Indy Film Fest 's mission is to create a shared experience around film . What better way to do that than to bring movie lovers and makers together ?
We believe magic happens when we connect festival fans ( that 's YOU ! ) with filmmakers . During this year 's festival , July 17 – 26 , 2014 , We 're aiming for more post-film Q & A session , more discussions , and more rubbing elbows with the talented artists who entertain and challenge us .
Drinking Buddies director Joe Swanberg chats it up at the 2013 Indy Film Fest .
Since 2004 , the Indy Film Fest has quickly become one of the Midwest 's fastest-growing and most-watched film festivals — featuring the best in independent and innovative film from both award-winning professionals and emerging filmmakers from nearly every state in the country and more than 50 countries around the globe .
As a non-profit , all-volunteer organization , we depend on the support of our community to sustain and flourish .
2014 marks our eleventh festival , and we need your help to take this one up to 11 . Your kickstarter donation will go toward filmmaker travel expenses , such as flights and hotels , for the 2014 festival . Filmmaker participation in our festival creates a win-win . It fosters a richer festival experience and a good vibe for movie fans in Indianapolis , plus it 's a chance for filmmakers to get reactions to their work from a new audience .
After taking in the 2013 closing night film , Don Jon , we partied it up at Indianapolis Museum of Art .
What You Get In Return
Being an official festival backer means you 'll become a part of our community - a community of like-minded film lovers , a community that appreciates a story well told , a character expertly developed , and an experience shared on screen . Support the Indy Film Fest and you 're a part of the Bigger Picture .
Whether you contribute $ 1 or $ 1,000 , you 'll receive a variety of perks as our thank you for your support , ranging from screening tickets to premium access to screenings and swag . You become an official member of Indy Film Fest with your donation , meaning the rewards just keep coming , as you gain access to all our year-round events and screenings .
It 's been a long time since I last published on this blog , I was very busy on building our Twproject Project Management Software better and better . We have just released version 6.2 with a new mobile interface… but I 'll be back on this in one of my future posts .
During the last two years we have collected some feedback from our customers , but improvements and fixes were made on the Twproject 's Commercial Gantt editor version only .
The commercial version has been always a step forward the open source one , so after two and half years the gap becomes unbridgeable and I needed time and funds to ferry the open source component to the new world 🙂
Thanks to WikiSuite , that funded the alignment , the new version has finally seen the light .
Twproject 's Free Gantt Editor has been completely redesigned , the look and feel has been improved and usability has been improved .
There is also a lot of work under the hood . In order to fix several “ strange ” issues on complex Gantt cases , in fact , we have included a sort of unit testing engine ( see ganttTestSuite.js ) that helped us to identify and fixing issues .
.. and some other changes…
We have added new columns on the grid : progress and milestones .
Collapsed tasks ' status is stored as well as the column 's size . Double-click on columns will give the best fitting size .
Task delete , indent , outdent , up , down are now available using the keyboard too ; that speeds-up the project editing .
Several new permissions have been added to let jQuery Gantt editor working better on real environments .
Last but not least , the Gantt editor works fine with jQuery 3.1 .
The great Australian housing rip-off
Owning your own home remains a dream for many Australians , but an increasingly difficult one . In our pursuit of home ownership we are frequently ripped off , with new evidence from the Reserve Bank of Australia suggesting that housing is severely overvalued . Combined with a soft economic outlook , younger Australians would be well advised to think hard before taking on excess leverage , borrowing from their parents and entering Australia 's housing market .
The RBA released an interesting research paper yesterday on housing valuation by economists Ryan Fox and Peter Tulip . They ask the pivotal question : Is housing overvalued ?
I have addressed housing valuation a few times during my tenure at Business Spectator . My general view is that Australians are frequently ripped off when purchasing a home . A combination of poor housing policy -- including negative gearing , capital gains tax concessions or exemptions and the first-home owner grant -- combined with housing supply restrictions , excessive bank lending and stamp duty have resulted in arguably the most expensive housing stock in the world .
And yet Australians keep buying homes , at increasing values and with increasing levels of mortgage debt . Some argue that it is a bubble but many Australians believe they are getting a good deal .
Fox and Tulip have taken an opportunity cost approach to home ownership . A house is considered ‘ overvalued ' if the individual would be better off renting the home compared with owning a similar dwelling .
Should you rent or buy ? It 's an age old question but one with a simple answer for most Australians : “ Of course you should buy ! ” Yet it is far from a no-brainer , as the analysis from Fox and Tulip shows .
It is important to note that the decision to rent or buy excludes the decision of whether to become a property investor . Investors face a very different set of trade-offs compared with those contemplating home ownership .
In fact , based on the rampant speculation in the Sydney and Melbourne housing markets , and the low rental yields on residential property , I 'd wager that there is only one consideration for many housing investors : expectations of massive capital gains .
The goal of Fox and Tulip 's analysis is to create a superior method of valuation compared with measures such as the house price-to-income and house price-to-rent ratios . Both these measures are simple but have some obvious limitations .
Both ratios have also increased significantly over the past few decades , resulting in organisations such as the International Monetary Fund and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development declaring that Australian house prices are significantly overvalued ( Why Australia is floored by sky-high house prices , June 13 ) .
Fox and Tulip argue that an upward trending price-to-income ratio is not surprising . They suggest that it is to be expected when land is in limited supply ; prices need to rise faster than incomes to keep demand in line with supply .
Land supply is an important determinant of house prices but I 'd like to flip their argument around . Rather than attributing the upward trend to supply restrictions , I 'd place the blame on the willingness of our banks to lend .
House price multiples began to increase at a rapid pace when the Australian banking system was deregulated , lifting the shackles from households and removing the credit rationing that had plagued our banking system .
[ wysiwyg_field wf_deltas= '' 0 '' wf_field= '' field_wysiwyg_media '' wf_formatter= '' aibm_ui_media_output '' wf_settings-style= '' full_width '' wf_cache= '' 1405372132 '' wf_entity_id= '' 843286 '' wf_entity_vid= '' 1245301 '' wf_entity_type= '' node '' ]
Although they are often ignored , banks determine the level of house prices by sheer virtue of the fact that they control the purse-strings . They could create a house-price bubble or bust by simply changing their tolerance to risk .
House price multiples increased because of greater access to credit , with supply restrictions playing a more modest role . More importantly , this reflected a one-off structural shift to Australian housing ; it would be a mistake to assume that it was part of a broader trend or indicative that house price multiples will increase indefinitely .
But returning to their model , Fox and Tulip compare the cost of renting against purchasing a home using a matched sample of properties . This controls for issues of quality changing over time .
They find that the decision to buy or rent is highly sensitive to one 's expectations regarding capital appreciation . Their base scenario assumes that house prices will continue to grow at their post-1955 average , during which time real house prices rose by 2.4 per cent annually . Under this scenario , housing is perfectly priced compared with rents .
But as I 've argued frequently it is unreasonable to assume that future house price growth will match past gains . Banking deregulation ushered in a period of structural change in lending markets that can not be replicated . Prices boomed on the back of rising mortgage lending and that provided a one-off boost to house prices .
Wisely , Fox and Tulip explore a range of other scenarios . The sensitivity of their analysis to various price growth assumptions is contained in the graph below .
[ wysiwyg_field wf_deltas= '' 1 '' wf_field= '' field_wysiwyg_media '' wf_formatter= '' aibm_ui_media_output '' wf_settings-style= '' full_width '' wf_cache= '' 1405372132 '' wf_entity_id= '' 843286 '' wf_entity_vid= '' 1245301 '' wf_entity_type= '' node '' ]
I expect that the media will focus on the base scenario -- the post-1955 average -- but in doing so they will severely overestimate house price growth over the next couple of decades . Structural shifts in the Australian economy resulting from an ageing population and a declining terms of trade , combined with the Chinese economy slowing , will weigh on income and price growth , while high levels of indebtedness should place a speed limit on potential growth .
The most interesting scenario considered by Fox and Tulip is the scenario where real house prices grow at the rate of household income growth ( denoted in the graph by “ HHDY ” ) . This scenario is perhaps a little optimistic ( the risks to income growth are on the downside ) but it approximates our current reality since the house price-to-income ratio has been relatively stable -- by which I mean fluctuating around a constant mean -- over the past decade . Under this scenario , housing is overvalued by around 20 per cent .
The great Australian dream might be to own your own home but financially it no longer makes sense for many Australians . The research by Fox and Tulip , using plausible assumptions for price growth , suggests that housing is severely overvalued in Australia and many Australians are getting ripped off . By comparison , rents remain relatively cheap and are a better option for many younger Australians who have yet to dip their toes into the murky waters of Australia 's property market .
Setting the agenda for Australia 's $ 150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia 's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set . Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo 's CEO , Danny Celoni , Jayne Hrdlicka , CEO of A2 Milk Company , Barry Irvin , Executive Chairman , Bega Cheese and Costco 's Managing Director , Patrick Noone . Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Kheng Pov , 65 , seen in police custody yesterday after turning himself in for killing a peacock in the capital 's Meanchey district on Sunday . Photo supplied
A 65-year-old man has been detained after killing and eating an escaped peacock believed to belong to Prime Minister Hun Sen 's nephew Hun To .
Fearing repercussions after news of the bird 's fate spread , the man confessed to police yesterday that he had poached one of four peacocks that landed on the roof of his Stung Meanchey home .
“ He came to confess that he had shot and killed one of the peacocks , ” Stung Meanchey commune police chief Mao Savoeun said yesterday .
“ He ate the peacock last night at about 6pm . He had used a slingshot to shoot the peacock before cooking it . He came to confess because he learned authorities would take action . ”
According to Savoeun , the man will be “ fined and educated ” as he had been warned beforehand by local authorities not to kill the birds , which appeared in his neighbourhood over the weekend .
Municipal agriculture department director Sieng Borin said the man would be released from custody after signing an agreement not to kill peacocks again . The remaining three birds had been taken by an animal conservation group , he said .
According to a security guard at a house behind the InterContinental hotel belonging to Hun To – who in 2008 was accused of ordering his bodyguards to beat an opposition parliamentarian – the escaped birds were among a so-called ostentation of peacocks kept by their boss at the property .
“ We tried to look after them and not let anyone shoot them , ” he said , declining to be named .
Reached yesterday , Hun To said he was in Dubai and unaware of the incident though confirmed he was a peacock collector .
“ At that property I have raised 23 peacocks I have raised them since they were as small as a forearm , ” he said , adding that as peacocks matured , they became harder to control .
“ How can they be herded when they grow bigger ? They can fly . ”
UPDATE : MLB uniforms to continue being made in Easton area
The Majestic brand that has become synonymous with Major League Baseball uniforms -- and which has a manufacturing plant in the Lehigh Valley -- has been sold .
Majestic owner VF Corp. announced Tuesday that it has an agreement to sell its Licensed Sports Group , including Majestic , to Fanatics Inc .
An announcement is set for 2 p.m. Tuesday at the Majestic plant at 2320 Newlins Mill Road in Palmer Township .
Gov . Tom Wolf is scheduled to be there , along with Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred , Fanatics Owner and Executive Chairman Michael Rubin , Majestic President Mike Pardidni and Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro .
Fanatic deals in officially licensed sports merchandise and operates more than 300 online and offline stores , including the e-commerce business for Major League Baseball , the NFL , NASCAR and many other professional sports leagues .
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of this year . Terms of the agreement were not disclosed .
Nearly 600 people work at the Palmer plant , whose future has been uncertain since Major League Baseball announced a change last year .
Ranking the Valley 's biggest private employers
A union representative on Tuesday morning said workers were hopeful of the announcement and viewed word of the sale as good news .
`` I think once they get in there and see what our members do , it requires a high level of skill and I think they 'll appreciate it , '' said Jocelyn Lunney , associate manager of Pennsylvania Joint Board of Workers United , SEIU .
`` I think this is good news for our members . It shows what they can do . This is not a business that 's portable , or skills that are easily transferable . ''
Majestic is under contract to make baseball uniforms , as it has for years , through 2019 . But MLB several months ago struck a deal for Under Armour to take over production starting in 2020 .
That left in limbo the fate of the Palmer plant , even as MLB 's top man signaled the pro sports league 's desire to keep it open .
`` We 're working really hard to make sure that we do everything possible to preserve those jobs , '' Manfred said in December on CSNBC .
`` We 've had a long and very positive relationship with the people that work in that factory . They do quality work . And I 'm hopeful that we 'll be able to accomplish that . ''
VF Corp. announced a year ago that it had an interest in selling its Licensed Sports Group . The Majestic workers union has a contract that extends through 2019 when the MLB licensing agreement expires .
`` We have a union contract that says this work must be done in and around Easton , Pa. , and there ' also a requirement that they keep a certain level of jobs making this product , '' said Lunney , who added she along with workers were eager to hear from officials later at Tuesday 's announcement .
`` I believe we 've done everything we need to do to keep those jobs here and we expect any company purchasing ( Majestic ) would abide by the contract . ''
Jim Deegan may be reached at jdeegan @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow him on Twitter @ jim_deegan . Find lehighvalleylive on Facebook .
Dozens of Iranian lawmakers have signed a petition seeking to make Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the first president to be summoned for questioning since the Islamic Revolution 32 years ago .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , November 10 , 2010 . AP
However the challenge looks unlikely to succeed because the numbers fall short of the constitutional requirement that at least one-fourth of the 290 parliament members must sign the petition before the president can be questioned .
Still it was a reminder that Ahmadinejad , one of the most polarizing leaders on the international scene , also faces deep dissent within his own country and even within his own conservative political camp . However , his position appears secure as long as he continues to have the support of the country 's highest authority , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and the elite Revolutionary Guard forces . With Khamenei 's strong support for the president , it is unlikely that enough lawmakers would sign the petition .
Ali Motahari , a hardline lawmaker behind the petition , says Iran 's tensions with the outside world and its domestic woes will not stop lawmakers from taking the president to account .
I do n't believe that questioning ( the president ) will cause tension . Our people should know that putting questions to the president is a right of lawmakers . Perhaps the president 's explanations will convince the parliament , a reformist news website , aftabnews.ir news , quoted Motahari as saying Wednesday .
Iranian lawmakers , including conservatives , have complained in the past about being sidelined in key decisions by Ahmadinejad over issues such as foreign policy and strategic economic planning .
Those behind the petition want Ahmadinejad to respond to a long list of accusations . They include making statements that damage parliament , refusing to carry out laws enacted by parliament , withdrawing money from the central bank without proper authorization . They also accuse him of lack of transparency on budget spending .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Ahmadinejad portrayed himself as a champion of the poor when he first swept to power in 2005 , promising to bring oil revenues to every family , eradicate poverty , improve living standards and tackle unemployment . Both conservatives and reform-minded politicians have been increasingly challenging him over his failure to meet those promises .
Reformists and even some fellow conservatives say Ahmadinejad has concentrated too much on fiery , anti-U.S. speeches and not enough on the economy - and they have become more aggressive in calling him to account .
The government is still coping with the consequences of a massive bloody confrontation with protesters and is still being challenged by the opposition that claims Ahmadinejad won the June 2009 presidential elections through massive vote fraud .
Iran is at odds with the U.S. and other Western countries over its disputed nuclear program , which some suspect is geared toward producing weapons . Iran denies this . Iran is also holding two Americans in prison for more than a year on charges of spying and illegal border crossing , which the U.S. says are fabrications .
Motahari , one of the critics of Ahmadinejad from within his own conservative political circles , says he has collected more than 50 signatures but wo n't reveal the names because they could be put under government pressure . Other Iranian websites reported only 40 had signed .
But the official IRNA news agency , which reflects the government 's position , quoted lawmaker Mahmoud Ahmadi Biqash as saying Wednesday that several of those who signed the petition have already withdrawn their signature .
The petition to question is not a move to impeach the president . However , formal parliamentary questioning would weaken Ahmadinejad and could then pave the way for his subsequent impeachment and removal from power .
Many lawmakers oppose questioning the president , saying it will further weaken the government and may harm Iran 's interests at a time the country is preparing for a new round of talks with world powers over its nuclear program .
Conservative lawmaker Ali Reza Zakani said lawmakers had every right to question the president but such a motion was harmful because it may weaken the government which is on the verge of implementing a major economic plan to slash energy and food subsidies .
The country is on the verge of the big project of a smart subsidy plan . Therefore , the priority should be to promote cooperation , Zakani was quoted by several news websites as saying .
Motahari , the brains behind the motion , said lawmakers will wait for the government to enforce the subsidy cut plan first before summoning Ahmadinejad for questioning . That means any possible questioning of the president is months away .
Iran 's economic woes have been one of Ahmadinejad 's biggest challenges and his critics say he has recklessly squandered Iran 's oil windfall on costly , subsidized imports while failing to take any needed reforms . Iran is one of the world 's leading oil producers .
As seen on Fox & Friends
Video : Mother Flips Over Confederate Flags at Festival
A Clinton-backed group was reportedly behind the promotion of the unverified Russian dossier that contained scurrilous allegations against President Trump , according to the New York Post .
The Senate Judiciary Committee is considering subpoenaing the research firm Fusion GPS as the firm remains silent about the possibility of funding of the dossier .
The firm has a long history of investigating Republicans at the behest of Democrats . Fusion GPS was hired by Democrats to find damaging information on Trump as well as Mitt Romney in 2012 .
Planned Parenthood has also used the firm to attack pro-life activists .
College Professor Blasted After Saying Otto Warmbier 'Got What He Deserved '
Judge Jeanine : I Fear Dem Rage Will Result in Assassination Attempt by 'Some Crazy Lefty '
Article continues below
The Senate wants to see any communications between Fusion GPS and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch , who is under investigation for her involvement in Hillary Clinton 's email probe .
Congress , FBI and CIA both cited the dossier when referring to the Russia investigation .
One of the firm 's founders also donated at least $ 1000 to the Clinton campaign in 2016 .
The dossier is `` riddled with errors in fact and questionable sourcing , '' Paul Sperry , who helped break the story told `` Fox & Friends . ''
`` This was a Democrat operation from top to bottom , '' Sperry said .
Army Sergeant Makes Surprise Visit to Fifth-Graders Who Sent Him Cards
Trump : We Must Continue 'Tough Fight ' to Remove 'Dead Carcass of ObamaCare '
'Too Much Misinformation ' : Trump Supporter Splits With ABC News Over Trump Coverage
Today Salford Red Devils unveil their new Club Crest .
Today , not just the badge on the shirt changes but the whole ethos of what this famous old club is about .
Steeped in tradition and revered in history , the Red Devils have become one of the most talked about teams in the game and going forward from today the Club will embrace the ethic and attitude of this magnificent city of Salford .
Our new crest is the starting point . Born of many months ' intensive research and design , we went out to key stakeholders and asked what the Club and indeed their home city meant to them .
The answers were wide-ranging but always interweaving a thread between them was the pride in heritage – not just of Salford Red Devils , but the City of Salford itself .
Time and again , the same symbols and defining factors were brought up in the feedback – The Willows , Salford Quays , the down-to-earth work ethic of those who live here . It seemed everybody we spoke to felt the same way . It became clearer than ever before that this could not just be about simply changing a logo .
In a way , given the depth of the research , ultimately the new crest would almost create itself and we are proud that , going forward , this historic Club will once again carry the name of Salford wherever we may play .
We are proud too that our city 's heritage and ethics will be worn with pride by our players – wherever they may come from in the world and we will make sure they know the significance of every aspect of playing for Salford Red Devils .
In recent months the symbol of the worker bee has been brought sharply into focus in our region for tragic reasons . The bees have formed a part of both Salford and Manchester heritage appearing on crests and coats of arms for many years but have risen to great prominence in 2017 .
We are delighted that they will now form a key component of the new identify of Salford Red Devils . They signify that only with hard-work , togetherness and relentless endeavour we will achieve our aims .
Other focal points of our city also take pride of place – symbols signifying the city 's standing in the industrial revolution , its ability to produce stunning landmarks and of course the willow trees the city were founded around , will all stand out on the new crest .
We are Salford Red Devils and we are more than 13 players playing a game . We are a community entrenched in history . We are proud and we will continue to entertain and delight the generations that follow .
We can not wait for the 2018 season to begin when we will take Salford into battle once again . We know you will be there by our side .
Find out what everything means in the new crest HERE
English [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
When originally used in England , the meaning of the place name Gotham was literally “ homestead where goats are kept ” , from Old English gāt ( “ goat ” ) and hām ( “ home ” ) . [ 1 ]
As nickname for New York City first used 1807 by Washington Irving in his Salmagundi Papers [ 2 ] . As “ Gotham City ” , name of the fictional home of Batman , first mentioned in Batman issue 4 , 1940 . [ 3 ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( nickname of New York , setting of the Batman franchise ) IPA ( key ) : /ˈɡɒθəm/
IPA : ( English village ) : IPA ( key ) : /ˈɡəʊtəm/
Proper noun [ edit ]
Gotham
References [ edit ]
^ Online Etymology Dictionary ‎ [ 1 ] , retrieved Harper , Douglas ( 2001 ) , “ Gotham ” , in , retrieved ^ Salmagundi ‎ [ 2 ] , G. P. Putnam 's sons , New York , This passage of the erudite Linkum was applied to the city of Gotham , of which he was once Lord Mayor , as appears by his picture hung up in the hall of that ancient city ; but his observation fits this best of all possible cities “ to a hair. ” It is a melancholy truth that this same New York , though the most charming , pleasant , polished , and praiseworthy city under the sun , and in a word the bonne bouche of the universe , is most shockingly ill-natured and sarcastic , and wickedly given to all manner of backslidings ; for which we are very sorry , indeed . Washington Irving ( ) , “ To Correspondents ” , in , G. P. Putnam 's sons , New York , page 183-184 ^ New York Public Library ‎ [ 3 ] . Carmen Nigro ( Januar 25 , 2011 ) , “ So , Why Do We Call It Gotham , Anyway ? ” , in
Emily Walden holds a photograph of her son T.J. who died of an overdose more than four years ago . She tries to increase awareness and prevent overdoses and traveled to Washington , D.C. to speak at the Food and Drug Administration 's meeting on the reformulated version of Opana . ( Photo11 : Sam Upshaw , Jr. , The Courier-Journal )
In a move that could lead to a national ban , two federal advisory panels voted Tuesday that the risks outweigh the benefits of a widely-abused opioid that was reformulated to deter addicts from snorting it .
The new extended-release version of Endo Pharmaceuticals ' Opana may even be more dangerous than the version it replaced , according to critics including the advocacy group Public Citizen . Two Food and Drug Administration advisory panels seemed to agree , voting 18 to 8 that it presents more risks than benefits to society .
Next it 's up to the FDA to decide whether to act on the panels ' advice , which it generally does . Possible actions include changes to labels , restriction of prescriptions and an outright ban .
Instead of being snorted by abusers , Opana ER is now being injected , which has led to multiple deaths .
Injection of Opana ER by abusers was the primary cause of an HIV outbreak in Scott County , Ind . in 2015 .
The drug is also identified as a possible factor in a recent East Tennessee outbreak of the life-threatening blood disease , Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura ( TTP ) . Opana ER is a form of the opioid oxymorphone .
Emily Walden , whose 21 year old son T.J. died of an Opana overdose in 2012 , has become the drug 's most vocal opponent since his death . She testified at the FDA hearing and described herself later than `` very pleased '' by the vote .
`` I believe the advisory committee made the right decision and I believe there will be more coming out of this discussion today , specifically to crush resistant opioids , '' she said .
She says the term `` abuse deterrent '' is a marketing ploy by drugmakers .
“ I do not understand how a drug that does not cure anything can have this much death and destruction and still be available for use , '' said Walden , whose son was in the Kentucky National Guard . `` He loved his country and his country failed him . ”
T.J. Walden , 21 , died in 2012 after an Opana ER overdose . He was in the Kentucky National Guard . ( Photo11 : Courtesy of Emily Walden )
There was an uptick in abuse of Opana ER after OxyContin was reformulated in 2010 , making that drug harder to crush and snort . Two years later , Opana was reformulated into a crush-resistant or purportedly `` abuse-deterrent ” formula . That , however , led users to inject the drug .
When it 's injected , oxymorphone becomes 10 times more potent than morphine , says Andrew Kolodny , a doctor who is executive director of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing ,
`` This characteristic makes the drug especially desirable and especially dangerous to opioid-addicted injection drug users , '' he says .
Calling the drug `` abuse deterrent is misleading because making opioids hard to crush does not deter abuse , '' says Kolodny .
Baltimore health commissioner Leana Wen agrees .
`` Abuse-deterrent forms of opioids still contain similar risks , '' says Wen , an emergency medicine doctor who says there is an `` epidemic of overprescribing . ''
If the drug were instead called `` crush resistant , '' it would `` certainly give doctors a clearer picture , '' said Indiana health commissioner Jerome Adams , an anesthesiologist .
Safety and public health has to be a big concern `` when you 're putting these very potent medications out there in the midst of an opioid epidemic , '' Adams said after the meeting . He does n't support a ban , however , instead favoring improved labeling and education of prescribers .
`` If they put ( an inpatient ) rehab facility with a medical detox here , I bet you almost everyone would go , '' says Bobbie Jo Spencer , who was addicted to Opana in the spring of 2015 when this was taken . ( Photo11 : Matt Stone , The ( Louisville ) Courier-Journal )
Endo insisted its drug is not contributing to overdoses any more than other opioids .
“ All opioids , including oxymorphone , are abused , ” said Harris Rotman , vice president of regulatory affairs for Endo .
The company argued that the changing environment brought by the reformulation of OxyContin led users to Opana and , according to Endo data , abuse had been appropriately deterred by the reformulation of Opana ER .
The company also provided data showing the number of Opana ER pills being dispensed has fallen gradually since the reformulation .
A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study , however , found Opana 's reformulation caused users to inject several times a day because of a short half-life that causes withdrawal symptoms to begin sooner . The study , conducted in Scott County , found users had found a way to heat the pills to melt the gel covering which creates the extended release effect when swallowed . After the gel was melted , it had to be mixed with an unusual amount of water , which diluted the amount of drug a user injected in each shot , leading the user to inject several times .
Because of the drug 's high street price , speakers at the FDA meeting said Opana ER abusers typically share as little as one quarter of a pill between two or three people who gather up the money to buy together . This likely leads to needle sharing , which was a major factor in the Scott County HIV outbreak .
There is no doubt that Opana changed and accelerated substance use disorder behaviors , Adams testified . He said it also increased pharmacy robberies and had what he called an `` unpredictable '' effect on overdoses . Unlike street drugs , which vary in potency , he says users “ know what they 're getting when they 're getting Opana ” so are less likely to overdose .
Endo representatives said as soon as they were notified they passed on notification to the FDA and met with sales reps in East Tennessee where the outbreak was concentrated . The company said it instituted drug take-back programs and got in touch with providers , as well as keeping tabs on providers deemed “ suspicious ” in that area .
According to Endo , there were 65 total reports of TTP cases , but the last was June 2016 and that likely occurred earlier than was reported .
Endo said TTP has also been reported with intravenous abuse of OxyContin 's abuse-deterrent formula tablets . This led the company to believe that the problem comes from an inactive ingredient , PEO , that , according to Endo , has not been well studied .
PEO is an ingredient used to create the gel coating on extended release tablets often used in many abuse-deterrent formulas , suggesting some of the issues made raise broader questions about these formulas .
Read more :
Still , anything short of a ban wo n't satisfy Walden : “ You can put a coating around it and pretend it is safer and people will still become addicted and people are still going to die . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2nlaaPU
The LGBT+ Students ' Network at University College London ( UCL ) is this year running a campaign to raise awareness of gender-neutral pronouns used by transgender people .
A page on UCL 's website introducing the campaign asserts there are people who do n't ‘ identify ' as male or female and consider themselves to be “ non-binary ” . Stressing the apparent importance of gender pronouns to such people , the page urges readers use gender-neutral pronouns upon meeting new people so as not to ‘ misgender ' anyone .
In a video the LGBT+ Network prepared for the campaign , a number of students speak earnestly about the importance of pronouns to them , and give instructions and tips on getting to grips with gender-neutral ones .
Explaining her understanding of pronouns , a student wearing a purple scarf says : “ The most common gender pronouns are ‘ he ' and ‘ she ' which identifies that the person is male or female ” .
“ But that 's not always the case . Some men and some women might not use he or she , respectively and some people who use he or she might be different genders . ”
“ There are also gender neutral pronouns such as they and ze which indicates that a person defines as either agender or somewhere along the gender spectrum . ”
A student with pink eyebrows and a shaved head asserts : “ Pronouns are a very important and integral part of an individual 's identity . It 's something most people do n't ever have to think about , and take for granted . ”
Matthew Wagaine , the student union 's LGBT+ officer , warns : “ If you misuse pronouns for someone , you are effectively thrusting upon them an identity that they themselves do not have . ”
One tip given in the video , for respecting other people 's pronouns , is to use gender-neutral pronouns to begin with , then “ when they tell you their preferred pronouns , continue to use those pronouns from then on out . ”
Using the correct pronoun , a number of students profess , shows that you respect people 's identities .
“ It 's important to get pronouns right , because every day people who are in the LGBT community deal with different discriminations for different ways they identify [ unintelligible ] misgendered or are not represented in the right way ” , a student in an “ LGBT+ History Month ” T-shirt tells the camera .
Mr. Wagaine acknowledges that “ there may be times ” where people “ possibly forget ” a person 's preferred pronoun .
“ So if you do , and that person calls you out on it , do n't take it as a personal insult . Just acknowledge that that was a mistake and you will learn from it , ” he instructs .
Mr. Wagaine cautions against being too outwardly contrite , however , stating that : “ Being apologetic puts too much pressure on that person , who 's already feeling inadequate and insecure as a result of being misgendered . ”
The student with pink eyebrows recommends : “ If you know somebody who identifies as a transgender or non-binary , take a moment to realise how long they may have spent figuring out their gender identity and the effect that you misgendering them might have on them . ”
On the topic of gender-neutral pronouns such as “ ze ” , the student in the purple scarf suggests people practice using them , alone in their free time .
“ Pronouns that might be a little odd , that you 're not used to… perhaps , practicing them , practice using them in sentences just , on your own , might help you with using them in future , like ‘ ze ' .
“ ‘ Ze ' is not a particularly common pronoun but , if you ask the person how to use it in sentences and then you practice it by yourself , it can really help you be able to use it correctly in future . ”
To assist with this endeavour , the page on UCL 's website directs readers to a ‘ resource pack ' which includes a game with which people can practice conjugating a range of gender-neutral pronouns including “ hu ” , “ ey ” , “ hie ” , “ fae ” and “ xe ” .
The resource pack asserts that “ genitals and bodies in general do n't reflect anything about a person 's pronouns or gender ” and warns that believing otherwise is “ probably the biggest mistake you can make ” .
“ Above all else , do n't try to argue this with a person ” it admonishes , continuing : “ Even if you personally disagree , a person who 's asking you to use new pronouns more than likely already has their mind made up , and will probably also feel pretty hurt .
“ Basically , what 's more important ? Someone 's anatomy , or their happiness ? ”
The UCL website 's campaign page outlines some general advice for using pronouns , and encourages people to use gender-neutral ones when meeting new people .
“ For example , try introducing yourself as follows : ‘ My name is Natalia and my pronouns are she/her . What pronouns do you prefer ? ' ”
Urging people to step in and correct anyone they hear using a wrong pronoun , the piece explains : “ As a close friend of mine whose pronouns are they/them explains , ‘ There 's nothing more comforting after being misgendered as hearing a chorus of ‘ they ! ' going round the table ! ' ”
Several celebrities have declared themselves as having “ non-binary gender identities ” , including Labour party-supporting political activist Eddie Izzard who told The Guardian , “ I am all boy , plus extra girl ” .
Last month , police were called to investigate a “ hate crime ” when a Bolton councillor who “ transitioned ” from male to female complained of being misgendered by a fellow councillor .
Hayne , who hoped to play as a running back , was believed to be holidaying in Bali . The Detroit Free Press 's NFL correspondent Dave Birkett said the indications were that the 26-year-old Australian would eventually receive a futures contract because Hayne represented a `` low risk '' .
`` In season the rosters are 53 players big , out of season they 're up to 90 players , '' Birkett said . `` So this is the time when you would look at a development guy like [ Hayne ] and sign him to [ the futures ] . Essentially that allows him to train , go through the whole off-season training camp with the team . He 'd go to training camp with the team , that way [ the Lions ] would be able to assess how far he has come and whether he has a shot to make the 53-man roster . ''
Birkett , who has covered the Lions for the past five seasons and seen many of the players from other sports and countries that the Lions has trialled , said even if Hayne failed to make the 53-man roster , it did not mean his NFL dream was over . `` There is also a practice squad , '' he said . `` It was 10 players this year , it was eight in the past . From the Lions ' standpoint , it 's a low-risk move . You 're not giving him any guaranteed money necessarily . You 're giving him a chance , you 're getting him in to see what he can do from an athletic standpoint , but certainly they think he 's talented enough , athletic enough with a little bit of seasoning that maybe he could turn into an NFL player . ''
Birkett said while Detroit 's fans knew very little about Hayne they were definitely intrigued by him and figured for a `` rugby '' star to make the switch from super stardom in Australia to the great unknown of the NFL indicated there was `` something '' there . `` From the Lions ' fans ' standpoint , they do n't know necessarily whether he can make it or not , '' he said . `` But they know there 's no risk from [ the club 's ] part and they think he 's athletic enough to do it . So there 's hope from the Lions ' standpoint . ''
The Lions are renowned for taking punts on athletes from outside of the US football system . They trialled a German wide receiver and Norwegian kicker spotted on YouTube , while in 2013 they signed US rugby sevens star Carlin Isles to a futures contract . When Isles and the Lions parted ways , his agent said it was due to his client 's desire to chase a sevens spot at the 2016 Olympics . However , reports from the US suggested that despite it being apparent he had raw talent , the gulf between his natural gifts and the likelihood of developing into a bona fide NFL player were too vast .
Former Rep. Joe Walsh ( R-Ill. ) on Saturday warned President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE against attacking FBI leadership , saying the attacks are “ gon na bite you in the ass . ”
“ President Trump , quit attacking the FBI on Twitter . It 's wrong and it 's gon na bite you in the ass , ” Walsh tweeted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Put your phone down . No more tweets until after New Years , ” he added .
President Trump , quit attacking the FBI on Twitter . It 's wrong and it 's gon na bite you in the ass .
President Trump , its two days before Christmas . Put your phone down . No more tweets until after New Years . https : //t.co/c9A5zFmjXQ — Joe Walsh ( @ WalshFreedom ) December 23 , 2017
Trump had lashed out at FBI leadership on Twitter earlier Saturday , going after FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe over Democrats ' past donations to his wife 's political campaign .
His attack on McCabe came just after a report revealed that the deputy director was planning on retiring from the FBI in the coming months , as Republican lawmakers accuse him and other FBI officials of bias against Trump .
The president has stepped up his attacks on the agency in recent weeks , saying earlier this month that the bureau 's reputation was “ in tatters . ”
AP Oil used to be king in Odessa , Texas . But now the citiy is diversifying its employment with growth in finnancial services , trade , transportation , utilities , and leisure and hospitality .
The Great Recession has affected nearly every person in the United States . But the recovery has fared better in some parts of the country than others . 24/7 Wall St. looked at the 10 metropolitan areas with the largest employment growth between June 2009 , near the peak of the recession , and June 2012 .
Of the 10 metros on our list , four are located in Texas . The Lone Star state generally fared better than much of the country during the recession , at least partially because the housing crisis did n't hit it as hard . Notably , lending standards for mortgages were stricter than in other parts of the country , Alec Friedhoff , a research analyst with the Brookings Institute , told 24/7 Wall St. Texas was also helped by a recent boom in natural gas , creating jobs both directly in the energy sector and indirectly in supporting and related industries such as transportation .
Some of the job growth data should be considered skeptically , especially in smaller metropolitan including some on this list , Milken Institute Senior Economist Armen Bedroussian told 24/7 Wall St . He notes the percentages and the number of people employed or unemployed could fluctuate widely due to the decisions of one company to hire or fire . For instance , in Columbus , Ind. , when the area 's largest employer , engine manufacturer Cummins , makes decisions about its employment needs , it affects the entire region .
Throughout the country , certain jobs are growing while others are in decline , especially in the last year . In terms of growth , Friedhoff points to the manufacturing sector making a comeback , helping states such as Michigan . Meanwhile , Bedroussian points to recent growth in the technology sector , which has helped boost employment in Texas cities such as Austin , Dallas and San Antonio .
24/7 Wall St. : America 's worst companies to work for
Jobs in industries like financial services are in decline due to the effects of the European debt crisis , Bedroussian says . Government employment is also down . Due to lower government revenue and austerity measures , the public sector at both the state and local levels has declined and could continue to do so , especially in services such as education , according to both Friedhoff and Bedroussian .
When looking at the 10 metropolitan areas with the highest percentage of growth in people employed , 24/7 Wall St. reviewed data for 374 metropolitan areas from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . We considered the number and percentage change in the labor force , total employed and unemployed between June 2009 and June 2012 , as well as changes on an annual basis during that time , including the past 12 months , to determine if these changes were recent . For the metro areas , we also looked at data from the BLS about the types of jobs people are employed in as of June 2012 and whether the number of employed people has increased or decreased over the past year . We often compared those figures to the state as a whole . It should be noted that for these periods , we looked at the number of employed people , unemployed people , and the labor force , which is the combination of those two groups .
These are the 10 metropolitan areas with the largest increase in employees from June 2009 to June 2012 .
1 . Odessa , Texas
Percent increase of employed : 18.4 percent
18.4 percent Increase in people employed : 12,313 ( 45th highest )
12,313 ( 45th highest ) June 2009 unemployment rate : 9.6 percent ( 168th highest )
9.6 percent ( 168th highest ) June 2012 unemployment rate : 4.9 percent ( 15th lowest )
The size of the labor force has grown dramatically in Odessa since 2009 , when it was comprised of just 71,771 people . Since 2009 , the labor force has grown to 83,424 , an increase of 16.2 percent , and the largest increase of all metropolitan areas measured . The growth in employment has been spread across a number of industries , many of which have seen double-digit year-over-year growth in the past year , including in financial service , trade , transportation , utilities , and leisure and hospitality . In the past year , the unemployment rate dropped 49 percent , the third largest drop of all metro areas measured .
24/7 Wall St. : America 's oldest brands
2 . Columbus , Ind .
Percent increase of employed : 14.5 percent
14.5 percent Increase in people employed : 5,066 ( 98th highest )
5,066 ( 98th highest ) June 2009 unemployment rate : 10.7 percent ( 111th highest )
10.7 percent ( 111th highest ) June 2012 unemployment rate : 6.3 percent ( 59th lowest )
The labor force of the Columbus metro area has increased by 9.2 percent from June 2009 to June 2012 , the fifth-largest increase of all metropolitan areas . In the last year alone , the labor force has grown 5.9 percent , while the percentage of people employed grew by 7.4 percent , the biggest increase of all but three metro areas . Manufacturing , the largest employment sector in Columbus , has grown measurably in the past year . Columbus is the home of engine manufacturer Cummins , which has been adding jobs over the last year and will continue to do so as the demand for its products remains high . Meanwhile , employment in the leisure and entertainment sectors rose 13.9 percent in the same period .
24/7 Wall St. : States that get the most federal money
3 . Midland , Texas
Percent increase of employed : 11.2 percent
11.2 percent Increase in people employed : 8,265 ( 69th highest )
8,265 ( 69th highest ) June 2009 unemployment rate : 6.6 percent ( 36th lowest )
6.6 percent ( 36th lowest ) June 2012 unemployment rate : 4.3 percent ( 7th lowest )
The unemployment rate in Midland never reached high national numbers . The June 2009 unemployment rate of 6.6 percent was well below the 9.5 percent in the U.S. And the employment situation continued to improve in the years that followed . In June 2012 , the Midland metropolitan area had 85,904 people in the labor force , up 14 percent from the 75,284 people in the force back in June 2009 -- the largest percent increase of all metropolitan areas except for Odessa . The mining , logging and construction industry , the largest employment sector in Midland with approximately 19,900 employees as of June 2012 , added 7.6 percent more jobs from a year earlier . This was actually less than Texas as a whole , where the number of jobs in the industry has grown by 12.6 percent from last year . The major down spot for employment in Midland is the government sector , which has declined 8.2 percent from June 2011 to June 2012 .
4 . Gainesville , Ga .
Percent increase of employed : 10.6 percent
10.6 percent Increase in people employed : 8,437 ( 68th highest )
8,437 68th highest ) June 2009 unemployment rate : 9.8 percent ( 161st highest )
9.8 percent ( 161st highest ) June 2012 unemployment rate : 7.5 percent ( 136th lowest )
Between June 2009 and June 2012 , the number of people employed in the Gainesville metropolitan area increased by 10.6 percent , one of only four metropolitan areas out of 374 to see an increase of more than 10 percent in those three years . The labor force as a whole increased by 6.8 percent during this time , the 12th largest increase of all metro areas . While the number of people employed increased by 8,437 , the number of people unemployed decreased by 1,611 . The number of people in non-farm jobs was roughly 80,500 as of June 2012 , according to the BLS . This was an increase of 8.1 percent from the year-ago period .
5 . Blacksburg-Christiansburg-Radford , Va .
Percent increase of employed : 9.9 percent
9.9 percent Increase in people employed : 7,089 ( 82nd highest )
7,089 ( 82nd highest ) June 2009 unemployment rate : 9.6 percent ( 168th highest )
9.6 percent ( 168th highest ) June 2012 unemployment rate : 7.0 percent ( 95th lowest )
While the labor force did n't grow as much in Blacksburg-Christiansburg-Radford as much as it did in other places such as Lafayette or Laredo in the past three years , it did increase by a solid 5.9 percent from June 2011 to June 2012 , the 18th highest out of 374 metro areas . In the last year , Volvo has brought 700 employees back to its plant in the metro area following recent surges in North American sales . Blacksburg has also added government jobs at a much faster clip than the state of Virginia as a whole . Government workers comprised 22,800 employees as of June 2012 , up 5.6 percent compared to a year ago . Meanwhile , Virginia 's government sector jobs have barely increased at all in the last year .
Read the rest of the list at 24/7 Wall St .
Today , the government finally admitted the truth . Its Youth Contract has utterly failed to get our young people back to work . The flagship scheme is now on course to miss its target by more than 92 % - no wonder there are still almost a million young people out of work . The benefits bill for young people is now more than £3.6bn a year .
Today , Labour says we simply ca n't go on like this . The system is broken and its needs to change , and one of those changes has to be a revolution in the way small business , government and schools work together to get our teenagers job-ready . That 's the conclusion of a radical report by Labour 's Youth Jobs Taskforce , led by Alan Buckle , deputy chairman of KPMG , which we publish today .
We asked Alan to spend six months talking to business about just what they can do to help tackle Britain 's youth unemployment crisis . We found some stark conclusions . British business is ashamed of the UK 's sky-high youth unemployment – and champing at the bit to help – but all too often the system is getting in the way .
Look at Westfield 's work in east London to make sure Newham residents were first in line for work at the new retail park . Look at the National Grid 's programme to employ young ex-offenders . It 's a scheme that 's helped over 2,000 young people get a job . And look at the way that Labour councils like Liverpool , Sheffield and Manchester are creating Apprenticeship Agencies to forge a new partnership with small business to get young people onto the first rung of the careers ladder .
Businesses small and large want to join forces in tackling this crisis . But the government is letting them down . Our report finds that Britain 's small businesses have all but given up on the Work Programme and the Youth Contract which are respectively , abysmal and anonymous . Even Nick Clegg admits the system is n't working .
But what the report exposes is that the problem now runs much deeper . Careers services have become all but extinct and young people now lack any independent advice on what skills to develop to land a local job and a local career .
The world of work is changing all the time , yet our young people have no guarantee of independent careers education and guidance at school , and the government has scrapped the right to work experience . No wonder six in ten firms say school and college leavers have not developed the self-management skills they need for work . Education and work are just too far apart and the result is a situation where we have nearly a million young people desperate for work at the same time as business is reporting skills shortages that are getting worse not better . We ca n't go on like this . Our report suggests some big changes .
First , we have to find a new way to harness small business . According to the Federation of Small Businesses , nine out of ten unemployed or inactive people who move into jobs do so with small businesses . So we have to revolutionise the way apprenticeships work for SMEs . Liverpool , Leeds and Sheffield are creating apprenticeship training agencies to make it easy for an SME to say 'yes ' to a young apprentice .
Second , it means exploring how small business , government and schools can come together to rebuild Britain 's careers service . Labour pioneers like Manchester City Council are piloting UCAS-style clearing houses for apprenticeships to help small businesses find the recruits they need .
Third , we should look at opening up access to job outcome data for schools , so parents can get a much better idea of how well local schools are preparing their children for the world of work .
Fourth , we have to multiply the ways we bring businesses and schools closer together . At the best primary schools today , pupils are offered 'work discovery ' to inspire them about the world of work . That 's especially important for opening male-dominated professions , like engineering , to women . For older pupils , employers should accredit rigorous vocational qualifications as part of our Tech Bacc alongside a work placement . And why not encourage more business people to sit on governing boards ? We would give all schools the freedom to innovate with the national curriculum , so they can work with local businesses to tailor courses for local labour market .
Finally , we need to look into ensuring that young people leave school with a plan for their future careers , whether that 's a university , apprenticeship or employment offer . No one should feel undersupported when they move into the working world .
For three years now , this government 's policy has been one effort after another to divide and rule . To find one 'welfare dividing line ' after another . When did we ever achieve anything by turning on each other ? We have only ever achieved great things when we 've pulled together . That 's what needs to happen now . We can end the crisis of youth unemployment . Business is up for it . Schools and colleges are up for it . We 're up for it . We just need to get the Conservative Party out the way .
Liam Byrne is shadow work and pensions secretary ; Stephen Twigg is shadow education secretary
The motorcycle industry is in the throngs of a full-fledged vintage-style sport-standard brawl . Kawasaki just entered the ring : After months of teasing , the Kawasaki Z900RS has finally broken cover at the Tokyo Auto Show , and it 's a stunner .
By now , no one would blame you for being a little fatigued from all the motorcycle brands digging back through their archives for styling inspiration and paint schemes . But what Kawasaki has to offer is distinctly unique from the rest of the sport-standard bikes thumping around : it has an inline-four cylinder bolted in the middle .
From the Ducati Scrambler to the Yamaha XSR700 to the Triumph Thruxton , the market is flooded with two-cylinder twin engines . It 's getting a bit stale . The Z900RS takes the 948cc inline-four from the current Z900 naked sport bike , but with a slightly different tune to give it more power down below 7,000 rpm . The trade-off there is that the engine makes a little less power overall at just 111 horsepower ( down from 125 horsepower ) while peak torque drops to 53.5 lb-ft ( down from 72 lb-ft ) . That still outguns the Ducati by 36 horsepower , which is a significant lump of push for something that weighs 474 pounds .
Styling-wise , the Z900RS hits the mark with a loud-and-proud nod to the iconic Z1 of the '70s . Earthy-toned colorways , a wheel design so thin it looks like spokes and , lastly , a gauge cluster that combines a digital readout with an analog speedometer and tach , making for an excellent balance of old and new .
There 's no mention of the price just yet , but expect it to be competitive with the Yamaha 's $ 8,499 tag .
For months , Uber has been fending off fraud allegations related to an investigation into one of its legal opponents , which the company commissioned from a secretive CIA-linked research firm called Ergo . Documents related to the case also refer to other investigations Uber contracted with Ergo for , and so far , the details of those investigations have remained secret .
Now , The Verge has found evidence of a separate Ergo project investigating union politics in Seattle , conducted shortly after a controversial ordinance in December granted the city 's drivers the power to bargain collectively . Uber confirmed the project and characterized the effort as research into the city 's political landscape , emphasizing that it was not targeted at any individuals or drivers .
Investigating `` recent developments in labor unionization in Seattle ''
In one email , Ergo reached out to a labor historian named Trevor Griffey , seeking insight into `` the recent developments in labor unionization in Seattle '' and offering to pay for consultation work on the topic . The email was sent in mid-January , roughly a month after the collective bargaining ordinance was passed . Griffey declined the offer and shared the email with The Verge .
In the email , the sender identifies himself as an Ergo representative , but says his work is on behalf of a private , anonymous client and that the resulting study will not be released to the public . According to the message , the study would deal with `` Seattle 's political stakeholders and the dynamics of labor unions in the city . '' The final report was due to be submitted `` relatively soon . '' Ergo did not respond to requests for comment .
Uber has undertaken a number of initiatives to convince Seattle drivers not to support the newly empowered App Based Drivers Association . In January , Uber customer service representatives began contacting Seattle-based drivers with a new script , which began as a driver satisfaction survey but concluded with a strong anti-union message . `` This is simply a case where collective bargaining and unionization do not fit the characteristics of the work , '' the script read , a turn one former employee characterized as `` union-busting . ''
`` We do n't have anything to hide . ''
While Uber took no public position while the Seattle ordinance was being debated , it lobbied heavily behind the scenes and released a number of studies favorable to Uber while the bill was being considered . Some Uber drivers were also deactivated by the service after participating in pro-union activities , which some characterized as an act of political harassment by the company .
The US Chamber of Commerce has filed a lawsuit against the city of Seattle to suspend the new rule , an effort that Uber has vigorously supported .
`` I 'm not surprised they 're investigating us but I do n't know what new information there is to be gained , '' said Dawn Gearheart , a Teamsters official who 's been providing organizational support for the new union . `` We do n't have anything to hide . ''
In New York , Uber continues to face fallout from the Ergo investigation into a class action plaintiff and his lawyer . On Monday , US District Judge Jed Rakoff ruled that Ergo had `` engaged in fraudulent and arguably criminal conduct '' while pursuing its investigation and barred its report from being used in court . Uber CEO Travis Kalanick agreed to pay Meyer and his legal team an undisclosed sum of money as recompense for the breach .
`` It is a sad day , '' Rakoff wrote , `` [ when ] a corporate defendant feels compelled to hire unlicensed private investigators to conduct secret personal background investigations of both the plaintiff and his counsel . ''
In a deposition related to the case , an Uber executive testified that the company had hired Ergo for four separate investigations . No further details were made public , and the bulk of the deposition remains under seal . Uber has not disclosed any information regarding its other operations with the firm .
Butler , a stubby , orange robot , crawls along the aisles to fetch everything from smartphones to shampoos from warehouse shelves . It takes an hour to do what an average worker does in five . Its cousin Sorter , a smart conveyor belt , arranges parcels by weight , size and delivery location at least four times quicker than humans .
Built by India 's largest warehouse robotics startup GreyOrange , they help online retailers and logistics firms cut delivery time and costs , central to the fight for supremacy in this nation 's booming e-commerce market . The startup , which operates from Gurugram and Singapore , counts the country 's biggest e-tailer Flipkart , furniture portal Pepperfry and courier service providers DTDC and Delhivery among its clients .
“ With the help of these robots , an order can be picked from the warehouse and dispatched in 20 minutes , ” said Akash Gupta , co-founder and chief technology officer of GreyOrange . The robots are already sorting about 1.2 crore packets a month , he said . Butler and Sorter could even replace 60-80 percent of warehouse workforce , according to a GreyOrange presentation .
That robots are gaining ground in a land of abundant cheap labour shows just how dramatic the disruption to human work could become in the very near future .
A warehouse worker here earns Rs 10,000 a month on an average ( about $ 8 a day ) . As online retailers turn to machines to manage a growing volume of orders , a chunk of such unskilled jobs could become redundant . More so when homegrown e-tailers like Flipkart – still the nation 's biggest e-commerce site backed by SoftBank Group Corp , Tiger Global and Tencent Holdings – battle Seattle-based giant Amazon , which triggered an automation war in the U.S. by acquiring Kiva Systems for $ 775 million in 2012 .
With a series of small moves , no clarity on where Lance Stephenson will play next season , and speculation surrounding Indiana trading Roy Hibbert , the Pacers offseason is still far from finished .
How is it going so far ?
We asked a few of our 8p9s scribes to assess the summer .
1 . True or false : This offseason will be a failure if the Pacers do not re-sign Lance Stephenson ?
Jalen Bishop : True . Shoring up the bench is fine with C.J . Miles , Lavoy Allen and Shayne Whittington , but they are not replacing Stephenson 's production . He is going to improve quickly as a pick-and-roll ball handler , shooter , and defender over the next five years . It will be a failure .
Ben Gibson : False . It will only be a failure if they do nothing to fill that hole in the lineup . Lance has a lot of potential , but the Pacers ca n't bet the house on him .
Jon Washburn : False , depending on how you define the word “ failure. ” In general , the Pacers have almost no chance to be as good of a team without Stephenson as they were with him . However , in this circumstance , it would be hard to blame the Pacers for not getting a deal done . If Charlotte or some other team were simply able to outbid them , you ca n't blame Lance or the Pacers for not re-signing him . It appears that the Pacers are doing everything within their own power to get the deal done . If someone is able to simply do more , it 's hard to say that the Pacers “ failed ” — no matter how much damage it will do to the team next year .
Tim Donahue : False . I mean , probably , yeah , but the ultimate answer is , “ It depends. ” There was always a very good chance the Pacers would get outbid with Lance . It was actually much higher back around the Star break , when examplars like Tyreke Evans ' 4-year , $ 44 million deal were being thrown around , but it remains a real possibility . In that event , failure or success will hinge on what they do or do n't do to recover .
2 . True or false : The Pacers´ reported five-year , $ 44 million offer to Lance will be enough ?
Bishop : False . If that was the case , I believe Stephenson would have signed back with Indiana two days ago . That is a low offer for a player that is pretty good on both sides of the ball . The Mavericks , Lakers , and Celtics have expressed interest in Stephenson . There is a possibility he receives a higher offer over the next 36 hours .
Gibson : False . I think we 're either going to see Indiana go over the tax or a trade happen with Roy Hibbert . That 's just a guess , but I think Stephenson will get more than this offer . Charlotte and any other suitors will give him a small bit of leverage .
Washburn : False . You get the feeling that after all of this LeBron/Carmelo/Bosh stuff dies down , there will be 12-14 teams with cash to spend , and it only takes one team with cap space to be able to lure Lance to another team .
Donahue : False . My best guess is that – if Melo and LeBron re-sign with their own teams – the Lakers are likely to throw more money at Lance , but with a shorter contract – something like two years , $ 20-24 million dollars – and Lance will take the short-term money over the longer term security . There are other teams out there that may try to get Lance with a four year deal at a higher average . Nobody seems to be stepping up for Lance at the moment , but everybody is holding their breath , waiting for the big names to sign . There may be a rush of offers for Lance a mere day or two away . It has always been difficult to determine what the market would be for Lance . The Pacers have set it at 5/ $ 44 . Now , it 's just a question of whether anyone has the will and the space to beat that .
3 . True or false : Indiana will trade Roy Hibbert this summer ?
Bishop : False . And it wo n't be because Indiana still wants to hold on to him . There likely are n't teams looking to give up assets for a player who is due almost $ 30 million by the 2015-16 season . As “ bad ” as Hibbert was in the second half of the season , his defense at the rim is a huge strength for Indiana .
Gibson : True . I think Indiana wants to shuffle the deck . Despite what he said publicly , it seems Bird thinks the issues the Pacers had last year are deeper than the players let on . If it were merely just a funk , I think you stand pat . But no matter what the source of it , doubling down with this roster seems risky . I think one way or another someone is moving .
Washburn : True . But only if Lance comes back . With his other offseason signings , Larry Bird seems to be taking the team in a different direction — one more predicated on floor spacing and a faster tempo . Roy does n't fit into that mold . If Lance does sign with someone else , I 'm not sure the Pacers can really go where Bird wants to take them , and I think bringing back Roy would give them the best shot at staying reasonably competitive in 2015 .
Donahue : Probably false – He 's reportedly being quietly shopped . That 's probably true , but that does n't necessarily mean the Pacers are desperate to move him . Given the way last season ended , it 's prudent to find out what the market is for the Georgetown Big . It 's true that matchups were really bad for Hibbert in the playoffs , but he quite literally played the worst basketball of his career in March and April . Beyond the issues with Roy 's confidence and periodic funks , the longer term concern for the Pacers may be that the league has “ figured him out. ” It 's easier said than done , but it was proven repeatedly late last season that opponents could turn Hibbert into a massive liability , if they could spread the floor and get to him .
All that being said , I do n't think the Pacers are having a fire sale , and since that 's likely all the market will bear , I expect Hibbert to return next season .
4 . True or false : The Pacers´ smaller moves so far ( signing C.J . Miles , Damjan Rudez , Lavoy Allen , Shayne Whittington ) will look great by Christmas time ?
Bishop : As a whole , I do n't believe so . C.J . Miles will be helpful . With Cleveland last season , he shot 39 percent behind the arc , 48 percent on 2 pointers , 41 percent from 10-16 feet and 40 percent from 16 feet out . That shooting production could rise playing next to Paul George and David West .
Gibson : Well , everything looked great at Christmas time last year … but … false . I think they 're fine moves , but not great , and the Pacer bench has been in the same neighborhood for quite sometime now .
Washburn : True . CJ Miles is a better fit on the Pacers than Evan Turner , no matter how you slice it . That alone will make the Pacers ' bench more prolific than it was in 2014 . If the Pacers end up cutting Luis Scola , then Rudez , Allen , and Chris Copeland should all get some good minutes , and I think this will be met with positive PR .
Donahue : False – It 's hard to see these signings as looking great , but it does n't mean they might not be good . Miles is probably the key , here , but the value will be dependent on Indiana 's ability to re-sign or adequately replace Lance Stephenson . If that happens , then C.J . Miles could be a C.J . Watson-quality signing . Other than some nagging injuries , Watson performed well for the Pacers last year , and Miles could be a very nice wing shooter/scorer off the Pacer bench .
5 . True or false : Larry Bird is doing a good job so far this offseason ?
Bishop : With limited wiggle room , Bird is doing an OK job of bringing in players who can contribute off the bench . Players that can shoot are helpful . But Stephenson is the priority and Bird must convince him to come back .
Gibson : Incomplete . With Roy and Lance hanging in the balance it 's hard to say either way
Washburn : True . As the saying goes , you have to play with the cards you are dealt . As good as the Pacers are , they had a surprisingly small amount of assets to work with this offseason , what with their lack of draft picks and young bench players . Of course , you could blame Bird for part of that , and if you include all of his moves last summer into this offseason , then it 's a much taller challenge . But as of now , Bird has done a solid job improving the bench and making Lance as large of a priority as possible .
Donahue : Incomplete – I ca n't see the whole field , and the math says there is something else cooking in the background . The C.J . Miles signing ( above the Taxpayers ' MLE ) gives the Pacers an actual hard cap at $ 81 million . This would usually not matter , as Indiana has repeatedly said it would not exceed the $ 77 million luxury tax threshold . However , the Lavoy Allen agreement means that the Pacers would have to dump at least $ 1 million in salaries before they could fit their offer to Lance under the $ 81 million hard cap . The summer is set up to either be really exciting – with a major , core altering trade – or really disappointing – with Lance gone and C.J . Miles as his replacement . Then , we 'll have a better feel for the job Larry 's done this summer .
As the new Bellator management led by former Strikeforce President Scott Coker slowly implements their vision for the organization , incremental changes are taking place . The most recent is the release of thirteen fighters , including a former champion and several tournament champions . The news was confirmed to MMA Fighting by Bellator officials .
While most of the names involve fighters who had limited , largely unsuccessful runs in Bellator , the list crosses into fighters considered to be Bellator staples .
The official list of released fighters is as follows :
Attila Vegh , light heavyweight , won a 2012 tournament and was the Bellator light heavyweight champion before losing his title to Emanuel Newton in March of this year .
Des Green , featherweight , fought five times under the Bellator banner in two tournaments and was a finalist in the season 10 featherweight tournament .
Shahbulat Shamhalaev , featherweight , fought five times under the Bellator banner and won the season 7 tournament . He lost in the title opportunity he gained via first-round submission to Pat Curran in April of 2013 .
Bryan Baker , competed in Bellator since 2009 and in four tournaments .
Mighty Mo Siglia , heavyweight
Mark Godbeer , heavyweight
Justin Torrey , middleweight
Egidijus Valavicius , light heavyweight
Sergio Junior , welterweight
Rodney Wallace , light heavyweight
Ron Sparks , heavyweight
Patrick Cenoble , lightweight
Austen Heidlage , light heavyweight
No reason was specificed for their release .
ST. CATHARINES , ONT.—Faced with declining poll numbers and internal grumbling about a rocky campaign , Conservative Leader Stephen Harper acknowledged for the first time that his political rivals have gained ground and are a serious threat to his re-election bid . The Star has learned senior advisers on the Conservative campaign are taking a close look at what is not working , including reviewing a new raft of ads , and making changes to the campaign message , now pivoting to attack both the NDP 's Tom Mulcair and the Liberals ' Justin Trudeau at every turn .
Stephen Harper with supporters at a campaign stop in Mississauga Tuesday morning . ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Harper said Tuesday he believes he will win the most seats come election day and will win the right to form a Conservative government . “ But the reality is this is a real choice for Canadians , and an NDP government or a Liberal government are real possibilities , ” Harper said . As a result , the Conservative campaign has changed tack . Harper shifted his message in evening rallies warning voters not to test-drive or try out the other parties , saying a ballot choice should n't be viewed as offering a one-term gig , rather as a “ choice with lasting consequences for a generation . ”
Article Continued Below
At a campaign rally Tuesday night in St. Catharines , Harper said : “ People say let 's try the Liberals , let 's try the NDP , let 's try a change . What kind of change ? ” He compared it to buying a lottery ticket . “ You go out and buy a 6/49 ticket and if it does n't work out , you throw it away , you get on with your life , but if a national government goes off course as these guys are proposing with runaway spending , taxes and debt , all of its citizens lose and we will lose for a long time. ” But even as he made his case , Harper 's own tone changed . Several verbal stumbles in a stump speech he has made at every partisan rally hinted at an unusually rattled Harper . Earlier , he 'd been forced to defend his campaign manager Jenni Byrne after a CTV report blamed her for a campaign beset by poor vetting — with two GTA candidates dumped Monday for embarrassing behaviour caught on videotape — and a tone-deaf approach to issues like the Syrian refugee crisis .
Sources told the Star there are frayed nerves and lots of griping in the highest levels of the campaign . However , other Conservatives consistently put on a brave face , saying the party is confident of a win on Oct. 19 . Nevertheless , one new advertisement debuted Monday , with the Conservative campaign acknowledging Harper 's weaknesses . It 's not quite the sweater-vest campaign advisers urged Harper to wear in 2008 to soften his image .
Article Continued Below
The ad posted online on YouTube to promote Harper 's “ proven leadership ” ends with an older woman saying : “ Stephen Harper is n't perfect , but when it comes to the economy — we can depend on him. ” After a campaign announcement in Mississauga Tuesday morning attended by several GTA candidates , Harper gave a passing nod to the poor poll numbers , including a Nanos poll for CTV and the Globe and Mail that showed his party in third place , saying , “ I think that polls will serve to focus the mind. ” But he was clearly annoyed by a question about whether he 'd ask for or ever accept Byrne 's resignation given complaints . “ Look , I 'm not going to dignify those kinds of stories with a response , ” Harper said . Byrne is said to be upset by the anonymously delivered broadsides that emerged Monday night , and was not seen on the Harper campaign tour nor at headquarters Tuesday , sources said . Though the campaign still has six weeks to run , the tight polls of recent days have raised questions about the political landscape after election day . New Democrat Leader Thomas Mulcair said he wants Canadians to choose his party to form government on Oct. 19 , but he remains open to other arrangements . “ My priority is to defeat and replace Stephen Harper 's Conservatives . They have done enough harm as it is , and across the country there is a really strong , positive reaction to the NDP 's message for what we can accomplish together , ” Mulcair said Tuesday in Dorval , Que .
Asked whether he would be interested in forming a coalition government , Mulcair said the NDP has supported that in the past as a way to boot out the Conservative government . “ We , of course , have raised that issue any number of times . In 2008 , we went so far as to write a formal coalition agreement with the Liberals , but as you know , they turned up their nose on their own signature and seven years later , Stephen Harper is still there , ” Mulcair said . Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau says Canadians do n't want a coalition government if any of the parties fails to secure a majority on election day . Trudeau has been cool to the idea of a formal coalition with any of his political rivals if the fall election produces a minority government . During a stop in Amherst , N.S . Tuesday , he said Canadians do n't want one either . “ We will always be open to working with others , ” Trudeau said . “ But the fact is Canadians are n't interested in formal coalitions . Canadians want a clear government with a strong plan and come Oct. 19 , that 's exactly what they 're going to get if they vote for the Liberal party ” the Liberal leader said a morning stop . But Harper is now warning voters that both New Democrats and Liberals promise Canadians a “ swampland ” of billions in new spending that he says the country can not afford .
Read more about :
The Nationals celebrate the 13-12 win in Atlanta that helped turn their season around in late April Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images )
Thursday night 's game against the Cubs will be the Nationals ‘ 54th of the season , and will therefore complete the first third of the 2015 regular season . “ Eventful ” hardly describes the experience so far . “ Up and down ” would be euphemistic , too . Gloom threatened to settle over the Nationals in April . They blasted the gloom to glittering ashes in May and rose to the top of the division . They have lost two of their first three games in June , and are 29-24 .
In the nightly tumult , perspective disappears like chalk in the batter 's box when Yunel Escobar steps up to the plate . But arbitrarily dividing the season provides opportunities to redraw it . With that , a look at how this year 's Nationals compare to those of the past three seasons — 2012 's NLDS team , 2013 's busted hopefuls , and last season 's 96-win crew — a third of the way through those seasons .
THE RECORD
These Nationals are 29-24 . At this point in 2012 , they were 32-22 and about to cruise through June . In 2013 , they were 27-27 . Last year , they were 27-27 . In other words , record at this point in the season is hardly a predictor of anything .
THE DISABLED LIST
This season , injury-induced vertigo has disrupted the Nationals as they 've sought consistency . Jayson Werth returned for a time in May before being sidelined by a broken wrist , and Denard Span came back , too . Anthony Rendon did not . Stephen Strasburg and Doug Fister are on the DL , too , so the keystone rotation has been dislodged . At this time in 2012 , Werth was out with a broken wrist , but the rest of the lineup was largely intact . A third of the way through 2013 , Bryce Harper was on the disabled list with right knee bursitis that eventually required surgery the following offseason . A third of the way through last season , Harper was out with a thumb injury , and Wilson Ramos was out with a broken hand .
THE OFFENSE
Through the first two months of the season , the 2015 Nationals offense has been more productive than those in the previous three seasons . These Nationals hit .253 with 55 home runs and 228 runs scored in April and May . The 2014 Nationals hit .250 with 52 home runs and 222 runs scored , but struck out more than 30 more times . The 2013 Nationals hit .232 through two months , while the 2012 team hit .243 with 47 homers and 192 runs in its first two months . These Nationals are scoring more than the division winners before them , despite missing more hitters from their lineup than they did in those seasons .
THE ROTATION
Expectations for this Nationals rotation exploded when Max Scherzer joined it , and recent struggles and injuries aside , it has been one of the league 's best . Entering Wednesday , when Taylor Jordan scuffled in an eventual 8-0 loss , Washington starters combined for the second-best fielding independent pitching ( FIP ) in baseball — 3.33 . Only the Pirates ' had a lower one .
Through the first two months of the season , these starters have pitched to marginally worse numbers than last year 's had during the same span . They have a better record — 20-14 — than their predecessors . But they have a higher ERA ( 3.86 ) and fewer strikeouts per nine innings ( 7.77 ) than any of the three rotations before them . Last year at this time , the starters were 16-19 with a 3.80 ERA , striking out 8.19 men per nine innings . In 2013 , Nationals starters were pitching to a 3.41 ERA through two months , and a 20-22 record . In 2012 , the starters dominated early , pitching to a 2.95 ERA and a 19-14 record while striking out 8.52 men per nine innings . This year 's starters are winning more than previous groups , but so far are doing so with less convincing statistics than those in past seasons .
THE BULLPEN
The biggest difference between this year 's bullpen is that Tyler Clippard is not in it . Last year 's bullpen had a 2.17 ERA through two months in nearly 30 more innings than this year 's unit has handled . But this year 's bullpen is walking fewer batters ( 2.99 per nine innings ) than last year 's ( 3.20 per nine ) , and striking out about the same number ( 8.36 per nine this year as opposed to 8.57 last year ) .
Last year 's numbers are by far the best among Nats bullpens since 2012 , but this year 's young group is pitching similarly to those in 2012 and 2013 . Their 3.58 ERA is higher than the 3.19 the 2012 team had at this time , but lower than the 3.97 number in 2013 . Those 2.99 walks per nine are the fewest of the bunch . The 8.36 strikeouts per nine are right on par with 2012 ( 8.49 ) and 2014 .
Whatever it feels like , this year 's bullpen has not factored in more decisions — negative nor positive — than those before it . In 2012 , the bullpen was 10-8 in two months . In 2013 , 8-5 . Last year , Nationals relievers were 11-8 through two months . This year , they were 8-8 . The Nationals ' bullpen ranks in the top third in baseball in FIP ( 3.41 ) , and has not conceded much statistically to those from 2012 or 2013 .
IN THE POST
As Taylor Jordan struggled Wednesday , his offense left him out to dry .
IN THE JOURNAL
Jayson Werth hopes to be back with the team by August 1 , but he ca n't yet say whether or not that 's realistic .
Injury updates on Stephen Strasburg , Anthony Rendon , Doug Fister , and Nate McLouth
Bryce Harper and Max Scherzer win National League Player , Pitcher of the Month honors
NATIONALS MINOR LEAGUES
Louisville 4 , Syracuse 2 : Bruce Billings allowed one earned run in six innings and Jose Valverde pitched a scoreless seventh , but Louisville got to Mitch Lively for two runs to earn the win . Right fielder Caleb Ramsey and center fielder Darin Mastroianni had two hits each for Syracuse .
Harrisburg 2 , Akron 1 : In the first game of a doubleheader , the Senators won behind eight scoreless innings from Richard Bleier , who is a shutdown the Rubber Ducks by allowing seven hits and striking out one . Anthony Rendon doubled and third baseman Mario Lisson homered and drove in both Senators ' runs .
Akron 1 , Harrisburg 0 : James Simmons gave up one run in four innings but was the tough-luck loser in the Senators ' game two loss . Anthony Rendon , Brian Goodwin , and Shawn Pleffner had hits for Harrisburg .
Potomac : Off
Hagerstown 2 , Hickory 0 : Matt Purke tossed five scoreless innings and Drew Van Orden followed with two to shut out Hickory in the first game of a doubleheader . Center fielder Dale Carey and DH Osvaldo Abreu drove in runs for the Suns .
Hagerstown 3 , Hickory 1 : Luis Reyes allowed one earned run in five innings to lead the Suns , who got two hits from designated hitter Grant DeBruin .
Also published at AiPT !
“ The fate of this world falls to the King of Kings , his providence consecrated in the divine light… Provenience is the sole means to ending the immortal Accursed , a power greater than even the [ gods ] , purifying all by the light… Only at the throne can the Chosen receive it , and only at the cost of a life : his own . The King of Kings shall be granted the power to banish the darkness , but the blood price must be paid . ”
The decidedly Christian themes present throughout the central story arc of Final Fantasy XV are immediately evident in the exposition above . The title “ King of Kings , ” here referring to protagonist Noctis Lucis Caelum , is most closely associated with Christ in the biblical book of Revelation . “ Providence ” in theology , is God 's authoring of history according to His purposes and to an ultimately beneficent end . “ Light ” and “ Darkness ” bring mind to the Johannian books , particularly the prelude of the Gospel : “ In him was life , and the life was the light of men . The light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has not overcome it. ” The notion of the chosen one sacrificing his own life , particularly in order to impart payment by his blood , goes beyond the general messianic archetype common throughout fantasy , specifically drawing upon the doctrine of Vicarious Atonement and Anselm 's theory of a propitious satisfaction .
That Final Fantasy XV should draw so explicitly and heavily on religion in general or Christianity in particular is not in itself surprising . The series has a long history of such . What is surprising , however , is how amenably Final Fantasy XV 's treatment of Christian ideas and imagery proves , contra the criticism and subversion other entries employ , which led MatPat of Game Theory to declare “ Final Fantasy is Anti-Religion , ” and , as he evidences , antitheistic . In Final Fantasy II and Lightning Returns , the heroes save the world by committing deicide against Gods named Creator and Maker , respectively . In Final Fantasy VI , the antagonist Kefka becomes not merely representative of God , but the Christian belief system as a whole , his final form incorporating elements directly from Dante 's Divine Comedy and Michelangelo 's Pieta . Final Fantasy X is at its core a deconstruction of Christianity , it 's Church of Yevon ( read : Heaven ) being built on a lie , enforcing upon society a Luddite-like technophobia which hinders progress ; moreover , the notion that a sacrificial death is required to deal with the evil of Sin ( literally the villain 's name ) is dispelled , the would-be messiah Yuna ultimately rejecting the fate appointed her , freeing Spira from both the fear of Sin and the false religion peddling such .
Yet Final Fantasy XV far from represents a sudden conversion to Christianity on the part of its creators . Rather , its positive treatment of Western religion can be explained as merely one aspect of the game 's central motif : the celebration of Occidental culture . Albeit from a thoroughly Japanese perspective , wherein derives much of the game 's weirdness .
Final Fantasy XV 's love letter to westernness is appropriate given is mechanical distinctions from prior main entries in the series , specifically its embrace of western game design 's propensity for real-time , action-focused combat – the primary divide between Western and Japanese Role-Playing Games , more so than even their provenience . From that design goal , it is easy to imagine that the narrative and visual themes were chosen for their conformity with such .
Said visual themes are the first and most obvious occidental elements which players will notice upon starting the game . We first meet Noctis and his companions , Ignis , Gladiolus , and Prompto as they 're pushing their car down a sparse road set within a landscape reminiscent of the American Southwest . The gas station and roadside diner they soon arrive at is a veritable embodiment of ‘ 50s era Americana . In immersing myself within these foreigners ' breathtakingly beautiful rendition of my homeland , I was struck with the same specific sehnsucht as when reading of the road trip in Nabokov 's Lolita ( sans the sexually aggressive nymphet ; her name here is Iris , and she 's only introduced later in the story ) . Later , other areas of the hemisphere provide visual inspiration , such as the Pacific Northwestern-like Duscae or the Venetian-esque Altissia .
Similarly , the names of these places and their denizens are all occidental in origin , with the plurality taken directly from Latin , the mother tongue of Western civilization . The Kingdom of Lucis , as I noted in my review of Kingsglaive , gets its name from the Latin word for “ Light , ” with the name of its prince , Noctis Lucis Caelum , roughly translating “ The Light of the Night Sky ” ( at least I suspect that 's what Tabata et al were intending by it ) . The other protagonists have names even more indicative of their personalities and place in the story : the ever-knowledgeable adviser Ignis Scientia has a name conveying the character 's fiery intellect . The bodyguard/buddy Gladiolus Amicitia literally is Noctis ' “ Sword-Friend. ” And the mercurial Prompto Argentum has a name rightfully meaning “ Quicksilver . ”
That these specific characters with their particular personalities should be the game 's protagonists also derives from western thought , specifically Hippocrates long-embraced theory of the Four Humors : Chloric , Melancholic , Phlegmatic , and Sanguine . The precise contours of these categories have shifted seismically from the ancient too medieval to the modern age , so that the four friends would be classified differently depending on whose list of the temperaments is being referenced , but the basic notion of a fourfold division of personality types distinct from but complimentary to one another holds nevertheless . Though the writers likely did not have such in mind when crafting the characters , in my own mind I find it most convenient to compare them to the all-time classic quadruplet , the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle . By that reckoning , Prompto is clearly Michelangelo , Ignis is Donatello , Gladiolus Leonardo , and Noctis is fan-favorite Raphael . And insofar as their bond of brotherhood forms the foundation of Final Fantasy XV 's emotional weight , this perpetual paradigm in western thought is an essential cornerstone to the game 's thematic unity and creative success .
That this game seems to celebrate westerness so wholeheartedly does not , however , make it a western work . Final Fantasy XV is a game only a Japanese studio could have produced . This is partly due to apparent cultural misunderstandings . In the opening minutes , the allegedly-urbane Noctis remarks to Prompto that gas station at which they 'd arrived “ ought to be paradise for a technophile like you , ” as if the Japanese writers envisioned such out-of-the-way truck stops as cultural centers around which American city-dwellers come to congregate . Other cases are not a matter of misunderstanding , but rather different design sensibilities . The anime aesthetic of the characters , from their androgynous facial features to their ridiculously spiked hairstyles , represents a persistently present oriental element uniquely inconsistent with the otherwise entirely occidental visual motifs . Still , such flaws are aberrations in an otherwise truly fantastic game .
In its gameplay mechanics , narrative themes , and artistic direction , Final Fantasy XV is a work clearly enamored by and emulative of occidental culture . It is not unique in drawing from western works – the series owing more to Tolkien 's Legendarium and Dungeons & Dragons than any eastern influences – but is unique in its emphasis on and favorableness to the western world . While other entries were consistently critical of Christianity , Final Fantasy XV is so committed to embracing every aspect of occidental culture that for the first time ever it makes its protagonist an explicit Christ-figure without then subverting the messianic archetype . In that respect , XV shares much more in common with The Matrix or Superman than past Final Fantasies . Beyond that , Tabata and his team draw upon the Four Temperaments , Campbell 's Hero 's Journey , fairy-tales , and other such touchstones in the tradition of western storytelling . As a westerner myself , I find XV – among all the Final Fantasies – to be superlatively satisfying ; it is clearly appealing to my sensibilities , and absolutely succeeding in such .
Advertisements
They called it Wintel .
For decades , two companies worked side by side to build the very foundation of personal computing . Microsoft built the operating system—Windows—and Intel built the chips . But Wintel is no more . Sure , Windows will continue to run on Intel chips . But Wintel as a mighty alliance has died . It 's been fading for years , and this week Microsoft snuffed out the last of it .
On Wednesday , from a conference stage in Silicon Valley , Microsoft told the world it plans on using ARM chips in the servers that underpin Windows Azure , the sweeping collection of cloud computing services that represents the company 's future . It was the most tactical of announcements , a carefully considered collection of words meant to shift computing 's balance of power . Microsoft has yet to actually put ARM chips in the data centers that run Azure . It merely pledged that it would .
'We 've seen these kinds of announcements before . The question is : How ready is the technology ? ' Jason Waxman , Intel
`` All this is before we 've actually seen a chip , '' says Patrick Moorhead , the president and principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy , a firm that closely follows the chip business . In other words , this announcement is n't about technology—at least not yet . It 's little more than a push against Intel 's market power . Like Google and Amazon and others , it seems , Microsoft wants an added bargaining chip when buying computer chips from the biggest computer chipmaker on Earth . The question : will it get what it wants ?
With online empires like Google and Amazon running on open source Linux and the citizens of the world spending so much of their time on iPhones and Android , the Windows operating system is no longer dominant . At the same time , Intel 's influence has diminished : Most of those mobile devices use ARM chips from other companies . But in one market , Intel still rules . Google , Amazon , and most other online services still run on Intel chips . In fact , these chips drive 99 percent of the world 's computer servers . But Google and Amazon do n't quite like that reality . Now it 's clear that Microsoft does n't either .
The problem is n't so much technology as economics . If you run a large online service , Intel pretty much offers the only option for decent server chips . No real market competition exists to keep prices down . At the same time , Google , Amazon , and Microsoft build their own servers and negotiate their own chip prices in the process . Their online empires are so big , spanning hundreds of thousands of machines across the globe , they create chip markets unto themselves . By publicly pledging to use servers equipped with ARM processors from Qualcomm and Cavium , Microsoft is apparently looking for leverage when negotiating chip prices with Intel . `` That sounds plausible to me , '' says Intel vice president Jason Waxman .
Consider this : In 2012 , Intel vice president Diane Bryant told WIRED that Google bought more server chips from Intel than all but four other companies . And the other four actually sell servers . Google does not . It only builds servers for itself . As such , internet giants like Google represent the future of Intel 's server business—and indeed the entire server business . Sure , Intel will continue to sell chips to other companies . But increasingly , other companies run their operations on the cloud servers of Google , Amazon , and Microsoft .
Pulling Levers
In theory , ARM server chips could also help Microsoft save money on electricity . Based on the same chip designs used in your smartphone , these processors use relatively little power . Across a worldwide network of data centers , those savings that can make a big difference . But that difference does n't mean much now , since viable ARM server chips do n't really exist . Qualcomm and Cavium are `` sampling '' their chips , which means they 've built test versions . But both tell WIRED they wo n't have finished chips until the end of the year .
As Microsoft makes its chess move , you ca n't overlook the reality of that the silicon is n't finished . Google made a similar move about 18 months ago , publicly announcing that it would work to build servers around IBM 's OpenPower chip , another alternative to Intel . This move too was a way to gain leverage against Intel , after online giants publicly professed their interest in alternative server chips for years . But Intel still controls 99 percent of the market . `` We 've seen these kinds of announcements before , '' says Intel 's Waxman . `` The question is : How ready is the technology ? ''
Google and Microsoft may want added competition in the chip market , but that does n't happen without many years of work . Intel controls 99 percent of the market because it has a mature technology that can run all the server software companies like Google and Microsoft require . Even if chipmakers like Qualcomm and Cavium build viable server chips , the market wo n't really enjoy real competition until a broader community of companies builds the foundational software that allows these chips to operate in the real world .
For Microsoft , this poses a particular problem . Unlike the rest of the big players , which use Linux , Microsoft still runs Windows in its data centers . While other companies have long worked to get Linux running on ARM server chips , Microsoft 's switch would represent the first effort with Windows . It ca n't really benefit from what others have done—a common problem for Microsoft in world that revolves around open source software . Yes , Microsoft vice president Jason Zander tells WIRED that the company is already years into this project , that it would n't be revealing the effort if it were n't on solid ground . But at the very least , it 's a year until anyone will know how solid .
The glory days of Wintel have passed . Microsoft wants to move on . But that may take a while .
CANDY CORN CANINE
❮❮ Newer Download | Full View Older ❯❯ Submission © 2016 Puppenstein Scraps
CANDY CORN CANINE - by Puppenstein Submission information :
Posted :
Category : All
Theme : All
Species : Dog
Gender : Any
Favorites : 8
Comments : 5
Views : 813
Image Specifications :
Resolution : 900x900
Keywords :
canine candy corn halloween auction
Made this li ' l guy since it 's just the start of October here !
=RULES=
-Payment must be made via paypal in USD .
-If you want to place a bid , reply to the last bidder . You will NOT be counted if you do not .
-Please only bid if you are 100 % comitted .
-You can note me for anonymous bids .
=WINNER GETS=
-High-res and textless image .
-ALL rights to the character .
-Extra stuff you can get if you reach a tier !
=THE AUCTION=
-SB : 10 $
-AB : N/A
-MINIMUM BID INCREASE : 5 $
AUCTION WILL END OCTOBER 24 UTC+08:00 ( Philippines )
=BIDDING TIERS=
-20 $ A sketch of the character .
-35 $ Will ink + flat color .
-45 $ Will add shading with a simple background .
-55 $ Will do a simple Reference sheet ( Front and back view )
-75 $ Will do a complete Reference sheet ( Front and back view + 2 chibis )
If the bid manages to pass the last tier , I can add some extras depending on the amount !
Arkansas Lands Loaded TV Schedule For SEC Play
Season Tickets | 2017-18 Schedule : PDF | Web
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark . – The Southeastern Conference released game times and television networks for the 2018 men 's basketball schedule on Wednesday afternoon , featuring all 18 Arkansas league games on national television .
The Razorbacks are slated to play on ESPN or ESPN2 eight times so far in 2017-18 , including five of those coming inside Bud Walton Arena . Arkansas will be featured on SEC Network 10 times and ESPNU twice as part of the league 's television partnership with ESPN .
The only conference tip-off time not announced is the league opener against Tennessee on Saturday , Dec. 30 , as the SEC will wait for bowl announcements to avoid head-to-head matchups between school 's football and basketball teams .
Games on ESPN/2
• Nov. 23 » vs. Oklahoma
• Jan. 13 » Missouri
• Jan. 17 » at Florida
• Jan. 27 » Oklahoma State
• Feb. 6 » South Carolina
• Feb. 17 » Texas A & M
• Feb. 20 » Kentucky
• March 3 » at Missouri
Saturday Tip Times in BWA
• Dec. 30 » Tennessee » TBA
• Jan. 13 » Missouri » 5 p.m .
• Jan. 20 » Ole Miss » 2:30 p.m .
• Jan. 27 » Oklahoma State » 5 p.m .
• Feb. 10 » Vanderbilt » 7:30 p.m .
• Feb. 17 » Texas A & M » 3 p.m .
Season Tickets
The Razorback Ticket Center is currently accepting requests for 2017-18 Men 's Basketball Season Tickets . Seats will be assigned by Razorback Foundation guidelines with season ticket prices ranging from $ 300 to $ 450 . To purchase tickets call 1-800-982-4647 or click here .
SEC Tournament
The SEC Network will televise the first three days of the SEC Basketball Tournament ( March 7‐11 ) from Scottrade Center in St. Louis , Mo . The semifinals and championship game will be broadcast nationally on ESPN . Arkansas has advanced to the championship game in two of the last three seasons , as it goes for its second SEC Tournament championship in 2018 .
Non-Conference TV
The Southeastern conference will announce the non-conference television package at a later date .
2017-18 Razorback Basketball SEC Schedule
Poll : US Adults Think Video Games Lead To Violence But Ca n't Be Bothered To Understand ESRB Ratings
from the wait , -what ? dept
It just keeps coming . More and more news items are hitting my eyeballs and ears about violence and video games . We recently discussed the problem with polling adults over this issue , where a giant age-rift still exists amongst gaming habits and that rift appeared to be tossed out for the purposes of the poll in question . Polls like that might be laughable at first , but when you begin to see misplaced legislation introduced by politicians kowtowing to the results , we 've got a problem . But let 's take it one possibly controversial step further and ask an important question regarding these polls : do Americans generally have any credibility on the question at all ?
Polls like this recent Harris poll , where over half of American adults link violence and video games , make me question whether that is the case . The problem I have is n't that specific result . If half of Americans think there 's a link , that 's their right . I can disagree with it , but I wo n't quibble with their right to believe . No , my problem is the results of the follow-up questions regarding the ESRB rating system .
Two thirds of US adults said they used the ESRB system to help them decide which games were suitable for their children , although only 14 percent claimed to fully understand what the guidelines meant . 18 percent of adult said they mostly , but not completely understood the ESRB ratings system .
To highlight the absurdity of the respondents , one needs only place all this in a single sentence . Over half of adults believe violence and video games are linked , two thirds of them use an ESRB system , which less than 80 % even claim tounderstand , to decide which games to buy for their children . This is n't to say that the ESRB rating convention is n't without its problems , but come on . If half of adults think there 's a link between , but ca n't be bothered tounderstand the rating system ( which isn'tcomplicated ) , then there 's a disconnect somewhere . Either adults do n't actually think the link exists , or else they do n't really consider the link to be all that important.Either way , it does n't speak to the credibility of the American public on the issue , which is sad .
Filed Under : adults , esrb , esrb ratings , parents , ratings , video games , violence
( CNN ) -- Gun control supporting candidates facing tight races for governor in Connecticut and Maryland are the beneficiaries of a last-minute ad buy from former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
Bloomberg 's group , Independence USA PAC , is supporting pro-gun control candidates like Democratic Gov . Dan Malloy in Connecticut and Democratic Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown in Maryland , both of whom are locked in tight races to lead their states .
Gun control is a `` simmering issue '' in these states , said Bloomberg spokesman Stu Loeser . Historically , the PAC has donated to both Democrats and Republicans supporting `` common sense '' gun control in an attempt to stave off the gun lobby and tie pro-gun candidates to the National Rifle Association .
In Connecticut , the group hopes that support for gun control will emerge as a salient theme for voters in the wake of the state 's Sandy Hook massacre in December 2012 , where 20 young children and 6 adults were shot and killed at an elementary school . The newest ads there target Malloy 's opponent , Republican challenger Tom Foley .
`` The NRA praises Tom Foley , calling him pro-gun , '' a voice in a new Connecticut ad says . `` No wonder . The NRA opposes comprehensive background checks . And Foley promised he 'd sign a bill to weaken them , undermining our gun safety laws . ''
The Foley campaign did not immediately return CNN 's request to respond to Bloomberg 's efforts .
This is the second ad buy in Connecticut in the past week : Television watchers also might have noticed another gun control ad which launched Friday from the group . Loeser said these ad buys represent an attempt to make sure gun control stays on the agenda in these states .
`` The public safety bills that were passed in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre -- which have overwhelming support -- are an issue for discussion , '' Loeser said . `` One of the things that Independence USA is able to do is help highlight issues particularly in expensive media markets like New York City that might otherwise get swept under the rug . ''
The group has plans to spend $ 1.7 million in the state in its support for Malloy , who signed a gun control law in 2013 which expanded background checks and banned sales of some weapons like the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle , which was used in the Sandy Hook massacre .
Foley took a stand against Malloy 's measures in an August gubernatorial debate , calling his moves `` grandstanding '' and `` overreaching . '' He has also said he would repeal Malloy 's gun control legislation .
Four years ago , Malloy narrowly fended off Foley by less than one percentage point in their 2010 battle for the governor 's office . The candidates are tied in the most recent poll from CBS/New York Times/YouGov .
In Maryland , Brown holds a substantial lead over his opponent , Republican Larry Hogan . But the race has drawn the attention of national headliners : Republican New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie has stumped in the state for Hogan , while top Democrats like President Obama and the Clintons have appeared for Brown .
Bloomberg -- a noted philanthropist and media magnate boasting a net worth of $ 34 billion -- has pledged to spend $ 25 million through his political action committee to raise awareness on gun control across the country . Shortly after the Newtown shootings , he made a sizable donation to Americans for Responsible Solutions , a fundraising group run by former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . The former congresswoman survived gun wounds to her head after an attempted assassination attempt in January 2011 .
With polling places officially open in Connecticut and Maryland in just a week , Bloomberg 's group is focused on Election Day .
`` We take these elections one at a time , '' Loeser said .
At least 34 civilians were killed on Sunday when Russian warplanes targeted ferries carrying them across the Euphrates River near Syria 's eastern city of Deir Ezzor , a monitor said .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group initially reported 21 deaths in Russian air strikes but later raised the toll to 34 , saying that “ more bodies have been found in the river ” .
Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said nine children were among those killed fleeing fighting and that “ dozens ” of people were wounded in the strikes .
He said the raids targeted “ more than 40 ferries ” that had left Al-Boulil town southwest of Deir Ezzor city for the eastern shore of the river .
The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria , and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type , location , flight patterns and munitions used .
Moscow intervened in Syria in September 2015 in support of its ally President Bashar al-Assad .
Sunday 's reported raids came as Syrian troops pressed an offensive against the militant Islamic State ( IS ) group members across Deir Ezzor province with Russian air cover .
At the same time , an alliance of US-backed Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighters is also on the move against IS in Deir Ezzor .
The Syrian Democratic Forces on Saturday announced they had begun clearing IS militants from areas east of the Euphrates , which cuts diagonally across the province .
On Sunday , the Observatory said fighters from the SDF 's Deir Ezzor Military Council ( DEMC ) had made a sweeping advance , capturing territory just kilometres ( miles ) from the provincial capital Deir Ezzor .
LunarG LunarG received funding from Valve to explore the possibility of game performance improvements using the LunarGLASS technology in the Mesa driver , specifically the potential for FPS improvements through shader runtime improvements . LunarGLASS includes the glslang frontend and the LLVM compiler component as well additional modifications to make LLVM suitable for shader compilation .
The main component developed for this effort was a translator from LunarGLASS Bottom IR to Mesa GLSL IR . This allows all Mesa backends which consume Mesa GLSL IR to potentially benefit from this technology , including i965 .
Valve really do seem to be the champions of Linux right now . Even if you do n't like Steam you can not deny just how much they have done for our ecosystem already . The latest effort is to improve Mesa.You can see a .pdf full of slides with more information on it here They have funded LunarG to conduct test and write code for `` Glassy Mesa '' to improve the Mesa open source graphics project.They mentioned tests on Left 4 Dead 2 that showed a 15 % -22 % improvement which for graphics performance is in my eyes a massive change and I really hope something comes out of this . Although this is only from a couple of random samples taken , so it may not indicate such a good improvement overall.The crazy thing is this took only 10 weeks to achieve by one person . Imagine if this work kept up and all the distributions picked it up . We could really get ahead of other operating systems graphical performance , and I am sure we can all agree that would be great.See the full post on it here . For the code geeks amongst us it 's all available to check out on github The slides do note there is much work to be done , so it 's probably still some ways away from being included into Mesa itself for distributions to pick up.We have contacted LunarG to keep us updated on this .
The U.S. Federal Reserve , after pushing Wall Street firms since the financial crisis to reduce risk in the $ 2-trillion-plus short-term lending arena known as repo , has quietly become the market 's biggest player .
Repo loans , technically called repurchase agreements , have been used for more than a century by Wall Street firms and traders to buy bonds with borrowed money , under a strategy designed to multiply returns . The market is so vital that Lehman Brothers ' loss of repo financing in 2008 helped drive that firm into bankruptcy .
Now , the Fed has moved in , using a two-year-old program that allows it to borrow cash through repos from money-market fund operators like Fidelity and BlackRock ( BLK ) . Last month , the central bank 's repo borrowings shot up to almost $ 600 billion , a 14-fold increase from September 2008 .
While Fed officials have described the repo program as temporary , and a way to control short-term interest rates , experts worry the central bank 's role wo n't diminish soon , and that in the meantime pricing in short-term lending markets is getting distorted . The money funds , for their part , have grown comfortable using the Fed as an easy place to park cash for a profit .
`` I do n't think you can talk about this market without talking abut the Fed , '' said James Tabacchi , CEO of South Street Securities , a New York-based brokerage that specializes in repos . `` They are the 800-pound gorrilla in the room . They provide a lot of support . ''
In September , some 60 % of all money-market fund repo deals backed by U.S. Treasuries were with the Fed , according to the Office of Financial Research . Prior to 2014 , when the Fed set up its repo program , the biggest counterparties were European banks like Barclays ( BCS ) , BNP Paribas ( BNPQY ) and Credit Agricole ( CRARY ) .
It 's a paradoxical twist , given that Fed regulators in recent years have pushed Wall Street firms to reduce their risk from repos .
A Fed spokesman did n't respond to a request for comment .
Ever since Lehman 's bankruptcy , the Fed has fretted that the market could serve as a conduit for spreading devastating losses across Wall Street . If another large bank or brokerage firm ever defaulted , its repo lenders could seize the underlying collateral -- mostly Treasury bonds and other government-backed securities . They then would have to sell those bonds to recoup the cash ; the fear is that these `` fire sales '' -- quick liquidations at a deep discount -- could crater the broader market .
The central bank has pressed Bank of New York Mellon ( BK ) , a key processor of repos , to tighten up its trade-settlement procedures , while pushing Wall Street firms to mull additional measures to cut risk in the market .
Yet as recently as July , researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York lamented in an academic paper that there are `` no established tools '' to mitigate the risk of fire sales following a big default .
The Fed 's own repo program , officially known as the Overnight Reverse Repurchase Agreement Facility , was set up as an extension of the unconventional monetary policies initiated under former Chairman Ben Bernanke following the financial crisis . Years of quantitative easing swelled central-bank assets to $ 4.5 trillion , leaving so much extra money in the financial system that controlling the benchmark federal funds rate became unwieldy .
The new program gave the central bank a way to mop up extra cash from money-market funds and retake control of benchmark rates . The strategy has worked , helping the Fed to keep rates within the current targeted range of 0.25 % to 0.5 % .
The side effect is that the Fed now dominates the repo market .
`` They 've become a very large player in a very short period of time , and that creates a market distortion that I view as undesired , '' said Josh Galper , a repo-market expert at Finadium , a consultancy in Concord , Mass . `` It crowds out private-sector players and it distorts pricing . ''
The Fed currently offers an annualized rate of 0.25 % to money-market funds that lend money through the repo program . It effectively sets a floor , since the money funds have little incentive to lend out money at a lower rate ; and with the Fed as the borrower , there 's zero risk of not getting paid back .
There 's also a convenience factor , according to Debbie Cunningham , chief investment officer for global money markets at the $ 364 billion asset manager Federated Investors ( FII ) .
`` The Fed 's program is very easy , '' Cunningham said . `` It takes a lot of work otherwise to call 40 other counterparties . ''
She says she takes the Fed at its word that the program is temporary -- with a qualifier . `` It 's temporary in the context of talking about our kids ' kids , '' she said .
Even very lean women can have a little “ pooch ” on their lower bellies .
Check out these bikini models that have what my daughter calls a “ pooch ” :
These models are lean , heck – you can see their ribs !
So what causes that little bulge in the lower belly ?
Is it something they ate hanging around in their digestive system ? Maybe . Grains , even whole grains , can bind up in your intestines and cause bloating . ( More on that here : Beat The Belly Bulge )
But if your diet is on point , you 're lean , you 're working hard… What can cause the pooch ?
Simple : tight hip flexors .
The muscles that cross the front of your hips can get really tight and pull you into what we exercise science types call an “ anterior pelvic tilt . ”
This forward tilt pulls your low back out of alignment . Look at the diagram below on the left , it shows what happens when your low back is pulled forward :
Whoa ! In the lordosis ( “ swayback ” ) picture the lower belly is pooched out !
Even on someone very lean having a swayback can give you a lower belly pooch . Here is a skinny kid that manages to look like he has a belly :
In the title of this blog post I promised one exercise that would end lower belly pooch . And here it is : The humble hip flexor stretch
This stretch will bring your hips back to where they should be , ease forward pressure on your lower back , and dial back the lower belly bulge .
Here is an example of someone with forward tilted hips ( from tight hip flexors ) . Notice the slight bulge :
And here is the same girl without the forward hip lean . Notice that she is n't sucking in her stomach or flexing her abs , just fixing her hips and low back :
Pretty cool , huh !
So if your diet is straight-on and you 're looking for that last little edge on getting rid of lower belly bulge , try the 3 way hip flexor stretch twice a day , for 30 seconds in each position .
And say bye-bye to the lower belly bulge !
( If you want a few exercises to tighten things up even more , check out this program : Turbulence Training For A Flat Belly )
In response to Supreme Court 's proposal to pay Rs 10,000 crore to secure a conditional bail , Sahara chief Subrata Roy 's lawyer submitted that they were unable to pay the amount . The lawyers said it was virtually impossible to deposit the large sum to Sebi for his release . They also alleged that the apex court was biased against their client .
The apex court adjourned the hearing for a week . This would mean Roy would remain in the jail for atleast one more week .
The Supreme Court had on asked Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy to deposit Rs 10,000 crore with the market regulator SEBI for his release on interim bail from judicial custody .
The apex court bench of Justice K.S . Radhakrishnan and Justice J.S . Khehar said that of the Rs 10,000 crore , Rs 5,000 crore would be deposited in cash , and the balance Rs.5,000 crore would be furnished through a bank guarantee .
The court declined to water down its orders as the Sahara Group counsel expressed inability to raise such a huge amount while Roy was in jail .
Sahara Group on Tuesday submitted a fresh repayment plan to the Supreme Court . Sahara proposed to pay Rs 7000 crore by the end of March 2015 in installments . The company assured SC that it would pay Rs 2,500 crore within 3-4 working days .
It also said it would pay three instalments of Rs 3,500 cr each at the end of June , September and December , rest of the money by March 31 , 2015 .
However , the apex court has refused to consider Sahara 's fresh proposal .
( With PTI inputs )
Thousands of brightly colored , small red crabs have washed up on beaches near San Diego over the past few weeks .
The tiny red crabs — called tuna crabs or pelagic red crabs — usually live in the waters off the west coast of Baja California , the Gulf of California and the California current , according to the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , so it is unusual that they would venture as far north as San Diego .
See also : 2015 is likely to beat 2014 as the warmest year on record
“ Typically such strandings of these species in large numbers are due to warm water intrusions , ” Linsey Sala , collection manager for the Pelagic Invertebrates Collection at Scripps , said in a statement .
Crab populations along some beaches are so thick that they resemble a `` big red blanket , '' Orange County lifeguards chief Jason Young told the Orange County Register . Young also told the Register that he last saw these crabs in 1997 , about the same time as the last substantial El Niño — a climate event that features above average ocean temperatures in the tropical Pacific Ocean , including near the Baja coast .
Sea surface temperatures are about 4 to 7 degrees milder than average , which could be driving the tiny crabs to the north , according to the Washington Post .
These kinds of crabs live their whole lives in the water column , rather than living part of their lives on land , like many other crabs do , Scripps said . Adult tuna crabs can live just above the sea floor and go up the water column , toward the surface to eat phytoplankton .
`` Because they live in the water column , they are subject to the winds , tides , and currents , '' Scripps said .
If you do happen to run across one of these tuna crabs ( or 1,000 of them ) do n't think that they 're a free meal . Scripps warns that some of these little crustaceans contain toxins .
An “ urgent review ” of the multi-million pound Leeds to Bradford cycle superhighway is being called for – just hours before it is scheduled to open .
Conservative group leader Coun Andrew Carter claims residents ' complaints over the flagship route from Seacroft to Bradford mean Leeds City Council should review the project and state how it fits in with the city 's transport aims .
His comments , to be made as part of a White Paper Motion to full council today , come before the Leeds city centre to Bradford section of the cycleway is declared open tomorrow .
Initially billed as a “ highway to health ” , the route is a major part of the £29million City Connect scheme that was approved as Leeds hosted the Tour de France Grand Depart in 2014 .
The City Connect project also includes an upgrade of the Kirkstall to Shipley canal towpath , more cycle parking and a community cycle hub .
In his address to full council , Coun Carter will call for “ an urgent review of this project and how it fits with wider transport aims such as road safety and the overall ambitions of the city ” .
The City Connect route in Stanningley Road , Leeds . Picture by James Hardisty .
The Leeds city centre to Bradford section of the 23km route , which was originally due to open in the spring , has already attracted criticism . The remaining Seacroft to Leeds city centre section is scheduled to open around July 18 .
Ken Spence , a consultant at planning firm Transport Initiatives , cycled sections of the unfinished route in April and said the design could “ set cycling back rather than forward ” .
He found areas where paths around bus stops were 75cm wide and put riders in conflict with pedestrians as well as sections where riders were expected to negotiate sharp , angled corners .
“ If any cyclists do use it , which is debatable , they will be a real hazard to pedestrians , in particular to bus users , ” he said .
The real test is how it works when it is open , which neither Coun Carter nor I have seen yet . Coun Richard Lewis , Leeds City Council 's executive member for transport .
“ Everywhere where there is a conflict point , like a junction , bus stop or crossing , they have pretty much bottled it in providing the real space that 's needed . ”
Roger Geffen MBE , of the Cycling UK charity , described the design as a “ compelling case for national design standards to ensure that funds earmarked for cycling are not wasted ” .
Coun Richard Lewis , the council 's executive member for transport , said all parties will look to learn lessons from the superhighway – as with any major project .
Stating that the project would move forward the council 's ambition to get people travelling in a healthy and sustainable way , he said : “ The real test is how it works when it is open , which neither Coun Carter nor I have seen yet . ”
City Connect , a scheme by Leeds and Bradford councils and the West Yorkshire Combined Authority , claims the route will give cyclists “ good visual priority ” at 166 of 168 junctions . A spokeswoman said : “ It will provide a genuine alternative for people travelling into Leeds and Bradford – a safe and direct segregated route where before there was a heavily congested main road with no provision for cycling . ”
Phase two of City Connect has already been awarded £22m from the Department for Transport , and that figure has been added to by £8m of contributions from West Yorkshire and York .
The improvements will include a 7km superhighway to the north and south of Leeds city centre and improved links in Wakefield , Bradford , Huddersfield and York over the next two years .
SMITHS FALLS , ON , June 24 , 2017 /CNW/ - Earlier this week , Canopy Growth Corporation ( TSX : WEED ) ( `` Canopy Growth '' or the `` Company '' ) provided a global operational update to keep shareholders and other stakeholders apprised of operational developments as they relate to international milestones and innovative new product types . With a rapidly growing medical market in Canada , increasing international demand profiles and the fast-approaching move towards an adult-use access market in Canada , a reliable , diversified and exponentially larger footprint will be essential .
With a track record of building and operating the largest sites in Canada and already overseeing the largest diversified network of sites , including over 500,000 square feet of GMP-certified indoor and greenhouse facilities , Canopy Growth is pleased to announce the first in a series of capacity announcements and expansion plans .
THE HIGHLIGHTS ( FROM WEST TO EAST ) :
Agreement with Goldman Holdings , Ltd. ( `` Goldman Group '' ) pursuant to previously announced MOU to begin build-out and licensing process for a 160,000 square foot indoor facility in Edmonton , Alberta .
. Cultivation license obtained at the Yorkton , Saskatchewan -based Tweed Grasslands ( rTrees Producers Limited or `` rTrees '' ) facility .
-based Tweed Grasslands ( rTrees Producers Limited or `` rTrees '' ) facility . Retrofit and expansion at the Mettrum Bowmanville , Ontario facility now completed and licensed , adding 200 % more production capacity at that facility .
facility now completed and licensed , adding 200 % more production capacity at that facility . The previously announced supply agreement and sale of Mettrum ( Bennett North ) Ltd. ( `` Bennett North '' ) to Cannabis Care Canada , backed by LiUNA , North America 's single largest construction union with over 100,000 Canadian members , is progressing with closing anticipated shortly .
) Ltd. ( `` Bennett North '' ) to Cannabis Care Canada , backed by LiUNA , single largest construction union with over 100,000 Canadian members , is progressing with closing anticipated shortly . Expansion at our flagship 1 Hershey Drive Campus in Smiths Falls continues with licensing of 33 % more flowering space , licensed and launched production of industrial scale CO2 super-critical extraction , and construction is underway in the remaining 300,000 square foot North Campus area .
continues with licensing of 33 % more flowering space , licensed and launched production of industrial scale CO2 super-critical extraction , and construction is underway in the remaining 300,000 square foot North Campus area . Entered into an agreement to acquire a 100,000 sq . ft. facility in Fredericton , New Brunswick with the intention of launching a Tweed facility for indoor production in New Brunswick .
Our ongoing mission is to build the brands and products that people want , and to support those brands with the necessary capacity footprint to satisfy all the customers who trust our family of companies for their cannabis . Canopy Growth is committed to prioritizing patient access over recreational sales but that does n't change its plans to pursue recreational markets in Canada or any other federally legal jurisdiction .
Through its subsidiaries , Canopy Growth has overseen hundreds of harvests across multiple facilities . Management believes it has an unparalleled ability to forecast production capacity in the industry . As we release more information on our expansion plans , we will begin to paint the picture of how our footprint will position us for future global demand .
ADDITIONAL DETAILS
Smith Falls Campus – Main Building : The 40 acre Smiths Falls Campus at 1 Hershey Drive is the Company 's largest indoor location and will continue to act as the strategic hub for innovation , consumer shipping , and multi-format value-add conversion activities . But we still do a lot of growing there and are pleased to announce the recent licensing of 33 % more flowering space .
Additionally , to support increased demand across all oil-based products , a custom-built industrial extraction system is now commissioned and operational in the Smiths Falls facility . The new system is capable of producing as much oil in approximately 1 month as the Company has produced since extraction activities commenced in November 2015 . This is a major step forward and will lead to increased product availability across multiple brands in the short term once fully ramped up .
Smith Falls Campus – North Campus : Another 300,000 square feet of production space is currently in the early stages of demolition and construction at the North Campus area of our site . The future space , subject to Health Canada approval , is expected to support additional growing and vault capacity , production of value add products for the evolving adult access market , when permitted , office administration space and a return of the famous Visitor Centre at the Smiths Falls Hershey Drive campus .
Tweed Grasslands : Canopy Growth is pleased to announce that Tweed Grasslands ( rTrees ) in Yorkton-Saskatchewan has become its sixth licensed production site , having received its cultivation license . Production will begin next month to support increased demand from medical patients around the world . The Grasslands facility will be fully operational by early summer 2018 .
New Edmonton Facility Planned : Canopy Growth has leveraged a previously announced MOU with Goldman Group to expand its footprint into Edmonton , Alberta with a 160,000 square foot facility that , per the terms of the MOU , will be leased to Canopy Growth by Goldman Group with an option to purchase the facility at the end of each 5-year quarter of the 20-year lease . The transaction is expected to close August 1 , with the existing tenants vacating October 1 , 2017 . As always , licensing is contingent upon Health Canada and municipal approvals .
Main Bowmanville Facility : The Mettrum Bowmanville facility has received approval for additional flowering rooms , a 200 % increase over current production capabilities . These rooms are coming online in tandem with the completion of retrofit work on the existing rooms following the acquisition of Mettrum by Canopy Growth .
Fredericton , New Brunswick : Canopy Growth has entered into an agreement to acquire a 100,000 sq . ft. facility in Fredericton , New Brunswick with the intention of launching a Tweed facility for indoor production in New Brunswick .
Vert Cannabis Drummondville Site : The Vert Cannabis application in St. Lucien , Quebec continues to advance through the Health Canada application process and is ready for inspection .
Mettrum ( Bennett North ) : Per the previously announced transaction with Cannabis Care Canada Inc. ( `` CCC '' ) outlining the sale of Mettrum ( Bennett North ) to CCC , the transaction is progressing and is expected to close shortly . The announcement was originally made prior to Canopy Growth acquiring Mettrum Health Corp. and has proceeded as planned following that acquisition .
CCC is financially backed by Laborers International Union of North America ( `` LiUNA '' ) , North America 's single largest construction union with over 100,000 Canadian members . Under the terms of the agreement , CCC will pay $ 7 million in cash to acquire Bennett North and enter into a three-year Supply Agreement with CGC . As part of the transaction , CCC will assume all outstanding obligations associated with Bennett North .
Canopy Growth subsidiaries , working in conjunction with CCC , will begin working directly with LiUNA local chapters in the near future to support members ' needs .
Scarborough Sites : Canopy Growth continues to explore partnership opportunities for the original Bedrocan Canada distribution-only licensed site , and production continues at the main Scarborough location .
Here 's to ( a lot of ) Future Growth ( across Canada ) .
ABOUT CANOPY GROWTH CORPORATION
Canopy Growth is a world-leading diversified cannabis company , offering distinct brands and curated cannabis varieties in dried , oil and capsule forms . Through its wholly‑owned subsidiaries , Canopy Growth operates numerous state-of-the-art production facilities with over half a million square feet of GMP-certified indoor and greenhouse production capacity , all to an unparalleled level of quality assurance procedures and testing . Canopy Growth has established partnerships with leading sector names in Canada and abroad , with interests and operations spanning four continents . The Company is proudly dedicated to educating healthcare practitioners , providing consistent access to high quality cannabis products , conducting robust clinical research , and furthering the public 's understanding of cannabis . For more information visit www.canopygrowth.com .
NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This news release contains forward-looking statements . Often , but not always , forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as `` plans '' , `` expects '' or `` does not expect '' , `` is expected '' , `` estimates '' , `` intends '' , `` anticipates '' or `` does not anticipate '' , or `` believes '' , or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions , events or results `` may '' , `` could '' , `` would '' , `` might '' or `` will '' be taken , occur or be achieved . Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results , performance or achievements of Canopy Growth Corporation , Tweed Inc. , Tweed Farms Inc. , Mettrum Health Corp. , or Bedrocan Canada Inc. to be materially different from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements . Examples of such statements include future operational and production capacity , the impact of enhanced infrastructure and production capabilities , and forecasted available product selection . The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date of this news release and Canopy Growth Corp. does not undertake an obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect new information , subsequent events or otherwise unless required by applicable securities legislation .
Neither the TSX Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
SOURCE Canopy Growth Corporation
For further information : Jordan Sinclair , Director of Communications , Jordan @ canopygrowth.com , 613-769-4196 ; Tyler Burns , Investor Relations , Tyler.burns @ canopygrowth.com , 855-558-9333 ex 122 , Director : Bruce Linton , tmx @ canopygrowth.com
Related Links
http : //canopygrowth.com/
`` She 's your sister now , alright Elsa ? ''
Elsa opened her eyes . The same room she had known for her entire life danced across her vision and made her sigh heavily as she started to wake from her slumber . It was cold , as usual , and snowflakes floated across her room . `` Again .. ? '' Elsa whined as she sat up to explore the damage she had caused her poor room .
The room was filled with ice and snow , nothing less of the snow queen . Elsa immediately raised her hand and clenched it tight , causing the snow to disperse at once . The Queen smiled and closed her eyes once more , hoping she could fall back into a deep sleep as she had been before the abrupt awakening of her dream .
That dream , so many times it had played over and over again but still Elsa found no solution to it . That dream of her as a small child , her papa talking to her slowly and kind . The dream she could remember bit by bit until she opened her eyes for the first time every morning . That dream she had about a time long ago when Anna and she were so little .
`` Anna .. '' Elsa whispered out into the quiet room . As if in response to the Queen , a loud knock rang out and caused Elsa to sit up in her bed . `` Queen Elsa… ? '' a voice called ; a servant . `` Yes ? '' Elsa replied , getting up from her bed . She knew exactly why they had knocked on her door , knowing her typical days ' work it was usually a meeting of some sort . `` Queen Elsa , our neighboring kingdom is here to visit with you…about a trade question I assume . '' The servant said in an almost annoyed tone .
Elsa smiled ; she knew how much the staff hated early visitors . `` I 'll be out soon , please put some tea on for our guests . '' She asked and scurried towards her dresser to pick out her typical garments . She could hear the footsteps of the servant echo down the hallway , hurried of course to attend the guests . `` The dream will have to wait .. '' Elsa thought aloud , unsure when she would get another chance to think this freely and calmly for the day .
Throwing on her typical blue dress , long and warm , Elsa quickly dressed to play the part of the graceful Queen she was known as . She brushed and managed her hair , topped with her crown that had to be replaced after losing it in her ice castle and made sure to put on a pair of gloves . The gloves were not a necessity anymore ; still Elsa continued to wear them as often as possible . She cringed at the idea of losing her temper with a guest and quite possibly freezing the whole room .
Before long , Elsa was dressed and looking very important . She smiled once more at her reflection in the mirror and then set off towards the entrance of the castle . Her mind , although trying to stay on task , wandered back and forth on the dreams she had the night before .
The word ‘ epic ' is often overused , but when it comes from our friend Marc Maurer , who in 2014 rode from Cologne to the Caspian Sea and decided rather than to fly home , he 'd just turn around and ride back…we had to pay attention . Marc 's journey is fully justified as ‘ epic ' as he took off towards Istanbul , Turkey and the Caucasus Mountains . His journey racked up 4000km , passing through culturally rich regions of Turkey , Georgia , Armenia , Azerbaijan and finally Iran . Along the way he visited many stunning locations across the stunning Caucasus Mountains.Marc was traveling alone for the most part , but occasionally met up with friends for certain stretches of the journey . His daily companion was our ‘ Beyond ' , a bike built for adventure . The Beyond is designed to be capable for virtually any adventure you have in mind . On road or off it , the Beyond uses a geometry that ensures a stable and solid feeling no matter how loaded the bike is . Marc was carrying everything he needed with him thanks to a set of bike bags and rear pannier bags . In addition to the luggage , Marc made a few other adjustments to the bike for his trip , with a TT bar , dyno hub and his trusty Flite saddle .
For more about Marc 's journey and bike , head over to Bombtrack.com
Image copyright SPL Image caption Scientists have sequenced the infection 's full genome
A second case of a new respiratory illness similar to the deadly Sars virus has been identified in the UK .
The patient , who is receiving intensive care treatment in a Manchester hospital , had recently travelled to the Middle East and Pakistan .
Doctors insist the risk of the new coronavirus spreading to the general UK population is `` extremely low '' and the situation is being closely monitored .
The total number of confirmed cases globally now stands at 10 .
The death toll is five - three patients treated in Saudi Arabia and two treated in Jordan .
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses ranging from the common cold to the Sars ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) virus , spread through droplets of body fluids produced by sneezing and coughing .
In 2002 an outbreak of Sars killed about 800 people after the virus spread to more than 30 countries around the world .
The new coronavirus was first identified in September 2012 in a patient in Saudi Arabia who has since died .
Soon after , officials identified another case - this time in the UK . The 49-year-old man in question had been transferred to St Thomas ' hospital in London by air ambulance from Qatar .
Five months on , a second UK case has been found .
Prof John Watson , head of the respiratory diseases department at the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) , said : `` The HPA is providing advice to healthcare workers to ensure the patient under investigation is being treated appropriately and that healthcare staff who are looking after the patient are protected . Contacts of the case are also being followed up to check on their health . ''
No travel restrictions are in place .
But Prof Watson said people who developed severe respiratory symptoms , such as shortness of breath , within 10 days of returning from the Arabian Peninsula and surrounding regions should seek medical advice and mention the countries they have visited .
The new Nexus 7 may not be official just yet , but there are some lucky people out there that can already order the device , at least from some retailers . And some of those retailers are apparently honoring orders , even though they should n't .
At least that appears to be the case of reddit user xQcKx who ordered the 32GB new Nexus 7 on July 20 from OfficeMax , using the product 's SKU when passing the order – and we would assume this is n't an elaborate fake meant to get some quick attention from the media .
He paid nearly $ 300 for the device , or $ 269.99 for the tablet , shipping , and corresponding tax , and got a delivery estimate of 1-3 days . The delivery was later confirmed , and it is the user has already posted the first pictures of the product , available above and below .
The wallpaper on the box of the new Nexus 7 is exactly the same wallpaper we 've seen in a recent leak , while the device looks just like in the alleged press image spotted a few days ago – at the time this article was written , only two images of the device were posted , showing the unopened box and the back of the device .
In his initial reddit post in which he announced that he ordered it ( posting the receipt for his order ) , he revealed that he is an OfficeMax employee , although this detail may not have mattered for the store that has shipped it .
A different user who also works for OfficeMax , said that “ the older Nexus 7 has long been discontinued within local retailers , ” suggesting that the retailer would not ship the “ old ” Nexus 7 model instead of the new one .
Before you ask , a different user revealed the SKU number for the 32GB Nexus 7 version , which means anyone can try to get an order in even before the device is officially launched via the Google Play Store – it 's 24127222 the SKU you 'll have to mention when buying .
Google is expected to unveil the new Nexus 7 during a special media event tomorrow , with the device said to start selling in the following days .
[ Update : ] The buyer has apparently deleted the post on reddit , which is still up though , check out Source link ( 2 ) below .
© AP Enlarge Pep Guardiola has called Xherdan Shaqiri his `` most important bench player ''
Xherdan Shaqiri has grown frustrated with his lack of playing time at Bayern Munich and is ready to discuss a transfer to the Premier League or Serie A , according to his brother .
The Switzerland winger has been limited to eight starts in the Bundesliga this season and a further two in the DFB-Pokal as a result of competition for places and a two-month spell on the sidelines through injury .
Bayern boss Pep Guardiola has called Shaqiri , who has made a total of 20 appearances in all competitions , his `` most important bench player '' but it appears the former Basel man will seek a transfer in the summer .
Shaqiri said earlier this month that he would listen if the likes of Liverpool , Napoli or Juventus made a bid , and his brother and agent , Erdin , has now told Swiss paper Blick : `` Xherdan is 22 . You need to win regular minutes at this age and that , right now , is not the case .
`` We are now waiting until the summer . When clubs like Liverpool , Manchester United , Inter Milan or other top clubs want to talk , then we will certainly listen to them . ''
However , he added : `` Bayern will remain the first club we 'll talk to before we start talking to other clubs . ''
The remarks , made earlier this week , have prompted criticism in Shaqiri 's homeland , with former Switzerland and Bayern player Ciriaco Sforza warning in Blick : `` They do n't like those things at Bayern .
`` You could run into big trouble with the Bavaria family . Xherdan can be proud of what he has achieved at Bavaria . He gets a lot of playing time there and , when he comes off the bench , he scores or sets up goals . Players like [ Thomas ] Mueller or [ Mario ] Goetze , to name just two , have also found themselves on the bench . ''
Switzerland legend Kubilay Turkyilmaz also urged Shaqiri to fight for his place at Bavaria , and said a move to England would not suit his abilities .
`` Liverpool might be okay for him , but the Premier League is not Shaq 's league , '' he said . `` The best choice for him would be Dortmund . Juergen Klopp 's football suits him . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
A new Microsoft patent for an “ environmental display ” shows that the company is working on tech for the unannounced Xbox 720 that would basically turn your entire living room into an interactive game environment .
Using some unnamed projection system ( or systems ) in conjunction with your television , the “ Future Xbox ” would be able to project a video game 's environment onto the walls of you room . Think of it as a significantly lower-tech Star Trek Holodeck .
The Xbox 720 would also use a 3D camera ( Kinect 2 ) to detect the users position in the space , and the entire thing could be viewed in 3D by using “ suitable headgear , such as active shutter glasses configured to operate in synchronization with suitable alternate-frame image sequencing at primary display and environmental display . ”
Just the thought that the Xbox 720 would be able to achieve something like this is amazing , however , you should keep in mind that patents do n't always end up turning into actual consumer products .
Additionally , the whole set up sounds extremely expensive , and if Kinect has proven anything , it 's that Microsoft has a tendency to make promises that their tech does n't exactly live up to .
With that said , this looks really freaking cool !
Source : CVG
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Fresh from Democratic presidential primary wins over the weekend in three US states , Bernie Sanders said on Sunday ( March 27 ) he had political momentum that could help him win the backing of Democratic power brokers in his race against Hillary Clinton .
Sanders easily won nominating contests in Alaska , Washington and Hawaii on Saturday ( March 26 ) . His latest remarks reflect his plan to chip away at Clinton 's commanding lead in the number of delegates needed to win the party 's nomination for the November election .
Interviewed on Sunday by US broadcasters , Sanders said Democratic `` super-delegates , '' who can change their allegiance , might face pressure to rally behind him because most polls suggest he has a better chance than Clinton of beating a Republican candidate .
`` Momentum is with us , '' Sanders , a senator from Vermont , said on CNN 'S State of the Union news programme .
`` A lot of these super-delegates may rethink their position with Hillary Clinton . ''
Sanders also criticised Clinton 's reliance on wealthy donors to fund her campaign . He cited a fundraising dinner being hosted next month by actor George Clooney , where supporters will have to donate at least US $ 33,400 ( S $ 45,800 ) to attend , or US $ 353,400 , nearly seven times the annual median income , if they want `` premium '' seating .
`` It is obscene that Secretary Clinton keeps going to big money people to fund her campaign , '' Sanders told CNN .
`` Our events , we charge US $ 15 or US $ 50 for people to come . So , it 's not a criticism of Clooney . It 's a criticism of a corrupt finance system . ''
About 85 per cent of the votes at the July 25 and 28 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , where a party nominee will be chosen to face the Republicans in the Nov 8 election , are being determined by state nominating contests .
The other 15 percent is held by party power brokers who are free to vote as they like , meaning they could hold the key in a tight contest . Super-delegates include party leaders and elected senators , members of the US Congress and governors .
After Saturday 's contests , the former secretary of state led Sanders by just under 300 pledged delegates in the race for the 2,382 needed to be nominated .
Adding in the support of super-delegates , which the party created in the early 1980s to give leaders more control over the nominating process , Clinton had 1,712 delegates to 1,004 for Sanders , according to a tally by RealClearPolitics.com .
The U.S. senator from Vermont needs to win up to two-thirds of the remaining delegates to catch Clinton , who will keep piling up delegates even when she loses under a Democratic Party system that awards them proportionally in all states .
Sanders is turning his attention to his native New York , where Democratic voters will divide up 247 delegates on April 19th .
His campaign manager on Sunday wrote a letter to Clinton 's manager insisting that a planned televised debate between the candidates in April be held in the state , which Clinton represented as a US senator for eight years .
Jeff Weaver said in the letter that the Clinton campaign had resisted holding the debate in New York . `` Is the Secretary concerned about debating before the people who twice elected her to the US Senate ? '' Weaver wrote .
Spokesmen for Clinton did not respond to requests for comment .
Microsoft Games Studios vice president Phil Harrison has said the platform holder has “ very , very good ” privacy policies and wo n't use Xbox One 's admittedly creepy always-listening feature for any nefarious purposes .
“ It does n't have to be jumping up off the couch and running around your living room – it can be quite subtle . ”
“ Microsoft has very , very good policies around privacy . We 're a leader in the world of privacy , I think you 'll find , ” Harrison told Eurogamer .
“ We take it very seriously . We are n't using Kinect to snoop on anybody at all . We listen for the word ‘ Xbox on ' and then switch on the machine , but we do n't transmit personal data in any way , shape or form that could be personally identifiable to you , unless you explicitly opt into that . ”
Every Xbox One will come with a new Kinect sensor , which Harrison said is hugely improved from the hit-and-miss performance of the first generation of camera motion control tech .
“ You have to look at the quality of hardware innovation that Microsoft has put together . The team they have assembled is world-class , ” he said .
They have designed a modern piece of hardware , which has the capabilities of the chips in the box , plus the power of Kinect , plus the power of the cloud , working in harmony . ”
The executive also noted that Microsoft wo n't force developers to integrate Kinect into game , and hopes that future uses of the tech will be more appealing to gamers .
“ It could be just as simple as a voice command , or it could be just as simple as knowing there 's more than one person in the room at the same time , and being able to automatically populate options and user interface – knowing there are two people playing or three people playing , ” he said .
“ Things that can be really subtle but really joyful to the player . It does n't have to be jumping up off the couch and running around your living room – it can be quite subtle . ”
Xbox One will “ absolutely ” redeem Kinect in the eyes of core gamers , he added .
“ I think that if you are at the leading edge of technology in the home then you will want the power of Skype working with your TV and with your game experience seamlessly , and being able to switch smoothly between them , ” he said .
“ Just being able to have the game snap to the screen and have a Skype call on the side does n't have to impact the game at all , but adds a degree of socialisation and social features to games that were never there before , so I think that 's going to be very credible and I hope very compelling . ”
We 're still waiting for all the details on Xbox One , but we know it features game ownership locked to profiled rather than discs or hardware , which will enable some sort of used game trade system . We do n't know if all that TV magic will work outside the US , but Microsoft seems pretty serious about making inroads in Europe this generation rather than letting Sony continue to dominate its traditional stomping ground . Catch up on everything we do know in this massive Xbox One reveal über-report .
Should you very own an internet site and need Raleigh SEO featured on Crunchbase to have the intense income with all the aid of that web site you then really have to uncover some of the moral usually means by which the website might be promoted from the marketplace plus much more crowds can appear with your website . For this you could get tips with the people today that are presently into this small business and might share some tips with them . Nowadays the most common approach that 's remaining used within the marketplace will be the Web optimization also known as Search engine optimisation . There are actually lots of people on the web environment who will be aware of this term but do n't have a complete thought . For this kind of men and women you 'll find lots of Web optimization Companies that are aiding the people today .
Now the leading query which arises is exactly what is Search engine marketing Business ? The solution to this can be that is a company whose motive it to assist the men and women by furnishing the best abilities and applications which may be used for optimizing an internet site . The final word purpose is to obtain the primary or 2nd web site ranking amongst the acknowledged search engines like google and yahoo . A Search engine optimization Business is predicated on some techniques which can allow visitors to go to on the web-site and also offer you a superb rating among the the major search engines . As a result Website positioning Organization is taken into account to become the best option for running an online business enterprise .
To assist the men and women there are actually lots of Web optimization Firms which already exist within this cyberspace and more of them are rising to be a great competition . Being a final result you will find there 's big selection of choice with the persons and most vital detail would be to opt for the appropriate Search engine optimization Enterprise . The key standards for selecting the Search engine optimisation Company are definitely the finances as well as demands of one 's internet site . Some of the guidelines are talked over below for choosing the apt Seo Corporation :
• Make Cope with the knowledgeable and reputed companies : This can be essentially the most practical idea which each and every businessman need to consider . Creating the handle unknown or new companies will usually contain some threat . That 's why the great preference will be to choose the Search engine optimisation Company that has many years of experience as a combined business and which has presently assisted many people in environment up their company . But knowledge is not really just the criterion which has to generally be searched for . Yet another big place is the popularity of the corporation . Sometimes there are situations encountered by which Web optimization Corporation has a fantastic knowledge but its history is filled with unlawful and unethical Seo functions .
• Tend not to make the specials with organizations that spam : The principle issue which is needs to be kept in your mind within this context is usually that Search engine optimization Organization which promotes alone by sending the spam e-mails to your buyers is not really deemed being the good solution .
• By no means Have confidence in the companies that are hiding or disclosing one thing : These form of Seo Organizations are acknowledged to be the black box corporations . Should you be likely with this sort of kind of Search engine marketing Companies then ultimately your web site will suffer . A lot of the individuals are certainly not mindful from the indisputable fact that how Website positioning operate ? So if these organizations are included in a few unlawful or unethical action then you really really have to endure eventually . To stop this kind of situations , every individual need to determine what goes along with his website . If any erroneous matter is being done then in the end you and your site has got to suffer .
• Try to select window shopping : It is preferable that before you make the final getting conclusion you have to verify some extra Search engine marketing Providers which are current within the sector . It is possible to produce a listing of your web sites which are into this organization then could make your own research . Also try and have a overview from Search engine optimization Firms concerning the other candidates . Attempt to be cautious with all the damaging methods used with the Website positioning Firms plus some with the shut opponents . In certain scenarios you 'll experience that from time to time the competitor is incredibly undesirable and many with the Search engine optimization Firms will target over the strength and weak point of that competitor .
• Normally generate a distinct offer : If a Seo Organization is obvious in its proposals and other guidelines then it really is thought of being the good solution . A very good Search engine optimization Organization will plainly state its penalties , assures , industrial features , timeliness , phrases of references and other polices that are regarded being related for generating out transactions . In this manner , the customer will also get satisfied and he would know in advance what all services he is going to obtain from Search engine optimization Enterprise .
Few youngsters might recognize Maurice Hilleman as the man behind their childhood immunizations . But with more than 40 vaccines to his credit , it 's no exaggeration to say Hilleman saves millions of lives each year .
On 26 January , some of the world 's most famous and accomplished biomedical researchers gathered in Philadelphia to honor Maurice Hilleman . That evening , Hilleman thanked the group , saying , “ there 's no greater tribute that anyone can pay to a scientist than to give approval to a peer . All of you I think of as peers in the world of science . ”
Addressed to a group of more than a hundred people , the statement was clearly absurd . By any objective measure , a gathering of Maurice Hilleman 's scientific peers would not fill a telephone booth .
Hilleman has produced a mind-boggling number of fundamental breakthroughs . He is the inventor of more than 40 vaccines , including those that prevent measles , mumps , rubella , Haemophilus influenzae type b , hepatitis A , hepatitis B and chickenpox . Epidemiologists often refer to the first few decades after World War II as the golden age of vaccinology . It might be more accurate to call it the Hilleman period . According to one estimate , his vaccines save nearly 8 million lives a year .
Hilleman also discovered SV40 and the adenoviruses , was the first to purify interferon , and the first to demonstrate that its expression is induced by double-stranded RNA—discoveries that launched several branches of molecular biology and immunology and jump-started the quest for antiviral medications .
Astonishingly , despite transforming the nature of public health , he seems to be fading into obscurity .
“ Very few people , even in the scientific community , are even remotely aware of the scope of what Maurice has contributed , ” Anthony Fauci , director of the US National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , noted at the symposium . “ I recently asked my post-docs whether they knew who had developed the measles , mumps , rubella , hepatitis B and chickenpox vaccines . They had no idea , ” Fauci said . “ When I told them that it was Maurice Hilleman , they said , 'Oh , you mean that grumpy guy who comes to all of the AIDS meetings ? ' ”
Indeed , Hilleman 's reputation as a prickly character often overshadows his accomplishments . Even at 86 , he is a tall , confident man with a firm handshake who speaks softly but bluntly—and often profanely . Relating the story of how he met his wife , Lorraine , for example , he described his dating experiences in 1962 : “ I had a couple of dates . Christ . Finding women is sort of like by Brownian action . You do n't know whether they 're drunkards , or they 'll spend all your money , or whether they have venereal diseases . ”
Giving up on the dating scene , he instead decided to hunt for a wife among the job applicant pool at Merck and Company in West Point , Pennsylvania , where he worked . He enlisted the aid of his administrative assistant . “ I said , 'Look , Ken , I want you to go through all these [ job ] applications and pick out what looks good to you , then send them up to me , and we 'll do that once a week until we find one , ' ” Hilleman recalls . On hearing this , a young woman in the audience at the symposium remarked to her companion , “ You could n't get away with that today . ”
The same could be said about much of Hilleman 's career . “ Unlike other people in research , Maurice did every aspect of research and development , ” notes P. Roy Vagelos , former chairman and chief executive officer of Merck . Hilleman characterized antigens and isolated them , then did the basic research , the process research and the clinical research , Vagelos says . Following clinical trials , Hilleman would also haunt the manufacturing facility to ensure that the vaccine was being produced correctly . “ The manufacturing people were not quite used to that , so there was a constant grumble at that end of the campus , ” says Vagelos .
“ I ran into conflict with just about everybody , ” Hilleman concedes . “ I was told I had a very unusual management style . In spite of all this , I survived at Merck. ” Asked if his one-man pipeline approach could work today , “ it takes somebody who 's a bastard , ” Hilleman says . “ I do n't think there are basically any people at all left who would have the dedication . ”
A strong proponent of a seven-day work week for scientists , Hilleman cites his upbringing on a farm in rural Montana as the inspiration for both his work ethic and his coarse language . Though he officially retired on his 65th birthday in accordance with Merck 's mandatory retirement policy , the company immediately re-hired him as a consultant , and he still goes to his office every day . During the course of a long interview one morning in February , he discussed everything from Sinclair Lewis 's novel Arrowsmith to the latest research on HIV and tuberculosis , revealing himself to be a sharp and voracious reader .
His dedication to his work is superseded only by his devotion to his family . Asked about his pastimes , Hilleman says , “ my hobby is working. ” There are dozens of stories about this workaholic virologist , but one of the most famous highlights his intense focus on public health . In 1963 , when his oldest daughter , Jeryl Lynn , developed the characteristic fever and swollen glands of mumps , he made a late-night trip to the laboratory to retrieve some equipment , then returned home to culture her virus .
Jeryl recovered from the mumps virus , but the mumps virus never recovered from infecting Jeryl . Using to isolate from his daughter , Hilleman attenuated the virus and shepherded it through testing and production in his typical fashion . His younger daughter , Kirsten , participated in the early clinical trials . This now-standard mumps vaccine has since brought a classic childhood disease to the brink of extinction .
Looking at the current landscape of vaccinology , Hilleman advocates more collaboration between industry , academic and government researchers to develop the next generation of vaccines , a view that he says only recently became acceptable . “ If you go back in history , industry was a leper , ” he says . When he finished his doctoral work at the University of Chicago , he adds , “ I was told ... 'we do not train people for industry , ' so I said what the hell , that 's exactly where I 'm going . ”
From Chicago , Hilleman went to E.R . Squibb and Sons in New Jersey in 1944 , then to the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Washington in 1948 , finally joining Merck in 1957 . According to Adel Mahmoud , president of the Merck Vaccine Division , the company currently produces seven vaccines , all invented by Maurice Hilleman . “ This guy , whatever he touched , he developed a vaccine out of it , ” says Mahmoud . “ We owe him an incredible , incredible debt . ”
Author information Affiliations Philadelphia Alan Dove Authors Search for Alan Dove in : Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink .
A woman should learn in quietness and full submission . I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man ; [ b ] she must be quiet . For Adam was formed first , then Eve . And Adam was not the one who was deceived , it was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner . But women will be saved through childbearing—if they continue in faith , love and holiness with propriety . 1 Timothy 2:11-15 .
THE 1 TIMOTHY 2:12 BOMB
Last spring a group of 40 women and men met to share our “ theologies of women ” and to talk in small groups about the messages we hear about gender roles and a woman 's place in the church . Each group then created a poster summarizing their discussion to share with the larger group .
My favorite poster was one that showed stick figure men and women climbing a “ stairway to heaven ” , so to speak . Some steps were depicted with a lone man or woman making the climb . Other steps depicted a couple or a small group climbing the stairs together . On one step a man was reaching down to pull a woman up . On another a woman was reaching down to pull a man up . It was a beautiful depiction of the body of Christ working together .
Except that in the space above the stairway the group had drawn a bomb falling with the caption “ 1 Timothy 2:12 ” .
When this was presented to the larger group a lively discussion ensued . The consensus was that this verse often functions as a “ conversation stopper ” . Typically , what happens in a discussion is that the person who holds the hierarchical or complementarian view says something like , “ Say what you want , but 1 Timothy 2:12 makes it clear that women can not be in authority over men… ”
Did Paul really intend to drop a bomb that would forever exclude women from all levels of church leadership ? I do n't believe he did , and to borrow a cliché from movies and television , I 'd like to share some steps we can take to “ defuse the bomb ” and encourage a more accurate understanding of Paul 's purpose in writing this “ difficult passage ” .
STEP ONE : CUT THE TRANSLATION WIRE
Before we conclude that this passage is “ clear ” we must consider the limitations of our English translations . The most problematic issue is the rendering of the verb authentein as authority . This unusual Greek verb is found only once in scripture and rarely in extrabiblical texts , where it is usually associated with aggression . Authentein is translated as “ domineer ” in the Latin Vulgate and New English Bible and as “ usurp authority ” in the Geneva and King James Bibles .
A study of Paul 's letters shows that he regularly used a form of the Greek “ exousia ” when referring to the use of authority in the church ( see 1 Cor 6:12 , 7:4 , 1 Cor 6:12 , 7:4 , 9:4-6 , 9:12 , 11:10 , 2 Cor 2:8 , 10:8 , 13:10 , Col. 1:13 , 2 Thess 3:12 , Rom 6:15 , 9:21 ) . So it is strange that some modern versions translate this simply as “ authority ” . Considering the context , it is likely that Paul was objecting to something other than the legitimate use of authority in 1 Timothy 2:12 . ( More on authentein here , and see a more recent follow-up post here . )
There is also the possibility that the verb didaskein ( to teach ) is linked here to the verb authentein in what is called a hendiadys ( two words joined by a conjunction to make a single point ) . “ Do n't eat and run ” would be a modern example . So a better interpretation might be “ do n't teach in a domineering way ” .
Additionally , the grammar in this passage changes abruptly from the plural “ women ” in verses 9 & 10 to “ a woman ” in verses 11-15 . Then it changes back to “ women ” in the next chapter , suggesting that Paul had a specific woman in mind , perhaps one that Timothy had written to him about . Furthermore , some scholars believe “ I do n't permit ” could also be accurately translated as “ I am not currently permitting ” . So while these verses are often used to defend male-only leadership , current scholarship suggests that the passage is anything BUT clear on the issue .
STEP TWO : CUT THE CONTEXT WIRE
You 've heard the real estate expression about property values , right ? It 's all about “ location , location , location ” . Since the Bible is made up of a variety of genres ( law , history , poetry and wisdom literature , prophetic messages , gospel accounts , letters ) , to interpret it correctly , we have to think about “ context , context , context ” . In the case of 1 Timothy , Paul was writing a personal letter instructing Timothy about how to deal with heresy being spread by false teachers in Ephesus . This is spelled out at the beginning of the letter :
“ As I urged you when I went into Macedonia , stay there in Ephesus so that you may command certain people not to teach false doctrines any longer or to devote themselves to myths and endless geneaologies… They want to be teachers of the law , but they do not know what they are talking about or what they so confidently affirm… ” ( 1 Tim 1:3-4 , -7 ) .
Keener notes that while these false teachers were most likely men , much of the spreading of the false teaching was through women in the congregation . It is likely that most women in the Ephesian church had limited training in Christian theology and that their interest in false doctrine was proving to be dangerous . There is no evidence in the text that Paul was writing to establish a permanent restriction on all women for all time .
Another interesting fact about 1 Timothy is that the myths and endless genealogies circulating in Ephesus included the idea that Eve was created before Adam and was superior to him . ( Read this post for other facts about Ephesus and goddess worship and this one for detailed explanation of gnostic teachings about Adam and Eve . )
It is likely that Paul was writing to correct false notions that were circulating rather than suggesting that Eve 's deception should be the basis for banning women from teaching . This cultural context also helps us understand Paul 's mention of the creation order in verses 13 and 14 ( more on Paul 's use of the creation narratives here ) .
STEP THREE : CUT THE INTERPRETATION WIRE
There are some well-established principles of biblical interpretation that are helpful in navigating highly contested passages like this one . Here are a few to consider :
Doctrine should not be built on a hapax legomenon ( a word that occurs only once in an author 's writings or a text ) . When a word is only used once it is difficult , if not impossible , to infer the writer 's meaning , since there are no other examples of word usage to compare . The word “ authentein ” translated as authority in 1 Timothy 2:12 is a hapax legomenon . This fact alone is sufficient to suggest caution in using this text as a foundation for church doctrine .
Interpretation should be consistent with the rest of the passage under study . As Groothuis notes “ It is inconsistent to regard the dress code in 1 Tim 2:9 as culturally relative , and therefore temporary , but the restriction on women 's ministry as universal and permanent . These instructions were part of the same paragraph and flow of thought . ”
Similarly , if we insist that verse 12 is applicable today , to be consistent , that ruling should apply to the whole passage , including verse 15 ( women shall be saved through childbearing ) . I find it concerning that most people who claim that 1 Timothy 2:12 is clear and applies today usually do n't have a clue as to what the verses that follow mean and how they should be applied .
Interpretation should not contradict the rest of the author 's teaching . For example , 1 Timothy 2:1-10 provides instructions for both men and women to follow when praying in public . And in 1 Corinthians there are instructions for women praying and prophesying in church . Paul gives many other instructions about corporate worship and spiritual gifts that are not restrictive of gender . He also commends a number of women serving in leadership positions ( Romans 16 ) . So Paul is generally supportive of women 's participation , which contradicts the idea that women must be silent .
Interpretation should not contradict the overall teaching in the New Testament , especially the example and teaching of Jesus . As Brauch notes , “ Christ is the center – the Logos , the living Word , and Scripture must be viewed through the Christ filter . Jesus ' words and acts are normative and paradigmatic and should be a critical filter for interpreting scripture ” ( pp . 248-9 ) . In the gospels Jesus never suggests that women 's roles were to be secondary or limited in the community of faith , even when he had the opportunity to do so .
Once these issues of translation , context , and interpretation have been considered , it seems that 1 Timothy 2:12 only prohibits women who do not have rightful authority to do so from teaching and assuming authority over men .
There is much more that could be said , as thousands of pages have been written on this one passage . At times it seems like there are diminishing returns on continuing the conversation and so I 'll stop here for now .
As Harriet Congdon pointed out in this post , in this middle time between creation and the new heaven and earth , the church should be making every effort to function as the New Community made possible by the redemptive work of Christ on the cross . The full inclusion of women in leadership is part of that redemptive work and is vital to the health and effectiveness of the church in this century .
The bottom line is that in light of current biblical scholarship it 's time to acknowledge that there are too many problems with this passage to continue using it as a weapon against women called to church ministry .
Two follow-up posts have been written since this was published . See More on Authority and 1 Timothy 2:12 Ten Talking Points .
DISCLAIMER : I almost titled this “ 1 Timothy 2:12 for Dummies ” , not because I think readers are ignorant , but because this is not a comprehensive theological exposition . It is simply a summary of my personal study and reflects what I understand at this point in time .
There are many excellent resources that do treat the passage in depth . Those who want more than these “ Cliff Notes ” should check out this excellent 5 part series : 1 Timothy 2:12 in Context and the following books : Keener 's Paul , Women and Wives , Bailey 's Paul Through Mediterranean Eyes , Groothuis ' Good News for Women , and Belleville 's Women Leaders and the Church .
Click here for a Spanish translation of this post .
A broken pencil
Pencil fighting involves two players trying to break one-another 's pencils using pencils . The World Extreme Pencil Fighting League is an organization of pencil fighters based in Seattle , Washington .
Overview [ edit ]
Pencil fighting typically involves two players attempting to break one-another 's pencils . [ 1 ] Players take turns in which one player holds their pencil horizontally with both hands while the other player flicks their pencil at it in attempts to break it . [ 1 ] The first player to break the other 's pencil is the winner . [ 2 ] Foul plays have been suggested , such as intentionally hitting a player on the fingers , dropping the pencil , and missing the pencil when striking . [ 2 ] When a foul has occurred , the offender may be required to allow a free extra strike against their pencil . [ 2 ]
Risks [ edit ]
Some risk of eye injury exists in pencil fighting , because pieces of wood and graphite inside the pencil can be launched when pencils are struck . [ 2 ]
History [ edit ]
It has been suggested that pencil fighting became popular toward the end of the 1970s , played by students despite the disapproval of school educators , i.e. , `` the teachers who would commonly issue two pencils to each student at the beginning of the school year and later only as required . ''
Pencil fighting in the late 1970s was also and more commonly known as `` Pencil Break '' or `` Pencils . '' Elementary , Middle ( Junior High ) School , and High School students played the game often . It was such a beloved activity , students would either purchase , seek out , and or trade certain brands of pencils , known for their design and durability characteristics , e.g. , strength of the wood , ability to bend backwards without breaking , so as to develop the greatest possible amount of force . Often , students would simply walk up to classmates & hold one end of their pencil with both hands in a state of readiness . The other student almost instinctively knew and understood the meaning and request to play on sight . Students held word of mouth competitions before , after , and even during class in some instances ; often near the back of a classroom , as students were required to line-up in order to use one of two industrial strength and walls mounted pencil sharpeners for regular pencil sharpening before , during , and after classes . Students sometimes would gather in small and even large circles and groups to play . Often , most one-on-one competitions were held on the school grounds , i.e. , classroom hallways , in the school bathroom , in the school yard , next to and by the side or back of a class , while riding the school bus to and from school , and while on the way to events , trips , etc . Games commonly lasted less than half of one minute .
Pencil break was enjoyed the most when the opponent 's pencil was either a new or freshly sharpened . However , the game was often played twice or several times , based on the final length left after a loss . Advanced or Expert level players were able to break a pencil of any size brought before them . A standard No . 2 pencil could be realistically broken four times by an expert player . Novice players required several strikes before their opponents pencil was broken if ever . Some players removed the rubber eraser , forming the metal clamp into an edged point that was able to concentrate the cutting , sawing , and breaking power for each strike . Other players might chew on their pencil , compressing the wood so as to make it tougher to break a pencil . In most cases however , superior technique and method over the type of pencil and any upgrade was the preferred approach to winning consistently . It was common for an advanced player 's pencil to last over several games before his pencil broke .
World Extreme Pencil Fighting League [ edit ]
The World Extreme Pencil Fighting League ( WXPFL ) is an organization and competitive league of pencil fighters based in Seattle , Washington that engages in pencil fighting competitions . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] WXPFL events include wrestling-style theatrics , and are held monthly at a Seattle bar named Re-Bar . [ 3 ] Number 2 style pencils are used , [ 3 ] and the referee is the only person allowed to distribute the pencils . [ 5 ] The events are monitored by referees , and penalties exist for delaying the event , pencil tilting and dropping a pencil . [ 3 ] Those called on a foul can have their pencil struck with any sized pencil , as long as `` it 's made of wood and you can actually write with it '' . [ 3 ] The competition includes a champion who holds a championship belt . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
At 10:24 on Friday morning , Senator Bernard Sanders , an independent from Vermont and self-described socialist , took to the podium in the Senate to denounce the Obama/GOP tax accord . He did not leave for another eight and a half hours . His old-school filibuster , which technically was n't a filibuster at all , was ignored or downplayed by much of the media . But that did n't stop it from going viral . By early evening , Sanders ' name had become the second-most-popular term on Google and tops on Twitter , where untold thousands rallied to his cause under the hash tag # filibernie .
An impassioned tirade of the sort that many liberals had once hoped to hear from the president , the speech was even more interesting in chunks larger than 140 characters . In the ( likely ) event that you did n't have time to listen to the whole thing , here are some of best excerpts :
On why Sanders was launching a “ filibuster ” of the tax agreement :
I think everyone knows , the president of the United States , President Obama and the Republican leadership have reached an agreement on a very significant tax bill . In my view , the agreement that they reached is a bad deal for the American people . I think we can do better , and I am here today to take a strong stand against this bill , and I intend to tell my colleagues and the nation exactly why I am in opposition . You can call what I am doing today whatever you want . You can call it a filibuster . You can call it a very long speech . I 'm not here to set any great records to make a spectacle . I am simply here today to take as long as I can to explain to the American people the fact that we have got to do a lot better than this agreement provides . This nation has a record-breaking , $ 13.8 trillion national debt at the same time as the middle class is collapsing and poverty is increasing . It seems to me to be unconscionable , unconscionable for my conservative friends and for everybody else in this country to be driving up this already too-high national debt by giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires who do n't need it and in some cases , Mr. President , do n't even want it .
On Obama 's duty as president :
President Obama has said that he fought as hard as he could against the tax breaks for the wealthy and for the extension of unemployment . Well , maybe , but the reality is that that fight can not simply be waged inside the Beltway . Our job is to appeal to the vast majority of the American people to stand up and to say , “ Wait a minute , I do n't want to see our national debt explode . I do n't want to see my kids and grandchildren paying higher taxes in order to give tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. ” The vast majority of the American people do not support that agreement in terms of giving tax breaks to the very rich . And our job is to rally those people .
There is a war going on in this country , and I am not talking about the war in Iraq or the war in Afghanistan . I am talking about a war being waged by some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country against the working families of the United States . Against the disappearing and shrinking middle class of our country . The billionaires of America are on the war path . They want more , and more , and more . And that has everything to do with this agreement reached between the Republicans and the president . In 2007 , The top 1 percent of income earners in the United States made 23 and a half percent of all income . That is more than the bottom 50 percent… . But for the top 1 percent in America , that 's apparently not enough . The United States of America has the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world . Is this America ? The United States today has over 20 percent of its kids living in poverty… . Here 's the Netherlands , in second place , looks to me about 7 percent . According to the Washington Post , middle income families made less in 2008 , when adjusted for inflation , than they did in 1999 . In other words , the American economy has turned into a nightmare for tens of millions of families… . You are seeing the middle class collapsing . And what this agreement says is that we are going to provide huge tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires . That is insane . And only within the Beltway could an agreement like that be negotiated . On Wall Street : On how badly everyone else is hurting : Our friends on Wall Street , whose greed and illegal behavior caused this recession , they are now making more money than they ever did after being bailed out by the middle class of this country . During the Bush years , the wealthiest 400 Americans saw their incomes more than double . Do you really think that after seeing a doubling in the Bush years of their incomes that these people are in need of another million-dollar-a-year tax break ? On greed run amok : How can I get by on one house ? I need five houses , ten houses ! I need three jet planes to take me all over the world ! Sorry , American people . We 've got the money , we 've got the power , we 've got the lobbyists here and on Wall Street . Tough luck . That 's the world , get used to it . Rich get richer . Middle-class shrinks… So these crybabies , the multimillionaires and billionaires , these people who are making out like bandits , they are crying and crying and crying , but their effective tax rates for the top 400 income earners in America was cut almost in half from 1992 to 2007 . The point that needs to be made is when is enough enough ? That really is the essence of what we are talking about . When does greed—and greed is , in my view , it 's like a sickness , it 's like an addiction . We know people on heroin , they ca n't stop , they need more and more . I would hope that for these people who are worth hundreds of millions of dollars , they will look around them and say , “ There is something more important in life than the richest people becoming richer when we have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. ” Maybe they will understand that they are Americans , part of a great nation which is in trouble today . Maybe they 've got to go back to the Bible or whatever they believe in understanding that there is virtue in sharing , in reaching out , that you ca n't get it all . How can anybody be proud to say that I am an multimillionaire and I 've been getting a huge tax break and one-quarter of the kids in this country is on food stamps ? On Reaganomics ' flop at the box office : For my friends , my Republican colleagues , to tell me that we need more tax cuts for the very rich , because that 's going to create jobs , that 's what trickle down economics is all about . What I would say to them is : Ya had your chance ! It failed ! In case you do n't know , losing 600,000 private sector jobs in eight years is not good . That 's very , very bad . That 's an economic policy that is bad . We do n't need to look at that movie again . We saw it . It stunk ! It was a very bad movie ! On income inequality :
On the deal 's $ 5 million per-person estate tax exemption :
Ninety-nine point seven percent of American families will not pay one nickel in estate tax . This is not a tax on the rich . This is a tax on the very , very , very rich .
On the gulf between lawmakers and the poor :
Do you know what dented can stores are ? Most members of the House and Senate , and governors , do not get their meals from dented cans . But millions of Americans do .
On free trade agreements :
Under President Bush alone , we lost some 48,000 factories . We went from 19 million manufacturing jobs to 12 million manufacturing jobs . And in many cases those were good jobs . Obviously it is a lot cheaper for the American companies to set up plants in China , hire Chinese workers at 50 cents an hour or 75 cents an hour or whatever it is , and have them build products for the Chinese markets than it is to pay American workers $ 15 an hour , $ 20 an hour , provide health insurance , deal with the union , deal with the environment . You know , that 's not a great revelation . I think anyone could have figured that one out , but you know , the big money interests around here , they pushed it , and Congress and President Clinton at that time signed it and we were off and running .
On how we should be spending the tax-cut money instead :
The Federal Highway Administration reports that $ 130 billion must be invested annually for a 20-year period to improve our bridges and the operational performance of our highways . At present , Mr. President , one in four of the nation 's bridges are either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete… . We need to improve our infrastructure , and when we do that , we can create millions of jobs .
On unemployment benefits :
I get upset when I hear that the Republicans ' unwillingness to support an extension of unemployment benefits for 13 months is a major compromise… . Whenever the unemployment is above 7.2 percent , always , whether the president was Democratic or the president was Republican , what people did was say we have got to extend unemployment benefits . It 's kind of common sense . It 's not partisan .
After speaking for eight and a half hours :
If the American people stand up and say we can do better than this , that we do n't need to drive up the national debt by giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires , if the American people stand and we are prepared to follow them , I believe we can defeat this proposal , I believe we can come up with a better proposal that better meets the need of this country , and in particular the children of ths country . I believe we can do that . And with that , ladies and gentlemen , I yield the podium .
For the latest reactions to the Filibernie , check out this update .
Updated 12/12/10 at 7:32 pm Pacific
OnePlus is going to launch their third flagship handset on June 14th as posted by the brand recently on their official forum page . OnePlus 3 is one of the most anticipated handset of this year , as its successor OnePlus 2 and OnePlus One have changed the way we see smartphones . We exclusively reported that brand will be launching a 6GB RAM of the OP3 , which is a huge deal . This year company has ditched the invite system , which has received quite a controversy .
Today we are announcing a new giveaway , this time ; it 's not limited to couple items , but rather we are giving 25 OnePlus Loop VR . With this Loop VR you can do a lot of these , but first and foremost , it is for watching the OnePlus 3 VR launch on June 14th . The Chinese mobile startup has been known for their unique ways to release handsets . It was last year only that brand did world 's first Virtual Reality smartphone launch , and it was quite appreciative . It has been touted that OnePlus may possibly the smartest phone brand in the world right now .
Talking about the OnePlus 3 in brief , we expect the handset to feature 5.5-inch Super AMOLED display and powered by a Snapdragon 820 Qualcomm chipset . It will supposedly come in 4GB and 6GB variant and would have 64GB as internal storage , while there might not be any external storage option . With full metal design , it will be sturdier than its competition and will sport a front fingerprints sensor . Sporting 16-megapixel image sensor on rear and 8-megapixel sensor on front . All this might be fueled by 3000mAh capacity battery . In case you did n't know , OnePlus is a subsidiary of the OPPO Electronics , which is again a part of BBK Electronics ,
Winners List :
Tweets by plakshmanteja
Tweets by SurajKala
Tweets by Bala_jram
Tweets by Prabhu_DS
Tweets by Luvk1412
Tweets by graciousgarg
Tweets by Gopal29
Tweets by ImBirbrata
Tweets by Chiragkapuriya
Tweets by kalpik
Tweets by goaftertech
Tweets by amit_meena
Tweets by iarunsb
Tweets by Nishad1305
Tweets by vivekmadhu
Tweets by ChoosyMoron
Tweets by rohith_xtreme
Tweets by pbsujil
Tweets by 123nitin
https : //twitter.com/iammayank_22
Tweets by ravinelluri
Tweets by banuathuraliya
Tweets by anuj63
Tweets by 101abhinav
Tweets by xlnzee
Expected Features :
5.5-inch AMOLED 1080p Display
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Chipset
4GB RAM/6GB RAM
64GB Internal Storage
Front Fingerprint Sensor
16MP Rear Camera
8MP Selfie Camera
3000mAh battery
Note : To get started you need to remember that the giveaway will start Every Monday & end on Sunday . We are the most active on Twitter @ PhoneRadarBlog hence , you need to follow there to know more about the upcoming Announcements & winner names . The prizes will be shipped to anyone who lives in India only .
By Hunter Wallace
Coming from the same man who used an executive order to disingenuously remove the Tom Watson statue in November 2013 ( he claimed it was due to repairs at the State Capitol , only to later approve an MLK statue as a replacement ) , we are not in the least bit surprised that Nathan Deal caved yet again to the Left :
“ Georgia 's governor has quietly removed Confederate Memorial Day and Robert E. Lee 's Birthday from the state calendar , replacing them with the innocuous-sounding designation “ state holiday. ” The change , first reported by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , was contained in a memo dated August 5 sent by Governor Nathan Deal to state government staff . … According to Brian Robinson , deputy chief of staff for communications for Georgia 's governor , the holidays are meant to honor the Confederacy and Robert E. Lee . “ That is why they are in state law , and we are not denying that or pretending that 's not the case , ” he says . However , he adds , “ those names are not spelled out in state law.… It just says , ‘ These shall be state holidays . ' ” It , is , therefore , within Deal 's power to rename the holidays on the state 's calendars for planning purposes , Robinson says . According to Jon Richards , front page editor at Peach Pundit , a Georgia politics website , Deal 's decision to rename the holidays—but to do so quietly—makes good political sense ”
This is why Donald Trump is leading in the polls in Georgia … it is because conservative voters have given the Republican Party absolute power in Georgia , not only in the state legislature , but down to running the last White Democrat in the Deep South out of Congress in 2014 , only to get cuckservative leaders like Nathan Deal who lie to get elected and trash Southern heritage once they are safely in office .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES MOINES , Iowa -- A Des Moines mother was arrested Monday after police say her 2-year-old son was found alone , sucking on a frozen chicken breast .
Hallie Amick , 30 , now faces charges of child endangerment for the incident , according to WHO-TV . Police say they went to a home in the 100 block of East Emma Ave. around 10:15 a.m. Monday after someone called 911 reporting a toddler left home alone .
When officers arrived , they found a 2-year-old male in the backyard , wearing nothing but a full and sagging diaper . Police say the child was sucking on a frozen chicken breast .
A small dog in the backyard was observed trying to jump up on the child to get the chicken .
Officers spoke with a neighbor who told them the child was often left unattended . She said she would see the man and woman leave the home , but not with the child .
Another neighbor told police she had found the child in the middle of the street at one point shortly after the family moved in , and said that they did not watch the child very well .
Police say when Amick arrived on the scene , she lied and told them this was the first time she had left the child alone , but after police confronted her with the neighbors ' claims she admitted she left the boy alone on “ occasions . ”
When police searched the home they found marijuana and drug paraphernalia . Amick was charged with possession of schedule 1 drugs .
She was taken into custody and booked into the Polk County Jail . Tuesday , she posted bond and was released .
This Friday was ruined when I watched this video of Andrea Torres showing off her jumprope skills , asking us how many she can do . Not that there is anything wrong with Andrea or jump ropes .
What 's wrong is how it 's clearly fetishizing Andrea . As she jumps , the video is slowed down to emphasize her bouncing breasts . She 's also wearing something that does n't support them so it adds extra bounce .
I felt gross watching it because the effect felt like I was watching her through a creepy , male gaze . And by the looks of the comments left on the video , I was n't alone .
It 's clickbait and it 's getting a lot of attention , a projected result by the network , no doubt . As of writing , the video has over a million views and 10,000 shares . It 's quite sad as it 's preying on the idea that it 's okay to stare at a woman and to objectify her . In fact , let this major television network slow it down for you so you can enjoy it more . This video is condoning the passive harassment of women , the girl watching that we are subjected to each and every day .
Whether Andrea knew of this treatment and whether she agreed to it does n't make it any better . Like the Kendall Jenner x Pepsi ad , the mere fact this got conceptualized and approved is what makes it outrageous . There were people behind the lens who thought it was a wonderful idea to have a voyeuristic video released for public consumption .
I can already hear some people say , “ If you do n't like it , do n't watch it. ” I wish that also applied to how misogyny and harassment worked . Can I just switch it off as well if I do n't like it ?
Screengrab via YouTube
Follow Preen on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , Snapchat , and Viber
Wow . My 30th birthday is tomorrow , and I 'm not thrilled about it . Today I took my son to a birthday party and came back to a package waiting at my door . I was so excited ! My book match went above and beyond .
First - as a birthday gift , a DVD of Pirate Radio . Can not wait to watch it tonight after kids go to bed !
Second - a travel book to Australia , where we are thinking we will head on our honeymoon next Summer ( I 'm getting married in October .
Third - with an awesome note on it , a book on how to travel on the cheap . We 'll be spending three weeks in Costa Rica this summer , and I can not wait to lay on the beach and dig into this book to find out how to keep these adventures going !
Lastly , an awesome looking book for my kids that we do n't have and I 've never read ( which is really hard to do , I 've been an elementary school teacher for almost seven years ) .
AAAANNNND a note telling me there is one more box still to come ! ! ! This is amazingly generous , and thank you so much ! ! !
UPDATE ! ! ! I got three more books from my amazing Santa ! ! One about her home state of Maine , one from my wishlist ( Into the Wild ) , and then one that I am SO happy she ignored her sisters advice on ! Even though I 've been living and running in the DC area for a couple years now , this book has lots of routes I 've never tried ! ! Thank you ! !
JAN 29 2014 BY MARK KANE
After London 's Mayor , Boris Johnson , announced a plan that would require all new taxis presented for licensing in the capital to be zero-emissions capable from 1 January 2018 , manufacturers seem to be racing to outdo each other in presenting electric taxis .
We saw Nissan 's e-NV200 London Taxi and the Metrocab , but now there are other companies interested in being the supplier of such vehicles .
BYD delivered a fleet of 50 e6 electric cars a half year ago to the UK and now announced that 20 of them will join the Thriev taxi fleet .
“ BYD , which is bringing its range of pure electric private hire vehicles to Europe , has teamed up with Thriev to provide 20 BYD e6 cars to the company 's emission-free London chauffeur-driven fleet within the next few weeks . ”
With the first batch of e6 taxis already on the road , BYD seems to be taking the lead in London , . However , with the zero-emissions capable requirement not going into effect until 2018 , there is still 4 years to see how this all plays out .
What is Thriev and what is its plan ?
“ Thriev offers low-cost , zero-emission , chauffeured cars to corporate and private users in London . The company is rolling out an electric car programme complete with its own rapid chargers , cars and state-of-the-art car/charger scheduling systems . Part of the deal with BYD is that Thriev will equip its facility at Edgware Road , west London , with BYD 's purpose-designed charging equipment , which allows fast charging of the e6 in just two hours . ”
With a 2-hour fast charge , the BYD e6 would be able to drive two shifts a day and hundreds of kilometers a day ( about 250 km/155 miles at once and then another 250km/155 miles ) .
“ Initially , the e6 fleet is being supplied on a lease arrangement , although both BYD and Thriev expect this to be the beginning of a long-term relationship that will go some way to fulfilling a joint BYD and Thriev vision of a ‘ green city solution ' – the transitioning of key public and personal transport vehicles from petrol and diesel power to pure electric . ”
Let 's not forget that from December , BYD also has had electric buses in London .
Commenting on the agreement with Thriev , Isbrand Ho , BYD Europe 's Managing Director , statedd :
“ We have been looking at various options to bring our e6 and its proven emissions-free technology to London . We are convinced that in Thriev we have found the right partner to do this – we share many of the same objectives of providing safe , reliable and efficient green transport in cities . ”
Arvind Vij , CEO and a co-founder of Thriev remarked :
Washington County Family Justice Center.JPG
When Tanya Richards was 4 years old , her mother was killed by her boyfriend in Alabama . Thinking of her mom , Richards joined the board of Washington County 's Domestic Violence Resource Center and now is pushing to bring a family justice center to the community . The center would offer services to victims of domestic violence in one place . ( Rebecca Woolington/The Oregonian )
( Rebecca Woolington/The Oregonian/OregonLive )
Tanya Curtis Richards
A domestic violence project director accused of harassing the president of the Beaverton Area Chamber of Commerce has resigned , officials said Thursday .
Tanya Curtis Richards , 58 , had been leading the effort to open the Family Justice Center of Washington County , which would offer services and resources for victims of domestic violence in one location . She voluntarily stepped down as project director , said Hillsboro Police Chief Lee Dobrowolski , who serves as chairman of the center 's board .
On Tuesday , Richards pleaded not guilty in Washington County Circuit Court to three counts of telephonic harassment , a misdemeanor , following a Feb. 4 arrest by Beaverton police .
In an email to The Oregonian/OregonLive , her attorney , Amy Velazquez , said Richards resigned Wednesday and provided this letter to the center 's board :
`` It is with a heavy heart that I have made the decision to resign as the Project Director for the Family Justice Center of Washington County . Although I deny and have entered not guilty pleas to the accusations made against , this project is so much more important than any individual and I fear that sensational media coverage could cause people to lose sight of the mission of the FJC . Therefore I am electing to remove myself from this position , as I do not want the project impacted by claims made against me . I wish the Board and the entire FJC team much success . ''
Richards had been pursuing a friendship with the Beaverton chamber leader , Lorraine Clarno , and contacted her repeatedly from April 2014 until Jan. 28 of this year , said Officer Mike Rowe , a Beaverton Police spokesman .
Clarno did n't want any contact with her , he said , and asked Beaverton Police Chief Geoff Spalding to tell Richards to stop . The chief did so in a meeting Nov. 25 .
Later that same day , Richards contacted Clarno again , Rowe said . According to court records , the charges against Richards stem from the November contact she had with Clarno .
The Washington County Sheriff 's Office investigated a similar case involving Richards and she was arrested in April 2011 on a stalking accusation , said Sgt . Bob Ray , an agency spokesman . Court records indicate she was never charged in that case .
In December 2014 , Richards was featured by The Oregonian/OregonLive in a story about her push for the Family Justice Center and her personal connection to domestic violence work . Richards ' mother was killed by her boyfriend when Richards was 4 years old .
Richards ' position as Family Justice Center project director is paid through a $ 55,000 grant . She told The Oregonian last month that she hoped to open the center by the end of this year .
Dobrowolski said the center 's board will move quickly to find an interim director to jump into pending projects , such as grant applications .
`` We will figure out after we get the interim what the long term solution will be , '' Dobrowolski said .
-- Rebecca Woolington
503-294-4049 ; @ rwoolington
A Bellator prospect with a famous name thought he had a fight set with Dillon Danis in June . But Danis backed out after initially accepting , according to the undefeated Neiman Gracie .
Gracie told MMA Fighting that Bellator came to him about a fight with Danis at Madison Square Garden on June 24 and he accepted . Danis agreed and then changed his mind , Gracie said .
“ They offered me the fight , ” Gracie said . “ I accepted the fight , he accepted the fight and now he said no . I never asked for the fight , but I say yes . But I understand . I know I 'm a bad matchup for him . I know he 's just starting fighting and nobody wants to start their career 0-1 . I would n't take the fight neither . ”
The matchup made sense on a few levels . Both Danis and Gracie are high-level Brazilian jiu-jitsu specialists and they come from prestigious gyms in New York . Danis trains at Marcelo Garcia 's academy and Gracie calls Renzo Gracie Academy home . The facilities are just four blocks apart in Manhattan and the jiu-jitsu athletes at the gyms have a rivalry .
“ I respect the guys from Marcelo 's gym , ” Neiman Gracie said . “ They are great guys . Some of them are my friends . But it 's just because it pisses me off . I accepted the fight and now it 's not happening anymore . He says that he 's really tough , but when it 's time for him to fight , he 's not gon na fight ? ”
guys I was offered the fight with Dillon Davis at @ BellatorMMA MSG . We agreed to the fight but he backed out . This is not the first time . — Neiman Gracie ( @ NeimanGracie ) March 27 , 2017
Gracie , 28 , added that he and Danis were supposed to meet in the IBJJF Pans jiu-jitsu tournament in 2015 , but Danis did n't show up for the match and Gracie ended up getting a bye in the tournament . Gracie said he 's not sure why that happened , but possibly points to the issues Danis has had with other Renzo Gracie jiu-jitsu competitors like Garry Tonon and Gordon Ryan .
“ Dillon has a history with those guys , ” said Neiman Gracie , who is 5-0 as a pro MMA fighter between Bellator and World Series of Fighting . “ The guys want to fight him all the time and he does n't want to . But then he goes on the internet and says that he wants to . When it 's time for him to sign something , he does n't do it . ”
Danis , 23 , told Ariel Helwani on Monday 's edition of The MMA Hour that a tweet from Neiman Gracie on Monday morning was the first time he has heard of Gracie .
In response to Gracie 's claim , Danis said that Bellator offered him a fight on the MSG card , but he was only interested in fighting on pay per view , otherwise he was going to focus on two BJJ tournaments this year , IBJJF worlds and ADCC .
Danis , who has yet to have a pro or amateur MMA fight , said Bellator offered Gracie the bout without getting a confirmation from him . Bellator wanted the fight on the Spike TV portion of the event .
“ I 'm not taking that , ” Danis said he told matchmaker Rich Chou . “ I told you , I 'm only missing the worlds for pay per view . ”
Danis , who has become a well-known name in MMA circles as the grappling training partner for Conor McGregor , said he thinks he knows why Gracie is bringing this up publicly .
“ They 're just trying to get a name off me , ” Danis said . “ It 's understandable . ”
Gracie said that is n't the reason why . He said he just wanted to get his story out about what happened before Danis could spin it on social media , like he has in the past with others .
“ I do n't like that sh * t , ” Gracie said . “ If you 're gon na fight , you fight . If you 're not gon na fight , do n't say anything . If you talk sh * t , you 've got ta back it up . ”
by James Lam | Interviewer : James Lam , Rishabh Rastogi , Lee Kyung Min ( May ) | 24 January 2014
Think about going into a shopping mall blindfolded .
Would you be able to find a 7-Eleven just by smelling and listening ?
With the E-Guide project under Prof. David W.L . Cheung of the Department of Computer Science at HKU , Visually Impaired ( VI ) people can feel more accompanied when they visit public places such as shopping malls .
Apart from the smell and noise , they can now rely on an electronic guide without having to guess what is being sold as they enter a shop .
How E-Guide Came to His Mind
Trained in computer science , Prof. Cheung has a career in data management and e-commerce . However , he recently noticed the rising concerns over the under-privileged in society .
When asked what inspired him to create something that assists the blind , he said , “ … not particularly for research purposes… [ but ] because I feel that there will be good uses… As a researcher or technology developer , the biggest challenge is , if you develop something , are there going to be people using it ? ”
At the same time , the Hong Kong Federation for the Blinds approached him for help . To allow the VI to direct themselves around such a complex city as Hong Kong , Prof. Cheung set out to work with his team .
Designed to Help
The project includes a low energy Bluetooth transmitter and a receiving device similar to a cell phone . The transmitter gives out signals drawn from the back end system to the receiver . The receiver reads the signal and voices out the message to its user . Since the energy use is little , batteries are enough to keep it running . The back end system can be updated with shop information in different languages .
With this E-Guide , the VI will have more information about their whereabouts in addition to the existing tactile guide paths and Braille maps . With recent developments on an app for iOS devices , together with a specially designed cover on a smartphone , the VI can even use mobile phones as guides .
Although the theory behind the technology used and the device itself are simple , it 's not easy to work out such inventions for the disabled . The project team had to put themselves into the users ' shoes , and to do so they had to work very closely with the NGO for relevant feedback . As a result , the product turned out to be very user friendly , tailor-made for the blind .
Lessons Learned from the VI
The project gave the team a deeper understanding of the visually disabled .
Mr. Patrick K.C . Yee , the project leader , said , “ We did n't consider the sound quality very much , [ but ] they spent much more time on which speaker was the best to put into the device . They said , ‘ We can not see , so sound quality is very important . ' ” The VI have especially keen senses — a negligible detail to ordinary people can be of great significance to them .
Potentials for the Future
Prof. Cheung and the E-Guide team did n't face a lot of financial challenges because of their good intentions for the underprivileged . They received an overwhelming response from organisations such as the MTRC , the Link , Harbour City , 1881 Heritage , Hong Kong Arts Centre , LegCo , the Hospital Authority ; and more are to come .
Take a closer look at your surroundings the next time you are at the Tai Wo Hau MTR station , Wong Tai Sin Plaza or the Hong Kong Arts Centre . Prof. Cheung 's team is now working with New World First Bus , Citybus and Ebenezer School to carry out the second phase of testing — to install the devices on buses and at bus stops , so that the VI are provided with information about bus routes .
Besides its uses for the VI , the device has great potential : it can be developed into a guide for ordinary people as well , especially for tourists in museums , shopping malls , and transportation systems . In Prof. Cheung 's words , “ This is not Octopus yet , but it has the potential ” . They are waiting for this opportunity patiently . They are also looking for partners outside of Hong Kong , hoping that in the near future the device would help the blind around the globe .
Their success has once again proven that technology can make life easier for everybody . Let 's hope that one day , with the help of technology , all physically challenged people can live a convenient life just like ordinary people do in a “ barrier-free ” city .
IoP , people in cryptospace found us before
Juan Manuel Cancino Pérez Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 21 , 2017
The previous Saturday we commented in the community the twit that had appeared on the opportunity to buy our IoP token .
Sunday morning I woke up with the news that the price had a “ significant ” recovery and was catching the attention of people in crypto , who were finally coming to our groups Telegram and Discord to ask about our IoP Community .
In three days the price of IoP came from 15000 sts to 150000 sts , and for 2 days we became the currency with the highest volume of operation in Bittrex , reaching almost 8000 BTC , when four days before was 8 BTC ; there were some who earned 10 times the value of the IoP buyed price .
The Community has been reorganizing since last June to be able to present October 1st . some new products and a detailed route map . Our developers have been meeting in Budapest since the beginning of the month working on it and other associated projects of which we are part , in particular with the Libertarian Project ; and this sudden attention forced us to give answers to new people coming and to comment a little on some of our plans . However it does not change in the structural our plans to go out to the world October 1st .
What we have told to people buying IoPs .
The price has decreased considerably from its historical highs of .013 BTC up to .00015000 due to problems experienced by the community and led to separate from the project fermat .
Our Angel Investor received IoP 's at a valuation of 12 USD .
We are delivering in October an innovative , community-driven , person-to-person ( P2P ) technology that can be used for many other new projects .
We are building an infrastructure with which it would be much easier for others to build their own p2p applications right on our protocols ( and nodes ) . The first project called Libertaria will use our infrastructure
We planned to do a proof of concept of IoP Connect and it has already been released .
We planned to bring developers together for a month in Budapest and find themselves working in a cellar locked in the basement ( this is a joke , but this is handled in the community ) .
And that despite the growing attention to our currency our plans are maintained and we are within days to release the news and products .
Obviously after a multiplication of 10 times in the price there are those who sell theird coins , many of those who came to the community these last days came precisely to that ; however we have found enough visitors who have known about our project and join us to stay with us to support the fulfillment of our goals ; many thanks to them .
Since we started this escalation in price we have been asked what our goal is , asking for the price ; our response has always been and will continue to be : Building a better world .
There are only a few days left until October 1st , great things are coming .
Cosmic Crown Showdown Season 2 – The Winners
What a rush ! Our second Cosmic Crown Showdown played out over this past weekend . We now know who can claim the title of this season 's Cosmic Crown Champion . Read on for a snappy recap .
Day 1 : Preliminaries
We started on Saturday , with our qualified players from Season 2 . You can read up who made it to the Top 64 of each ladder here . Everyone fought well : we had hours of intense gameplay , interesting twists on powerful decks , and players at the top of their game . At the end of the day , a few individuals distinguished themselves in battle . Give a warm round of applause to our Day 1 winners !
Top 8 – The Finalists
Zoochz Shinshire Diablo bdubs ValueCity Simplemusings ThufirHawat BetweenRivers
Day 2 : Finals
After a good night 's rest , our final 8 competitors met again on the battleboards of Entrath and duked it out for the top spot and the lion 's share of $ 5,000 cash !
What followed was another day of exciting clashes , with Herofall strategy and exploration being pushed to the max . Below are results of this fierce competition :
Top 8 Results
Shinshire – $ 2,000 and Cosmic Crown Showdown Animated Sleeve . Diablo – $ 1,000 Simplemusings – $ 500 Zoochz – $ 500 ValueCity – $ 250 bdubd – $ 250 ThufirHawat – $ 250 BetweenRivers – $ 250
Congratulations , Shinshire , for being our second Cosmic Crown Champion ! Revel in your successes : exclusive sleeves and $ 2,000 in cold , hard bragging rights !
Congratulations also to Diablo for a well-played tournament and final match , as well as the other finalists and everyone who participated .
Finally , if you would like to follow along digitally and learn from the best this season has to offer , be sure to check out their draft over at hexmeta.com
Claim Your Rewards
Winners ! Do n't wait , claim your rewards now by sending us your payment details to the tournament email address :
hexesports @ gameforge.com
As is written in the Terms and Conditions , you must provide either of the following :
1 ) Your bank details , comprised of
Your full name
Your bank 's name
Your account number , including the IBAN and SWIFT/BIC codes
2 ) Your PayPal information
Your full name
The email address registered to your PayPal account
We hope you all enjoyed this tournament as much as we did . We are curious to see your Herofall tactics evolve in the new Ladder Season .
Thank you for playing !
Discuss this article in our forums !
Criminal cases against multiple police officers accused of raping and exploiting the teenager known as Celeste Guap fell apart over the past few months as judges decided there was n't enough evidence to order the cops to stand trial.But today , Alameda Superior Court Judge Vernon Nakamura decided that there is sufficient evidence to move forward with a case against Daniel Troy Knight , a San Francisco man accused of trying to become Celeste Guap 's pimp.Alameda District Attorney Inspectors Jeffery Israel and Andrea Moreland testified in court today that Knight reserved a hotel room for three nights at the Oakland Courtyard Marriott in March 2016 for the purpose of putting up Guap so that she could engage in sex work . Knight then received $ 300 from Guap , as well as oral sex , the inspectors said.Prosecutor Sabrina Farrell presented the court with a receipt from the hotel showing Knight paid for room with his credit card.Moreland also testified that she interviewed Knight in November of last year while investigating the case . Knight , who has no history of being involved in pimping , allegedly told Guap that he knew she was a sex worker . Moreland also testified that when she asked Knight if he offered to be Guap 's pimp , he said he `` might have , '' and `` yes '' because `` I figured she was old enough to do it , or at least I thought she was old enough . `` But Kevin Mitchell , Knight 's attorney , said his client is not guilty . He also said OPD allowed Guap to destroy evidence that might have exonerated his client.Mitchell intends to continue to fight the charges against Knight . `` I do n't envision a plea deal happening in the near future , '' he said after today 's hearing.He also likes his client 's chances . `` Their election not to call the star witness speaks volumes , '' he added about the absence of testimony from Guap.According to various police reports and court records , when Guap was initially questioned by OPD about the sex exploitation she experienced by police officers and others , the teenager destroyed evidence from her phone in their presence . The officers did not attempt to stop her from deleting the messages.During today 's hearing , Mitchell repeatedly raised questions about whether or not the cellphone and Facebook records presented as evidence in the case were complete , given prior public testimony about Guap deleting messages from her phone . `` When police officers destroy evidence , or allow someone to destroy evidence in their presence , it 's potentially useful evidence . It 's not available to me anymore , '' complained Mitchell.At least one Oakland police officer actually visited Guap for sex in the hotel room that Knight paid for . This officer was also accused of deleting information from her phone . Officer Brian Bunton visited Guap at the Courtyard Marriott on March 5 , 2016 . While he was there , he allegedly had sex with the teenager and then proceeded to open up her phone . Guap told investigators that she thinks Bunton deleted text messages he sent to her earlier.Bunton was subsequently charged with prostitution and felony conspiracy based on evidence that he traded protection for sex with Guap . Among other things , he tipped her off about possible police operations on International Boulevard in Oakland.But on Sept. 13 , Alameda County Superior Court Judge Jon Rolefson dismissed all charges against Bunton , saying there was insufficient evidence to move forward with the case . Other East Bay cops who exploited Guap have also had their charges reduced or dismissed in preliminary hearings . A sexual assault case against Oakland Police Officer Giovanni Loverde was dropped by prosecutors on Oct. 5 . Prosecutors indicated that Guap declined to testify.The day before that , Judge Rolefson threw out charges against Ricardo Perez , a former-Contra Costa County sheriff 's deputy who was also charged with oral copulation with a minor and lewd acts in a public place . The judge said there was insufficient evidence against Perez.Knight was n't as fortunate during his preliminary hearing today.Although Mitchell pointed to statements made by Guap to the district attorney 's investigators that she `` did n't want to prosecute '' him either , Judge Nakahara took no time to deliberate before ruling that there is sufficient evidence to order Mitchell to stand trial .
Gun Runner was assigned a preliminary Beyer Speed Figure of 110 ( a career high ) for his front-running 5 ¾-length victory in Monday 's $ 500,000 Razorback Handicap ( G3 ) for older horses under Florent Geroux .
It was the fifth consecutive triple-digit Beyer Speed Figure for Gun Runner , who is co-owned by Winchell Thoroughbreds ( Ron and Joan Winchell ) and Three Chimneys Farm , where he will stand upon his retirement from racing . The son of Candy Ride was using the Razorback as a possible prep for the $ 10 million Dubai World Cup ( G1 ) March 25 at Meydan Racecourse in the United Arab Emirates .
“ It 's obviously one of the choices , ” Ron Winchell said moments after the Razorback . “ We 'll see how he comes out of this race . ”
Gun Runner , who was making his 4-year-old debut , ran 1 1/16 miles over a fast track in 1:40.97 . Lost Code set the stakes record ( 1:40.40 ) in 1988 . Heatherten set the track record ( 1:40.20 ) in the $ 250,000 Apple Blossom Handicap ( G1 ) for older fillies and mares in 1984 .
Gun Runner 's mile split ( 1:34.83 ) was just off Whitebrush 's disputed track record ( 1:34.40 ) , set in the $ 50,000 Southwest Handicap for 3-year-olds in 1984 .
“ I was just telling Ron , I do n't think you could have hoped for anything better than that or anything more than that , ” said David Fiske , manager for Winchell Thoroughbreds . “ The time was good and he acted good . ”
Gun Runner bankrolled $ 300,000 to increase his earnings to $ 2,337,800 following his seventh victory in 13 lifetimes starts . He was coming off a victory over older horses in the $ 500,000 Clark Handicap ( G1 ) Nov. 25 at Churchill Downs .
Oaklawn increased the purse of the Razorback from $ 350,000 to a record $ 500,000 this year and moved the race up approximately a month to allow horses a chance to prep in Arkansas for the Dubai World Cup .
Source : Oaklawn Park
Mattlure 's Ultimate Bluegill & Shad Series
The Mattlure 's Ultimate Bluegill and Shad Series is the most
realistic bluegill bait ever made . I have improved just
about every feature from the first Ultimate gill .
First I improved the action . The bait just plain swims better . It swims well at speeds from slow to fast while running true . It has a good thump and moves a lot of water . The bass have no problem finding this bait . The next thing I did was to ad a flat tailed version for the guys who like to fish it like a jig or for a bed bait . The plastic used in the improved version is also improved . It 's softer , yet it 's more durable then the first ultimate gills . The hook is now 1 size larger and it has more gap for better hook ups . Of course the new Ultimate 's sit nose down and flair their fins like the first version did But now they are better balanced and more consistent . I also improved the paint jobs and enlarged the eyes . The fans of the first version are going to love the improved version ! The baits are 5 inches and weigh 1.8 ounces and come in many different pan fish colors .
Click on Pictures to view larger image .
One with a boot tail and the other with a flat tail .
Colors : White Male Bluegill , Male Bluegill , Female Bluegill , Redear Sunfish , Green Sunfish , Pumpkinseed , Tilapia and Crappie .
Free Shipping on Orders over $ 50.00 Free Soft Bait with orders over $ 200
All On Sale $ 23.99 Each and 3 for $ 65.99
Note : `` YOU MUST CLICK ON THE SELECT ANY 3 TO GET THE DISCOUNTED PRICE ''
Buy 3 for $ 65.99
IF YOU SELECT 3 SEPARATE BUY ME 'S YOU WILL BE CHARGED FULL PRICE FOR ALL 3 .
YOU CAN MIX AND MATCH COLORS BUT YOU HAVE TO CLICK THE BUY 3 TO GET THE DISCOUNT .
NO refunds will be given if you order 3 Baby Bass at the $ 23.99 Price !
5 '' Length , Weight - 1.8 oz . Mattlures New Ultimate Bluegill comes in 2 different versions.One with a boot tail and the other with a flat tail.Colors : White Male Bluegill , Male Bluegill , Female Bluegill , Redear Sunfish , Green Sunfish , Pumpkinseed , Tilapia and Crappie .
A Coca-Cola bottling plant has been ordered to close in northern India after local farmers blamed it for using too much water , creating fresh headaches for the world 's biggest soft-drinks maker in one of its most important markets .
Authorities withdrew consent for the Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages plant in the state of Uttar Pradesh , where ground-water levels have been critical for more than a decade , according to the government .
Warren Buffett : Absolutely no chance of taking Coca-Colaprivate
The plant closure comes as water scarcity rises up the list of risks facing multinational companies operating in regions where supplies are limited . Acute water shortages are widespread in India , largely because of wasteful irrigation practices that successive governments have struggled to address .
Campaigners applauded the move , which comes 10 years after another Coca-Cola bottling plant , in the southern state of Kerala , was closed after residents claimed it was draining and polluting local water supplies .
`` This is a great victory and a welcome confirmation that local communities can successfully take on big , powerful business , '' Nandlal Master , who has taken part in the local campaign against the multinational drinks group , told India Resource Center , an organisation that campaigns against corporate globalization .
More from the Financial Times :
Westfield'sA $ 70bn demerger wins approval
Siemens , Mitsubishi raise cash offer for Alstom
Oracle hit as growth rate disappoints
The Kerala incident galvanised awareness about water risks among global companies . Many , including Coke , have since made efforts to improve their own use of water , as well as that of local communities .
Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages said the closure was `` unprecedented '' and allegations that its water usage was irresponsible were `` misleading and false '' .
The bottling plant said it had used the water `` very responsibly and judiciously , '' adding that it had a `` shared interest in the sustainability of water resources '' .
Coke has said India could be one of its five biggest markets within the next few years and plans to invest about $ 5bn in the country between 2012 and 2020 .
Read MoreCola warsspread to Twitter and LeBron James ' legs
As temperatures soar in India , this is peak season for the country 's soft drinks industry . However , the shutdown is expected to have little impact on Coke 's business as the single-line plant is one of its smallest bottling units , producing an estimated 26,500 kilolitres of beverage a year .
The move to close the bottling plant came as Coke sought permission to expand the facility . The closure also raises questions over the ease of doing business in India .
MILA Kunis has shared how she hooked-up with former co-star and now-husband Ashton Kutcher , saying she 's not sure if she 's “ supposed to tell this story ” .
The pair worked together for eight years on That ‘ 70s Show . Kunis was 14 when she got the gig while Kutcher was 19 , and in an interview with Howard Stern , the actress said there was absolutely no romance between them .
“ Here 's the crazy part , and I say this and nobody believes me . I never looked at him as somebody that was good looking , ” she said . “ I never looked at him as somebody that was n't . I just was like , here 's a guy that I 'm working with for eight years and he 's really smart . And I had to do chemistry and he was better at chemistry than I was so he 'd help me with my chemistry homework and when I was grounded he would drive me home . ”
It was n't until a few years after the show wrapped the former co-stars crossed paths again .
Kutcher had just divorced from Demi Moore and Kunis had ended a long relationship .
Asked how their romance began , Kunis said it was supposed to be a casual , friends-with-benefits arrangement before pointing out : “ I do n't even know If I 'm supposed to tell this story — I might get in trouble for this , well , whatever . ”
“ We ran into each other out and about at an awards show , ” she recalled . “ So I see this guy and I see his back . And he 's really tall and I 'm like , who 's that tall guy ? And I 'm wearing this big poofy dress and I look ridiculous and then he just turns around and it 's literally like if we were in a movie the music would start playing and the violins would go . I think he , for the first time , ever took my breath away . I was like , f * ck he 's good looking . ”
Kutcher then invited her to his house-warming party — and she found out later he initially wanted to set her up with a friend of his . But that quickly changed .
“ Long story short , I did n't leave until the next morning , ” she continued . “ Then we ended up having a lot of talks about how this is a huge mistake and how he needs to go and be single and how I need to go and be single . It was super private for a very long time . ”
She added it was the “ first time ever ” she 'd stayed over a guy 's house after a hook-up .
“ When I was single I was so adamant about , as stupid as it sounds , never staying over at a guy 's house , ” she said . “ I was like , peace I 'm out , and he was like , you 're not leaving . ”
Mila said they both did n't want it to be anything more than casual fun , saying they 'd tell each other about the other people they were seeing , but added : “ Three months later I was like , this is n't fun anymore . ”
19 Hilarious Pictures From 2014 That Define The Stock Market 's Year
StockTwits , Inc . Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 30 , 2014
1 . For some , it 's just too easy :
How I will be trading $ AAPL tomorrow . http : //stks.co/r0F5z
— The Irrelevant Investor ( @ MichaelBatnick ) Apr . 23 at 05:48 PM
2 . The path to investing successfully usually looks a little bit like this :
3 . One of those charts that shows you what NOT to do :
$ STUDY — How not to invest : http : //stks.co/s0EcV
4 . When Homer Simpson teaches you a fairly valuable investing lesson :
$ DGAZ Some humor for traders http : //stks.co/j1FQ4
5 . The Ebola scare had everyone 's attention . But looking back on it :
$ VSR As much as I love this Ebola scare for some stocks… look at things in perspective , America . http : //stks.co/a17TN
6 . Remember those v-bottoms ? They got pretty intense . This is how they felt on the way down :
$ SPY feeling a lot like this : http : //stks.co/f1Qkn
7 . One reason why buying the dip does not work forever :
$ SPY The last “ good buy ” ends up being a “ good bye ” . Via @ Covel http : //stks.co/d177c
8 . One of the greatest Fibonacci images on the web :
here are some Fibonacci pigeons to celebrate $ TF_F $ RUT $ ES_F $ SPX http : //stks.co/qBrx
9 . How to fail at bull markets :
$ SPY Here 's one way to lose 35 % in a bull market . http : //stks.co/p14LQ
— The Irrelevant Investor ( @ MichaelBatnick ) Nov. 24 at 09:10 AM
10 . We love the StockTwits chart stream :
Dedicated to every chartist here ! Roughly 3,000 charts will be shared on StockTwits this weekend http : //stks.co/d1EEr
11 . IBM and Apple formed a partnership in 2014 . The irony :
12 . When you thought a correction would be 3 % … Max . But it was 8 % :
13 . A Wall Street classic :
14 . The GoPro IPO brought out everyone 's creativity
In honor of the $ GPRO IPO , introducing the Van Gogh Pro : http : //stks.co/r0TV2
15 . Considering small caps underperformed for all of 2014 , this just seems fitting :
$ IWM $ RUT starting to feel like this koala $ SPY $ QQQ http : //stks.co/j0nhE
16 . There was a moment , before Apple split its shares . The stock would not move :
$ AAPL this is what we have here folks , http : //stks.co/pqC0
17 . Each correction just had that feel to it :
Boy , that escalated quickly http : //stks.co/p19eS
18 . A favorite chart on StockTwits :
$ SPY Where do you think we are in the Bull Market Cycle of Crowd Psychology ? $ QQQ $ IWM $ DIA $ SPX http : //stks.co/s04kF
19 . The Fed 's , er , exit strategy :
Via @ TraderHMS : Just saw this on my stream : “ Fed ` s Exit Strategy ” http : //stks.co/j1Nu2
SYCAMORE , Ill. , Dec. 10 ( UPI ) -- Jack McCullough , who went on to a career as a cop after killing 7-year-old Maria Ridulph in Illinois in 1957 , was sentenced Monday to life in prison .
Before he was sentenced in a Sycamore courtroom , McCullough , now 73 , denied he was responsible for the stabbing death of the young girl , who had been his neighbor in Sycamore 55 years ago when his name was John Tessier , the Chicago Sun-Times reported .
`` I did not , I did not kill Maria Ridulph . I did not , '' he said , turning to face the gallery where two of Ridulph 's siblings sat .
McCullough , who could become eligible for parole in 20 years , was found guilty in September of kidnapping and killing the second-grader .
`` We know in our minds he did it , '' Patricia Quinn , Maria 's older sister , said after the sentencing .
McCullough criticized Judge James Hallock for not letting 4,000 pages of evidence collected during the FBI 's original investigation to be entered at his trial .
`` What purpose is served if you put an innocent man in prison ? '' he asked .
The evidence was disallowed because the FBI investigators and witnesses were dead or unable to testify .
The verdict is expected to be appealed .
The former Washington state police officer 's career in law enforcement ended in the 1980s after a misdemeanor conviction related to sexually abusing a teenage runaway , the Los Angeles Times reported . He had been working as a security guard for a Seattle retirement home before his arrest .
Police were tipped off when a half-sister of McCullough said her mother implicated McCullough in 1994 as she was dying of cancer .
We always knew the Toronto Blue Jays were slow , but now we have proof . ( AP )
When a new baseball statistic comes into existence there is always the exciting possibility that it proves truly illuminating and challenges the way we think about the game . More often than not , however , new metrics give us certainty about what we already suspected .
There 's nothing wrong with that . Certainty and precision are valuable commodities , even if they are n't very sexy . On Tuesday Statcast released Sprint Speed , a new statistic that 's more about confirmation than discovery . When Billy Hamilton is ranked the fastest man in baseball while Albert Pujols and Brian McCann are deemed the slowest , the findings do n't feel revolutionary — but they are valuable .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
From a Toronto Blue Jays standpoint , the new information confirms the general consensus . We already know that the Blue Jays are a slow team that do n't run the bases well , so it should n't be a surprise that they are below league-average in sprint speed at almost every position .
Even so , it is interesting to take a look at the particulars . The chart below shows where Blue Jays players ranked relative to their positional counterparts league-wide . Blue Jays show up as the coloured dots .
A couple of observations :
Story continues
It 's hard to pick up from the visual alone , but Kendrys Morales ( 24.7 ft/sec ) actually ranks a touch higher than Justin Smoak ( 24.6 ) which counts as a minor surprise . To the eye test , Morales looks like a solid candidate for slowest runner in the game .
Devon Travis is sneaky quick . He 's not a burner , but he rarely gets credit for what he does with his legs and he 's significantly faster than Ryan Goins .
Jose Bautista is in his own league when it comes to slow right fielders . His sprint speed is 25.3 ft/s while the next slowest man at his position sits at 26.1 ft/s . Players of Bautista 's age tend to get moved off the outfield and if the Blue Jays ' needs had been different he 'd probably be a 1B/DH by now .
Troy Tulowitzki is also on an island with a 0.4 ft/s gap between him and the hardly fleet-footed Asdrubal Cabrera . The fact he 's able to play a solid shortstop with such a speed deficit is a testament to his arm strength and remarkable accuracy .
Kevin Pillar is an above-average runner , but not for a centre fielder . He deserves credit for the first step , instincts , and positioning that allow him to do a decided above-average job at his position .
There 's nothing here that is surprising , but it is comforting to know that neither our eyes nor the previous statistics deceived us when it came to the Blue Jays ' speed . There are no two ways about it : this is a slow team .
FILE - In this June 16 , 2010 file photo , a rainbow forms over the City Hall building in Asheville , N.C . The idea of people who uproot and move when they retire conjures up images of warm , sunny Florida or Arizona . But some of the older members of the baby boom generation ( the 78 million Americans born between 1946 and 1964 ) are looking elsewhere , and a number of towns in cooler climates from Maine to Washington have become popular retirement destinations . Asheville has also merited mention in the lists of best places for retirees . ( AP Photo/Asheville Citizen-Times , John Coutlakis , File ) NO SALES
From the stunning views of the Blue Ridge Mountains to a vibrant art culture , Asheville , North Carolina has everything you need for a romantic getaway in the South . Here are five things to fall in love with in Asheville , recommended by local bed and breakfast innkeepers .
History
No trip to Asheville is complete without a tour through the Biltmore Estate , a 19th-century chateau-style mansion that once belonged to the Vanderbilt family . While in Asheville , you can also visit the former home of Carl Sandburg , a Pulitzer Prize-winning author . Innkeepers of Asheville B & Bs also suggest walking or jogging through the historic Riverside Cemetery .
The Outdoors
For the adventurous , the Asheville area is replete with things to do and see . Take a ride down Sliding Rock , a 60-foot smooth rock that serves as a waterslide and dumps you into a natural swimming hole . Head to Graveyard Fields to go hiking and see waterfalls , or explore the Pisgah National Forest and its hundreds of hiking trails . Back in town , head up to the three-level balcony tavern on Battery Park Avenue known as Sky Bar , and sip a drink while soaking in the panoramic view of the sunset over the Blue Ridge Mountains . Get there early , as the popular bar gets crowded at sunset , and keep in mind , it 's not open in the winter .
Art
Asheville innkeepers overwhelmingly agree that the local art galleries and markets ca n't be missed . The Folk Art Center , Woolworth Walk , and Grove Arcade feature the work of hundreds of artists , from paintings to pottery to jewelry . There are also plentiful individual galleries that are recommended , such as New Morning Gallery , Blue Spiral 1 and Grovewood Gallery . You can also visit the Penland School of Crafts to observe art being made .
Beer and Wine
Beer fanatics ca n't miss a stop in Bruisin Ales , which sells over 1,000 beers from across the world . If you prefer wine , check out Appalachian Vintner , a wine shop that also carries craft beer . Grab a bottle to go or stay for tastings or a drink on the private patio . You can also hang out at the Battery Park Book Exchange & Champagne Bar , a quirky shop that combines a bookstore with a wine bar .
Fantastic Food
Asheville has a growing culinary scene , with up-and-coming celebrity chefs and local sourcing to satisfy any foodie . Some of the most highly-recommend restaurants from innkeepers to their guests include :
Cúrate : This award-winning restaurant serves traditional Spanish tapas . It is run by Executive Chef Katie Button , who was a semi-finalist for the `` Rising Star Chef '' 2012 from the James Beard Foundation .
Plant : Enjoy tasty vegan food at this restaurant run by a chef who truly cares about the politics and ethics of food .
Bouchon French Bistro : Dine here if you 're in the mood for French comfort food and wine . No pretentiousness -- just delicious , authentic French bistro cuisine .
Corner Kitchen : When President Obama eats here , you know it 's good . Eat contemporary American cuisine in this historic home .
Cucina24 : Taste small-batch , handcrafted Italian cuisine made from fresh , local ingredients .
FUEL TV is putting in work to make the channel an all inclusive experience , and the work is paying off . With ever increasing ratings , and new content added routinely , it is a television mecca for UFC fans . Just a few hours ago , they inked a deal with middleweight star , Michael Bisping , to join the likes of Chael Sonnen , Brian Stann and Dominic Cruz in handling analyst and commentary duties on the pre- and post-fight shows , as well as the weigh-in shows .
The deal is for two years , for an unspecified number of appearances . The Count 's debut appearance on the shows this past weekend were a big hit with fans , as well as the FUEL TV brass , and served as an audition of sorts . The producers were very happy with the on-air chemistry with the other hosts , and immediately set about signing Bisping to a formal contract . Here 's what Michael had to say :
I just left my manager 's office and I just signed the contract . I 'll be a regularly featured analyst on FUEL TV . There 's a lot of downtime in between fights , so this allows me to be productive . I had a really great time last week and the producers liked me , so they offered me a contract . I think the next time I 'm due back is in three or four weeks . I 'm not sure how often I 'll be on , but it should be pretty regularly , because I 'm close to L.A .
When asked if this signified that his active fighting career might be winding down , he was adamant in rejecting that notion , stating ,
Absolutely not . This does not mean any interference with my fighting career . I 've still got a lot of time left in me . I just turned 34 last week , and I see myself going for another eight years , until I 'm 42 .
I 've got a decent head on my shoulders and I 'm comfortable in front of a camera , so this is a good fit for me , and I guess , in a sense , it will help set me up for my post fight career , but first and foremost , I 'm a fighter , and that will always come first .
I 'll be transcribing the rest of this fantastic interview for our readers in a few hours , so keep an eye out for it .
You can follow Michael via his Twitter account , @ Bisping
David Lynch calls the coincidence “ cosmic ! ”
Move over , MIDI unicorn : a new interview in Vulture with Dean Hurley , director David Lynch 's music director , reveals that Angelo Badalamenti 's MIDI notations for ‘ Laura Palmer 's Theme ' form actual twin peaks .
This is the actual MIDI sheet music for `` Laura Palmer 's Theme '' from # TwinPeaks . What does it look like to you ? https : //t.co/hza4xVDMll pic.twitter.com/YU0DEnK1gz — Vulture ( @ vulture ) May 19 , 2017
“ The MIDI notation of ‘ Laura Palmer 's Theme , ' you look at it and you 're like , ‘ What 's this a picture of ? ' ” Hurley says . “ You look at it and it 's actually… Twin Peaks . Fucking eerie , ” Hurley says . “ I showed David the photo and I was like , ‘ What does this look like to you ? ' and he said , ‘ Yeah , twin peaks . What about it ? '… I told him what it was , and he just started shouting , ‘ It 's cosmic ! It 's cosmic ! It 's cosmic ! ' and then he was like , ‘ That would make a great T-shirt . ' And then I sent it to Angelo , and Angelo was just like , ‘ Whoa… this is scary… but very cool ! ”
Season 3 of Twin Peaks premieres this Sunday , May 21 .
Your smart phone could soon be an awesome microscope
SCIENCEALERT STAFF 25 APR 2014
Image : ANU
Just like many things in science , this happened by accident .
Dr Steve Lee and his team were adding droplets of the polymer used in contact lenses onto microscope cover slips to try to develop a new type of lens . Lee was about to throw one away when one of his colleagues realised they had created a tiny lens that could be used for portable microscopes .
“ We put a droplet of polymer onto a microscope cover slip and then invert it . Then we let gravity do the work , to pull it into the perfect curvature , ” Dr Lee said in a press release . “ By successively adding small amounts of fluid to the droplet , we discovered that we can reach a magnifying power of up to 160 times with an imaging resolution of four micrometers . ”
The tiny lens , which costs less than a cent to make , can be used on smart phones to create a high-resolution microscope .
The technology has a lot of potential and it could help doctors in developing countries as well as in remote areas . Farmers could also benefit from the technology as they can take images of insects or fungus affecting their crops and send them to specialists who can identify them and provide a solution .
According to the press release the researchers have been approached by a German company who is interested in using the lenses for tele-dermatology .
Discover how the technology works in this video .
A reliable supporter of Democratic candidates in recent years , the tech industry seems to be making a right turn . These days , more and more of Silicon Valley 's campaign cash is flowing towards Republicans .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , a DC-based campaign finance watchdog , Democratic causes received 67 percent of the tech industry 's campaign money in 2008 . In 2012 , that proportion fell to 59 percent .
Related : Big Business Trend : Knock Out Disruptive Upstarts
Of the top ten politicians who have received tech industry contributions in the 2014 election cycle , four of them were Republicans . Those who made the list include Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) , Sen. John Cornyn ( R-TX ) , House Speaker John Boehner ( R-OH ) , and House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy ( R-CA ) , a tech-industry favorite . That 's up from just one Republican in the top ten during the 2010 election cycle . That year , former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina ( R-CA ) – a Silicon Valley veteran herself – received over $ 200,000 .
To be sure , political loyalties wax and wane . Tech company political action committees supported mostly GOP candidates and their causes throughout the majority of the 1990s before aligning more with Democrats in the 2000s . Now , the balance is shifting back .
Like all relationships , the Silicon Valley-Washington courtship is a two-way street . “ The question is n't whether the Internet is siding with Democrats or Republicans , but whether Republicans and/or Democrats side with the Internet , ” said Matt Schruers , a lawyer for the Computer and Communications Industry Association . “ There 's no reason the answer to both ca n't be yes . ”
Sarah Bryner , research director at the Center for Responsive Politics , points to how far and how fast the tech industry has come in recent years . “ As the industry matures and as the stakeholders become wealthier , their interests and priorities shift , ” said Bryner . “ In some cases , that might result in them moving in the direction of Republicans . ”
Related : With McCarthy 's Rise , Tech Sector Gets a Boost
But they are n't the only ones making a move .
“ What may have changed the most is that Republicans are trying harder more recently to make connections [ with tech industry leaders ] , ” said Ed Black , president & CEO of the Computer & Communications Industry Association .
It makes sense , given the growing amounts of money being poured into politics each year . In 2013 , the computer and Internet industry ranked fourth in federal campaign contributions , giving a combined $ 141,226,592 , up from $ 132,918,902 in 2012 .
Tech mogul Sean Parker is the latest and most public face to pivot towards the GOP . Parker has been a consistent Democratic contributor since he started funneling money to Washington in 2010 , but his checks are now flowing to the GOP as well .
Related : Millennials vs. Robots—Who Will Win the Jobs ?
The 34-year-old co-founder of Napster , and Facebook 's first president , Parker recently gave $ 350,000 to a super PAC backing Senator Thad Cochran ( R-MI ) as he faced Tea Party challenger Chris McDaniel . As the Silicon Valley Business Journal reported , Parker has also donated over $ 10,000 to Marco Rubio and the conservative political action committee Reclaim America PAC .
Although the Rubio contribution stands out to Bryner , she suggests Parker 's giving may have less to do with Republican candidates per se , and more to do with supporting mainstream candidates against those viewed as extremists .
“ He does n't seem to favor extreme ideologues , ” said Bryner , referring to Parker 's contribution history . “ As Congress has become more and more polarized , it may just be the case that he is trying to seek out those who he perceives to be centrists from both sides of the aisle . ”
Related : Introducing the iPhone 6 , Made in China by a Robot
But Parker is not the only tech-titan to start funneling money towards Rubio , whom many consider the GOP 's rising star . Facebook founder Marc Zuckerberg has donated nearly half of the $ 25,800 he has given so far in the 2014 election cycle to Rubio and Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-UT ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee .
Of course , the shift in campaign contributions may just be Politics 101 : People give money to those in power , or those with a shot at being in power . The fact that Republicans control the House of Representatives may indeed play an important role .
CCIA 's Black says “ Internet ” issues and “ tech ” issues are often distinct , and sometimes straddle political lines . For instance , he said , “ Immigration has played a big role in tech contributions but is n't really an Internet issue per se . ”
He continued , “ There are various issues that many in the tech industry care about , and some are a more natural fit with Democrats , others with Republicans , some neither , ” said Black , citing examples of surveillance , privacy , civil liberties , trade , and education .
Perhaps it 's no surprise that Republicans are seeing a greater share of Silicon Valley 's campaign cash , and tech industry leaders increasingly get their phone calls answered by both parties in Washington . After all , that 's politics .
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times :
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT 11 NEWS REPORTER MEGANPRINGLE EXPLAINS HOW THEBALTIMORE TEACHER SUPPLY SWAPWORKS . MEGAN : LIZ MILLER IS GETTINGREADY FOR THE START OF SCHOOL. > > I DO HAVE A LIMITED BUDGET.I NEED TO BE REALLY SMART.MEGAN : SHE TEACHES AT ACCESSART , AND SHE 'S NOT JUST GETTINGMATERIAL FOR CLASS , BUT THESTUDENTS THEMSLVES > > SOME OF MY KIDS BECAUSE THEYARE FROM A MARGINALIZEDPOPULATION MAY NOT HAV BINDERSTO PUT THEIR STUFF IN , AND THATHAMPER A CHILD 'S ABILITY TOFOCUS AND DO THEIR BEST INSCHOOL IF THEY DO N'T HAVE THESUPPLIES THAT THEY NEED.MEGAN : ALL THE SUPPLIES SHE'SPICKING UP ARE FREE.THE BALTIMORE TEACHER SUPPLYSWAP IS A WARE HOUSE FULL OFEDUCATIONAL SUPPLIES.TEACHERS AND FAMILIES PAY WHATTHEY WANT FOR A MEMBERSHIP , ANDTHEN TAKE WHAT THEY NEED > > WE 'RE JUST KIND OF BRIDGINGTHAT GAP BETWEEN PEOPLE NEEDINGSUPPLIES AND PEOPLE WHO WANT TOGIVE THEIR SUPPLIES TO SOMEONEMEGAN : FORMER TEACHER TURNEDCO-FOUNDER MELISSA BADEKER SAYSSINCE MAY OF 2014 THEY 'VE GIVENAWY $ 100,000 WORTH OF SUPPLIES > > WE PUT OUR CHILDREN 'S FUTURESIN THE HANDS OF TEACHERS ANDDO N'T EVEN GIVE THEM THE TOOLSTO SUCCEED.THERE 'S A GOOD CHANCE A PARENTOR EDUCATOR WILL FIND WHAT THENEED , FOR ALL THE SHELVESSTOCKED WITH A SUPPLIES , THEREARE PLENTY OF EMPTY ONES TOO , HIGHLIGHTING THE NEED FORDONATIONS . WE LIVE IN A WASTEFULSOCIETY.SO MUCH IS THROWN AWAY.A CORPORATION IS MOVING , ANDTHEY 'RE GOING THROUGH ALL THIS -- THEY ARE GOING TO THROW ALLOF THIS WONDERFUL STUFF AWAY.I CAN COME PICK IT UP , SORT IT , PUT IT ON THE SHELVES.USUALLY WITHIN A WEEK , IT'SGONE.MEGAN : GONE BECAUSE TEACHERSLIKE LIZ MILLER CAN USE IT THEYSAY IT MAKES ALL THE DIFFERENCE.IT CHANGES HOW THEY FEEL ABOUTTHEMSELVES , AND THAT 'S A BIG
Advertisement Teacher Supply Swap offers teachers , parents free supplies Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Parents and teachers spend a lot on school supplies . Before you reach into your pockets , you may want to visit a warehouse full of educational tools.Liz Miller is getting ready for the start of school . `` I do have a limited budget . I need to be really smart , '' Miller said.She teaches at Access Art , and she 's not just getting material for class , but the students themselves . `` Some of my kids , because they 're from a marginalized population , they might not have binders to put their stuff in , and that really hampers a child 's ability to focus and do their best in school if they do n't have the supplies that they need , '' Miller said.But all the supplies she 's picking up are free . The Baltimore Teacher Supply Swap is a warehouse full of educational supplies . Teachers and families pay what they want for a membership , and then take what they need . `` We 're just kind of bridging that gap between people needing supplies and people who want to give their supplies to someone , '' said Melissa Badeker , with Baltimore Teacher Supply Swap.Badeker , a former teacher turned co-founder , said since May 2014 , they 've given away $ 100,000 worth of supplies . `` We put our children 's futures in the hands of teachers and do n't even give them the tools to succeed , '' Badeker said.There 's a good chance a parent or educator will find what they need . For all the shelves stocked with supplies , there are plenty of empty ones , too , highlighting the need for donations . `` We live in a wasteful society , so much is thrown away . A corporation is moving and they 're going to throw all this wonderful stuff away . I can come pick it up , sort it , put it on the shelves and usually within a week , it 's gone , '' volunteer Mary Ellen Voorhees said.It 's gone because teachers like Miller can use it . They said it makes all the difference . `` It changes how they feel about themselves , and that 's a big deal , '' Miller said .
Former General Michael Hayden , former head of the NSA , has a new gig writing for the conservative Washington Times . His column will be titled “ Inside Intelligence , ” ironically , as he no longer is .
Gen. Hayden is best known for his complete support of the NSA 's surveillance programs , including his admission that XKeyscore is real , and his infamous train episode in which he was caught slagging the current administration on background . The spy was spied on by a reporter with a Twitter account . Classy .
As Politico notes , the Times has been on a hiring kick lately :
The Times has been building up a stable of conservative columnists in recent months , including Christine O'Donnell , Tom DeLay , Steve Deace , Tammy Bruce , Thom Loverro and Ben Carson , all of whom have signed on with the conservative newspaper in the past year or so . Sen. Rand Paul also joined the paper last year , but was suspended in November after instances of plagiarism .
Here 's a question : What 's the chance that Gen. Hayden elucidates the public on the inner workings of our intelligence agencies , or that he does n't divulge a whit , and instead merely bloviates about how people irked by incursions into their privacy are wrong ?
Yep .
I felt like Santa Claus earlier this month — the Amazon.com version , at least .
I 've spent the past few weekends trying my hand as a driver for Amazon Flex , the company 's Uber-esque platform that lets everyday people like you and me deliver packages with our own cars .
The program , which debuted in 2015 and is now active in 50 cities , helps Amazon complete the “ last mile ” for customer orders — the final stretch of a delivery that is short in distance , yet often the most expensive part of the e-commerce supply chain . It 's becoming increasingly important as Amazon 's shipping costs could balloon to $ 7 billion this holiday quarter while the tech giant meets growing customer expectations — in particular from its Prime members , who pay $ 99 per year to receive free 2-day shipping on millions of items , among other benefits .
Amazon Flex covers not only Amazon.com orders , but also items from Prime Now , the company 's two-hour delivery service ; AmazonFresh , its grocery delivery service ; and Amazon Restaurants .
My experience thus far has been fascinating and actually sort of fun during the holidays , when many are relying on Amazon for their gift shopping . It 's not a glamorous high-paying job by any means — you 're a contractor , not an employee , using your own car and paying for your own gas without any direct benefits from Amazon . But it 's also relatively simple , thanks to Amazon 's impressive technology and demand for more people to deliver packages .
The slick Amazon Flex app powers everything , from scanning your packages at a pickup center , to figuring out what routes to take , to ultimately confirming that an order has been delivered — which includes taking photos of packages left at a doorstep .
I 've done two shifts for Amazon.com orders and made $ 118.50 total , not counting gas expenses and overall wear and tear on my car . They were quite different — one evening I only had to deliver three packages and made $ 60 , while a week later I spent nearly three hours on a Saturday afternoon stopping at more than 35 different houses within a half-mile of each other . ( Note : I 'm donating my earnings to GeekWire 's Geeks Give Back campaign to support the Washington State Opportunity Scholarship )
It 's funny watching customer reactions when a guy in a beanie , hoodie , and sweatpants — not a uniformed UPS or USPS driver , for example — shows up on their doorstep , package in hand .
“ Are they doing private deliveries now ? ” asked one nice elderly woman as she did a double-take .
( Side note : Amazon says “ you are free to choose your attire while delivering for Amazon Flex . ” )
To become a Flex driver for Amazon.com deliveries , you need to meet some basic requirements ; a smartphone and a 4-door vehicle for starters . Amazon also runs a background check and asks you to watch a series of instructional videos that are always accessible on the app . Other than that , it 's pretty easy to join the program .
Once activated on Flex , you find work by checking on available “ blocks ” that Amazon offers , which frequently change and vary on time , pay , and pickup location .
First day on the job
For my first attempt , I chose a $ 60 three-hour shift from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. on a Sunday evening , starting from the pickup center in Seattle 's Georgetown neighborhood . The app pushed a notification one hour prior , providing me directions to the center .
I rolled up and waited in a long line of cars also working the same shift . I had a nervous excitement , kind of like arriving on the first day of a job . After driving into the warehouse and parking , I found an Amazon rep who had a QR code I scanned with the app that checked me in . He noted that there were n't a ton of packages to be delivered on this particular night .
The evening shift seemed to consist partly of packages that could n't be delivered by other drivers during the day . I was only given three orders , all of which were to customers in the Bellevue area , east of Seattle .
I scanned each package with the app and put them in my car . One was extremely heavy and large ; I wondered how I was going to actually get this to someone 's doorstep by myself .
When I was ready to leave , the app automatically directed me to the first stop , as decided by Amazon 's algorithms . You can also choose your own route and order of delivery , but I followed what Amazon provided . The maps software is based on HERE , originally developed by Nokia . Amazon may be avoiding Google Maps or Apple Maps because it wants to keep its delivery data close to the vest .
After arriving at the first house , the app automatically knew where I was and prompted me to scan the package . It noted that there was “ no recipient needed , ” meaning I did not have to hand the package to a person . I rang the doorbell — Amazon recommends this for deliveries before 8 p.m. — and handed off the box to my first customer . Amazon asked me where I left the package — the recipient ; a receptionist ; front door ; back door ; secure mailroom ; etc . — and I checked off the appropriate box .
Next up was an apartment , which proved to be much more complicated . The recipient did provide an access code , but it was difficult finding the specific complex , especially in the dark . I spent an extra ten minutes trying to locate the actual apartment .
Finally , I arrived at the door and knocked . No one responded . This was another “ no recipient needed , ” but when I selected the “ front door , ” the app asked me to take a photo of where I left the package . This was one of several times during my Amazon Flex work when I thought about the increasing number of package thefts and what companies are doing to prevent them .
The app does provide a way to call the customer or Amazon support , which is helpful . If you 're unable to deliver a package , you drive back to the pickup center when your shift is complete and drop it off .
On the way to my third delivery , I had some time left in my block , so I stopped for a quick bite at Burgermaster — a classic joint around Seattle , and a favorite of Bill Gates .
Speaking of Gates , my third and final package was addressed to a home in his Medina neighborhood . It was n't for the Microsoft co-founder , but the home seemed like a mansion at the end of a windy road . The package itself was massive , and I barely could lift it up the stairs to the doorstep . It seemed a little unreasonable for Amazon to expect a Flex driver to deliver this box , particularly to this specific home , without any help from a trolley or cart .
The customer greeted me at the door and had a lot of questions : why was I driving a regular car ? Does Amazon deliver on Sunday ?
My job was done after 71 minutes and 20 miles of driving , with a burger break in between — not bad for $ 60 . Amazon asked a few survey questions at the end of the shift as a way for me to provide feedback .
My next Flex experience was much , much different .
41 packages , 3 hours , $ 58.50
I nabbed a 3-hour shift on a Saturday afternoon , set to start at a facility in North Seattle . This one was much different — not a big warehouse , but a small dedicated Amazon Flex office with a parking lot .
I parked , walked into the office , and checked in by scanning a QR code . Shortly after that , a friendly attendant lifted a blue cover off of this :
41 packages ? For me ? In my car ? Wowza .
The attendant told me that 15 packages per hour was the average workload , so I prepared myself for a full 3-hour shift .
I had watched some how-to Amazon Flex videos on YouTube uploaded by other couriers and learned that some people strategically organized packages in their vehicle depending on address and drop-off order , to speed up the delivery process .
After scanning each package with my smartphone , I was n't quite sure how to position each box in my car to optimize for efficiency . I wish Amazon made this process more systemic , because I ended up spending a lot of time searching for the right package during my drive .
This shift took much longer than my first — two hours and 25 minutes — but I drove less than 10 miles . Some quick observations from this particular shift :
All 41 packages were within a one-mile radius . At some points there were deliveries for three consecutive houses — it was another reminder of how dominant Amazon has become .
I saw several Ring doorbells , which seem like a good way to prevent package theft or at least have a way to see what 's going on your doorstep .
When I had an issue , the app seemed to have an answer . For example , sometimes my GPS would n't detect that I was at a particular address and the app would n't allow me to continue with a delivery . However there was an option in the app — “ I 'm at the address but my GPS is n't working ” — that let you continue , which was clutch .
I felt a little nervous leaving my car running while I made a delivery — I had 41-plus packages in the back of my car that were clearly visible .
I also wondered if people thought I was a porch pirate , given my attire and how I was walking around carrying Amazon boxes . This article notes Amazon drivers being confused for thieves .
Sometimes it was tough finding a safe place to park , especially on busy streets .
The work was somewhat labor intensive — getting in and out of your car each time , carrying heavy packages , etc .
I forgot to scan one package at the outset , so I had to bring it back to the Amazon Flex pickup facility when my shift was over .
Analysis
Amazon Flex , like other gig economy services such as Uber or Postmates , provides people with an easy way to make some cash . Signing up is simple ; the work is n't too demanding ; and you get paid within a few days .
Amazon says you can make up to $ 18-to- $ 25 per hour . After subtracting costs of gas ; parking/tolls ; smartphone data usage ; and wear and tear of your car , the pay seems to be a little more than minimum wage . The job can also get stressful when you deal with apartment buildings , app errors , or other problems .
But being able to pick from plenty of shifts and make a quick buck is pretty nice , especially if you 're trying to pay a bill or supplement your primary income . To that point , it would be difficult to justify doing Amazon Flex for a full-time gig .
“ Amazon Flex provides a flexible opportunity for Delivery Partners looking to turn free time into supplemental or part-time income , ” Amazon 's FAQ page reads . “ The available delivery blocks may fluctuate week to week and are not guaranteed . ”
My experience so far has been pretty smooth , but a quick look on Glassdoor and Indeed reveals some complaints . Other Flex drivers are also suing Amazon , claiming that they should be treated as employees , not contractors .
This Gizmodo story also described Amazon Flex as “ a network of supposedly self-employed , utterly expendable couriers enrolled in an app-based program which some believe may violate labor laws. ” It noted that “ government agencies and customers alike are nearly oblivious to the program 's existence . ”
Does Amazon Flex make sense economically for the company ? Amazon paid me $ 60 to deliver three packages — not so sustainable — but it also paid me $ 58.50 to deliver 41 packages , which comes out to about $ 1.50 per order .
It 's unclear how that stacks up to a paying a company like UPS , or a third-party delivery provider like OnTrac . One thing is certain : Amazon 's drones , if they ever make it , would be much more cost-effective .
So why did Amazon launch Amazon Flex ? Put simply , the company needs help . Long ago , Amazon relied on USPS and UPS to get its packages delivered . Fast forward to today , though , and the company is not only selling more products on its site , but also guaranteeing speedy delivery to customers , in particular its valuable Prime members .
Amazon Flex is just one part of the company 's expansive logistics network . As it continues to make more first- and third-party products available on its site , many of which are eligible for 2-day shipping , Amazon is looking at new ways to manage and deliver the inventory .
The tech giant still relies on USPS and UPS , but it also now uses its own trailer trucks and jumbo jets to deliver packages .
For third party sellers , Amazon is reportedly testing a service called “ Seller Flex ” in the U.S. that consists of the company picking up packages sold on its site directly from the third-party warehouses . It 's an expansion of Fulfillment by Amazon .
“ Handling more deliveries itself would give Amazon greater flexibility and control over the last mile to shoppers ' doorsteps , let it save money through volume discounts , and help avoid congestion in its own warehouses by keeping merchandise in the outside sellers ' own facilities , ” Bloomberg reported in October .
The company also recently expanded its Lockers concept with a Amazon Hub , a new delivery locker for apartment lobbies that accepts packages from any sender , shipped via any carrier . It 's the latest move by Amazon to expand its physical retail and delivery infrastructure , ranging from its Whole Foods acquisition to its rollout of the Treasure Truck into new markets across the country .
As Amazon invests more into its delivery infrastructure , the company 's traditional retail rivals , including Walmart , Best Buy and Target , are also spending big on their own e-commerce and shipping initiatives in an effort to keep up with the e-commerce juggernaut .
Amazon has an advantage over those competitors , in that it can leverage growing profits from its Amazon Web Services cloud computing division to allow its e-commerce operations to run on razor-thin profits margins , and even at a loss .
Amazon 's rising shipping costs and related initiatives to manage delivery logistics also demonstrate the larger shift toward online shopping . For the first time this year , shoppers surveyed by Deloitte say they are planning to spend a majority of their holiday budgets online — 51 percent — compared with 42 percent in store , and 7 percent through catalogs and direct mail . Adobe reported that a record $ 6.59 billion was spent online in the U.S. on Cyber Monday , an increase of 16.8 percent year-over-year — the largest online shopping day in history .
So all that being said , would I recommend driving for Amazon Flex ? I found the job to be straight-forward and relatively stress free . A few 3-hour shifts here and there provide nice little boost to your wallet . It 's nice knowing what work you 'll be doing , at what time , and how much you 'll be paid upfront , versus driving around for a platform like Uber where it 's a bit more spontaneous .
Amazon Flex is n't the right fit if you 're looking for full-time work , but if you have some free time and do n't mind driving your own car for the job and using your own smartphone , it 's worth a look .
This was my initial post to mark it as received 12/20 :
HOLY CRAP ! I took a ton of photos and will be taking more tomorrow , I really ca n't thank my Santa enough , this was such a wonderful surprise ! OH MY GOODNESS ! I will post all my photos on Monday .... WOW THANK YOU .
Update 12/23 :
I lied . It is Tuesday .
I had a freak medical issue on Friday that caused me a LOT of pain and crappy feelings , so this gift was so unbelievably welcome and well timed when it showed up Saturday morning . I was feeling very cold and very ill and could n't be more surprised at these HUGE boxes that showed up at my door .
Once I saw `` Limo Studio '' I squealed out loud . I bought a used lighting kit sometime last year to shoot my sewing work and it was previously very much well loved . I only had two lights as the previous owner had broken one , the soft boxes were difficult to put together , and things were difficult for me - a beginner - to light well . In addition to the lights , my backdrop stand was beginning to sag and it would sloooowly slide down if it was raised higher than a certain point . I put up a new lighting kit and backdrop stand on my Amazon wishlist earlier this year and occasionally would look , sigh , and decide `` Well ..... they still ... kind of .... work , right ? '' I am so thankful that my Santa took this leap for me because now all I want to do is create gowns faster so I can take photos .
A small package also arrived ... I mentioned on my likes/dislikes that I love reading at night on my Kindle . I used to have a pretty good case with a built-in light that eventually broke due to poor design , and I 've had issues finding a similar case that I liked , so I 've been using a flashlight with mixed results . I love the size and format of my `` old '' Kindle so I 've never really been tempted to upgrade just for more case options so I just kept making it work . Somehow ... some way my Santa found an AMAZING case for MY Kindle . MYYYYYY Kindle . It is seriously the best case ever . The light does n't use the Kindle 's power like my old case did and there are batteries for it that can be replaced . It has a bright and EVEN light- my old case I would have to shift around the light to see the bottom part of the screen . It 's seriously so amazing , reading has become FUN again at night , Santa , thank you .
These gifts were so well chosen and so generous I am in awe . I had a friend over for movie night tonight and we ended up ignoring the movie and playing photo shoot instead . I decided to climb in the wrapping bag from Amazon and thought I looked like a slug . So ... I am now a Christmas slug .
Merry Christmas with all my love , Slug .
10/10 would recommend this Santa to giftees .
Working beneath 1,000-watt bulbs , Mark Arnold , assistant grower for pot producer AuricAG in Seattle , cuts the center hearts off the lower branches of the marijuana plants to increase growth to the buds . Washington state on July 7 , 2014 began issuing licenses to sell marijuana , with a first round of pot store openings expected the next day .
WASHINGTON — After legalizing recreational marijuana in 2012 , Washington state on Monday began issuing licenses to sell it , with a first round of pot store openings expected Tuesday .
But it 's a pastime that stops at the gates of military installations , and officials are warning troops and Department of Defense civilians alike that indulging , on or off base , in a drug that 's still outlawed by the federal government can result in serious consequences .
For servicemembers , that could range from a general discharge for a positive drug test all the way up to dishonorable discharge and jail time for possession .
“ Drug abuse is incompatible with military service , ” the staff judge advocate for the 62nd Airlift Wing reminded troops at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in a recent article on the base newspaper .
DOD civilians face potential job loss and federal prosecution for possession . Dependents are n't under the same rules for use off-post , but possession or use on a military installation is still illegal .
Colorado 's legal recreational marijuana trade began Jan. 1 . A Fort Carson official speaking on condition of anonymity said that since the law was changed , there has been no discernible effect on drug arrests or prosecutions on post , adding that those who wanted to smoke pot could easily get it in Colorado prior to legalization .
Colorado state coffers look to be benefiting from the change ; estimates vary , but the Denver Post reported that current predictions are for $ 30.6 million in pot taxes for the fiscal year that began July 1 . Washington state voters are hoping for a similar boost .
But Department of Defense personnel wo n't be allowed to add to that revenue , according to a Facebook post in recent weeks from Joint Base Lewis-McChord officials .
“ The short version : Despite changes to Wash. state laws , marijuana possession and use remains illegal under federal law , ” the Facebook post said . “ Military family members and visitors to the base should be aware that despite the state laws , possession/sale/use of marijuana * on JBLM property * will be prosecuted in accordance with the federal laws that remain in effect .
“ Additionally : Marijuana use by service members is prohibited under the UCMJ , regardless of where they are located ( on- or off- base ) .
“ Finally , use of marijuana by federal employees is prohibited as a condition of employment ( Executive Order 12564 : “ Drug Free Federal Workforce ” ) . ”
The posting generated some predictable pushback , with one Facebook user commenting that “ George Washington , founder of the US Army had 700 acres of marijuana at Mount Vernon and according to his journal he smoked it too. ” Others discussed legal limitations on search and seizure by military authorities .
But Facebook user Tom Schmidt wrote , “ ( I ) f they are stupid enough to use it , they will only be facilitating the drawdown .... via the express lane .... buh bye .... ”
carroll.chris @ stripes.com
Twitter : @ ChrisCarroll_
Why wo n't the government just shut it down ?
The records of the Bitcoin network , including all balances and transactions , are stored on every computer helping to maintain the network — about 9,500 computers in late 2017 .
If the government made it illegal for Americans to participate in this network , the computers and people keeping the records in other countries would still be able to continue . The decentralized nature of Bitcoin is also one of the qualities that have made it popular with people who are suspicious of government authorities .
Can Bitcoin users give themselves more Bitcoins ?
Anyone helping to maintain the database of all Bitcoin transactions — the blockchain — could change his or her own copy of the records to add more money . But if someone did that , the other computers maintaining the records would see the discrepancy , and the changes would be ignored .
Are there legal uses ?
Only a small percentage of all transactions on the Bitcoin network are explicitly illegal . Most transactions are people buying and selling Bitcoins on exchanges , speculating on future prices . A whole world of high-frequency traders has sprung up around Bitcoin .
People in countries with high inflation , like Argentina and Venezuela , have bought Bitcoin with their local currency to avoid losing their savings to inflation .
One of the most popular business plans is to use Bitcoin to move money over international borders . Large international money transfers can take weeks when they go through banks , while millions of dollars of Bitcoin can be moved in minutes . So far , though , these practical applications of Bitcoin have been slow to take off .
How can I buy a Bitcoin ?
“ No words can describe the damage in the streets , ” said an activist in the Baba Amr neighborhood who used a nom de guerre , Al-Jid . “ The snipers are spread all around . The shelling for the past two days was the worst . ”
At least four people died in the city on Thursday , and activists say the toll in recent weeks has been in the hundreds ; there have been frequent reports of desperate shortages of medicine and food as the siege has continued .
Photo
The Local Coordination Committees , an opposition group , said that more than two dozen people had also been killed in the city of Hama , but did not elaborate on the circumstances of the deaths . Reuters , citing activists in Hama , said that government security forces had lined up and fatally shot 13 men and boys from one extended family in the village of Kfartoun in Hama Province . Neither the death tolls , nor the report of the massacre , could be independently confirmed .
Activist groups reported dozens of people killed in heavy fighting in Idlib Province as well .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and several foreign ministers of European and Arab countries met in London on Thursday ahead of the international “ Friends of Syria ” meeting in Tunis . They discussed urgent efforts to provide humanitarian assistance , especially medical supplies to Homs and other battered cities . A senior State Department official traveling with Mrs. Clinton said that countries were ready to provide considerable assistance “ within days ” through United Nations relief agencies , but that “ the real challenge is the access issue . ”
In a press conference Thursday , Mrs. Clinton moved the United States a step closer to recognizing the Syrian National Council , an exile opposition group , though a formal recognition is not expected in Tunis . She also said later , discussing growing pressure on Mr. Assad : “ There will be increasingly capable opposition forces . They will — from somewhere , somehow — find the means to defend themselves as well as begin offensive measures . And the pressure will build on countries like Russia and China because world opinion is not going to stand idly by . ”
Both countries recently vetoed a United Nations Security Council resolution supporting a plan to end the bloodshed . Russia has said it will not attend the Tunisia meeting and news reports on Thursday said China had not committed , blunting the gathering 's chances of securing strong action against Mr. Assad 's government .
Photo
On Thursday , the former United Nations secretary general , Kofi Annan , was appointed as the joint United Nations- Arab League envoy on the Syrian crisis .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The United Nations report released Thursday argued that Syria was now “ on the brink ” of civil war and said “ the continuation of the crisis carries the risk of radicalizing the population , deepening inter-communal tensions and eroding the fabric of society . ”
“ The commission received credible and consistent evidence , ” the investigators said , “ identifying high- and mid-ranking members of the armed forces who ordered their subordinates to shoot at unarmed protesters , kill soldiers who refused to obey such orders , arrest persons without cause , mistreat detained persons and attack civilian neighborhoods with indiscriminate tanks and machine-gun fire . ”
The investigators said the report was based on 369 interviews with victims , witnesses , defectors , other people with “ inside knowledge ” of the situation in Syria and some government supporters . They also examined photographs , video recordings and satellite imagery to corroborate some witness accounts of the unrelenting crackdown on those who have been protesting Mr. Assad 's leadership for months .
Video
The investigators said they had not been allowed to enter Syria to conduct inquiries , but did many interviews by phone and spoke in person with people who had fled the country .
There was no immediate response by the Syrian authorities . Accusations of human rights abuses made last November were rejected as false by the Syrian diplomatic mission in Geneva in a statement on Jan. 23 that said “ armed terrorist groups , ” not government forces , were responsible .
Among the scores of people who activist groups reported were killed by rockets and bombs through the day on Wednesday in Homs were Western journalists , the veteran American war correspondent Marie Colvin , who had been working for The Sunday Times of London , and a young French photographer , Rémi Ochlik . The two had been working in a makeshift media center that was destroyed in the assault . Activists said that the center had been targeted and that Syrian reconnaissance aircraft had probably spotted satellite transmitters on the roof of the building where it was located . The government denied targeting journalists .
The killings provoked outrage , with powerful media figures and European politicians calling on Syrian forces to permit the retrieval of the bodies . At least two other journalists were wounded on Wednesday , and their newspapers in London and Paris said they were trying to find ways to rescue them .
Video
One of the wounded journalists , Edith Bouvier , 31 , is a freelancer for the newspaper Le Figaro . Videos on YouTube showed her and Paul Conroy , a photographer who lives in Britain , appealing for help .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of the videos also shows a Syrian man in medical scrubs and a stethoscope who seconded Ms. Bouvier 's call for immediate evacuation and said her life was in danger . “ We need help to stop the bombardments and save Edith , ” the man said in Arabic .
According to Syria 's official SANA news agency , the Foreign Ministry in Damascus on Thursday rejected “ all statements that hold Syria accountable for the death of journalists who infiltrated Syria at their own risk without the Syrian authorities ' knowledge of their entry and whereabouts . ”
Activists , civilian journalists and foreign correspondents who have sneaked into Syria have infuriated the authorities and foiled the government 's efforts to control the coverage of clashes .
Mike Tyson has an interesting new book out called Iron Ambition . In it he talks about his violent childhood , explores his relationship with his late coach , the great Cus D'Amato , and kicks the whole thing off with a passage about wandering around his old Brooklyn neighbourhood , marvelling at the gentrification , tourists and , above all , the sight of people taking selfies all over the place .
Like many other grouchy middle-aged men Mike has n't , you sense , fully engaged with the selfie craze . “ Imagine trying to do that with the people I was hanging out with in Times Square , ” he writes . “ ‘ Hey man , let 's take a selfie ! ' Motherfuckers would start beating on you and leave you in a coma in the street. ” We can never go back , of course . But in many ways , happier , wiser times .
‘ Iceman ' Victor Lindelof can bring calm and class to Manchester United 's defence | Jacob Steinberg Read more
This is not , yet , the most famous Tyson quote . That comes instead from his time rampaging around the heavyweight division when he was asked by a room of journalists about an opponent 's plans to dance inside , hit and run and generally pick him off . “ Everyone has a plan , ” came the reply . “ Until they get punched in the mouth . ”
It is a cool quote , albeit perhaps a little misunderstood , with an assumption among those who perhaps did n't see Tyson in his prime that saying this marks him out as a force of untutored aggression , all front-foot brutality . Read the book and you realise the phrase has strong echoes of D'Amato , a brilliant strategist who talked first of all about not getting hit , and whose triumph was to turn Tyson into a counterpunching technician , saving his most ferocious attacks for when he 'd just slipped your best shot .
What Mike and Cus were saying was : you may have a plan but ours is better . Just as all trainers and indeed football managers work relentlessly on defence , the flaws in their opponents ' attack and disrupting first of all what 's coming back at them .
Can you feel it yet ? Can you feel José Mourinho 's hard , flat , insolent gaze glaring out between these words ? This week another fascinating set of quotes has been doing the rounds , this time from Mourinho , extracted from remarks he made at a Lisbon university about his preparations for the Europa League final against Ajax . These were picked up by the newspaper Tribuna Expresso and translated by the football analyst Tiago Estêvão . Again the talk was about strategy and , above all , about getting your retaliation in first .
The first striking thing is the level of detail in Mourinho 's prep for Ajax , the way he really does visualise the game in advance , reaching his horrible hands through his opponent 's rib cage and gouging his nails into the vital organs .
The second striking thing was the response on social media to this insight , reflecting a certain acerbic reaction to Mourinho 's first season at Manchester United , the tendency to hold a perfumed handkerchief to the nose , to splutter about “ anti-football ” , to suggest that setting out a team defensively is in some way cynical or disrespectful . And beyond this , the idea a club like United should instead be imposing its own freewheeling , tousle-haired will , leaving the washing-up , romping about like cosseted puppies and all the rest .
This still feels a bit baffling to the neutral . Looking at Mourinho 's notes it is hard to see anything but complete respect for his opponent and indeed for his sport . He 's not mucking about here . Mourinho watched eight Ajax matches before Stockholm . He had a clear plan , a set of counter measures that worked so well that with 10 minutes gone he was already telling Rui Faria “ we have them in our pockets ” .
The first stage of this was to “ create instability ” by hustling Matthijs de Ligt , Ajax 's usual conduit from the back , forcing Davinson Sánchez to take the ball forward instead . Sánchez is hugely talented and shut Marcus Rashford down on the night but he 's not as good on the ball as his partner . So in one move a strength became a weakness .
Carrying the ball forward , Sánchez looked up and found stage two : United matched Ajax 's midfield man for man , leaving no real option but to pass long . Which he did . By the end Sánchez had made 35 more passes than De Ligt , including nine long balls , and every part of the Ajax machine had been very slightly jiggered out of place . Everybody has a plan – until they get hustled into a series of unplanned movements by a master of the pre-emptive smothering tweak .
Mourinho also had his defence under strict orders . Chris Smalling , who can – let 's face it – at times look like he 's playing in a pair of oversized square-toed cow-poke boots , was told to pass long every time , to make no attempt to link with his midfield , thereby negating Ajax 's powerful high press .
They followed the drill . United 's back four played 25 long balls . Smalling and Daley Blind did n't pass once to Paul Pogba . A team of stars man-marked a 17-year-old novice defender . And United won a European final at a guarded canter by the horribly subversive pragmatism of not giving the ball to their £90m record signing . “ For me beautiful is not giving our opponents what they want , ” Mourinho sneered in Lisbon . I was n't there but , let 's face it , he sneered it , maybe even cackled it . And he 's right . This is in its own way deeply beautiful .
So why the snorts of unhappiness ? Clearly defensive football is n't everyone 's idea of fun . It does n't look good on the telly . Pogba 's willingness to fit the plan is admirable but his own extreme talents may get more of an airing elsewhere . Similarly Mourinho 's love of the system , his ability to wrench out an opponent 's circuit boards , have seen his greatest triumphs arrive at clubs just below the top tier , turning a B-list European power into a snarling , spitting , brilliantly obstructive champion .
Beyond this it is hard to avoid the idea that people make the mistake of conflating Mourinho 's tactics with his toxic and infuriating public persona : the sneakiness , the tedious jibes , the sight of him stalking the touchline haggardly in baggy grey shell suit trousers with the look of a man dragged from his static caravan in the wee hours and forced to walk four miles down the hard shoulder in search of a canister of butane gas , only to find he 's forgotten his wallet , lost one of his flip-flops in a gorse bush and is being taunted by a busload of primary school children .
For all that , the notion this is somehow beneath Manchester United seems a bit odd . The later Sir Alex Ferguson teams were hardly buccaneering free spirits swinging from the hip . Chewing through a third manager in three years , United have now won two Cups . This feels like progress , an ice pick lodged in the cliff face .
Mourinho may be a counterpuncher . He may be Floyd Mayweather rather than Roberto Durán . But even in a nation where an academic , systems-based approach has so often been jeeringly dismissed , the obsession with team , with winning by first of all preventing defeat , has its own kind of refined mathematics , even its own kind of poetry .
( 10/06/15 ) - For the first time , Erin Brockovich is talking about Flint 's Water Emergency .
The well-known water activist is weighing-in in an interview exclusively with ABC12 News .
Brockovich has been following Flint 's Water Emergency closely . She even sent one of her colleagues to Flint in the winter to offer advice to city leaders .
`` These people need clean water . They do n't need it tomorrow , they need it today , they needed it yesterday , '' Brockovich said .
Brockovich is best known for her water investigation in Hinkley , Calif. That story was later made into a movie in 2000 .
For 22 years , she has n't stopped fighting .
`` Water is the most important thing , is all of our lives , and there is obviously a crisis in this country that we are n't paying attention to at a national level , '' Brockovich said .
Last February , her colleague , Bob Bowcock , came to Flint to offer advice to local leaders . He joined protesters in their plea for better water .
Bowcock says since that visit , the local water activists have set an example for people across the country who want better water in their own homes .
`` There are communities from every state that are asking , 'How can we do what Flint is doing ? ' '' Bowcock said .
Brockovich said she will continue to hold the politicians feet to the fire for the people of Flint .
`` Everyone keeps passing the buck and I guess everyone thinks that the situation in Flint will go away . It 's not , '' Brockovich said .
She wants the local water activists to keep pushing for answers .
`` You never go away . Stay at it because the more pressure you do , you will get the results you want and that is clean water for your community , '' Brockovich said .
Brockovich does n't have plans to come to Flint now , but she is considering a visit in the future .
In one who has gone the full distance , is free from sorrow , is fully released in all respects , has abandoned all bonds : no fever is found .
The mindful keep active , do n't delight in settling back . They renounce every home , every home , like swans taking off from a lake .
Not hoarding , having comprehended food , their pasture — emptiness & freedom without sign : their trail , like that of birds through space , ca n't be traced . Effluents ended , independent of nutriment , their pasture — emptiness & freedom without sign : their trail , like that of birds through space , ca n't be traced .
He whose senses are steadied like stallions well-trained by the charioteer , his conceit abandoned , free of effluent , Such : even devas adore him . Like the earth , he does n't react — cultured , Such , like Indra 's pillar , like a lake free of mud . For him — Such — there 's no traveling on . Calm is his mind , calm his speech & his deed : one who 's released through right knowing , pacified , Such .
The man faithless / beyond conviction ungrateful / knowing the Unmade a burglar / who has severed connections whoare destroyed his chances / conditions who eat vomit : / has disgorged expectations : the ultimate person .
In village or wilds , valley , plateau : that place is delightful where arahants dwell .
Delightful wilds where the crowds do n't delight , those free from passion delight , for they 're not searching for sensual pleasures .
Patrick Tresset draws portraits . He does n't move the pen with his own hand , or even look at the person with his own eyes . Tresset , a former painter , makes his portraits vicariously through a robot .
I 've seen many many robots that draw . Often , the result is impressive for sure , but lacking in the kind of organic sensibility that comes from a human hand . Tressett 's portrait robot , however , impressed me with its results . They felt very similar to what you would have seen from an artist siting at the table .
Trasset has spent 10 years experimenting with different ways to adjust the code and the physical mechanisms to give the results a very organic feel . The results as seen in the video are quite nice . I had incorrectly assumed that this was , like all other drawbots , merely transposing an image to paper after some filtering . I just assumed that the act of repeatedly looking at the person was merely for show , to add some perceived personality . I was wrong ! Trasset share with me the research paper in which he describes the incredible work that went into creating a robot that actually takes actions to mimic a person in order to recreate an image that it has seen . If you 're feeling especially curious , you can read that research paper in pdf here .
This certainly wo n't be replacing a human artist any time soon . It does , however , seem to inhabit a space somewhere in between a human artist and a simple pen plotter . I know that I found the images to be quite captivating and would happily place one on my wall .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Table-topping Leicester City stars were turned away from a top London nightclub - and were even forced to stand aside to let some Tottenham players inside the venue .
Danny Drinkwater , Andy King , Matty James and Ben Hamer were not allowed into Mayfair club Drama on Saturday night as they tried to celebrate Drinkwater 's 26th birthday .
It happened just hours after the Foxes had beaten Watford 1-0 to extend their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with just nine games to play .
But their position at the top of the table did n't help them gain access to one of London 's top nightspots .
As the four of them tried to talk security around to allow the celebrations to continue , they actually had to step aside to allow Tottenham players Hugo Lloris , Eric Dier and Nacer Chadli inside .
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
But the Foxes are showing no signs of stepping aside in the Premier League table to allow Tottenham through , and their remarkable season is one party that does n't look like stopping .
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
( Image : XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM )
Did you know ?
DO N'T BE FOOLED ! The grinding process is often said to be done with stone mills , such as the one pictured to the right ( which is a small personal-sized version instead of a commercial version ) . This is the traditional method and given as a reason for the high price of matcha .
Stone-mill grinding is often used to produce very premium matcha , but the secret that many Western matcha brands do n't want you to know is that many many matcha powders are actually produced with other types of high volume grinders including ball mill pulverizers and very cool sounding jet air
In the end , the type of grinding is actually less important than the harvest season . Spring produces the highest quality leaves with the richest flavor and highest nutritional content . Culinary grade matcha would be produced from Autumn harvested leaves , in which there is a lower overall nutritional content but a higher ratio of antioxidants ( making it more bitter ) . Autumn leaves also tend to be larger and stiffer , producing a grainy texture that would ruin the matcha as a drink .
pulverizers . Newer mills -- both stone and otherwise -- are often equipped with cooling functions that prevent friction of grinding from producing heat that degrades both flavor and aroma.In the end , the type of grinding is actually less important than the harvest season . Spring produces the highest quality leaves with the richest flavor and highest nutritional content . Culinary grade matcha would be produced from Autumn harvested leaves , in which there is a lower overall nutritional content but a higher ratio of antioxidants ( making it more bitter ) . Autumn leaves also tend to be larger and stiffer , producing a grainy texture that would ruin the matcha as a drink . Other secrets : Matcha is made by finely grinding tencha leaves , tea leaves that have been shaded for about four weeks , and more importantly , that have been steamed and dried without rolling . The combination of these two techniques along with careful cultivation to produce leaves rich in flavor create the characteristic taste of matcha.The grinding process is often said to be done with stone mills , such as the one pictured to the right ( which is a small personal-sized version instead of a commercial version ) . This is the traditional method and given as a reason for the high price of matcha.Stone-mill grinding is often used to produce very premium matcha , but the secret that many Western matcha brands do n't want you to know is that many many matcha powders are actually produced with other types of high volume grinders including ball mill pulverizers and very cool sounding jet air To look for good matcha , look for a deep green color first such as this matcha to the right .
The inability of the powder to produce a good froth/foam does n't mean it is low quality , but simply a matcha that does n't froth , but a matcha that does froth easily is definitely high quality . ( Tea masters like to use non-frothing matcha to demonstrate their skill at whisking up froth ) .
A very finely ground , high quality matcha will have very little grainy texture .
If using an insulated tumbler to keep your matcha warm for long periods of time , use a lower temperature such as 50-60C/122-140F degree to make your matcha . If you use a hotter temperature , you 'll be continuously extracted the flavors , with the bitterness overwhelming the sweetness .
For over 300 recipes using matcha , take a look at Cookpad .
Police announced Wednesday the arrest of a suspect accused of driving the getaway car in the shooting of a 9-year-old girl last week in Waverly .
Michael Daye , 26 , faces attempted murder , assault , weapons and other charges in the Oct. 4 shooting in the 3500 block of Old York Road , police said . He was arrested Wednesday .
Daye did not shoot the girl but faces the charges because of his involvement , Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said . The gunman has not been caught .
`` We 're hoping that his arrest today will quickly lead to the identification of the trigger-puller , '' Davis said . `` While we 're not celebrating at all with this tragedy , we are pausing to thank the community . We could not have done this without information that immediately came forward from the community . ''
The 9-year-old was caught in the crossfire when the gunman shot at a group of four people in the block , police said . She suffered a broken femur and has not been identified .
The shooting occurred about 1 p.m. as the girl was playing in her front yard , just a block from where 3-year-old McKenzie Elliott was killed by a stray bullet last year .
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the 9-year-old `` was put in harm 's way because of the cowardly actions of individuals who do n't care about themselves or the community . ''
`` It was so frustrating to stand with the commissioner and community members to discuss yet another child who was injured , caught in the crossfire of a very violent year , '' Rawlings-Blake said .
cmcampbell @ baltsun.com
Passwords have been around for millenia . The oldest use was to prove to sentries whether you were friend or foe . ( I use “ password ” in this article to include a wide variety of schemes , including passphrases and numerical PINs ) .
Choosing a proper password has always required considering the attacker 's capabilities and limitations . There are several factors at play :
Entropy — How many possibilities does the attacker need to consider ? It may be lower than you 'd think since it only depends on how little an attacker knows about you . If she has retrieved paper from your shredder , there may only be a few possibilities to try , even though the password itself is complex and impossible for someone else to guess . Guess rate — How quickly can the attacker try guesses ? This is often determined by the attacker 's vantage point . If they have hashes from your server , an offline attack is many times faster than an online attack . It can also be limited by the attacker 's own hardware and by the hashing algorithm . Responses — What can you do about guessing ? Can you disable a user 's account if there are too many bad attempts ? Require secondary authentication ? Can you shut down the entire system ?
Unix systems in the 1980 's and 90 's limited passwords to 8 characters because of the the underlying DES cipher key size . Because this is too short to use multiple words , most recommendations from that time tried to maximize the entropy of every character while remaining memorable . A common suggestion was to take the first letter of each word in a phrase and mix in some punctuation and numerals . This kind of scheme persists to this day , with many websites enforcing a minimum ( and sometimes maximum ) length and the use of an uppercase letter or numeral .
Password cracking programs such as Crack ( Unix ) and Cracker Jack ( DOS ) targeted this scheme . To mirror user behavior , they would take a dictionary ( wordlist ) and append numerals or change case . A useful strategy would be to start with a common wordlist and add in local terms such as sports teams or city names . After a few passwords were cracked , you could identify patterns ( such as user nationality or college major ) and add similar terms to your set . But as long as the user did n't use too short of a password or an actual word or close variant as the base string , they would usually be secure against Crack .
With the advent of the FreeBSD-MD5 scheme in the early 90 's , passwords could now be arbitrarily long . This brought login systems in line with PGP , which had supported long passwords for a while . The recommended scheme then changed to “ use a difficult-to-guess passphrase. ” However , not many concrete recommendations were made for what makes a passphrase difficult enough .
Many users thought that just having any passphrase was difficult enough . Who could guess all the letters and spaces among multiple words ? While this might have been true if attackers stuck to Cracker Jack , it ignores the fact that attackers can change strategies . Each word can be treated like a single character as before . As long as the words were in a dictionary , multi-word passphrases might have less entropy than a password constructed the old way . Newer tools like John the Ripper help target passphrases .
In choosing a password , consider the entropy for multiple attacker vantage points . How much advantage would a co-worker have over a random stranger ? Do they realize you like good Scotch and might use those names in your passphrase ? Know you like Will Farrell movies and might use a quote from one ? A good passphrase is one where even your spouse would not have an advantage over a stranger .
Additional entropy can be gained by varying it . Misspell or make up words , Dr. Seuss style ( but do n't use words from his books ! ) Ever heard of a “ omliyeti ” ? Me neither , but it might be memorable . Do n't capitalize the first word or put the punctuation ( if any ) at the end . Put spaces in the middle of words but run the beginning/ends together .
Admins can suggest schemes to help users pick good passwords , and they can attempt to crack their choices to establish password strength . But a user might still pick a low-entropy password that happens to pass this check . Fortunately , the second two factors above ( guess rate and responses ) are independent of entropy yet still have a big impact on actual password security .
The bcrypt and scrypt password hashing algorithms have greatly slowed the attacker 's guess rate . They use hash functions that are intentionally slow ( and in the case of scrypt , memory intensive ) . More importantly , they have a tunable difficulty parameter that allows the admin to keep pace with Moore 's Law .
Responses can be very important as well . PINs can be numeric and short because access is usually limited to online guessing with lockout after a few tries . One approach I 've used before is to seed the password file with fake accounts that have easier passwords than the rest ( but still hard enough to prevent online guessing ) . If anyone logs in to them , we know the password file has been retrieved and someone is cracking it .
Another response would be to require secondary authentication . Google does this with their text message authentication . Duo Security provides a phone app . This can be required all the time or activated when the user logs in from a new IP address or does n't have the prerequisite cookie .
Password security is a difficult problem , especially with a varied user base . However , most admins focus too much on increasing entropy of user choices and not enough on decreasing the attacker 's guess rate and implementing responses to limit their access when they do get a hit .
If you were stranded in London with no money to buy a ticket back home , what would you do ?
When Australian javelin thrower Reg Spiers faced this problem in 1964 , he chose a radical plan – posting himself back to Australia in a wooden box .
Desperate to get back to Australia for his daughter 's birthday , the 22-year-old took his problem to fellow javelin thrower , John McSorley .
Together , the men hatched a scheme to build a box and send Spiers home by air freight in a box measuring 1.5 metres x 91centimemtres x 76 centimetres .
[ Image : Marcus McSorley ]
To slow down his bodily functions , Spiers did n't eat for a week before his journey .
On 17 October 1964 , armed with his passport , spaghetti , fruit juice , biscuits , and chocolate , Spiers climbed into the box that would take him home to Australia .
“ I just got in the thing and went . What was there to be frightened of ? I 'm not frightened of the dark so I just sat there , ” Spiers told the BBC .
“ It 's like when I travel now if I go overseas . There 's the seat . Sit in it , and go . ”
The box containing Spiers was loaded onto an aircraft at Heathrow Airport . What followed was a horrific 63-hour journey from London to Perth , via Paris , Bombay and Singapore .
A thick fog over London meant Spiers ' flight to Paris was delayed , leaving him in the box for more than 28 hours before take-off .
Around 37 hours after he was first dropped off at the airport , Spiers was touching down in India .
Unfortunately , the airport workers who unloaded Spiers in Bombay upended the box , leaving Spiers dangling upside down , baking in the hot Indian sun for hours . Close to full dehydration , Spiers had little choice but to strip off all his clothes .
Finally , Spiers and his box were loaded onto the final leg of their journey , delayed only by a quick fuel stop .
After 63 hours , three stops and more than 21,000 kilometres , Spiers finally arrived safely at Perth Airport .
While airport staff took a smoke break , Spiers escaped the crate and headed for the terminal , blending in with other passengers and walking out of the airport .
Meant to remain a secret , Spiers ' incredible story hit the media after he forgot to tell John McSorley of his safe arrival .
Terrified for his friend , McSorley contacted a journalist in the hopes of tracking Spiers down and from there the story spread like wildfire .
This was not to be Spiers ' last memorable trip . In 1981 , Spiers was arrested for a plot to smuggle $ 1.2 million worth of hashish into Australia . While out on bail , Spiers and his partner fled to India .
Two years later , he was arrested in Bombay for another smuggling attempt . For the second time , he and his partner fled .
In 1984 , Spiers was sentenced to death in Sri Lanka for heroin smuggling . His conviction was later overturned .
Escorted back to Australia by authorities , he served three years for the crimes he had originally fled from .
Today , Spiers – now 73 years of age – lives a quiet life in Adelaide with his partner and two dogs .
It 's always interesting to see a craft brewery take a few steps outside their comfort zone and take on a beer style that may not necessarily fit the aesthetic of their typical brewing philosophy . It does n't always work out for the best , but it at least lays the groundwork for future experimentation and may help a brewery expand its horizons .
Case in point , Firestone Walker is n't really a name commonly associated with classic , traditional Belgian beer styles . When you think of Firestone Walker , it 's probably an in-your-face IPA such as Union Jack or Double Jack that you 're picturing , maybe a great black IPA like Wookey Jack or perhaps a barrel-aged beauty such as Parabola . But a classic , Wallonian saison ? Not so much , which makes the dry hopped Opal a little bit off the beaten path for them .
It comes at an interesting time , as FW 's similarly hop-focused California neighbors Stone Brewing Co. recently released their own Stone Saison in six-packs , but if you 're choosing between the two , pick the one from Paso Robles—it 's the superior beer , comparing the two side by side .
This ale pours a surprisingly light gold-yellow , almost looking like an American light lager in the glass , although you would immediately be corrected after smelling it for the first time . Aromas are funk-forward , with fruity esters and lots of complex spice . There 's some of that “ barnyard ” presence and perfumed , coriander-like spice that reminds me vaguely of an Indian masala blend . Despite being dry hopped , the hop presence is fairly understated .
This saison is quite spicy in terms of flavor as well , with herbal and perhaps minty hops coming through , bringing a medium bitterness with them . It opens up significantly as it warms in the glass , becoming more complex in its spice profile—like one of those multi-colored pepper grinders , it hits a bunch of notes at once . Still , this profile is rather more “ classical ” than contemporary or American—just a solid version of the classically dry , rustic Franco-Belgian saison that continued to grow on me over the course of drinking it .
All in all a worthy experiment , Firestone Walker . But do n't stop making Union Jack anytime soon .
Brewery : Firestone Walker Brewing Co .
City : Paso Robles , Calif .
Style : Saison
ABV : 7.5 %
IBU : 35
Availability : Year-round , 22 oz bottles
Now the Russians had a partial buffer zone and a hinterland—somewhere to fall back to in the case of invasion . No one was going to attack them in force from the Arctic Sea , nor fight their way over the Urals to get to them . Their land was becoming what 's now known as Russia , and to invade it from the south or southeast you would have to have a huge army and a very long supply line , and you would have to fight your way past defensive positions .
In the 18th century , Russia , under Peter the Great—who founded the Russian Empire in 1721—and then Empress Catherine the Great , expanded the empire westward , occupying Ukraine and reaching the Carpathian Mountains . It took over most of what we now know as Lithuania , Latvia , and Estonia—from which it could defend against attacks from the Baltic Sea . Now there was a huge ring around Moscow ; starting at the Arctic , it came down through the Baltic region , across Ukraine , to the Carpathians , the Black Sea , the Caucasus , and the Caspian , swinging back around to the Urals , which stretched up to the Arctic Circle .
At the end of World War II in 1945 , the Russians occupied territory conquered from Germany in Central and Eastern Europe , some of which then became part of the U.S.S.R. , as it began to resemble the old Russian Empire writ large . This time , though , it was n't the Mongols at the gates ; after 1949 , it was NATO . The fall of the U.S.S.R. in 1991 caused Russian territory to shrink again , with its European borders ending at Estonia , Latvia , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , and Azerbaijan , even while NATO crept steadily closer as it incorporated more countries in Eastern Europe .
Russia 's Changing Borders
Reuters
Two of Russia 's chief preoccupations—its vulnerability on land and its lack of access to warm-water ports—came together in Ukraine in 2014 . As long as a pro-Russian government held sway in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev , Russia could be confident that its buffer zone would remain intact and guard the European Plain . Even a neutral Ukraine , which would promise not to join the European Union or NATO and would uphold the lease Russia had on the warm-water port at Sevastopol in Crimea , would be acceptable . But when protests in Ukraine brought down the pro-Russia government of Viktor Yanukovych and a new , more pro-Western government came to power , Putin had a choice . He could have respected the territorial integrity of Ukraine , or he could have done what Russian leaders have done for centuries with the bad geographic cards they were dealt . He chose his own kind of attack as defense , annexing Crimea to ensure Russia 's access to its only proper warm-water port , and moving to prevent NATO from creeping even closer to Russia 's border .
The Ukraine Buffer
Reuters
The same geographic preoccupations are visible now in Russia 's intervention in Syria on behalf of Putin 's ally , Bashar al-Assad . The Russians have a naval base in the port city of Tartus on Syria 's Mediterranean coast . If Assad falls , Syria 's new rulers may kick them out . Putin clearly believes the risk of confronting NATO members in another geographic sphere is worth it .
Russia has not finished with Ukraine yet , nor Syria . From the Grand Principality of Moscow , through Peter the Great , Stalin , and now Putin , each Russian leader has been confronted by the same problems . It does n't matter if the ideology of those in control is czarist , communist , or crony capitalist—the ports still freeze , and the European Plain is still flat .
This article has been adapted from Tim Marshall 's new book , Prisoners of Geography : Ten Maps That Explain Everything About the World .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Westminster Kennel Club , Monday , February 11 , 2013 – Tuesday , February 12 , 2013
There are 2688 conformation dogs entered . The number before each Breed ( Variety ) indicates the number of dogs entered in that Breed ( Variety ) . The numbers following each Breed ( Variety ) indicate the number of Regular Class Dogs , Regular Class Bitches , Best of Breed ( Variety ) ( Dogs-Bitches ) , and Non-Regular Class Dogs or Bitches .
ENTRY BREED / BREAKDOWN
7 Affenpinschers 1-0 ( 6-0 ) 0
25 Afghan Hounds 4-1 ( 13-7 ) 0
9 Airedale Terriers 1-2 ( 5-1 ) 0
19 Akitas 2-0 ( 7-10 ) 0
7 Alaskan Malamutes 0-0 ( 5-2 ) 0
2 American English Coonhounds 0-0 ( 1-1 ) 0
9 American Eskimo Dogs 0-0 ( 6-3 ) 0
3 American Foxhounds 0-0 ( 2-1 ) 0
6 American Staffordshire Terriers 0-0 ( 6-0 ) 0
1 Anatolian Shepherd Dogs 0-0 ( 0-1 ) 0
11 Australian Cattle Dogs 0-1 ( 4-6 ) 0
43 Australian Shepherds 3-1 ( 26-13 ) 0
10 Australian Terriers 0-0 ( 6-4 ) 0
19 Basenjis 1-3 ( 10-5 ) 0
8 Basset Hounds 1-0 ( 4-3 ) 0
12 Beagles , Not Exceeding 13 In . 0-0 ( 6-6 ) 0
19 Beagles , Over 13 In . But Not Exceeding 15 In . 1-2 ( 12-4 ) 0
13 Bearded Collies 0-1 ( 6-6 ) 0
6 Beaucerons 1-0 ( 3-2 ) 0
12 Bedlington Terriers 1-3 ( 5-3 ) 0
15 Belgian Malinois 0-0 ( 6-9 ) 0
9 Belgian Sheepdogs 0-0 ( 7-2 ) 0
12 Belgian Tervuren 0-0 ( 7-5 ) 0
24 Bernese Mountain Dogs 3-2 ( 11-8 ) 0
9 Bichons Frises 0-0 ( 8-1 ) 0
5 Black and Tan Coonhounds 0-0 ( 4-1 ) 0
10 Black Russian Terriers 1-0 ( 8-1 ) 0
9 Bloodhounds 0-0 ( 6-3 ) 0
2 Bluetick Coonhounds 0-0 ( 0-2 ) 0
20 Border Collies 3-2 ( 13-2 ) 0
13 Border Terriers 0-3 ( 5-5 ) 0
29 Borzois 5-3 ( 12-9 ) 0
34 Boston Terriers 2-4 ( 15-13 ) 0
10 Bouviers des Flandres 0-2 ( 4-4 ) 0
22 Boxers 1-2 ( 10-9 ) 0
21 Briards 3-2 ( 10-6 ) 0
18 Brittanys 0-0 ( 13-5 ) 0
10 Brussels Griffons 0-1 ( 8-1 ) 0
4 Bull Terriers ( Colored ) 0-0 ( 3-1 ) 0
3 Bull Terriers ( White ) 1-0 ( 1-1 ) 0
20 Bulldogs 2-2 ( 9-7 ) 0
22 Bullmastiffs 3-1 ( 14-4 ) 0
13 Cairn Terriers 2-1 ( 8-2 ) 0
2 Canaan Dogs 0-0 ( 2-0 ) 0
20 Cane Corsos 1-2 ( 13-4 ) 0
13 Cardigan Welsh Corgis 1-2 ( 6-4 ) 0
34 Cavalier King Charles Spaniels 5-3 ( 21-5 ) 0
9 Cesky Terriers 0-1 ( 6-2 ) 0
20 Chihuahuas ( Long Coat ) 4-2 ( 10-4 ) 0
33 Chihuahuas ( Smooth Coat ) 0-4 ( 17-12 ) 0
40 Chinese Cresteds 2-1 ( 21-16 ) 0
9 Chinese Shar-Pei 0-0 ( 4-5 ) 0
9 Chow Chows 0-0 ( 5-4 ) 0
10 Collies ( Rough ) 0-0 ( 5-5 ) 0
13 Collies ( Smooth ) 1-2 ( 3-7 ) 0
26 Dachshunds ( Longhaired ) 3-2 ( 16-5 ) 0
27 Dachshunds ( Smooth ) 3-1 ( 10-13 ) 0
20 Dachshunds ( Wirehaired ) 2-3 ( 11-4 ) 0
14 Dalmatians 0-0 ( 10-4 ) 0
2 Dandie Dinmont Terriers 0-0 ( 2-0 ) 0
20 Doberman Pinschers 2-3 ( 8-7 ) 0
14 Dogues de Bordeaux 0-0 ( 7-7 ) 0
4 English Foxhounds 0-0 ( 1-3 ) 0
5 English Toy Spaniels ( Blenheim & Prince Charles ) 0-0 ( 4-1 ) 0
7 English Toy Spaniels ( King Charles & Ruby ) 0-0 ( 6-1 ) 0
1 Entlebucher Mountain Dogs 0-0 ( 0-1 ) 0
7 Finnish Lapphunds 0-0 ( 6-1 ) 0
4 Finnish Spitz 0-0 ( 3-1 ) 0
16 Fox Terriers ( Smooth ) 1-1 ( 10-4 ) 0
8 Fox Terriers ( Wire ) 0-0 ( 4-4 ) 0
46 French Bulldogs 2-3 ( 26-15 ) 0
8 German Pinschers 0-0 ( 6-2 ) 0
22 German Shepherd Dogs 2-1 ( 11-8 ) 0
10 Giant Schnauzers 2-0 ( 1-7 ) 0
3 Glen of Imaal Terriers 0-0 ( 2-1 ) 0
16 Great Danes 1-0 ( 6-9 ) 0
14 Great Pyrenees 1-0 ( 5-8 ) 0
18 Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs 3-0 ( 9-6 ) 0
9 Greyhounds 0-0 ( 5-4 ) 0
5 Harriers 0-0 ( 3-2 ) 0
26 Havanese 3-0 ( 15-8 ) 0
12 Ibizan Hounds 0-0 ( 5-7 ) 0
5 Icelandic Sheepdogs 0-0 ( 4-1 ) 0
7 Irish Terriers 0-0 ( 6-1 ) 0
11 Irish Wolfhounds 1-3 ( 4-3 ) 0
21 Italian Greyhounds 2-3 ( 9-7 ) 0
11 Japanese Chin 0-1 ( 6-4 ) 0
84 Junior Showmanship Competition 0-0 ( 0-0 ) 0
12 Keeshonden 0-0 ( 10-2 ) 0
12 Kerry Blue Terriers 1-1 ( 6-4 ) 0
5 Komondorok 0-0 ( 3-2 ) 0
1 Kuvaszok 0-0 ( 1-0 ) 0
8 Lakeland Terriers 0-0 ( 5-3 ) 0
10 Leonbergers 0-0 ( 7-3 ) 0
6 Lhasa Apsos 1-0 ( 3-2 ) 0
6 Lowchen 2-0 ( 3-1 ) 0
13 Maltese 1-2 ( 6-4 ) 0
9 Manchester Terriers ( Standard ) 0-0 ( 6-3 ) 0
7 Manchester Terriers ( Toy ) 0-0 ( 2-5 ) 0
18 Mastiffs 1-1 ( 11-5 ) 0
8 Miniature Bull Terriers 0-1 ( 5-2 ) 0
10 Miniature Pinschers 3-1 ( 2-4 ) 0
18 Miniature Schnauzers 2-1 ( 14-1 ) 0
5 Neapolitan Mastiffs 0-1 ( 2-2 ) 0
16 Newfoundlands 0-1 ( 7-8 ) 0
9 Norfolk Terriers 1-0 ( 6-2 ) 0
3 Norwegian Buhunds 0-0 ( 1-2 ) 0
12 Norwegian Elkhounds 0-0 ( 9-3 ) 0
1 Norwegian Lundehunds 0-1 ( 0-0 ) 0
19 Norwich Terriers 0-4 ( 11-4 ) 0
21 Old English Sheepdogs 1-1 ( 11-8 ) 0
7 Otterhounds 0-0 ( 4-3 ) 0
19 Papillons 3-0 ( 11-5 ) 0
11 Parson Russell Terriers 0-0 ( 5-6 ) 0
12 Pekingese 1-1 ( 8-2 ) 0
15 Pembroke Welsh Corgis 1-2 ( 2-10 ) 0
9 Petits Bassets Griffons Vendeens 0-0 ( 4-5 ) 0
16 Pharaoh Hounds 0-0 ( 8-8 ) 0
1 Plotts 0-0 ( 1-0 ) 0
26 Pointers 1-4 ( 12-9 ) 0
39 Pointers ( German Shorthaired ) 2-7 ( 18-12 ) 0
6 Pointers ( German Wirehaired ) 0-0 ( 4-2 ) 0
7 Polish Lowland Sheepdogs 0-0 ( 3-4 ) 0
21 Pomeranians 0-2 ( 16-3 ) 0
7 Poodles ( Miniature ) 0-0 ( 1-6 ) 0
19 Poodles ( Standard ) 2-2 ( 6-9 ) 0
10 Poodles ( Toy ) 2-1 ( 3-4 ) 0
26 Portuguese Water Dogs 2-2 ( 17-5 ) 0
34 Pugs 1-1 ( 22-10 ) 0
3 Pulik 0-0 ( 2-1 ) 0
10 Pyrenean Shepherds 2-1 ( 3-4 ) 0
7 Redbone Coonhounds 1-0 ( 4-2 ) 0
21 Retrievers ( Chesapeake Bay ) 1-2 ( 8-10 ) 0
8 Retrievers ( Curly-Coated ) 1-2 ( 4-1 ) 0
27 Retrievers ( Flat-Coated ) 4-0 ( 16-7 ) 0
63 Retrievers ( Golden ) 6-3 ( 38-16 ) 0
53 Retrievers ( Labrador ) 8-5 ( 23-17 ) 0
21 Retrievers ( Nova Scotia Duck Tolling ) 2-1 ( 13-5 ) 0
50 Rhodesian Ridgebacks 3-9 ( 22-16 ) 0
26 Rottweilers 1-1 ( 18-6 ) 0
15 Russell Terriers 1-2 ( 7-5 ) 0
20 Salukis 2-2 ( 5-11 ) 0
33 Samoyeds 6-1 ( 18-8 ) 0
8 Schipperkes 0-1 ( 5-2 ) 0
5 Scottish Deerhounds 1-0 ( 2-2 ) 0
12 Scottish Terriers 0-0 ( 8-4 ) 0
5 Sealyham Terriers 0-1 ( 3-1 ) 0
25 Setters ( English ) 4-1 ( 14-6 ) 0
9 Setters ( Gordon ) 2-0 ( 5-2 ) 0
8 Setters ( Irish Red and White ) 1-1 ( 3-3 ) 0
23 Setters ( Irish ) 1-1 ( 10-11 ) 0
14 Shetland Sheepdogs 1-0 ( 8-5 ) 0
19 Shiba Inu 0-1 ( 9-9 ) 0
17 Shih Tzu 3-2 ( 9-3 ) 0
22 Siberian Huskies 2-2 ( 11-7 ) 0
6 Silky Terriers 0-0 ( 4-2 ) 0
7 Skye Terriers 0-1 ( 5-1 ) 0
15 Soft Coated Wheaten Terriers 1-3 ( 6-5 ) 0
2 Spaniels ( American Water ) 0-0 ( 1-1 ) 0
7 Spaniels ( Boykin ) 1-0 ( 2-4 ) 0
14 Spaniels ( Clumber ) 2-1 ( 8-3 ) 0
8 Spaniels ( Cocker ) A.S.C.O.B . 0-0 ( 7-1 ) 0
8 Spaniels ( Cocker ) Black 0-0 ( 4-4 ) 0
6 Spaniels ( Cocker ) Parti-Color 0-0 ( 5-1 ) 0
22 Spaniels ( English Cocker ) 1-2 ( 10-9 ) 0
24 Spaniels ( English Springer ) 1-0 ( 17-6 ) 0
8 Spaniels ( Field ) 0-0 ( 6-2 ) 0
9 Spaniels ( Irish Water ) 0-0 ( 5-4 ) 0
8 Spaniels ( Sussex ) 0-1 ( 5-2 ) 0
13 Spaniels ( Welsh Springer ) 1-1 ( 8-3 ) 0
14 Spinoni Italiani 0-1 ( 9-4 ) 0
10 St Bernards 1-0 ( 4-5 ) 0
7 Staffordshire Bull Terriers 0-2 ( 3-2 ) 0
8 Standard Schnauzers 0-1 ( 7-0 ) 0
7 Swedish Vallhunds 0-0 ( 5-2 ) 0
6 Tibetan Mastiffs 0-0 ( 3-3 ) 0
12 Tibetan Spaniels 1-1 ( 6-4 ) 0
20 Tibetan Terriers 0-2 ( 13-5 ) 0
9 Toy Fox Terriers 0-1 ( 7-1 ) 0
12 Treeing Walker Coonhounds 2-2 ( 4-4 ) 0
25 Vizslas 1-2 ( 13-9 ) 0
21 Weimaraners 2-2 ( 10-7 ) 0
5 Welsh Terriers 1-1 ( 1-2 ) 0
16 West Highland White Terriers 2-0 ( 8-6 ) 0
27 Whippets 1-7 ( 5-14 ) 0
11 Wirehaired Pointing Griffons 0-1 ( 8-2 ) 0
3 Xoloitzcuintli 0-0 ( 1-2 ) 0
24 Yorkshire Terriers 2-3 ( 13-6 ) 0
Walter Jones was known as a dominant , fierce left tackle on the field , though incredibly soft-spoken off of it . On Saturday , he gave the kind of speech you 'd expect , but was n't shy at all about thanking just about everyone who played a part in his life and career .
Jones began his speech by saying he is `` truly blessed '' and honored to wear a gold jacket . He said it 's an honor to represent the Seahawks franchise and the 12th man , drawing a few cheers from the crowd . Jones started off thanking his mom first and foremost , and then his brothers and sisters . The family thanks continued with his children , Waleria and Walterius Jones , and his grandparents .
Up until this point , we did n't hear many thanks for assistants and agents , but Jones acknowledged both of them . He then went on to thank ex-teammates and players . He also apologized for slapping Matt Hasselbeck at training camp , which drew plenty of laughs from the crowd . He called the pairing of himself and left guard Steve Hutchinson a `` pretty good '' combo . That might be the understatement of the century .
He went on to thank multiple top-tier offensive tackles who came before him . He thanked the Seattle media , and quipped the enjoyed every interview , then paused and said `` seriously . '' He thanked Mike Sando of ESPN for presenting him to the Hall of Fame , `` even though I did n't need the help . '' Jones wrapped up his speech by thanking the 12th Man , telling Seahawks fans that every player appreciates them .
Jones spent 12 years in the NFL , all of which were with the Seahawks . He was the No . 6 overall pick in the 1997 NFL Draft and was immediately one of the most dominant left tackles in the game . He finished his career on top , and seeing him make it into the Hall this quickly is n't even a little bit surprising . The Seahawks attempted 5,500 passes while Jones was on the field , and individually he gave up a total of only 23 quarterback sacks .
He was only penalized for holding nine times throughout his career . He made the Pro Bowl nine times , and was named a first-team All-Pro six times , with one second-team selection on top of that . Seattle has already retired his No . 71 jersey , and you 'd be hard-pressed to find another offensive linemen with his accolades . You 'd be hard-pressed to find another player in general who was better than Jones .
Leaked TPP Chapter Shows How It 's A Massive Gift To Big Pharma And Against Public Health
from the but , -fast-track's-in-place , -so-too-bad , -suckers dept
The draft text includes provisions that could make it extremely tough for generics to challenge brand-name pharmaceuticals abroad . Those provisions could also help block copycats from selling cheaper versions of the expensive cutting-edge drugs known as “ biologics ” inside the U.S. , restricting treatment for American patients while jacking up Medicare and Medicaid costs for American taxpayers . “ There 's very little distance between what Pharma wants and what the U.S. is demanding , ” said Rohat Malpini , director of policy for Doctors Without Borders .
The highly technical 90-page document , cluttered with objections from other TPP nations , shows that U.S. negotiators have fought aggressively and , at least until Guam , successfully on behalf of Big Pharma .
Over the last few years , we 've seen leaks here and there of the various chapters of the TPP agreement , but generally ones that are quite out of date . The latest public leak of the `` intellectual property '' chapter that I 'm aware of was done last October by Wikileaks and was the version from the previous May ( 2014 ) . Now , Politico claims that someone has leaked the May 2015 version , though Politico has not published the document ( which , frankly , is pretty lame for a journalism property ) . But , based on Politico 's report , the agreement still looks to be what everyone 's been saying it would be : a huge gift to giant corporate special interests , such as Big Pharma : In response , the USTR falls back on its standard lame reply , about how draft texts are not `` final . '' But this is why it 's actually important to post these draft texts , because what the draft Politico saw appears to show is that , whether or not it gets it , the USTR is fighting for policies that would harm poor , sick people , and massively benefit giant pharmaceutical conglomerates.That bit of information seems rather important in determining whose interests the USTR is truly representing in these negotiations . Remember , that while the final agreement will be posted publicly , the negotiating texts ( which show what each side argued for ) are being kept secret for four years ratification -- by which point the staff at the USTR will likely have turned over greatly , and whoever is there now can pretend they had nothing to do with the negotiating positions that the US is now locked into.And , of course , now that fast track is the law , Congress ca n't even step in to fix it . They 'll only be allowed an up/down vote on the entire agreement -- with tremendous pressure on them to approve the whole thing , even if there are dangerous provisions mixed in the overall agreement.Of course , we all know that this isthe agreement is secret . It 's not politically feasible for the US government to publicly show that it 's fighting against the health interests of the public and in favor of pharma profits . But it appears that 's exactly what 's happening behind closed doors . And that seems ... wrong .
Filed Under : big pharma , biosimilar , competition , drugs , generics , ip , patents , pharma , pharmaceuticals , tpp
ANKARA , Turkey — Turkish fighter jets shot down a Syrian warplane on Sunday after it violated Turkish airspace , Turkey 's prime minister said , part of the longstanding hostilities between the two nations over the conflict in Syria .
“ If you violate my airspace , our slap will be a hard one , ” Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said during a televised campaign speech in northwestern Turkey . Mr. Erdoğan praised the Turkish military for its response , as did President Abdullah Gul , according to a report by NTV , a private television channel .
Two Syrian warplanes entered the airspace over southern Turkey on Sunday , but one turned back to Syria after the pilots were warned against entering by the Turkish Air Force , a statement posted on the military 's website said . When the other Syrian plane did not comply , it was shot down by a Turkish F-16 fighter jet , the statement said .
The flight of the two Syrian MIG-23 jets heading north from Syria was monitored for 80 nautical miles , and the pilots were warned four times before reaching 10 nautical miles of Turkish airspace , the statement said .
The remains of a Swiss army fighter jet that disappeared over the Alps on Monday have been located in central Switzerland , but the pilot is still missing , the defence ministry has said .
“ On Tuesday afternoon , the crash site was located , ” the ministry said , adding that the plane had been spotted from the air in a hard-to-reach area of the Susten Pass .
Difficult weather conditions had so far made it impossible to reach the wrecked plane on foot , it said , adding that mountaineering experts would be lowered by helicopter as soon as conditions allowed . A search for the pilot was continuing , the ministry said .
The F/A-18 C single-seater aircraft had just taken off from the Meiringen airbase in the central canton of Bern on Monday afternoon when radio contact with the pilot was suddenly cut .
Two planes crash at Swiss airshow Read more
The incident is the latest in a string of crashes to befall the Swiss airforce .
In June , two Swiss Tiger F-5E fighter jets collided during a training flight for an airshow in the Netherlands in June . One of the aircraft crashed and burst into flames , but the pilot ejected to safety .
During another training exercise last October , an F/A-18 crashed in an uninhabited part of France 's eastern Doubs region .
No one was hurt on the ground but the pilot was slightly injured after ejecting from the plane .
Talk about some serious scoring punch . In the third period of the Western Conference finals Game 4 between the Ducks and the Blackhawks , Anaheim scored three goals in 37 seconds .
THREE GOALS IN 37 SECONDS .
First came center Ryan Kesler , who put the puck past Chicago goalie Corey Crawford with 11:18 left in the third .
# AnaheimDucksGoooaaalll Right back in it ! Chicago favorite @ Ryan_Kesler converts on a feed from behind the net . Down by one ! # LetsGoDucks — Anaheim Ducks ( @ AnaheimDucks ) May 24 , 2015
Then , 23 seconds later , came forward Matt Beleskey .
THEN , 14 seconds later , came forward Corey Perry .
# AnaheimDucksGoooaaalll # ScoreyPerry knocks it home ! The other Chicago fan favorite stuns United Center with a goal from in tight . 4-3 ! — Anaheim Ducks ( @ AnaheimDucks ) May 24 , 2015
And here they all are in a row , just because . Wow … just , wow .
On June 6 , 2015 , delegates attending the Wisconsin Democratic Party 's annual convention will elect a chairman to succeed Mike Tate , who is stepping down after six years .
The youngest of the five candidates is 28-year-old Jason Rae of Milwaukee -- who , at 17 , was the youngest person ever elected to the Democratic National Committee .
In an interview on April 21 , 2015 , Wisconsin Eye host Steve Walters asked Rae , who is gay , if it is a victory for the Democratic Party that `` Wisconsin and the nation have made so much progress '' on same-sex issues .
`` I do n't think it 's a problem -- I think it 's a real step forward -- but there 's a lot of work yet to be done when you look at LGBT issues , '' said Rae , referring to people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender .
`` You know , we were one of the first states that actually had a non-discrimination ordinance statewide , but it only protected members of the gay and lesbian community ; it does n't protect members of the ‘ trans ' community . ''
We wondered : Under Wisconsin law , gay , lesbian and bisexual people are protected from discrimination , but not people who are transgender ?
Transgender explained
Transgender , according to the National Center for Transgender Equality , is a broad term for people whose gender identity , expression or behavior is different from those typically associated with their assigned sex at birth . A transgender man , for example , refers to a transgender individual who currently identifies as a man .
Transsexual , according to the center , is an `` older term for people whose gender identity is different from their assigned sex at birth who seeks to transition from male to female or female to male . Many do not prefer this term because it is thought to sound overly clinical . ''
The U.S. Census Bureau and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do not attempt to count the number of Americans who identify themselves as transgender .
An estimate made in 2011 , by an expert in LGBT demography at UCLA Law School , put the figure at nearly 700,000 , or 0.3 percent of the population .
The laws
We 'll start our analysis by noting that we have rated True a claim by U.S. Rep. Mark Pocan , D-Madison . He said Wisconsin , in 1982 , became the first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation .
That article noted that the law leaves out transgender people .
The District of Columbia and 18 states -- including Minnesota , Illinois and Iowa -- have laws that `` clearly prohibit discrimination against transgender people , '' according to the American Civil Liberties Union .
By comparison , a map produced by the National Center for Transgender Equality says Wisconsin is among states with laws that protect against discrimination based on sex ( gender ) or on sexual orientation but do n't have clear protections for gender identity .
We consulted four experts :
Larry DuPuis , legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Wisconsin ; Rick Esenberg , president and general counsel of the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty , a conservative , libertarian public interest law firm ; Marquette University law professor Paul Secunda , who directs the law school 's labor and employment law program ; and attorney Gordon Leech , who heads the civil rights and liberties section of the State Bar of Wisconsin .
Here was the consensus :
1 . Wisconsin statutes that prohibit discrimination based on sex or sexual orientation in three areas -- employment , housing and public accommodation -- do not expressly include transgender people .
( According to Leech , Milwaukee and Madison include gender identity in ordinances that prohibit discrimination in all three areas . Milwaukee County and Dane County include gender identity in housing and employment discrimination ordinances ; and Appleton includes gender identity in its fair housing ordinance . )
2 . That means that -- unlike gay men , for example , who have a right to file a complaint alleging discrimination based on sexual orientation -- it 's unknown whether a Wisconsin state court would accept complaints from transgender people alleging discrimination based on their transgender status .
3 . Instead , a transgender person would have to persuade a judge that transgender people are covered either by state laws that prohibit discrimination based on sex or on sexual orientation .
4 . To date , there has not been a published decision by a state judge in Wisconsin stating that transgender people are covered by those anti-discrimination laws .
Our rating
Rae said Wisconsin 's non-discrimination law `` does n't protect members of the transgender community . ''
It 's unclear whether a transgender person could pursue in state court a discrimination case using laws that prohibit discrimination based on sex ( gender ) or on sexual orientation . What is clear is Wisconsin laws do not expressly prohibit discrimination based on a person 's status as transgender .
We rate Rae 's statement True .
To comment on this item , go to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 's web page .
Have you ever yearned for more immediate control over your surroundings ? No , we do n't mean Magneto car-flipping abilities . We mean more like wrangling all of the gear in a room into some kind of understandable and connected system . If you said yes -- and you 're a Sims aficionado -- you 'll want to check into CRISTAL . We 're not talking expensive champagne here , we 're talking about the `` Control of Remotely Interfaced Systems using Touch-based Actions in Living spaces '' system ( c'mon , it sort of makes senses ) . The premise is simple : instead of having to juggle multiple remotes and input systems to deal with a room full of technology , CRISTAL merges a Surface -like touch area ( your coffee table in this scenario ) , an overhead camera , and connected devices to form a frighteningly intuitive control scheme . The idea allows for all sorts of handy arrangements , like being able to virtually drag media from a server on one side of the room to your TV on the other , dim lights in a particular area by swiping on that location , or draw a path for a Roomba to clean using the overhead view . Right now this is just a research project , of course , but the team working on the concept believes costs could move down from the astronomic $ 10,000- $ 15,000 the setup would cost now to a more affordable range . Until that happens , you 'll have the video of CRISTAL in action after the break .
P.Terry 's founders Patrick and Kathy Terry hope to do for the taco stand what they did for the fast-food burger when they opened their first drive-thru 12 years ago . The couple plans to open Taco Ranch in Southwest Austin later this year in a former Burger King at MoPac Boulevard and U.S. 290 ( 5033 U.S. 290 W. ) .
While they are still finalizing a menu , Patrick Terry said Taco Ranch will rely on the same elements that have made P.Terry 's such a success : quality ( humanely raised meats , organic eggs , etc . ) , value and convenience . Everything in the restaurant will be made from scratch , including both flour and corn tortillas , salsas , guacamole and queso .
“ I 'm astounded when I go to a taco stand and pay $ 3.50- $ 4 for a taco and I know the tortilla came out of a package , ” Terry said . “ Clearly there are a lot of people doing it very successfully , so I do n't question that , and I give them all the credit in the world . But we 're going to make it as hard on ourselves as possible , as we always do . ”
Terry and his wife have been testing recipes in their kitchen and turning to many of their 500 P. Terry 's employees for ideas . The hope , as with P. Terry 's , is to deliver restaurant-quality food at a low price point that makes it accessible to pretty much everyone .
“ It will be reminiscent of taco stands , again , from the early '60s . A very simple menu . It 's not going to be hard to figure out , and I 'm hoping that everyone will be surprised by the quality , the taste and the price , ” Terry said .
The restaurant , which will be designed by Michael Hsu Office of Architecture , will feature a dining room , patio and drive-thru , and with Hsu involved , do n't expect it to look anything like a Burger King . Taco Ranch will serve breakfast , lunch , dinner and late-night . As for future expansion , Terry says that they are currently only focused on one location .
“ The smartest thing we ever did was that we never looked beyond the first one , ” Terry said of the process he followed in opening his original burger drive-thru on South Lamar Boulevard .
RELATED
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
EA and California 's Great America have entered into a partnership that will bring what it is calling a `` dynamic new attraction '' based on the Mass Effect series to the amusement park .
Described as a `` first-of-it's-kind guest experience , '' the attraction will bring `` settings and characters '' from the series to life .
Visitors will `` climb aboard motion-based seating and wear 3D glasses , live performers will curate the journey and interact seamlessly with the `` next generation 3D visual . '' In addition to the motion seating , the ride will have `` high-tech sound and other 4D effects . ''
`` Partnering with a world-wide gaming leader like EA will enable us to build an incredible user experience for our guests , '' said Raul Rehnborg , California 's Great America vice president . `` This combination of technology and creative video game content is sure to usher in a new wave of entertainment innovation in amusement parks .
`` EA and BioWare are thrilled to partner with Great America and see one of our most iconic games turned into an exciting high-tech attraction , '' added Patrick O'Brien , vice president of entertainment and licensing at EA .
`` Having a partner who shares our commitment to thrilling our fans is extremely important to us and we look forward to building an attraction that will appeal to the Mass Effect fan-base and introduce it to many more . ''
Mass Effect : Andromeda , the next entry in BioWare 's sci-fi RPG series , was revealed at E3 2015 . It has been pitched as `` very much a new adventure , taking place far away from and long after the events of the original trilogy . ''
BioWare previously offered a few vague details on the game : `` You will play a human , male or female . You 'll be exploring an all-new galaxy , Andromeda , and piloting the new and improved Mako .
`` And through it all , you will have a new team of adventurers to work with , learn from , fight alongside of , and fall in love with . ''
Mass Effect : Andromeda , is slated for a fall 2016 release on PC , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
While the New York Department of Financial Services ( NYDFS ) successfully monopolized media attention last week by assembling a cast of bitcoin A-listers at its regulatory hearing , it was n't the only government agency to explore virtual currencies in a way that could impact the global community .
On 29th January , the US Postal Service ( USPS ) Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) held a webinar on virtual currency attended by representatives from the Universal Postal Union ( UPU ) and World Bank that sought to “ explore the possibility ” of a “ potential role ” for bitcoin at post offices around the globe .
Topics included whether post offices could leverage their physical locations to act as in-person bitcoin exchanges and if they could color coins as a way to underpin bitcoin 's value and increase adoption .
Darrell Duane , a Washington , DC-based bitcoin consultant who was initially approached by the USPS and later helped promote the event , said that though much of the material was educational , there were some suggestions that , if adopted , could have big implications for the bitcoin community .
“ There were suggestions like if someone made ‘ postcoin ' , ‘ What would that be ? ' ‘ How could that help ? ' If we were to employ the technology to support post office operations around the world , internationally , how could cryptocurrency help post offices do their business ? ” Duane said .
Experts from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago , Booz Allen Hamilton , George Mason University and the Bitcoin Foundation were on hand to speak about bitcoin , its use cases and its implications for the wider economy as part of the two-and-a-half-hour meeting .
Bitcoin 's role for postal operators
With much of the first part of the day 's discussion devoted to the introductory aspects of bitcoin , the latter half more directly addressed how virtual currency could revolutionize post office operations .
Christian Jaag , managing partner at Swiss Economics , began this section of the event by naming certain characteristics of bitcoin that he believed would be of a particular interest to the discussion : These included bitcoin 's algorithmic money creation , decentralized ledger , peer-to-peer nature and sometimes volatile exchange rate .
“ There 's a great challenge to postal operators lately , postal volumes are decreasing , people do not go to post offices as often as they used to . However , postal operators have to maintain their networks , they have to look for new ways to fill their offices up and one potential contact point is the exchange of virtual currencies to other currencies , ” Jaag said .
Jaag suggested that post offices would be able to use their existing money transmitter licenses to facilitate these exchanges , gain a greater level of involvement in e-commerce and attract increased revenue .
Introducing a ‘ postcoin '
Jaag went on to discuss how colored bitcoins could benefit post offices , theorizing that , with their global network and strong reputation , postal providers could mark existing bitcoins as a way to provide a safeguard against wealth loss and incentivize virtual currency adoption .
“ You can take one bitcoin and declare it to represent your monetary base of postcoin , and you can then issue fractions of bitcoins freely and back it by something else , ” Jaag stated .
Jaag said this would allow a postcoin to become a full reserve currency used by postal operators . Post offices would , in turn , be able to make transactions with its coins reversible , as well as facilitate the trade of bitcoin and other local currencies .
“ There 's no need for institution , but there is a role for institution , ” Jaag said in summary .
Impact on international e-commerce
Following Jaag , José Anson , an economist at UPU International Bureau , spoke about bitcoin 's potential to act as a “ form of trade facilitation ” , bringing online transactions under the supervision of post offices and allowing for a synchronization of activities through the protocol 's ability to validate contracts .
“ There is a possibility of synchronizing a number of activities that could foster much more trust in international trade and international financial exchanges , ” Anson said .
Under this system , international e-commerce transactions would be “ simplified ” by a merging of activities that would find postal services verifying the security of deliveries , confirming transactions and facilitating more cost-effective payments between parties .
“ It goes beyond payment and financial , it 's a matter of trade inclusion for many small entrepreneurs around the world and integrating all these parties into the world trading system , ” Anson stated .
One option of many
While interesting to those in the virtual currency space , the news notably comes roughly a week after the OIG published a white paper addressing how it could better extend its services to those who do n't have access to traditional bank accounts and financial services .
That paper explored whether the USPS would benefit from issuing prepaid cards , payday loans , international money transfers and mobile banking options , among other programs . Researchers cited the fact that 90 % of underbanked US consumers now have a mobile phone as a compelling reason for mobile banking 's consideration .
Though it did not mention bitcoin specifically , the paper 's stated goals will doubtless be familiar to the bitcoin community as compelling reasons for its use :
“ A suite of non-bank financial services offered through the Postal Service – available online , through mobile devices and at Post Offices in every community – could greatly benefit families everywhere . Postal financial services could help American families to save money through avoiding exorbitant fees and interest , ” the report read .
Postal Service struggles to stay viable
The USPS has been a focal point of public debate in the US for years , as the agency now costs the federal government $ 15.9bn annually to operate a time when tensions over the growing federal deficit continue to dominate political discourse .
Further driving the need to explore additional revenue streams is the erosion of the USPS ' core business as a result of rising Internet use . Letter writing has declined by 25 % since 2010 , while the majority – 56 % of bills – are now paid electronically .
However , any further action on virtual currency is likely to take time . According to one inside source , speaking to Bloomberg , the implementation of virtual currency services could be “ years ” away for the USPS .
Image credit : B Brown / Shutterstock.com
Tom Hanks and HBO have secured the rights to Pulitzer Prize-winning author David McCullough 's book , The Wright Brothers , for a new miniseries on the life of the famous siblings , according to Deadline .
Tom Hanks ' production company , Playtone , and HBO will tell the story of the Wright Brothers , who made the world 's first 59-second flight on December 17 , 1903 , at Kittyhawk , North Carolina , a momentous occasion that ushered in the age of aeronautics .
Orville and Wilbur Wright grew up and worked in Dayton , Ohio . Through years of hard work , the siblings perfected controlled piloted flight on nearby Huffman Prairie , which is now part of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base .
The Wrights sold and repaired bicycles in their shop to help pay for their dream of flying .
Tom Hanks continues Dayton involvement with Wright Brothers mini series . http : //t.co/SInirFgPLy pic.twitter.com/PMh2Hg5iXt — Dayton Biz Journal ( @ DBJnews ) April 16 , 2015
In a phone interview with the Dayton Daily News , David McCullough said he was happy to hear of Tom Hanks ' intention to help tell the story of the Wright Brothers .
“ What we ought to know about are the courage and the brilliant ingenuity of those two Americans , the Wright Brothers , and how they changed the world , how they changed history . ”
According to WHIO News in Dayton , Tim Gaffney , spokesman for the National Aviation Heritage Alliance in Dayton and an author on the Wright Brothers , hopes Tom Hanks and HBO will consider filming in Dayton .
“ We 've got the movie props and the real thing . And of course , Tom Hanks is familiar with the ( Dayton ) area . ”
Amanda Wright Lane , a great-grandniece of the Wright Brothers , told the Dayton Daily News , she is thrilled with the news .
“ I think from a Dayton perspective to have two iconic and successful Americans , in David McCullough and Tom Hanks , working on the Wright Brothers ' story , it just does n't get any better . It 's really fantastic . ”
Gaffney also noted Tom Hanks ' connection with Dayton . As a young actor , Tom Hanks performed at Wright State University , so named for the Wright Brothers accomplishments .
RT # DaytonProud Tom Hanks , HBO get film rights for Wright Bros. story : http : //t.co/ymlaIlBD4R pic.twitter.com/1fMlIVeOeu — Dayton Daily News ( @ daytondailynews ) April 16 , 2015
According to WHIO , the university said a WSU graduate helped Hanks produce two Emmy Award-winning television miniseries . Tom Hanks has also started a scholarship fund at Wright State University .
It 's not hard to understand Tom Hanks ' passion for the Wright Brothers and his desire bring their story to the little screen . The Wright Brothers are Dayton 's most cherished sons , and Tom Hanks ' obvious connection to the city has left its mark on the actor and producer .
Tom Hanks forgets what happened in Cast Away , picks up Wright Brothers series for HBO . http : //t.co/hUBfgwSmR7 pic.twitter.com/TIGPlOu67k — Empire Magazine ( @ empiremagazine ) April 15 , 2015
Wright State University told WHIO that Tom Hanks produced videos in support of the school 's performing arts program and offered memorabilia and his time to help WSU raise funds .
According to publisher Simon and Schuster , David McCullough 's book , The Wright Brothers , will ship around May 5 .
Who 's hoping Tom Hanks will also star in the miniseries on the Wright Brothers ?
[ Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images ]
Kenneth Stern , a former CEO at National Public Radio , has a shocking new book out called Republican Like Me : How I Left the Liberal Bubble and Learned to Love the Right . After spending extensive time with conservatives , Stern realized that the national media are reporting from inside a liberal-dominated culture . He summarized his discoveries in the New York Post :
Most reporters and editors are liberal — a now-dated Pew Research Center poll found that liberals outnumber conservatives in the media by some 5 to 1 , and that comports with my own anecdotal experience at National Public Radio . When you are liberal , and everyone else around you is as well , it is easy to fall into groupthink on what stories are important , what sources are legitimate and what the narrative of the day will be .
It seems only former executives admit national newsrooms `` anecdotally '' are liberal bubbles , where most journalists do n't tend to trip over a conservative viewpoint inside their supposedly objective environment . Stern worked at NPR from 1999 to 2007 , but before that worked as deputy counsel for the 1996 Clinton-Gore reelection campaign and as chief counsel to the 1997 Clinton inaugural committee . Here 's how Stern came to realize he had n't learned enough about conservatives :
Spurred by a fear that red and blue America were drifting irrevocably apart , I decided to venture out from my overwhelmingly Democratic neighborhood and engage Republicans where they live , work and pray . For an entire year , I embedded myself with the other side , standing in pit row at a NASCAR race , hanging out at Tea Party meetings and sitting in on Steve Bannon 's radio show . I found an America far different from the one depicted in the press and imagined by presidents ( “ cling to guns or religion ” ) and presidential candidates ( “ basket of deplorables ” ) alike .
Stern spent time with evangelicals and went to the Urbana conference ( sponsored by InterVarsity Christian Fellowship ) with thousands of college-age Christians . He discovered they were n't caricatures of bitter , selfish racists : “ I certainly did n't expect the intense discussion of racial equity and refugee issues — how to help them , not how to keep them out — but that is what I got ... it left me with a very different impression of a community that was previously known to me only through Jerry Falwell and the movie “ Footloose . ”
Then he met the hunters :
None of my new hunting partners fit the lazy caricature of the angry NRA member . Rather , they saw guns as both a shared sport and as a necessary means to protect their families during uncertain times . In truth , the only one who was even modestly angry was me , and that only had to do with my terrible ineptness as a hunter .... Gun control and gun rights is one of our most divisive issues , and there are legitimate points on both sides . But media is obsessed with the gun-control side and gives only scant , mostly negative , recognition to the gun-rights sides . Take , for instance , the issue of legitimate defensive gun use ( DGU ) , which is often dismissed by the media as myth . But DGUs happen all the time — 200 times a day , according to the Department of Justice , or 5,000 times a day , according to an overly exuberant Florida State University study . But whichever study you choose to believe , DGUs happen frequently and give credence to my hunting friends who see their guns as the last line of defense for themselves and their families .
Stern still found President Trump 's attacks on the liberal media to be “ terribly inappropriate coming from the head of government , ” but he concluded :
At the same time , the media should acknowledge its own failings in reflecting only their part of America . You ca n't cover America from the Acela corridor , and the media need to get out and be part of the conversations that take place in churches and community centers and town halls .
To be fair , reporters spent a lot of time trying to understand the mysterious species known as the Trump voter . But that does n't mean they wo n't stop inundating those voters with their own biased journalism .
[ Hat tip on the image : Dude Perfect on YouTube ]
The khaps are back with a ban on Facebook and WhatsApp for Jat girls . At a meeting of 18 khaps of western Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday , the leaders declared that girls from the community must not use these social networking sites and must also avoid getting involved in love affairs .
The meeting was held at Sauram village in Muzaffarnagar ; the khaps cover 100 villages across Muzaffarnagar , Shamli and Meerut .
The meeting was convened to celebrate 125th birth anniversary of Chaudhary Kabul Singh , a Jat leader known for preserving the written history of all the khaps . He had died in 1991 .
The khap leaders also declared that love marriage was completely prohibited in the Jat community and those who defy this diktat would be killed . Last year , the same khap panchayats had decided to ban Jay girls and women from using mobile phones and wearing jeans .
Speaking at the meeting , Chandrapal Fauzi-a Jat leader owing allegiance to the Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) -was quoted as saying that the girls should be thrown into river Ganga if they have a love affair with anybody . `` You must try to convince your daughters to protect themselves from love affair . But you should also be ready to throw them in Ganga if they do n't obey you , '' he said .
Raju Ahlawat , Muzaffarnagar president of BKU said , `` There is no need to fear any authority when it comes to protecting our community . The truth is that those who claim that they are in love and then get married in the same gotra are lunatics . Boys and girls of same gotra are brothers and sisters . They can not live as husband and wife . Such people are insane and they do n't have any right to live . ''
Thakur Narendra Pundir , national president of Maharana Pratap Sangharsh Samiti and a known Jat leader of the area said , `` Parents must keep a close watch on their daughters . They should n't allow their daughters to use mobile phones and other devices to access the Internet . The use of By Piyush Srivastava in Lucknow Facebook and WhatsApp is a western culture . We can not follow such things mindlessly . ''
Chaudhary Naresh Tikait , leader of BKU and chief of Baliyan Khap said , `` We had rejected such things many years ago . But there are still complaints that girls are using mobile phones and wearing jeans . They are also getting involved in love affairs through Facebook and WhatsApp . This is something completely unacceptable to us . ''
While several diktats were issued by the khaps in previous years , they were dormant since September 2013 when massive communal riots broke out in Muzaffarnagar and Shamli over an incident of eve-teasing .
Interestingly , Minister for State for Agriculture and Muzaffarnagar MP Sanjeev Baliyan has supported the decision of the khaps .
Honda has revealed the new high speed oval aero kit on the Andretti Autosport entry that will be driven by Simona de Silvestro in the signature Indianapolis 500 later this month .
The new bodywork features a range of options for Honda teams to use in the big build-up to IndyCar 's celebrated 200-lap race at The Brickyard .
Designed and developed by Honda Performance Development , the new bodywork is scheduled to undertake a promoter test at Indianapolis on Sunday .
The new high-speed oval package involves individual aerodynamic components fitted to the Honda-powered Dallara chassis and is markedly different from the road/street and short oval kit that has raced in the first four races of the Verizon IndyCar Series this year .
The front wing of the superspeedway kit contains fewer components to reduce drag .
The rear wing main plane ( unique for the Indy 500 ) has “ swan neck ” supports that are carried over from Honda 's sports car program where HPD engineers learned that they helped with air flow over the rear wing .
“ We 're excited to unveil our superspeedway aero kit , the newest element in this era of enhanced manufacturer competition in the Verizon IndyCar Series , ” HPD president Art St. Cyr said .
“ Coupled to our proven Honda Indy V6 engines , these aero kits are the products of thousands of hours of research , development and testing , as we seek to give our drivers and teams the tools they need to win the race that Honda holds as its most important goal each season ; the Indianapolis 500 . ”
de Silvestro will join the Andretti line-up for the Indy 500 with the team going into the race as defending champions following Ryan Hunter-Reay 's victory last year .
Practice for the Indy 500 starts on May 11 ahead of qualifying on May 16-17 with the race scheduled to run on May 24 .
See below video of Honda 's all-new high-speed oval bodykit
Media playback is unsupported on your device
Thousands of videos on YouTube look like versions of popular cartoons but contain disturbing and inappropriate content is not suitable for children .
If you 're not paying much attention , it might look like an ordinary video featuring Peppa Pig , the cheeky porcine star of her own animated series . But soon after pressing play on this particular YouTube clip , the plot turns dark . A dentist with a huge syringe appears . Peppa 's teeth get pulled out . Distressed crying can be heard on the soundtrack .
Parent and journalist Laura June almost immediately noticed something was not quite right as her three-year-old daughter was watching it .
`` Peppa does a lot of screaming and crying and the dentist is just a bit sadistic and it 's just way , way off what a three-year-old should watch , '' June says . She wrote about her experiences on the website The Outline .
`` But the animation is like close enough to looking like Peppa - it 's crude but it 's close enough that my daughter was like 'This is Peppa Pig . ' ''
It 's far from an isolated case - BBC Trending has found hundreds of similar videos of children 's cartoon characters with inappropriate themes . In addition to Peppa Pig , there are similar videos featuring characters from the Disney movie Frozen , the Minions franchise , Doc McStuffins , Thomas the Tank Engine , and many more .
Some of the videos are parodies or have such over-the-top content that they 're clearly meant for mature audiences . Others are unauthorised copies of authentic cartoons or use the characters in innocent ways - troubling to copyright lawyers perhaps , but not necessarily harmful to children .
However many , like the video Laura June 's daughter saw , both contain disturbing content and can pass for the real cartoons , particularly when viewed by children .
Image copyright SmileKidsTV/YouTube Image caption Some of the cartoons feature violence or frightening situations
More from BBC Trending
Visit the Trending Facebook page
Hundreds of these videos exist on YouTube , and some generate millions of views . One channel `` Toys and Funny Kids Surprise Eggs '' is one of the top 100 most watched YouTube accounts in the world - its videos have more than 5 billion views .
Its landing page features a photo of a cute toddler alongside official-looking pictures of Peppa Pig , Thomas the Tank Engine , the Cookie Monster , Mickey and Minnie Mouse and Elsa from Frozen .
But the videos on the channel have titles like `` FROZEN ELSA HUGE SNOT '' , `` NAKED HULK LOSES HIS PANTS '' and `` BLOODY ELSA : Frozen Elsa 's Arm is Broken by Spider-Man '' . They feature animated violence and graphic toilet humour .
The people behind the account did n't respond to Trending 's request for an interview . We attempted to contact several other producers of similar videos - and got the same result .
How to avoid inappropriate videos on YouTube
• The YouTube Kids app filters out most - but not all - of the disturbing videos .
• YouTube suggests turning on `` restricted mode '' which can be found at the bottom of YouTube pages :
Image copyright YouTube
• The NSPCC also has a series of guidelines about staying safe online , and there are more resources on the BBC Stay Safe site .
Image copyright CandyFamily/YouTube
Trending also contacted two companies behind the cartoon series being ripped off , Disney and EntOne - the distributor of Peppa Pig . Neither wanted to comment .
So should parents take more care when it comes to allowing their children to watch cartoons on YouTube ?
Sonia Livingstone is an expert on child online safety and professor of social psychology at the London School of Economics ,
`` It 's perfectly legitimate for a parent to believe that something called Peppa Pig is going to be Peppa Pig , '' she says . `` And I think many of them have come to trust YouTube ... as a way of entertaining your child for ten minutes while the parent makes a phone call . I think if it wants to be a trusted brand then parents should know that protection is in place . ''
`` I do n't think we want to police it for the whole world , '' Livingstone says . `` A lot of this material is satirical , creative - or actually offensive but within freedom of expression . What we need is child protection . ''
Image copyright CandyFamily/YouTube
YouTube did not offer a spokesperson for interview , but in a statement said : `` We take feedback very seriously . We appreciate people drawing problematic content to our attention , and make it easy for anyone to flag a video .
`` Flagged videos are manually reviewed 24/7 and any videos that do n't belong in the app are removed within hours . For parents who want a more restricted experience , we recommend that they turn off the Search feature in the app . ''
The company also suggested that parents use the YouTube Kids app , which is available for mobile phones and tablets , and turn on `` restricted mode '' which limits flagged content . It can be found at the bottom of any page on the YouTube site , but cautions that `` no filter is 100 % accurate '' .
And since Trending began investigating , several of the channels that we brought to the attention of YouTube have been removed - including the one containing the video of fake Peppa visiting the dentist .
Blog by Anisa Subedar and Will Yates
Next story : The daredevils feeding a dangerous Russian craze
Image copyright Kirill Vselensky
A number of young Russians are making names for themselves by posting videos of life-threatening stunts online . What drives these extreme selfie daredevils ? READ MORE
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @ BBCtrending , and find us on Facebook . All our stories are at bbc.com/trending .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
“ Whatever the present position of India might be , ” wrote Jawaharlal Nehru , “ she is potentially a Great Power . ”
Barely three days earlier , on 2 September 1946 , Nehru had been sworn in as the vice-president of the viceroy 's Executive Council—effectively prime minister—in a Congress-led interim government . Now , he was telling the Ministry of External Affairs why India must aim to be elected as a non- permanent member of the United Nations Security Council . “ Undoubtedly , ” continued Nehru , “ she [ India ] will have to play a very great part in security problems of Asia and Indian Ocean , more especially of the Middle East and South-East Asia . Indeed , India is the pivot round which these problems will have to be considered . . . India is the centre of security in Asia. ” …
Even as Nehru sought to position India as a major regional power in Asia , the Indian army was undergoing rapid retrenchment . Soon after the war ended , GHQ India expected the army to shrink from 2.5 million men to 700,000 by the end of 1946 . This entailed , in the first instance , a major exercise in repatriating soldiers from various theatres back to India .
Between the Japanese surrender and the end of April 1946 , some 600,000 men and officers were demobilized at an average rate of 70,000 to 80,000 a month , and around 2,000 units were disbanded . If demobilization was slower than anticipated , it was not only due to the massive logistical challenges of bringing troops home . Rather , it also reflected the continuing military demands on India .
In April 1946 , the Indian army still had two brigades in the Middle East ; four divisions in Burma ; three divisions in Malaya ; four divisions in Indonesia ; one division in Borneo and Siam ; a brigade in Hong Kong ; and two brigades in Japan . Over the next few months , repatriation and demobilization gathered pace . By October 1946 , the Indian army had 800,000 men and officers . By April 1947 , it stood close to 500,000 strong . So , as independence approached , India 's ability to project military power in Asia was increasingly circumscribed…
The war had led to overt militarization of a large chunk of the population .
Secondly , the war had led to overt militarization of a large chunk of the population . The manifold expansion of the Indian armed forces provided military training and combat experience to hundreds of thousands of men .
On demobilization , they joined in droves the self-defence units and volunteer outfits of all communities that were mushrooming in post-war India . To these outfits , the former soldiers brought their professional skills in the organized application of force and the ability to impart basic training to other recruits . Those with combat experience were not only inured to the idea of killing people but capable of improvising in rapidly changing and violent circumstances . Nor were the skills that they had picked up during the war restricted to using force .
The organizational techniques learnt in the military enabled them to construct safe-havens for their communities and ensure safe passage through hostile territory…
Indeed , during Partition , the districts that had higher numbers of men with combat experience saw significantly higher levels of ethnic cleansing .
During Partition , the districts that had higher numbers of men with combat experience saw significantly higher levels of ethnic cleansing .
By contrast , the capacity of the state to halt the violence had considerably diminished . Not only were the armed forces wracked with a host of troubles , but they too were being partitioned between the new states of India and Pakistan…
The legacy of the Second World War coloured the first India-Pakistan war over Kashmir in other ways too . For instance , the crucial airlift of Indian troops to Srinagar on 27 October , which stopped the Pakistani raiders in their tracks , owed a great deal to the techniques and capabilities honed during the battles of Imphal and Kohima .
Both armies fought using American and British weapons and equipment , and when the United States imposed an informal embargo on supplying arms and spares to India and Pakistan , both countries were forced to use their shares of the sterling balances to import military equipment from Britain . Nevertheless , India was the principal beneficiary of the wartime expansion in ordnance factories and strategic infrastructure—most of which had occurred outside the areas that became Pakistan—for Allied operations against Japan . Not surprisingly , Pakistan sought to offset its military weakness by seeking an ostensibly anti-communist military alliance with the United States .
By the time the First Kashmir War ended in December 1948 , India and Pakistan were locked in a rivalry that persists to this day . Interestingly , one of the few acts of co-operation between them was the formation of a combined historical section to write the official history of the Indian army during the Second World War . Yet this was a history that neither country wanted much to recall…
Modern South Asia remains a product of the Second World War . The Partition of India might have been inconceivable without the stances and policies adopted by the Raj , the Congress and the Muslim League during the war .
Equally important was the sundering of India 's links with its eastern neighbours . The ‘ Great Crescent ' stretching from Bengal to Singapore via Burma , Thailand and Malaya , was shattered by the devastation of Burma in war and by Britain 's unwillingness to invest in its reconstruction in peace . As Burma embarked on a prolonged period of introversion and international isolation , India 's geographical and economic , cultural and strategic links with SouthEast Asia were broken .
The cumulative impact of these developments , against the backdrop of the emergent Cold War , put paid to Nehru 's vision of India as a regional hegemon that could don the mantle of the Raj . India 's strategic horizons narrowed to its immediate borders and it proved incapable of exerting any real influence in the Persian Gulf , East Africa or South-East Asia . Instead , India had to fall back on claims to solidarity with , and leadership of , the still-colonized countries–and subsequently the Third World and non-aligned nations .
Not all the consequences of India 's war were deleterious . Popular mobilization during the war led to a widening of the political horizons of the Indian peoples . Ideas of freedom and democracy , social and individual rights seeped into the discourse – not just of the elite but also of the marginalized . This underpinned the subsequent decision of the Indian Constituent Assembly to adopt a universal adult franchise and provide for economic and social as well as political rights…
Perhaps the most pressing reason to recall India 's Second World War is geopolitical . Today India stands again at the centre of an Asia whose eastern end is unsettled by the rise of a new great power and whose western end is in the throes of ideologically driven turmoil . To be sure , the situation now is very different from that of the early 1940s . Yet India is seen as a key player in ensuring a balanced regional order in East Asia .
And India 's own dependence on oil , as well as the presence of a large diaspora , impels it towards a more active role in stabilizing the Middle East . Yet if India is to revert to its older role as the ‘ pivot ' of Asian security , it will first have to aim at the economic and strategic integration of the subcontinent : both to its west with Pakistan and Afghanistan and to its east with Bangladesh and Burma .
Only then can the rise of India—prefigured in the Second World War—be fully realized .
Excerpted with permission from Penguin from India 's War : The Making of Modern South Asia , 1939-1945 , authored by Srinath Raghavan . We welcome your comments at ideas.india @ qz.com .
Spring is in the air , and if a classic euphemism is to be believed , this means birds and bees have begun their time-honored practice of non-stop coitus .
Or something like that .
The phrase `` the birds and the bees '' is hazy by design—it 's used to tell children about the mechanics of human sex without actually mentioning sex or humans . It 's prudish poetry that has somehow endured throughout the years , but its origins—like its definition—are n't entirely clear .
Kathleen Kelleher writes in the Los Angeles Times that the term is thought to have two possible origins . Samuel Taylor Coleridge is credited with referring to the two species in the context of love in his 1825 collection `` Work Without Hope '' :
All nature seems at work . . . The bees are stirring -- birds are on the wing . . . and I the while , the sole unbusy thing , not honey make , nor pair , nor build , nor sing .
Unfortunately for Coleridge , this fleeting passage had a lasting legacy , and his jealousy at local birds and bees for getting more action than him has been etched into eternity .
USC professor Ed Finegan found an earlier use of the phrase in the diary of John Evelyn , published in 1644 ( but written a century prior ) :
That stupendous canopy of Corinthian brasse ; it consists of 4 wreaths 'd columns -- incircl 'd with vines , on which hang little putti [ cherubs ] , birds and bees .
Finegan theorizes that Romantic era poets were inspired by this passage 's placement of `` birds and bees '' so close to Cherubs , which represent the sexuality of humans .
The earliest use of the term I found in the New York Times archives that could conceivably be in the modern context of sex is from a Civil War correspondence from Washington DC , published a little over a week after the start of the conflict , in 1861 :
It is a warm , sunny day , this 20th day of April . The air is redolent of bursting buds , and the Capital Park is jubilant with the gushing songs of the birds and the humming of the honey-bees . The Northern air that has `` aggressed '' upon us for a week past has been driven back by the rebellious South wind , that comes , fresh from the fair faces it has carressed , and the waving tresses through which it has wantoned , to enchant the soul with its balmy breath , and entrance the mind with its dreamy sweetness .
The author certainly does n't shy from wordplay ( `` aggressed , '' sick burn ) , which leads me to believe that euphemistic speaking is a possibility .
On the bright side , the convoluted origins of `` the birds and the bees '' may inspire you to skip the phrase altogether next time you 're asked , `` Where do babies come from ? `` —assuming you 're asked before Google is .
ConvnetJS demo : Image `` Painting ''
This demo that treats the pixels of an image as a learning problem : it takes the ( x , y ) position on a grid and learns to predict the color at that point using regression to ( r , g , b ) . It 's a bit like compression , since the image information is encoded in the weights of the network , but almost certainly not of practical kind : )
Note that the entire ConvNetJS definition is shown in textbox below and it gets eval ( ) 'd to create the network , so feel free to fiddle with the parameters and hit `` reload '' . I found that , empirically and interestingly , deeper networks tend to work much better on this task given a fixed parameter budget .
Report questions/bugs/suggestions to @ karpathy .
Choose your own image :
Original Image
Neural Network output
Learning rate :
The learning rate should probably be decreased over time ( slide left ) to let the network better overfit the training data . It 's nice to not have to worry about overfitting .
You can upload your own image above ( click Choose File ) , or you can click on any of the images below to load them .
Go back to ConvNetJS
[ Update : Bitcoin Foundation Director Bruce Fenton has released a statement and responded to our request for comment . The new statement reads that the Board will create new seats , which they need to do to have the minimum number of directors . Then , the plan is to vote to change the bylaws in order to appoint the two vacated seats without elections . ]
The drama at the Bitcoin Foundation continued Tuesday when Olivier Janssens and Jim Harper were unceremoniously removed and asked to resign , respectively . The resignation and removal happened because , according to accounts on both sides , Harper voted to discontinue the organization and Janssens stated he would only support the Foundation if it had a viable plan going forward . This conditional vote of confidence apparently was n't enough and the remaining board voted unanimously to remove him as well .
Yesterday , in the Bitcoin Foundation forums , Fenton stated that the two vacated seats will be filled at the discretion of the remaining board members and not through an open election . Fenton blamed the cost of running an election as the reason for the removal of the democratic process . CoinDesk 's Pete Rizzo first reported that Fenton stated that the board was considering reviewing the process . Now , it has been all but confirmed that the board will not hold elections , for either the recent vacancies or vacancies in the near future .
“ [ I ] t is very likely that the board will appoint the open board member positions , not hold the upcoming elections . The resources required to run an election are significant and we now have 4-5 seats to fill . “
This would seem to contradict the Foundation 's bylaws section 5.4 . That section states that vacant board member seats , other than founding member seats , must be filled by an election .
“ ( a ) Vacancies resulting from the expiration of a director 's term shall be filled by an election by the majority of a quorum of members in the class that elected that director . [ … ] ( d ) Vacancies of an Individual Director resulting from resignation of the director or removal of the director shall be filled by an election of a majority of a quorum of the Individual Members . ”
Significantly , Fenton 's comments seemingly indicate that the upcoming elections , not just the recently vacated seats , will be appointed and not voted on . It is not clear if and when elections will be restored .
The Bitcoin Foundation 's financial woes have long been documented . Despite apparently successful measures to massively cut costs , they are running out of funds . Therefore , it is n't surprising that monetary issues would be cited as a reason the election can not go forward . That likely wo n't placate members who voted Harper and Janssens to their former positions .
Oiliver Janssens and Jim Harper were elected on platforms of transparency and reform . With their ousting and their seats being filled by the remaining members of the forum , any further reform will have to originate from the remaining members .
Those remaining members will have to decide on new bylaws , which will require a 2/3rds vote . Considering the unanimous vote on Janssens , it looks likely that they will be able to find that consensus .
“ Section 9.2 Bylaw Amendments : To the fullest extent permitted by law , the authority to make , alter , amend , or repeal these Bylaws is vested exclusively in the Board of Directors , and may be exercised upon approval of a two-thirds of directors then in office without the vote or consent of any member ( s ) or third parties except for Section 9.3 . ”
There are already open seats coming up for board members Meyer Milka and Elizabeth McCauley . If the election went forward , newly elected members could out number entrenched members . If reform minded individual members were hoping the upcoming elections would provide an opportunity to shift the balance of power in the Foundation , those plans seem unlikely at this point .
In the past two years , the Bitcoin Foundation has made several shifts . They originally acted as a trade group , promoting bitcoin to politicians and funding core development . They eventually shifted to solely funding core development before late last year when they refocused again onto community outreach . That focus has led to , most significantly , the DevCon conferences .
The Bitcoin Foundation is a private organization . If they want to remove the democratic process from it because it is too expensive and causes too much infighting , then that is their right . The only question that remains is how the Bitcoin Foundation 's contributing members , the ones who paid 2.5 BTC , in part for the right to influence the Foundation 's direction , will respond . More important , will they want to renew ?
We have reached out to the Bitcoin Foundation 's Board Direction , Bruce Fenton , for comment on this story . He did not immediately reply but it was after normal working hours . We will update when we hear from him .
It 's as if global warming were ringing the Earth 's atmosphere like some great , cacophonous alarm bell . The upper level zonal winds are swinging wildly from record high positive anomalies to record low negative anomalies . Gravity waves — the kinds of big atmospheric waves that tend to move air from the Tropics all the way to the Poles and are powerful enough to cause the Caribbean Sea to ‘ whistle ' in the satellite monitors — are growing larger . And the Jet Stream now has redefined all boundaries — flowing at times from the East Siberian Sea in the Arctic across the Equator and all the way south to West Antarctica .
( Northern Hemisphere Jet Stream runs from near 80 degrees North Latitude across the Equator in this Earth Nullschool screen capture to merge with the Southern Hemisphere Jet Stream and eventually reach West Antarctica . It 's the very picture of weather weirding due to climate change . Something that would not tend to happen under normal Holocene climate conditions . Something , that if it continues on a significant scale , may threaten seasonal integrity . )
* * * *
The big trough today begins near the Northern Hemisphere Pole . It pulls Arctic air down over Eastern Siberia and into a Pacific Ocean storm track . There , a second big dip in the Jet Stream pulls a crazy loop of this upper air flow further south . And here is where things get really weird — for the upper level river of air that began in the Arctic then makes a jump directly across the Equator .
But our story of a wayward Jet Stream does n't end there . The upper level air flow that originated near the North Pole joins with a building Southern Hemisphere Jet Stream ridge pattern over the Southeast Pacific . Feeding into very strong upper level winds , it turns southward into a high amplitude wave that crosses the Horn of South America and slams itself , carrying with it a big pulse of extreme warmth , into the upper level airs over Western Antarctica .
( An injection of hot , Summer air from the Northern Hemisphere into Southern Hemisphere Winter appears to have aided in the generation of 8 C above average temperatures over Western Antarctica during June of 2016 . Image source : NOAA ESRL . )
A Climate Change-Driven Loss of Seasonal Integrity ?
Like many extreme events resulting from human-forced climate change — this co-mingling of upper level airs from one Hemisphere with another is pretty strange . Historically , the Tropics — which produce the tallest and thickest air mass in the world — have served as a barrier to upper level winds moving from one Hemisphere to another . This barrier can tend to erode during seasonal flips . And so you sometimes get this mixing of sub-tropical Jet Stream winds over the Equator .
But as the Poles have warmed due to human-forced climate change , the Polar Jet Streams have moved out of the Middle Latitudes more and more . More and more they have invaded regions both within the Polar zone and within the Tropics — linking broadening Latitudinal zones . Now , it appears that the old dividing lines are weakening and that flows of upper level air between Hemispheres can be exchanged to a greater degree .
If this is the case , then it 's bad news for seasonality . Prevention and reduction of a mixing of air parcels between Hemispheres by the thick , hot tropical air mass is what has generated a strong division between Summer and Winter during the Holocene Climate Epoch . However , erode that boundary and you get more Summer heat spilling over into the Winter zone and vice versa . You get this weather-destabilizing and extreme weather generating mixing of seasons that is all part of a very difficult to deal with ‘ Death of Winter ' type warming scenario .
In the very recent past , scientists favored a view that such a large-scale mixing between Hemispheres was not possible . But recent observations of Rossby Wave patterns seem to indicate instances where upper level air flows link Poles to Tropics and , in this case , where an upper level air pattern has linked Pole to Pole .
In addition , we have some rather weird behavior going on with the Equatorial zonal winds that may also be linked to climate change , but that currently remains a bit of a mystery . Sam Lillo and others have been tracking record variations in the Equatorial zonal wind pattern called Quasi Biennial Oscillation . And these variations may be linking up with the rest of the downstream climate system ( Rossby-gravity waves etc ) .
( Upper level Equatorial zonal winds moved from record positive anomalies to record negative anomalies within a mere three month timeframe . Image source : Sam Lillo . )
All these observations combined highlight some serious concerns . Polar warming appears to be flattening the atmospheric slope from Equator to Pole to such an extent that an increasing violation of the Hemisphere to Hemisphere seasonal dividing line may be a new climate change related trend . And that 's a kind of weather weirding that we are not at all really prepared to deal with .
UPDATE — A Necessary Statement on the Accuracy of the Above Article and Related Edits
The original article prompted a reaction from a few atmospheric scientists ( including noted climate skeptic Roy Spencer ) as shown here in this Washington Post opinion piece by Jason Samenow , weather editor for the Post . In consideration of the information shared in this piece , I have made a couple of corrections to the information concerning upper-level equatorial wind patterns .
However , the inference taken from my article was somewhat misconstrued . Stating that a global climate emergency due to loss of seasonality is currently upon us and is far-reaching . The message in my article is that the situation appears to be worsening and that this particular global climate crisis may be something that we 'll face over the coming years and decades . The article was intended to highlight the risk posed by weakening dividing lines between climate zones , an apparent observed increase in meridional upper air patterns , and in this case , an observation of the upper-level wind pattern that crossed from pole to pole .
As I mentioned in my article , large meridional upper-level wind flows and related extreme weather , along with what appears to be a growing trend toward a loss of seasonality is a very big deal . Apparently not everyone agrees with me on this point . Regardless , the concern over loss of seasonal variation due to human-caused climate change remains an issue . While there is no guarantee that risk and climate meta-analysis will result in 100 percent accuracy , it is a worthwhile process nonetheless to both identify potential risks under the rapidly changing climate states of our world and to ask the hard questions .
In closing , I must gently disagree with the assertions Mr. Samenow put forth in his opinion piece . On the contrary , it is the height of responsibility to highlight issues that so many others have tended to ignore or discount at great risk to our global civilization .
Paul Beckwith has made his own statements in response to the above article . His statements and conclusions are his own .
If you do not listen to me , then please listen to what the Earth System is telling us . It is very , very concerning . Regards to all and best wishes .
–R
Links :
Earth Nullschool
NOAA ESRL
Sam Lillo
Something Absolutely Gigantic Appears to Be Whistling in the Caribbean Sea
Hat tip to DT Lange
Hat tip to Colorado Bob
Hat tip to Sheri
Advertisements
Male-Fronted Hardcore Band Proves That Guys Can Rock , Too
BALTIMORE — Suffrage , a new all-male hardcore band , is a group of radical-minded men intent on proving once and for all that guys can rock , too .
“ Suffrage plays fast , loud and aggressive which is not something you might expect from a bunch of dudes , ” said guitarist “ Nasty ” Nate Garcia . “ We do n't care how many times we get stopped at the door of the venue and asked if we are dating one of the girls in the bands ; we are here to shake things up in a scene that has historically been a girls ' club .
Members of the masculine band are unapologetic when it comes to showing off their bodies on stage .
“ If I get all hot and sweaty on stage you better believe I 'm going to take off my shirt , and if you do n't like that , well , get used to it , ” said frontman “ Big ” Tim Ramsey proudly sporting lengthy armpit hair for the whole world to see . “ I do n't wear sleeveless shirts for you ; I wear sleeveless shirts for me , so if you ca n't handle a full-bodied man in a position of power , then do n't come to the shows . ”
Brian Worrick is a huge supporter of the band and has followed Suffrage from the beginning .
“ Discovering this band was the push I needed to finally build up the courage to start making zines that focused on men in hardcore , ” said Worrick . “ Beef Boys , which has its third issue coming out as soon as I make the first and second issues , gives a spotlight and voice to underrepresented straight white males in the scene like me . ”
Suffrage has already received glowing praise across multiple social media platforms .
“ The vocalist is so good you can hardly tell he is a guy , ” said a Tweet from @ AmandaJames . “ And look at the bassist in his cute little shorts . Uh yeah , # would . ”
During a recent performance with six other all-male hardcore acts , Ramsey had a bold message for the crowd .
“ You might not like the thought of men playing in hardcore bands , and it might be tough for you to wrap your little head around , but dudes are here to stay . Guys to the fucking front . ”
Picture by Chase Perkins .
ASN Canada FIA Canadian Karting Championships return to Ontario for 2015
Major track and facility changes at Canadian Tire Motorsport Part Kart Centre will delight competitors and fans
The 17th version of Canada 's most prestigious kart racing event is headed to Ontario 's Canadian Tire Motorsport Park new Kart Centre on August 20 to 23 when competitors from across Canada will race for the top podium positions in the Rotax Max Challenge and Briggs & Stratton National classes .
Paul Cooke ASN Canada FIA 's Vice President : “ ASN is excited about bringing our Canadian Championships to the newly named Mosport Kartways ” now under the management and operation of Daniel and Marco Di Leo and undergoing major renovations including track layout changes , new drainage , paving and kerb installations . A major feature is the installation of a new modern administration centre ” . “ The Canadian Tire Motorsport Park and DiLeo partnership is a major boost for race driver development in Ontario and Canada ” said Cooke .
Ron Fellows : “ Our Kart Centre is now a substantially upgraded facility and for the ASN Canada FIA Karting Nationals , it means new and exciting challenges for everyone : drivers , technicians and coaches . Our investment in the Kart Centre further compliments Canadian Tire Motorsport Park and our commitment to being Canada 's complete home for motorsports . ”
Daniel Di Leo , Mosport Kartways Managing principle , “ Our team is proud to host the Canadian Championships , welcoming drivers , families and teams from across Canada to the beautiful rolling hills of Ontario 's Durham Region . Planning with ASN is already underway . In addition , our new name “ Mosport Kartways ” , will bring a host of kart-oriented features including , corporate events , club , regional and national racing events as well as an “ Arrive & Drive ” program ” .
ASN Canada FIA is Canada 's Motor Sports Sanctioning Authority appointed by The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) with 131 Affiliated Organizations across Canada .
Goalkeeper : Kendall McIntosh signed with the Timbers during the offseason after a strong season for T2 , while Wade Hamilton returns for a second season with the side after recording a pair of shutouts in 11 appearances for T2 a season ago . Hamilton is joined on the squad by Christian Herrera , who joins the team on loan from Real Monarchs SLC . The 19-year-old Herrera spent last season on loan with the reserve team of Liga MX 's Pachuca , and should provide competition for Hamilton with experience at the international level for both the U.S. and Mexico .
Defense : T2 's defense has seen the most change of any in the squad , with Rennico Clarke and No . 7 on last season 's USL 20 Under 20 Marco Farfan both signing MLS deals with the Timbers this offseason . UCLA 's Michael Amick , who was selected by the Timbers in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft , leads the new contingent , while Max Ornstil arrives from Santa Clara University having also competed for the Timbers U-23s in the PDL . Maybe the most interesting player to watch , however , is Harold Hanson , a 17-year-old who has competed for the U.S. U18 National Team .
Midfield : Villyan Bijev led T2 's surge up the standings at the end of last season , and finished with a league-high 10 assists and selection to the All-League First Team to show for it . He is joined by Neco Brett , Dylan Damraoui and Andre Lewis , all of whom put in strong performances a season ago , with Brett 's seven goals second only to Bijev on the team . The side has also added former Swope Park Rangers midfielder Tomas Granitto and former FC Cincinnati midfielder Omar Mohamed , both of whom should contribute quickly .
Forward : T2 's forward line could be led by Augustine Williams , who recorded three goals in 11 games after signing mid-season from Nomads SC in California . Russell Cicerone is a good addition after a strong 2016 PDL season with the Michigan Bucks . Cicerone scored two goals in a 3-2 victory to claim the PDL Championship . Arguably the most intriguing options for the side could arrive on loan from the Timbers , though , with Victor Arboleda having signed an MLS deal with the club after earning the No . 19 spot on the USL 20 Under 20 a season ago , and U.S. U20 international Jeremy Ebobisse arriving after being selected with the No . 4 pick in the MLS SuperDraft .
I feel a very Silent Hill mood lately so ... yeah . The inspiration for the base setting came after seeing this amazing work ( go and check it out as the artist is really talented ! ) and my creativity did the rest . The creature in the middle is an original creation by me , its Italian name means `` hubris '' . I am not going to tell you the exact meaning of this picture ( sometimes I try to express my thoughts and feelings through artworks , as in this piece ) because I think it 's better if I leave to you open space to your own interpretations . I would really love to hear your feedback about this . Enjoy !
Red Pyramid Thing ( Pyramid Head ) from the Silent Hill series and original creature `` Tracotanza '' , recreated in DAZ Studio and rendered with Octane .
As usual , they are NOT official models , but have been created from scratch using DAZ Studio 's Genesis 2 Male ( Pyramid Head ) and Michael 4 ( Creature ) as base .
This preview does not give enough justice to the massive work and effort put for this model , I suggest you to see the full HQ version by downloading the picture .
If you like my work , please consider taking a second to express your ideas and/or feedback , any kind of consideration is appreciated and it helps me shape new and improved artworks in the future .
Thank you .
No , your last selfie did n't win you hundreds or thousands of new followers . Instagram confirmed to me today that a bug has caused some users ' follower counts to increase , but that this was a bug that 's being fixed . That increase in people 's follower count will disappear once the bug is completely fixed .
Earlier today , a manager that works with big social media stars tipped me off that some of them had suddenly gained hundreds , thousands , and for the biggest stars like King Bach , as many as 100,00 new followers . A search on Twitter showed many users with smaller followings also saw an instant increase over the last day or so . Some were confused about whether those were real people who followed them or if Instagram was hacked .
After reaching out to Instagram , the company told me it was a bug , not some kind of attack , saying “ some people 's follower counts ( as shown on their profiles ) have spiked ( incorrectly ) due to a bug . We 're fixing the bug and counts will be made accurate once we 've got it fixed. ” The company referred me to this Help Center post .
That means that the increase was a mistake , but once the bug is fixed , people 's follower counts will drop back down to normal . There were no actual people following or unfollowing anyone . Only the number shown on people 's profiles increased , and soon it will return to where it should be .
In the past , Instagram has deleted large numbers of fake spam accounts at once , causing people 's follower count to drop . People naturally panicked that they had offended their followers , but in reality they were wrongly inflated before .
But today was a bug . So , sorry if you thought you were more popular all of a sudden . You 're not . Selfie on .
Is it just us , or are the only people refusing to testify during Washington 's ever-decreasing circle of Russiagate witch-hunting , the leftists who cast the largest aspersions in the first place ?
Two of the co-founders of Fusion GPS , the opposition research firm behind the infamous Trump dossier , invoked their Fifth Amendment rights during a meeting with the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday , a person familiar with the matter told The Daily Caller .
As a reminder , Fusion was working for an ally of Hillary Clinton 's last June when the firm hired Steele to investigate Donald Trump 's personal and business activities in Russia . The result is a 35-page document full of salacious and uncorroborated allegations about Trump and his campaign associates . The dossier has been cited by the FBI as part of its investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives .
Congressional Republicans have questioned the FBI 's decision to rely on the dossier given that its most sensational allegations have not been proved . They are also interested in who hired Fusion .
And now , during a meeting with the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday , Thomas Catan ( left ) and Peter Fritsch ( right ) , the two Fusion GPS partners , reportedly plead the Fifth “ to every question asked of them , ” the source says .
As The Daily Caller notes , the House panel earlier this month subpoenaed Fritsch , Catan and their fellow partner , Glenn Simpson , to discuss their involvement in the dossier , which was compiled last year by former British spy Christopher Steele .
In a letter to California Rep. Devin Nunes earlier this week , Fusion 's attorneys suggested that the three partners , all former Wall Street Journal reporters , would refuse to cooperate with the committee , citing First Amendment protections and confidentiality agreements .
It was unclear from that letter whether the Fusion partners planned to plead the Fifth , which protects witnesses from self-incrimination .
And now we know .. one wonders what they have to hide ?
We look forward to hearing from House Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes ( R-CA ) and Ranking Member Rep. Adam Schiff ( D-CA ) on their thoughts about who in their investigation is forthcoming ... and who is not .
Image copyright Reuters
Ex-FBI chief James Comey is facing a Congress hearing where he is expected to say that President Donald Trump asked him for his `` loyalty '' .
In his opening statement , Mr Comey will testify the president asked him to drop an inquiry into fired National Security Adviser Mike Flynn .
He says Mr Trump called the probe `` a cloud '' over him , but confirms saying the president was not under scrutiny .
The opening statements from senators on the committee are under way .
Mr Comey 's testimony before a Senate panel is expected to last three hours .
After his opening statement , which was released on Wednesday evening , attention will turn to the former ex-FBI chief 's responses to questions from senators .
Major TV networks are covering the hearing live , an indication that they expect a big public audience .
Follow the latest updates
It is being compared to major Congressional hearings such as the 1973 Watergate scandal and the 1987 Iran-Contra affair .
Bars across the US have opened early for the event , with some even serving special cocktails for the occasion .
Two national security officials , NSA Director Mike Rogers and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats , a day earlier testified to senators that they never felt pressured by the White House to do anything illegal .
But in Thursday 's Senate Intelligence Committee hearing , Mr Comey will detail how Mr Trump made him uncomfortable during a series of encounters leading up to the FBI director 's firing on 9 May .
It is one of several congressional panels that , along with the Justice Department , is investigating US intelligence assessments that Russian hackers meddled in last November 's presidential election in an effort to help Mr Trump beat Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton .
The inquiries are also investigating whether any Trump campaign officials colluded with the alleged Kremlin plot , which Moscow has repeatedly denied .
Mr Comey will say his first meeting with the president occurred on 6 January in a conference room at Trump Tower , where Mr Comey briefed him alone on `` salacious and unverified '' allegations about him .
A dossier compiled by a former British intelligence official had claimed the Russian security services possessed compromising material on Mr Trump , including that he had been recorded consorting with prostitutes at a Moscow hotel .
Mr Comey will testify the president `` expressed his disgust for the allegations and strongly denied them '' during a subsequent meeting .
That denial came in a one-to-one dinner on 27 January at the White House , Mr Comey will say , adding that he had a `` very awkward conversation '' with the president that evening .
Who do you believe ? Anthony Zurcher , BBC News
It 's like a sneak preview of a blockbuster movie - this opening statement should be preceded with a `` Spoiler Alert ! '' warning .
Mr Comey is going to largely confirm all the reports that were circulating in the media about what took place during his private meetings with the president - the talk of loyalty , the pressure on the FBI to ease off its Flynn investigation , the multiple requests for public confirmation that the FBI was not targeting Mr Trump himself .
While Mr Comey casts the president in a less-than-flattering light , he does shy away from directly accusing the president of obstruction of justice . Much will be made of how the two men may have interpreted the phrase `` honest loyalty '' differently . In addition , Mr Comey viewed the president 's Flynn request as only relating to his conversations with the Russian ambassador and not the investigation as a whole .
That may not matter much , however .
Large portions of the former director 's account is in direct contradiction to Mr Trump 's version of their meetings . It sets up a `` he-said , he-said '' situation - but Mr Comey has memos and conversations with other FBI officials to buttress his case .
What 's more , if recent polls are any indication , the American public trusts him more than the president . Mr Comey 's performance under questioning - particularly if Mr Trump responds angrily via Twitter - could further sour the public mood .
Four takeaways from Comey 's testimony
Mr Trump asked the FBI director during the discussion in the Green Room whether he wanted to stay in his job , Mr Comey will say .
He will explain he found this `` strange '' because Mr Trump had already told him twice in earlier conversations that he hoped he would not step down .
The former FBI director will say the question `` concerned me greatly '' because he felt the dinner was an effort to `` create some sort of patronage relationship '' .
The former FBI director will testify : `` A few moments later , the president said , ' I need loyalty , I expect loyalty . '
`` I did n't move , speak , or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed . We simply looked at each other in silence . ''
In testimony , the former FBI director will detail his next encounter with Mr Trump , during a meeting attended by intelligence chiefs at the White House on 14 February .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump 's love-hate relationship with Comey over a tumultuous year
The president asked Mr Comey to stay at the end of the Oval Office meeting and told him : `` I want to talk about Mike Flynn . ''
Mr Trump accepted Mr Flynn 's resignation as national security adviser just 24 days into the job after he misled the White House about his conversations with the Russian ambassador .
Mr Comey will say Mr Trump told him : `` I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . He is a good guy . ''
The former FBI director will testify that he offered no such assurance .
Mr Comey also will say the president phoned him on 30 March and said the Russia investigation was `` a cloud that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country '' .
The former FBI director will tell the Senate panel that Mr Trump `` said he had nothing to do with Russia , had not been involved with hookers in Russia '' .
Mr Comey will say he assured Mr Trump during their discussions on 6 January , 27 January and 30 March that the president himself was not under investigation .
He will say that Mr Trump told him during the 30 March phone call : `` We need to get that fact out . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How Michael Flynn became entangled in Russia probe
The former FBI director will say Mr Trump phoned him again on 11 April to press him on this matter . It was the last time they spoke .
Mr Comey also will testify he told the president the White House should contact the Department of Justice .
The former FBI director notes that he spoke with President Barack Obama only twice during the more than three years that their time in office overlapped .
But he can recall nine one-on-one conversations with Mr Trump in four months , three in person and six on the phone .
March 07 , 2013 13:04 IST
While it would be wonderful to have a bright young politician like Sachin Pilot or Jyotiraditya Scindia as Rahul 's premier , the chances are that Rahul will opt for Symbolism over Competence and Youth .
And what more potent symbol than a Dalit Lady Leader , asks Heptanesia Mumbaikar .
Almost 15 years ago -- in August 1998 , six years before she stunned the nation with her decision not to accept the prime minister 's mantle -- I asked Sonia Gandhi if 'When your party comes to power , you will stay on as Congress president and he will be prime minister ? '
As I then recorded on Rediff.com , 'She looks at Dr Manmohan Singh -- the 'he ' in my inquiry -- with apparent amusement and says , `` It is too early . We will cross the bridge when we come to it . ''
Dr Singh was unamused ; he refused to speak to me that afternoon .
Six years later , my awesome colleague Sheela Bhatt was the first to break the story that Sonia would not be prime minister that May 2004 afternoon , much before the television channels had the story . Sheela 's source was unimpeachable and was likely the first to know .
Over the last few days , the media has been full of speculation that Rahul Gandhi will emulate his mother and not accept the prime minister 's post , and instead appoint a Manmohan Singh-like proxy to do the PM 's job .
Going by his stated aversion to power , comparing it to poison in his Jaipur Chintan Shivir speech , I believe Rahul will stay away from Racecourse Road , where Indian prime ministers live .
The difficult job of running a government is not for someone who was distracted and restless during the presentation of the Budget on February 28 .
From what one hears in Delhi , Rahul Gandhi is a reluctant politician , forced into doing it by his mother .
While he has grown into some aspects of the job -- he seems clearly interested in meeting people , especially in villages ; is a bleeding heart like his mama , who is probably more Left of Centre than Prakash Karat is -- I doubt very much that he would want to read voluminous government files like P V Narasimha Rao did .
At 80 , Dr Singh works for close to 18 hours a day , clearly more than any one of his ministers . I do n't believe Rahul would like to spend that much time each day navigating the byzantine alleys of governance .
I do n't know if prime ministers need to work that hard . As some may quip , what use was it for Narasimha Rao and Dr Singh to so micro-manage when both their administrations were/are so dysfunctional ?
Two other prime ministers whom India still feels nostalgic about were not known to be such file-pushers .
Rajiv Gandhi was said to prefer a succinct note from his officials , summarising the contents of a file , so that he did not have to read it from first page to last .
I doubt if Atal Bihari Vajpayee perused files either , likely relying on his principal secretary Brajesh Mishra to do that for him , then listening closely to the counsel of his trusted advisors with those famous eyes shut , and then using his legendary political acumen to take decisions .
Had he not been tripped by an ambitious deputy -- who apparently never got over the grouse that the prime ministership was meant to be his , and he had thrust the older man into the office , because he was a far more acceptable figure to non-Hindutva India -- Vajpayee could have notched up more incredible feats as prime minister .
If Rahul Gandhi spurns the prime ministership -- that is , IF the Congress party and its allies win the next election -- I feel his proxy is unlikely to be P Chidambaram or A K Antony .
Manmohan Singh 's virtue -- apart from his intelligence and years of government service -- was his loyalty . The mild-mannered Sardar was never going to challenge the Dynasty 's hegemony ; he would never conspire against Sonia Gandhi .
Dr Singh 's ambitions are on a different road -- he genuinely wants to build a better , powerful , India , and he thinks that glory and genuine influence can only come if we are a strong economy , with growth rates that will have the world knocking at our door .
Few doubt Chidambaram 's competence , but could Rahul ever go to sleep at night without worrying about the Chettiar 's unbridled ambition ? I doubt it .
Antony would be a Muddler as prime minister . His years at the defence ministry have done one thing -- no longer is fellow Malayali V K Krishna Menon seen as the worst defence minister India has had . Antony is a clear contender ; he may not have lost a war like Menon , but the damage that he has reportedly done to the defence forces by his wishy-washiness may be difficult to address in the years to come .
While it would be wonderful to have a bright young politician like Sachin Pilot or Jyotiraditya Scindia as Rahul 's premier , the chances are that Rahul will opt for Symbolism over Competence and Youth .
And what more potent symbol than a Dalit Lady Leader ?
Meira Kumar , I believe , is the candidate to beat if the UPA has an unlikely third bash at power .
As Lok Sabha Speaker , her little girl voice ( Bait Jaiye ye , please ! ) may be parodied , but the former Indian Foreign Service officer is unlikely to be an embarrassment like Sushilkumar Shinde who Sonia Gandhi was clearly auditioning for a promotion when she asked Dr Singh to appoint him as home minister last July .
And though she lacks the skill to be a big vote-catcher ( that should n't be held against her , given Dr Singh 's absence of appeal at the hustings ) or an impressive counter to that Other Dalit Lady Leader , she would be a trusted pair of hands , having been a rather competent figure in the Speaker 's chair .
The symbolism of the Congress entrusting the prime ministership to a Dalit Woman -- realising at one fell sweep Babasaheb Ambedkar and Kanshi Ram 's dreams -- would not be lost on the Bahujan Samaj who would probably return to the party fold , something Rahul needs badly if he wants to make a mark in his dream project , Uttar Pradesh .
Meira Kumar would also be a difficult target for the BJP or NaMo to attack with vehemence and venom , the way they denounce Sonia and her son .
Prime Minister Meira Kumar would also address a historical injustice . In 1979 , her father Babu Jagjivan Ram -- arguably , one of the most competent ministers in Independent India ( remember , he was the defence minister in the 1971 war and is hailed for his leadership ) -- was thwarted in his attempt to succeed Morarji Desai and Charan Singh as prime minister .
Then President Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy -- possibly the most political ( and that is meant negatively ) of all our Rashtrapatis -- denied Jagjivan Ram a legitimate opportunity to prove his majority in the Lok Sabha after promising him that chance , dissolving the House and provoking a mid-term election that returned Indira Gandhi to power .
When I told a friend at the current prime minister 's office last month that he could be working for Prime Minister Meira Kumar next year , he texted , 'Not a chance that she will be PM . '
We will see .
One last prediction before I sign off . Watch out for a replay of 1984 in the next general election .
In that Lok Sabha election , Rajiv Gandhi , likely advised by his politically savvy cousin Arun Nehru , scuttled the elections of veterans like Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna by fielding Madhavrao Scindia in Gwalior and Amitabh Bachchan in Allahabad respectively .
If Narendra Modi contests the next Lok Sabha election from Lucknow , as Sheela Bhatt first reported last May on Rediff.com , count on Rahul Gandhi requesting his friend Shah Rukh Khan to be the Congress candidate against the man who wants to be prime minister .
Meira Kumar 's photograph : B Mathur/Reuters
Say what you will about Steve Bannon , but at least he knew firing an FBI director currently investigating your associates was a bad idea . Not so for the President of the United States , Donald Trump , or , if reports are accurate , the Son-in-Law-in-Chief Jared Kushner , who apparently championed Trump 's move to fire James Comey while his department was conducting the Russia investigation .
Bannon 's 60 Minutes interview touched on a number of topics—but not , crucially , issues like Bannon , Trump , and Breitbart News ' ties to the shadowy billionaires the Mercers . The former White House chief strategist seemed to confirm to Charlie Rose that he 'd opposed Comey 's firing and that it had led directly to the installment of Robert Mueller as Justice Department special counsel . That part did n't make it on the broadcast , and made news after people discovered it in the `` overtime '' segment online :
2 . WATCH : Bannon says firing of Comey was the biggest mistake in modern political history . Also , he refuses to answer if Kushner was for it . pic.twitter.com/d0zcZgowd1 — Yashar Ali 🐘 ( @ yashar ) September 11 , 2017
`` The biggest mistake in modern political history , '' is high praise for a president who could tweet his way into a world war before breakfast . But there 's no doubt the decision was catastrophically bad from Trump 's point of view , as he traded out an investigation conducted under his appointees at the Justice Department—Jeff Sessions and Rod Rosenstein—for an independent probe spearheaded by a relentless , widely respected , and undeniably competent former FBI director . Time will tell if the decision proves a good one for the country .
Bannon displayed some common sense here , but his reactionary style still shone through the interview . In true Breitbart style , Bannon could not physically bring himself to confirm that the media 's reporting on his position towards the Comey firing was accurate . He also kept up the charade of refusing to confirm details of conversations he had with the president while essentially confirming those details . And of course , he could n't resist slipping another shiv into Jared Kushner , his Day One-enemy in the White House who parlayed his marriage into a job as Secretary of Everything—and outlasted Bannon in the process . This White House is a cartoon high school—except the rich jocks have ethno-nationalists to contend with .
Fedora Project Leader Robyn Bergeron has announced the results of the voting for the Fedora 19 release name and has confirmed that the successor to Spherical Cow will be called `` Schrödinger 's Cat '' . A total of 391 ballots were cast by Fedora contributors ; using the range voting method , 1,876 votes were awarded to the winning name .
Other candidates for names were Higgs Boson ( 1,620 votes ) , Tiddalik ( 1,012 ) , Loch Ness Monster ( 960 ) , Newtonian Dynamics ( 907 ) , Martian Blueberries ( 892 ) , Parabolic Potassium ( 722 ) and Cubical Calf ( 595 ) . The names for Fedora releases are required to have a connection with the previous code-name . However , these release name relationships have been , at least recently , somewhat weakened , as was demonstrated by the connection between Fedora 16 `` Verne '' and Fedora 17 `` Beefy Miracle '' .
In the case of Spherical Cow and Schrödinger 's Cat , the connection seems to be that both have to do with things that are theoretical . The phrase spherical cow comes from a joke about theoretical physicists , while Schrödinger 's cat is the name of a theoretical thought experiment by Austrian physicist Erwin Schrödinger .
The project 's next major release , Fedora 18 `` Spherical Cow '' , is still currently in development and has experienced a number of delays , pushing the final release date into next year . The current stable release of Fedora is version 17 from the end of May .
See also :
What 's new in Fedora 17 , a report from The H .
( crve )
This article is over 3 years old
Lawmakers reportedly arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defeat the course of justice after Baldwin Lonsdale returned and revoked pardons
Vanuatu arrests 11 MPs over pardons issued while president was away
Vanuatu has arrested 11 of the 14 renegade lawmakers who last week created political chaos when one of them granted himself and the others pardons from corruption convictions while the president was abroad .
While the president 's away : Vanuatu speaker pardons himself and 13 MPs Read more
The arrests came after the president , Baldwin Lonsdale , tried to reassert control by revoking the pardons .
The lawmakers were arrested Friday on suspicion of conspiracy to defeat the course of justice , according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
On 9 October , the supreme court found the parliamentary Speaker , Marcellino Pipite , and 13 other lawmakers guilty of bribery .
A judge said many had accepted bribes of 1 million vatus ( $ 9,000 ) to help overthrow the previous government .
But the next day , Pipite signed a pardon for himself and the others . Because the president was away , Pipite was the acting head of state .
Pipite told reporters he had signed the pardons in order to maintain stability in the nation of 275,000 people . But the move angered many people in Vanuatu , who had hoped the verdicts would mark an end to the corruption which has plagued the country 's political system .
A father 's darkest moment comes with the loss of his child . This moment came for Rhode Island resident John Foreman in 1982 , when his 5 year old son 's skull and bones were found in 16 year old Michael Woodmansee 's bedroom , shellacked , and sitting next to a journal that outlined the murder .
Foreman 's son , Jason , had been missing since 1975 . It was only after Woodmansee tried to kidnap another young boy that authorities found Jason Foreman 's bones . In his trial , Woodmansee received a 40 year sentence , but is eligible for release 12 years early because of a plea bargain . Foreman agreed to the plea bargain because he did n't want to hear the details of his sons death – a decision he regrets . “ I put it all behind me… and now , you know , 12 years off for good behavior , come on . It was a shame he only got 40 years to begin with , he should have got a life sentence , ” Foreman said to WPRO-AM 's John DePetro on his Monday morning radio show .
Foreman had this to add : “ I do intend , if this man is released anywhere in my vicinity , or if I can find him after the fact , I do intend to kill this man . ”
This raises the question that no father wants to make – do you take justice into your own hands ? If someone kills your child , does killing them undo the hurt ? Are you a better father for continuing a cycle of violence , or is it better for you to focus your pain toward community programs that would prevent this sort of crime from happening to another father ?
We 're pleased to announce that , after a long period of internal incubation , we 're releasing a foundational framework for asynchronous applications on the JVM which we 're calling Reactor . It provides abstractions for Java , Groovy and other JVM languages to make building event and data-driven applications easier . It 's also really fast . On modest hardware , it 's possible to process over 15,000,000 events per second with the fastest non-blocking Dispatcher . Other dispatchers are available to provide the developer with a range of choices from thread-pool style , long-running task execution to non-blocking , high-volume task dispatching . The GitHub repo is here https : //github.com/reactor/reactor .
Reactor , as the name suggests , is heavily influenced by the well-known Reactor design pattern . But it is also influenced by other event-driven design practices , as well as several awesome JVM-based solutions that have been developed over the years . Reactor 's goal is to condense these ideas and patterns into a simple and reusable foundation for making event-driven programming much easier .
Reactor 's abstractions give the developer a set of tools to not just develop but compose applications in a way that more efficiently uses system resources–which is particularly important when running in the cloud–and reduce or eliminate the spaghetti of nested callbacks ( aptly named “ callback hell ” ) that has so far burdened most asynchronous applications .
What is Reactor good for ?
While you can make Reactor do a lot of things because of its inherent flexibility , it 's really designed to be a foundational framework for applications that need high throughput when performing reasonably small chunks of stateless , asynchronous processing . The sheer volume of non-human-generated data in modern applications can easily overtake a traditional single-threaded , blocking design model . From mobile applications that generate streams of location information to computerized manufacturing machines that send out vast amounts of geometric data to big data applications mining real-time logs to generate business metrics : modern data-driven applications demand better resource utilization and higher throughput than a traditional imperative , blocking application can usually provide .
That 's why the Spring XD project ( as well as several other Spring ecosystem projects like Spring Integration and Spring Batch ) intend to take advantage of Reactor . Combining Reactor 's async dispatch with the NIO-based TCP adapters from Spring Integration to provide high throughput syslog and MQTT ingestion is just one example .
Selectors , Consumers and Events
Three of the most foundational components in Reactor 's reactor-core module are the Selector , the Consumer , and the Event . A Consumer can be assigned to a Reactor by using a Selector , which is a simple abstraction to provide flexibility when finding the Consumers to invoke for an Event . A range of default selectors are available . From plain Strings to regular expressions to Spring MVC-style URL templates
Here 's some example code to show how easy it is to create event-driven applications using Reactor :
// This helper method is like jQuery 's . // It creates a Selector instance so you do n't have // to construct one using 'new Selector ( `` parse '' ) ' import static reactor.Fn. $ ; Reactor reactor = R.create ( ) ; // Register interest in events published to key `` parse '' reactor.on ( $ ( `` parse '' ) , new Consumer < Event < String > > ( ) { public void call ( Event < String > ev ) { service.handleEvent ( ev ) ; } } ) ; // Send an event to this Reactor and trigger all actions // that match the given Selector reactor.notify ( `` parse '' , Fn.event ( `` Hello World ! `` ) ) ;
To Groovy , with Love
Included in the Reactor distribution is a module called reactor-groovy . It includes a Groovy binding which provides an expressive syntax , compile-time checking with @ CompileStatic , implicit transformation of Closure s into Consumer s , as well as other Groovy-specific time-savers .
// Assign a Closure as a Consumer reactor.on ( $ ( 'hello ' ) ) { Event < String > ev - > if ( ev.headers [ 'specialHeader ' ] ) { // Events can have metadata doSomethingWith ( ev.data ) } } // Use Groovy helpers for notify reactor.notify for : 'hello ' , data : 'Hello World ! ' , specialHeader : 'specialValue '
And the best part : we did n't have to trade performance to get there . The same JVM optimizations apply to Groovy code that apply to Java code . We 're continually ( some would say “ obsessively ” ) micro-benchmarking the dispatching code to make it as fast as possible and provide both Java and Groovy users the highest possible throughput .
Ready for Java 8 when you are
Reactor is also designed to be friendly with Java SE 8 's lambda expressions and many components within Reactor can be replaced with lambdas to make your Java code more succinct . We 've also found that using Java 8 lambdas ( and method references ) results in slightly higher throughput . When Java 8 goes GA , you wo n't have to wait for Reactor to support it . It will Just Work ( tm ) .
// Use a POJO as an event handler class Service { public < T > void handleEvent ( Event < T > ev ) { // handle the event data } } @ Inject Service service ; // Use a method reference to create a Consumer < Event < T > > reactor.on ( $ ( `` parse '' ) , service : :handleEvent ) ; // Notify consumers of the 'parse ' topic that data is ready // by passing a Supplier < Event < T > > in the form of a lambda reactor.notify ( `` parse '' , ( ) - > { slurpNextEvent ( ) } ) ;
Functional , Imperative , Callback or Promise : you pick
Executor , Event Loop , Actor , Distributed–there are many shapes for one of the most important use-cases in event-driven programming : task dispatching . Reactor supports several styles of event-driven programming . In addition to the traditional callback-oriented Consumer interface , Reactor has an interpretation of the Promises/A+ spec that makes working with deferred values and consumers very easy .
Nested callbacks , while straightforward and easy to use in an imperative language like Java , become hard to maintain when the complexity of the application increases . Reactor 's Composable and Promise are all about easy composition of actions . You can chain a Composable into a series of actions that transform values , save things to a datastore , aggregate values , or the like . And since they 're chainable , you can do all this in pure Java in a type-safe way . Here 's a quick example of using a Composable to easily chain a series of asynchronously-executed tasks that perform transformation and filtering on the data stream as it passes through the Composable :
Composable < Integer > c = new Composable < > ( ) .map ( new Function < Integer , Integer > ( ) { public Integer apply ( Integer i ) { return i % 2 ; } } ) .filter ( new Function < Integer , Boolean > ( ) { public Boolean apply ( Integer i ) { return i == 0 ; } } ) .consume ( new Consumer < Integer > ( ) { public void accept ( Integer eveni ) { // work with only even numbers here } } ) ;
Each step of the Composable is a potentially asynchronous task . Calls to map , filter , and consume assign tasks to execute when the value from the previous step is available–no callback hell required .
Dispatching
There is no silver bullet to any dispatching concern . Reactor provides different styles of Dispatcher s because every asynchronous application has different dispatching needs in different parts of the application . When ingesting tidal waves of data , for example , a Reactor will want to use the high-speed non-blocking Dispatcher based on the venerable Disruptor RingBuffer . But if a Reactor is issuing a blocking call to a database server or storing a blob of data in S3 , it will want to leverage the lower-throughput worker pool Dispatcher . Reactor provides several options so you can pick the right tool for the job .
If the built-in Dispatcher implementations do n't fit your needs , then Reactor provides a solid foundation on which you can build your own Dispatcher that is tailored to your problem domain .
Grails , meet Events , Events , meet Grails
Grails is a full-stack web application framework for the JVM . With its mature codebase backed by a thriving community , Grails is nonetheless facing new architectural challenges . Events were introduced into Grails through the platform-core plugin . But Events are so powerful that this feature really belongs in the core ; so from version 2.3 on , Grails applications will have a built-in , extremely powerful yet easy to use , convention-based Events API that looks very similar to the current implementation in the platform-core plugin . This Events API will be built on a Reactor foundation .
The goal of integrating events into Grails is to target new kinds of development–especially “ realtime web ” and high-scale , non-blocking application development . Combined with the Asynchronous GORM features , the Events API will prove a powerful ally . Complex queries accessing Big Data stores–thus taking a long time to process–can react when their results are ready by pushing them directly to the browser .
A passionate community is essential
We 'll be working diligently over the next several months preparing for SpringOne , where many of our big , fast , and scalable data solutions will play first fiddle . If you have n't made plans to attend yet , you definitely should ! We 'll have a session on Reactor and how you can use it to create high-scale , high-throughput event-driven applications .
But we ca n't do it without you ! This effort will only succeed if you help us create a passionate and active community for big , fast , event-driven application development on the JVM . If you 're interested , check out the source code on GitHub , see some example code in the reactor-quickstart , report any issues you find , ask questions about Reactor on StackOverflow using hashtag # reactor , join the discussion on the reactor-framework Google Groups email list , or fork the repo to help add features , tweak things for higher throughput , and contribute new ideas .
We 'd love to see you there !
Patrick Bamford : Derby are believed to be closing in on the striker
The 20-year-old is currently on loan at League One side MK Dons where he has netted 16 goals in 28 appearances so far this season .
Bamford 's fine form saw him make his England Under-21 debut as a substitute in November 's 9-0 thrashing of San Marino , resulting in a host of Championship clubs , including Wigan , Burnley and Middlesbrough being linked with his services .
Bamford briefly worked with Rams manager Steve McClaren during his time at Nottingham Forest , who he left for Chelsea in 2012 , signing a five-year deal at Stamford Bridge .
The former England boss is believed to be a keen admirer of the striker and he admitted that Bamford would meet the criteria for any potential January signings .
`` What we have done is we have gone for younger players , the likes of Andre Wisdom and Michael Keane , and even Simon Dawkins , who I keep thinking is only 18 or 19 , and he is 26 , '' he told the Derby Telegraph .
`` So , we have gone for younger players from the top teams and we want that quality .
`` We are looking for youngsters again to add to the squad and improve the quality we have got . ''
Bamford 's current manager , Karl Robinson at MK Dons , conceded it would be unlikely that he would be able to keep hold of the youngster beyond his current deal which expires on January 5 .
`` We 'll speak to Chelsea but I 'll be surprised if he is still with us in January , '' he said .
`` He 's a special talent and has scored a number of goals . He is someone who is going to go from strength to strength . ''
Political coalition of Venezuelan opposition parties
The Democratic Unity Roundtable ( Spanish : Mesa de la Unidad Democrática , MUD ) is a catch-all electoral coalition of Venezuelan political parties formed in January 2008 to unify the opposition to President Hugo Chávez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela in the Venezuelan parliamentary election , 2010 . [ 4 ] A previous opposition umbrella group , the Coordinadora Democrática , had collapsed after the failure of the Venezuelan recall referendum , 2004 .
The coalition is made of primarily centrist , centre-left , and left-wing parties [ 3 ] – such as the social democratic party A New Era – while also including two centre-right [ a ] parties . The main components were Democratic Action and Copei , the two parties who dominated Venezuelan politics from 1959 to 1999 . Since the 2013 Venezuelan presidential election , Justice First became the largest opposition party , and Henrique Capriles Radonski became the leader of the opposition .
In the 2015 parliamentary election , the coalition became the largest group in the National Assembly with 112 out of 167 ( a supermajority ) , ending sixteen years of PSUV rule of the country 's unicameral parliament . In the 2017 Venezuelan Constituent Assembly election , the MUD boycotted the election , and as the National Assembly itself lost most of its power , PSUV effectively retook its parliamentary majority . [ 5 ]
In July 2018 , Democratic Action , one of the largest and most distinguished parties of the MUD , said they will leave the coalition . [ 6 ]
Overview [ edit ]
The MUD was formally launched on 23 January 2008 and restructured on 8 June 2009 . [ 4 ] [ 7 ] In June 2009 MUD included 11 political parties , and was led by Luis Ignacio Planas , President of Copei . [ 4 ] By April 2010 the MUD included around 50 political parties , of which 16 were national in scope ( the rest regional ) , and had support from some other social organisations and opinion groups . [ 8 ] The main parties included in MUD are Democratic Action and Copei , the two parties who dominated Venezuelan politics from 1959 to 1999 ; the dissenting left-wing parties Movement for Socialism , Radical Cause and Red Flag Party ; and more recently established parties Project Venezuela , A New Era , Justice First and For Social Democracy ( `` PODEMOS '' ) . [ 8 ]
The MUD is supported by the Movimiento 2D opposition movement led by El Nacional editor and proprietor Miguel Henrique Otero .
Ramón Guillermo Aveledo [ 9 ] served as the MUD 's Executive Secretary from March 2009 to July 2014 . [ 10 ]
The journalist Jesús `` Chúo '' Torrealba became the coalition 's current Executive Secretary in September 2014 . [ 11 ]
The MUD declared common ideological points between its members in its National Unity Agreement . They support autonomy of State institutions . Furthermore , its members represent and foster ideological pluralism within the democratic Left . MUD supports freedom of work , property , press , and free education . It advocates decentralize power and federalization . It also promotes public security , defense of private property and economic freedoms , quality education , job creation , and job creation and fair distribution of income from national oil reserves . The MUD wants a foreign policy based on solidarity , especially Venezuela 's neighbors . It also wants various policies to make Venezuela more democratic , especially in regards to reducing the institutional influence of the military and reforming electoral laws .
In early September 2012 , David De Lima , a former governor of Anzoategui , published a document he said showed secret MUD plans to implement much more neoliberal policy , if elected , than their public statements showed . De Lima said the document was a form of policy pact between some of the candidates in the MUD primary , including Capriles . [ 12 ] On 6 September 2012 , opposition legislator William Ojeda denounced these plans and the `` neoliberal obsessions '' of his colleagues in the MUD ; [ 13 ] he was suspended by his A New Era party the following day . [ 14 ] Capriles said that his signature on the document was a forgery , [ 15 ] several days later four small parties withdrew from the MUD coalition . [ 16 ] One small coalition party claimed De Lima had offered them money to withdraw from the MUD ; [ 17 ] De Lima denied the claim . [ 18 ] On 30 September , another opposition politician , Aldo Carmeno from the Christian-democratic party COPEI , withdrew support for Capriles , and accused Capriles of `` double speak '' and `` tricking the Venezuelan people '' . Carmeno announced his support for Hugo Chávez . [ 19 ]
2010 legislative elections [ edit ]
In April 2010 the MUD held primaries in 15 electoral districts , with 361,000 voters participating , and selecting 22 candidates ( the remaining 143 candidates were chosen `` by consensus '' [ 8 ] ) . [ 8 ] The candidates chosen included María Corina Machado ( of Súmate ) and Iván Simonovis , one of nine police officials allegedly serving time for participating in the alleged 2002 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt . [ 8 ] Several others of the nine , regarded by the MUD as political prisoners , were also nominated , in districts with a real chance of opposition success ; [ 8 ] winning would require their release because of parliamentary immunity . [ 8 ] Manuel Rosales , the opposition 's candidate in the Venezuelan presidential election , 2006 and now in exile in Peru due to corruption charges ( which Rosales denies ) , was also nominated . [ 8 ]
In the September 2010 election for the National Assembly of Venezuela the MUD won around 47 % of the vote nationally ; however , it only gained 64 seats ( out of 165 ) due to changes in population-vote distribution introduced by the incumbent national assembly that had a government party supermajority . In the same elections , the United Socialist Party of Venezuela won 48 % of the vote and 98 seats , while the Patria Para Todos ( PPT ) party got only 2 seats . [ 20 ] Notable new deputies included María Corina Machado and Enrique Mendoza .
2012 presidential election [ edit ]
The MUD held an open primary election on 12 February 2012 . [ 21 ] Henrique Capriles Radonski won the opposition primaries with 1,900,528 ( 64.2 % ) votes of the 3,059,024 votes cast ( votes abroad not included ) . [ 22 ] The other candidates on the 12 February 2012 primary ballot were : [ 22 ]
2015 legislative elections [ edit ]
Leading figures of MUD celebrate their two-thirds majority in parliamentary elections in December 2015 ( from left to right Lilian Tintori , Freddy Guevara , Jesús Torrealba and Julio Borges ) .
In December 2015 , MUD won 112 of the 167 seats in the National Assembly , a two-thirds supermajority . [ 23 ]
Member parties [ edit ]
Former member parties [ edit ]
The Christian democratic Copei party was not a member of the coalition in the 2015 parliamentary election , despite having been a founding member of the MUD .
The Communist Red Flag Party was a member of the coalition and supported the opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski in the 2012 presidential election , but due to different objectives , the Red Flag Party stepped out of the MUD . [ 24 ]
In July 2018 , the social democratic Democratic Action left the Democratic Unity Roundtable . [ 25 ]
Electoral results [ edit ]
Presidential elections [ edit ]
Parliamentary elections [ edit ]
Election year # of
overall votes % of
overall vote # of
overall seats won +/– Leader 2010 5,334,309 ( # 2 ) 47.2 % 67 / 165 – Ramón Guillermo Aveledo 2015 [ 26 ] 7,707,422 ( # 1 ) 56.3 % 109 / 167 32 Jesús Torrealba
See also [ edit ]
Great Patriotic Pole — political coalition lead by President Nicolas Maduro
Notes [ edit ]
TORONTO – Canada has dropped to an all-time low in the World Rugby rankings at No . 24 .
New Zealand tops the table followed by England , South Africa , Ireland and Australia . The Canadian men are sandwiched between Germany and Portugal .
Canada 's best-ever ranking was No . 11 , for one week in September 2011 . Its previous low was No . 23 earlier this year .
Canada ranked 18th prior to the February start of the Americas Rugby Championship , where it went 1-4-0 .
Rugby Canada fired coach Mark Anscombe in early August after the Canadian men lost to the U.S. in their first attempt to qualify for the 2019 World Cup .
The Canadian women , who finished fifth at the recent World Cup in Ireland , stand fourth in their rankings . World Cup winner New Zealand is No . 1 followed by England and France .
The historic town of Foxford , County Mayo , like most towns in the West of Ireland , suffered from the effects of immigration , resulting in the loss of family members , and a missing generation in the community , effectively leaving town lands devoid of its former population .
The Gathering Foxford 2013 which runs from the 2-4th of August affords us an opportunity to come together in celebration , renewing relationships with family , neighbours , and friends while paying tribute to all our emigrants from Foxford , County Mayo , and the West of Ireland .
In addition , Foxford enjoys a unique relationship with Argentina , where half a million people claim Irish blood , by virtue of the fact that Admiral William Brown was born here in 1777 . He is revered is his adopted country of Argentina having achieved its liberation from the Spanish and Brazilian empires .
Other Irishmen also played a leading role in the development of Argentina , including Father Anthony Fahy , a Dominican Priest and native of Loughrea , County Galway Numerous success stories are attributed to Irish emigrants in Argentina , one of note is that of John Murphy of Wexford , who according to folk tradition , arrived in Argentina with just a pound in his pocket .
By the time he died in the 1870 's he had given his name to the town of “ Murphy ” , in Buenos Aires Province .
In Foxford , the celebrations includes the J.J.O'Hara Memorial Lecture , entitled “ Irish Emigration to Argentina and other Countries in Latin America ” and will be delivered by Professor David Barnwell , Senior Lecturer , N.U.I . Maynooth , in the Mayfly Hotel on Friday evening the 2nd August , commencing at 8 p.m . Inspired by a faded photograph of the “ Class of ‘ 73 ” which was taken in the grounds of St. Patrick 's National School , we are inviting all the former students and invite them for a reunion photograph in the yard of the former Saint Patrick 's Boys School , on Chapel Road , Foxford on Saturday the 3rd August , at 1 p.m. - the 40th anniversary of that event .
The hugely popular Mayo Genealogy Group will present a talk and workshop in the Foxford Sports and Leisure Centre on Saturday the 3rd August from 11.30 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. Also in this venue you can help the community “ Cycle Around Ireland ” a charitable fundraiser using stationery bikes .
Or you can enjoy local scenic walks , fishing , or a relaxing traditional music session in selected local pubs . A show entitled “ The Admiral ” created by Foxford native , Eamonn Walsh and Liam Scanlon of Moy Productions will make its debut in the Admiral Brown Memorial Hall in the town later that evening .
On Sunday the 3rd August , a special prayer service will take place in the Church of Ireland , in memory of Foxford born poet and playwright , Frederick Robert Higgins , friend of W.B.Yeats , Founding Member of the Academy of Letters , and Director of the Abbey Theatre , Dublin . A family relative will recite one of Frederick 's poems during the service .
Later the Sligo Concert Band will give a performance in the town car park , and a Vintage motor display is also planned . Cruiser 's Bar will be the venue for a trad session featuring singing , dancing and perhaps some poetry at 5 p.m . The Church of Ireland will the venue for a talk entitled “ Foxford 's Ironmasters ” – the history of Foxford 's Iron industry , by local historian and Geneva based , Vivian Sheridan .
This is hugely interesting and informative talk commences at 7 p.m. and will be approx . one hour in duration . You are also invited to visit the famous Foxford Woollen Mills and the Admiral William Brown Museum during the weekend , where a warm welcome awaits you . Join us in Foxford , County Mayo for the “ Gathering ” … and be part of it ! .
Senegalese protesters were met with tear gas when they took to the streets for a fourth day straight Saturday to march against President Abdoulaye Wade 's controversial bid for a third term , as security personnel wrapped up early voting .
ADVERTISING Read more
AP - Police opened fire with tear gas Saturday on a commercial avenue in Senegal 's capital , as security forces wrapped up early voting in a contentious presidential race .
It marks the fourth straight day of protests before next week 's critical election , which is pitting the country 's 85-year-old president against a young opposition demanding his departure . The increasingly tense atmosphere on the ground has many concerned there may be unrest if President Abdoulaye Wade is declared the winner of the vote .
On Saturday morning , the country 's 23,000-strong security force including police and military , lined up to vote early . European Union observers said the ballots had arrived on time and voting proceeded calmly .
The normally bustling capital of Senegal has been disrupted by protests every few days since January when the country 's highest court ruled that Wade could be a candidate in this month 's election . Just months shy of his 86th birthday , Wade is seeking another seven-year term in a nation where most people do n't live past the age of 60 .
If he wins , it would be his third term , even though he oversaw a revision to the constitution in 2001 imposing a two-term limit .
Shopkeepers pulled down metal grills to protect their businesses as the blast of tear gas being fired resonated in the capital 's downtown core . The vendors that hawk their wares on the street hurried to pack up their goods .
Four people have been killed since the protests began , a death toll that is small compared to the election violence that recently gripped Ivory Coast , Guinea , Nigeria and Congo , but high for Senegal which has long been seen as a model of tolerance and stability .
Late Friday , police attempting to disperse a crowd launched a tear gas grenade inside a mosque belonging to the Tidiane Muslim “ confrerie , ” or brotherhood . Enraged worshippers ran outside .
Senegalese TV showed an officer who braved the cloud of gas in order to kick away the spewing canister from the door of the mosque , in order to calm the anger .
The country 's Muslim brotherhoods hold enormous sway , and on Saturday , Interior Minister Ousmane Ngom traveled to Tivaouane , home of the Tidiane 's khalife , religious leader . A mob of angry youths encircled the house of the khalife , as Ngom was inside , according to Ngom 's spokesman Mbaye Thiam who was reached by telephone in Dakar .
The state-owned news service said that the youths were preventing Ngom from leaving and that they had also set fire to a government building nearby .
Nexus fans might be in for a bit of a shock as reports have emerged that Google may be planning to bin the popular brand in favour of “ Play Edition ” hardware .
The word comes via Twitter tech soothsayer Eldar Murtazin , who also adds that the devices would n't arrive under the Play Edition name and that this too will be re-branded .
Nexus line by Google is over in 2015 ; ) Yes - this line will be replaced by Play Edition ( current name , it will be rebranded ) — Eldar Murtazin ( @ eldarmurtazin ) January 27 , 2014
But it 's that specific choice of words which is where Nexus fans could have cause for alarm . If it was simply a case of Google re-branding the Nexus brand as Play Edition , or something similar , many would surely not have problem . But in saying that the Play Edition name could be re-branded it strongly suggests it 's not the name that 's being adopted so much as the practice of using manufacturer 's own flagships with stock Android stuffed inside .
So far we 've seen Play Editions of the HTC One and Samsung Galaxy S4 .
Some reports have theorised this may be a move by Google to keep a bit of Android loyalty from partners . It 's thought that manufacturers do n't particularly like competing with Nexus devices when they ca n't undercut the price in the same way the big G likes to .
And for Nexus-like phones , Google-owned Motorola is certainly making moves in similar territory these days with the likes of the Moto X and Moto G. While both those phones are quite modestly specced , this does n't exclude Motorola from producing something with a pretty fearsome set of hardware at a lower cost just like Google did with Nexus .
What do we make of this prediction ? Well , it 's possible , if it is a case of Google leveraging an increasingly visible Motorola and appeasing its OEM partners , which with all the talk of Microsoft poaching Samsung and Sony for Windows Phone , is n't an unreasonable reaction .
Murtazin has been accurate with some interesting news in the past , but there has been the occasional snippet that 's turned out to be way off base . So for now we 'll take it with a grain of salt , but it 's an interesting idea nonetheless .
Scientists have uncovered new evidence for an ancient heat source beneath the West Antarctic ice sheet .
The underground mantle plume is thought to be driving some of the melting seen beneath the ice , giving rise to lakes and rivers .
It 's thought to have formed 50-110 million years ago , long before the ice sheet itself , and has likely played a role in rapid collapses that took place during past periods of climate change – and , it could help explain the instability seen today .
The underground mantle plume is thought to be driving some of the melting seen beneath the ice , giving rise to lakes and rivers . The illustration shows flowing water under the Antarctic ice sheet , with blue dots indicating lakes , while lines show rivers
MANTLE PLUME According to NASA , mantle plumes are narrow streams of hot rock , which spread like a ‘ mushroom cap ' beneath Earth 's surface . As the material is buoyant , it pushes the crust upward . The study found that the energy flux from the mantle plume must not exceed 150 milliwatts per square meter – compared , for example , to a heat flux of 490 to 60 milliwatts in regions with no volcanic activity , and an average 200 milliwatts per square meter beneath Yellowstone . When the researchers simulated a greater heat flow , they found it resulted in too much melting .
The suspected geothermal heat source is situated deep beneath Antarctica 's Marie Byrd Land .
While it 's not a new phenomenon , it could help scientists better estimate the rate of future ice loss in the area , as the meltwater helps to lubricate the glaciers .
A scientist at the University of Colorado Denver first suggested the presence of a mantle plume beneath Marie Byrd 30 years ago .
This could explain volcanic activity and the dome feature .
‘ I thought it was crazy , ' said Hélène Seroussi of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , of when she first heard the idea .
‘ I did n't see how we could have that amount of heat and still have ice on top of it . '
In a new study , however , researchers used numerical modelling with the Ice Sheet System Model to study the plume , revealing natural sources of heating and heat transport from a number of processes .
They scientists also used observations of changes in the altitude of the ice sheet surface , captured by NASA 's IceSat satellite and airborne Operation IceBridge campaign .
‘ These place a powerful constraint on allowable melt rates – the very thing we wanted to predict , ' said Erik Ivins of JPL .
Scientists have uncovered new evidence for an ancient heat source beneath the West Antarctic ice sheet ( pictured ) . It 's thought to have formed 50-110 million years ago , long before the ice sheet itself
The study found that the energy flux from the mantle plume must not exceed 150 milliwatts per square meter – compared , for example , to a heat flux of 490 to 60 milliwatts in regions with no volcanic activity , and an average 200 milliwatts per square meter beneath Yellowstone .
When the researchers simulated a greater heat flow , they found it resulted in too much melting .
To work with the space-based data , they found the heat flow must be between 150 and 180 milliwatts per square meter .
According to NASA , mantle plumes are narrow streams of hot rock , which spread like a ‘ mushroom cap ' beneath Earth 's surface .
As the material is buoyant , it pushes the crust upward .
The researchers say the plume beneath the Marie Byrd Land may have helped drive rapid ice loss at the end of the last ice age , around 11,000 years ago .
Share . No evil ape shall escape their sight . No evil ape shall escape their sight .
2016 has been a great year for crazy comic book crossovers , but 2017 is shaping up pretty nicely , too . February marks the debut of Planet of the Apes/Green Lantern , a joint effort between BOOM ! Studios and DC Comics that brings the heroes of the Green Lantern Corps to a post-apocalyptic world where apes reign supreme .
BOOM ! Studio has given us the exclusive reveal of the cover to Planet of the Apes/Green Lantern # 1 , which was drawn by iconic Green Lantern artist Ethan Van Sciver . Check it out below :
Planet of the Apes/Green Lantern is a six-issue mini-series that will be co-written by Robbie Thompson ( Silk ) and Justin Jordan ( Green Lantern : New Guardians ) . The series will be drawn by Barnaby Bagenda ( The Omega Men ) . Alongside this cover , BOOM ! revealed that issue # 1 will feature variant covers by Steve Morris , Paul Rivoche , Felipe Massafera and David Ryan Robinson .
BOOM 's official description for the mini-series teases , `` When Taylor goes missing , Cornelius investigates and discovers an ancient ring , unlike anything he has ever seen . As its power echoes through the stars , the Guardians of the Universe must reveal to their Lanterns a secret they had hoped would remain buried . With the Green Lantern Corps , led by Hal Jordan , racing to get to the source of this power before Sinestro can get his hands on it , they will discover a truth that will change them forever on ... the Planet of the Apes ! ''
Look for Planet of the Apes/Green Lantern # 1 to hit comic shops and digital providers on February 1 , 2017 .
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN . Allow him to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @ jschedeen on Twitter , or Kicksplode on MyIGN .
Before Glenn Close became a Hollywood star , she spent 15 years as a member of a religious cult known as the Moral Re-Armament ( MRA ) . But the 70-year-old insists her traumatic childhood helped her become a better parent to 29-year-old Annie Maude Starke .
“ You 're totally pulled up from what your roots were , what you love , and your family is pulled apart , ” Close recalled to Closer Weekly this week . “ It was very destructive . ”
Close said her controversial past has made her determined to give her daughter a stable and loving upbringing .
“ She 's wonderful and makes me incredibly proud , ” explained Close . “ I 'm also proud that I have a great friendship with her father [ producer John H. Starke ] , and when she turned seven she was living in the same house that she was taken home to when she was born , and we still have that house . ”
Back in 2014 , Close told The Hollywood Reporter she was just 7-years-old when her father , a Harvard-educated doctor , joined MRA , a group founded during the late 1930s . The publication added it was led by Rev . Frank Buchman , who was recognised as a “ violently anti-intellectual and possibly homophobic evangelical fundamentalist . ”
“ You basically were n't allowed to do anything , or you were made to feel guilty about any unnatural desire , ” said Close at the time . “ If you talk to anybody who was in a group that basically dictates how you 're supposed to live and what you 're supposed to say and how you 're supposed to feel , from the time you 're 7 till the time you 're 22 , it has a profound impact on you . It 's something you have to [ consciously overcome ] because all of your trigger points are [ wrong ] . ”
Close would n't reveal how she manage to leave MRA at age 22 , but she did share how her memories impacted her over the years .
“ I would have dreams because I did n't go to any psychiatrist or anything , ” she said . “ I had these dreams , and they started with betrayal , a sense of betrayal , and then they developed into me being able to look at these people and say , ‘ You 're wrong . You 're wrong . ' And then the final incarnation of those dreams was my being able to calmly get up and walk away . And then I did n't have them anymore . ”
This story originally appeared on Fox News and is republished here with permission .
The chair of the TTC board and its CEO are heading to Thunder Bay Tuesday to impress upon Bombardier Toronto 's growing impatience with the late delivery of the city 's new $ 1.25-billion streetcars . But if the high-level meeting is n't enough to get the cars moving , the TTC is also investigating other options .
The new TTC streetcars were shown off last summer at the Hillcrest yard , but more have been slow to arrive . ( Randy Risling / Toronto Star )
On Monday , the transit agency 's board ordered a report by July that would look at whether Bombardier could be shut out of future TTC bids . Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong ( open Denzil Minnan-Wong 's policard ) , the deputy mayor and TTC board member who called for the report on potential consequences to Bombardier 's late delivery , said it 's one option if Bombardier does n't comply with a schedule . “ Typically when we have a bad vendor or a bad contractor in construction we say , ‘ You ca n't bid . We 're not going to let you bid on future contracts for a certain amount of time . ' My understanding is we may have some future contracts with respect to rolling stock and my understanding is we could tell Bombardier , ‘ We do n't want you to bid on these contracts , ' ” he said .
Article Continued Below
Toronto should have 50 of the low-floor , air-conditioned vehicles by now . But there are only six on the street nearly a year after the first car launched . A strike at the Thunder Bay plant , challenges with the design of the wheelchair ramp and a paint issue were originally blamed for the late deliveries . But it turned out that the initial vehicles were so poorly built they were unacceptable . Doors and walls were out of alignment and Bombardier tried to rivet the cars together . Laminate peeled . The draft revised schedule calls for Bombardier to start delivering one vehicle every five days starting at the end of July , said TTC CEO Andy Byford , who will meet with plant workers and corporate officials on Tuesday along with TTC chair Josh Colle ( open Josh Colle 's policard ) . Byford said that senior Bombardier officials are adamant they will be able to produce the cars but it will be August before they prove it . “ It 's not just the quantity of vehicles , it 's got to be the quality . I 'm certainly not going to accept a sudden influx of vehicles . They have to be the right quality , ” he said .
Until now Colle and Byford have stressed they 're more interested in seeing streetcars than pursing legal action . Minnan-Wong admitted there could be costs associated with buying from another company .
Article Continued Below
“ But if we 're not getting anything from Bombardier , then what are we paying for anyway ? ” he said . “ Given how they 're not being totally co-operative or helpful , one might easily come to the conclusion they 're taking us for granted , ” said Minnan-Wong . Mayor John Tory ( open John Tory 's policard ) also said it 's time Bombardier addressed its customer 's concerns . “ I certainly think if they want to do business with us going forward , notwithstanding they 're a proud Ontario and Canadian company , that they 're going to have to do better than this and I hope the meeting that happens this week emerges with some answers as to how we can get those vehicles as quickly as possible , ” he told reporters on Monday . With files from David Rider
Read more about :
A couple of years ago a national newspaper was giving away free books . It was n't my newspaper of choice but , you know – free books . So I would always have a glance in the newsagent to see what the current offer was . One week it was Shirley Jackson 's We Have Always Lived in the Castle .
Now , I absolutely adore this book , but I did n't bother picking up the newspaper that day . I have , you see , already got a copy – there 's a picture of it above . You might think that , given the rather sad state of it , I would jump at the chance of a clean , fresh , free copy . But that never occurred to me . My old 1960s paperback might be battered , bruised and beaten , but it is truly beloved .
I 'm not sure how long I 've had that Shirley Jackson book . Ten years at least ; probably 15 . Maybe more . I 've read it perhaps half a dozen times . And each time I take it from the shelf , another sheaf of pages has come loose . The glue in the binding has deteriorated some more . The spine is scuffed and ripped , the cover is fading by degrees . But I could no more consider getting rid of it than I could put a bullet in the head of a geriatric dog .
The book does n't have any particular emotional ties – it was n't given to me by a loved one , nor found in any special place . I did n't read it for the first time one unforgettable night . But – for reasons that seem unclear and perhaps a bit odd now I come to examine them – I just would n't get rid of it , or replace it with a new copy .
Perhaps it 's because my books have travelled with me all my life , their numbers swelling , becoming a much more unwieldy herd whenever I 've had to move house . They 've been lent out , brought back ; their spines have been cracked and their pages spread-eagled on tables and floors ; they 've been rubbed with suntan lotion and their corners turned down ; they 've fallen in the bath and been left in the garden all night .
Perhaps it 's because they mutely accept such abuse with the faithful , unconditional stoicism of our imaginary geriatric dog that I do n't part with them . They 've toiled hard for me , in difficult circumstances , and like some benevolent squire of old I feel it 's my duty to provide a comfortable place for them in their twilight years .
I looked on the internet for the average life of a paperback book while writing this . Some people said 10 years , others longer . There are guides available which tell you how to look after books ; one I found on eBay , aimed at bibliophiles , says : `` Take the book from the shelf , avoiding too much dragging . Place the book gently on its spine and on a flat surface . Using a hand on each side , allow the book to open somewhere near the middle . Most books will do this naturally . Turn to the place you want by turning sections of the book over . Never press down on the pages near the joint or force the boards back beyond the flat position . ''
Where 's the fun in that ? Books should n't be wilfully mistreated , but we should n't handle them with kid gloves . If they pick up imperfections and blemishes , then so what ? A less than pristine book is a book with character . As we might , in time , come to look like our geriatric dog , so our books come to share with us the scars and scratches of life .
That 's one of the reasons why I 'm in no rush to start digitising my collection on a soulless ebook reader . Ripped , torn , stained with tears and coffee and beer , falling apart , I love all my battered books , and I bet some of you do , too . Share your falling-apart favourites here and on our Flickr stream .
California 's regulations for self-driving cars were specifically developed for the type of cars Uber Technologies Inc. is sending around San Francisco . Yet the way the law is written could allow Uber to continue testing the cars without following the rules .
Uber launched its self-driving pilot in San Francisco last week , and the California Department of Motor Vehicles quickly ordered the company to stop using the cars until it obtained a permit , under regulations established for companies looking to test self-driving cars . Autonomous vehicles need many miles of driving for the technology to learn and adapt to surroundings so that it can eventually take over the role of driving .
Uber has so far refused to abide by the order , however , saying that the cars it is testing are n't autonomous and therefore not subject to the law . California defines autonomous cars as having “ technology that has the capability to drive a vehicle without the active physical control or monitoring by a human operator , ” and requires companies with cars that meet this standard to obtain the testing permit from the DMV .
See also : Uber drivers go to war against self-driving cars
Uber claims that the wording of the law itself means it only applies to cars that are already autonomous . Uber argues that its cars can not be on the road “ without the active physical control or monitoring ” of a human , as its test cars have a driver and an engineer in the front seats .
While the fight centers on the vagaries of the law , experts say Uber 's interpretation is n't what the law is meant to enforce .
Bryant Walker Smith , assistant professor of law at the University of South Carolina , said the law is intended to regulate the development of a car that will at one point not need active monitoring , which is what Uber is doing .
“ My view of the law that was passed is that it was intended to apply to this kind of vehicle , ” Smith said .
Overall , Smith says the statute is for “ aspirational ” autonomous vehicles . If all companies took it literally like Uber , the statute would likely not apply to any cars in development , as they would have to start out the test with cars that are already fully self-driving .
Uber 's “ very literal ” argument might succeed if the company were facing a charge in court , Smith said . It does n't work as well for the current situation , in which regulators are in charge of implementing and communicating their interpretation of the law , he said .
See also : The complicated web of companies that will determine the future of cars
Twenty companies have obtained autonomous-driving test permits from the DMV , including Alphabet Inc. GOOG , +0.52 % GOOGL , +0.42 % Volkswagen Group of America , General Motors GM , -0.07 % — which has joined with Uber competitor Lyft — and Tesla Motors Inc. TSLA , -0.30 %
Uber has specifically used Tesla 's “ Autopilot ” system as a comparison for its technology , arguing that the semiautonomous features available on the electric cars do n't require a permit and are similar to the current capabilities of its own system . “ Autopilot ” is considered a driver-assistance platform , though Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk has said the company — which did obtain a DMV permit for its testing — has an eventual goal of offering autonomous capabilities .
Tasha Keeney , an industrial innovation analyst at ARK Investment Management , said that Uber appears to be “ aggressively ” testing its self-driving technology with the goal of eventually creating a fully autonomous vehicle .
“ It is n't self-driving to the point that it is commercially ready , but that certainly seems like that is [ Uber 's ] goal , ” Keeney said .
Still , Uber likely lags behind other developers in its self-driving capacity . Based on reports of media taking test rides in Pittsburgh , Keeney 's firm calculated that humans need to intervene in the Uber self-driving cars about once every 10 miles . Uber would have to report data similar to that in California if it obtains a permit .
Smith sees a few different potential near-term outcomes in California , with the first being a temporary or permanent injunction barring the cars from the road , which the California Attorney General 's office said Friday would happen if Uber did n't cease the program 's operations and seek a permit . If that came to pass , Uber and employees related to the pilot program could be held in contempt if they continued the pilot , he wrote .
Even if Uber does achieve a commercially viable autonomous car through its testing , it would then have to register with the California DMV on forthcoming deployment regulations .
“ They 're not buying themselves all that much time , ” Smith said of Uber 's fight against the DMV .
The San Luis Obispo Gem & Mineral Club proudly presents :
Annual Summer Gem & Mineral Show !
Saturday June 18th , 2016 , 10am to 5pm
& Sunday June 19th , 2016 , 10am to 5pm
Located at the Cambria Vet 's Hall ( 1000 Main Street )
Free Parking , Admission , & Door Prizes
Featuring vendors selling a fantastic array of gems , minerals , fossils , jewelry ,
jade , beads , crystals , meteorites , lapidary-related items & display supplies .
———————————————————————————
The San Luis Obispo Gem & Mineral Club holds two shows per year . The annual June gem & mineral show is held on Father 's Day Weekend .
This year , due to the closure of the historic Cayucos Vet 's Hall , the Summer gem & mineral show will be held at the Cambria Vet 's Hall . Admission is always free and we give away some wonderful door prizes donated by the vendors . To learn more about the club , check out the San Luis Obispo Gem & Mineral homepage at www.slogem.org .
Keep updated on the best shows with the American Geode gem , mineral , jewelry and fossil show newswire and calendar !
Watch a short video here for gem , mineral and fossil show tips from the experts !
Hello everyone , my name is DM Mooshybooshy , you can call me Moosh for short . I 'd like to run a homebrew campaign using kobolds for evil purposes .
You do n't need to know much about the world ; much of it is just pointless detail to you . Why ? You 're a kobold , that 's why . All that matters is your tribe . And your tribe ... your greater scaly family , the nest of kobolds that dwells in Moontower Mountain , is in a bad way .
Like all large gatherings of kobolds , your culture revolved around the worship of those who were scaly and stronger than you . At the center of Moontower Mountain was a slumbering black dragon named Gorlaug the Corruptor . The Mountain , as well as all the miles of swampland around it , were his domain , and your tribe were his happy and loyal subjects under his protection . Until the adventurers came .
Drawn by legends of Gorlaug 's wealth , a group of powerful heroes invaded your mountain home completely unprovoked ! Slaughtering your tribe by the dozens as they leapt to Gorlaug 's defense , the adventurers looted and pillaged as much treasure as they could , slaying the dragon in a climactic battle that destroyed the very mountaintop in a fiery eruption .
You are a kobold survivor of that dreaded day . The chieftain , the head witch doctor , the strongest warriors and best mages and trapmakers of you - all are slain . You are only beginning your journey into full maturity , still young , so you were overlooked in their mad quest for phat loot .
While picking through the remnants of what used to be your home , you found each other ; kobolds of all different colors that survived , like you .
Enough hiding in strongholds and amassing loot to be stolen by others . This world , it seems , calls for murderhobos , not kobolds living in peace worshipping an acid wyrm . It 's time to become adventurers and give the bastards who did this a taste of their own medicine .
It 's time for revenge .
Master Yu Gui Feng Donald Trump has Presidential energy ; Hillary Clinton does n't have Presidential Energy ; Melania Trump has First Lady energy . Master Feng
Today , Master Yu Gui Feng , a world leading Feng Shui Master with x-ray and natural psychic abilities , has stood by his previous Trump win prediction made on Sky News on Thursday , September 22 , 2016 .
Based in Australia and with methods that cut through the logic cluster of any given event , Master Feng has never hedged his predictions after 30 years of research . Other startling predictions in the run-up to next week 's U.S. Presidential Election include :
`` Trump has Presidential energy ''
`` Melania Trump has First Lady energy ''
`` Hillary Clinton does n't have Presidential Energy ''
In Chinese history , the highest level of healers and Feng Shui Masters are Masters with x-ray eyes . Master Feng possesses a unique gift and reads personal energy colors and those of homes and businesses . He pinpoints strengths and weaknesses - highlighting dangers before they happen .
The White House has dark Feng Shui energy forces .
`` The White House has black poison arrow energies pointing towards the heads and chests of the occupants , this could lead to serious head & chest related issues '' observed , Master Yu Gui Feng .
`` Since 1913 , almost all Presidents have died of fatal issues in the head and chest . In all , 10 out of 11 U.S. Presidents such as Lyndon Johnson , a heart attack , Richard Nixon , a stroke , Ronald Reagan , Alzheimer 's disease and John F. Kennedy , assassination ''
The Master explained that people do not realize there are vast bodies of energy outside the physical world affecting lives . `` The red energy color indicates career success , love , and health , while black energy results in financial ruin , business failure , divorce , illness and even death . The leader of a country requires only the purple energy color and the White House 's purple yang energies point towards Donald Trump , which means he will enjoy events more favorable than unfavorable leading up to Tuesday 's election . Conversely , there are yin black energies pointing towards Hillary Clinton . With these energies in place , Trump will cut in front of Hillary and win the 2016 election . ''
About Master Yu Gui Feng :
Master Yu Gui Feng , a world leading Feng Shui Master with x-ray and natural psychic abilities . He is a descendant of King Wen who was the founding father of Feng Shui and has been using his abilities to better people 's lives since he was just 8 years old . His unique gift has been featured on national television , including Sky News and Networks 7 , 9 and 10 .
Master Feng was born in China and has resided in Australia for the past 20 years . After being invited to lecture at La Trobe University and the University of Melbourne , he was granted permanent residency and citizenship of Australia .
`` I 've been given the gift of x-ray vision , a sixth sense that allows me to see the energy colors of objects and buildings , as well as those inside the bodies of people . This allows me to understand the true source of Feng Shui problems and disturbances . ''
Master Feng has spent over three decades reading and analyzing personal energy fields . No other person in the world can match his remarkable powers . Whether reading a person , a world-famous celebrity or a head of state , his phenomenal ability never fails to reveal to his subjects the true nature of their being , heretofore unknown even to them . Master Feng 's ability to read people 's energy fields is also widely applied in the areas of business and politics .
Master Feng can instantly tell people about threats and opportunities simply by watching them walk into their home or place of business . Visit the following websites to discover more about Master Yu Gui Feng
http : //www.masterfeng.com/
https : //www.facebook.com/MasterFeng01
Media contact information :
Master Feng
Email : Qi ( at ) MasterFeng.com
# # #
A St. John 's man who had been missing since last weekend has been found alive and safe after surviving on berries for several days .
Jonathan Hannaford , 34 , was reported missing after an Royal Newfoundland Constabulary officer found his car on the side of the Outer Ring Road in St. John 's early Sunday morning .
`` I just saw my son , and gave him the biggest hug in the world , '' his father , Brian Hannaford , told CBC News early Wednesday morning .
`` I went nuts , trembling and shaking . It 's the best news ever . ''
'It 's the best news ever , ' Brian Hannaford said after his son was found safe . ( Geoff Bartlett/CBC )
Brian Hannaford on his son being found alive 4:18
Brian Hannaford said his son called him just after 3 a.m. from St. John 's International Airport .
He told his son to stay put until police arrived to pick him up .
`` I said , 'They wo n't hurt you , they wo n't harm you , they 're there to help you ' , '' he said .
`` He said , 'OK , I 'll come outside there and they can come and get me . ' ''
RNC Const . Steve Curnew said police received a tip shortly before getting a call from Brian Hannaford that his son was at the airport .
Curnew said someone had spotted Jonathan Hannaford in the Airport Heights neighbourhood , sparking another search involving the K-9 unit .
Had been camping out in search area
Brian Hannaford said his son had been in wooded areas around Airport Heights and Pippy Park the whole time , sleeping in a tent and living off berries .
Searchers had been looking in that area , and had even used helicopters in the search . Brian Hannaford said his son had heard the helicopters , but thought the sound was from nearby traffic .
According to Brian Hannaford , his son has high levels of anxiety and tries to avoid people , and did n't even think anyone was looking for him .
`` He just left . He had no blankets , no pillow and just his dirty old clothes there , '' said Hannaford .
`` He 's that tired he said he just wants to go to sleep . ''
Brian Hannaford , who said a note was also found in his son 's vehicle last Sunday , was with his son on Friday , when the two took Theodore , Jonathan 's three-year-old son , to Butter Pot Park .
He said after officers found Jonathan Hannaford 's vehicle , it was discovered that it had stopped working due to an electrical issue .
Jonathan Hannaford 's blue Ford Mustang was located on the side of the Outer Ring Road on Sunday . Police said the keys and a written note were discovered near the car . ( CBC )
After being found early Wednesday morning , Jonathan Hannaford was taken to hospital for examination , and his father hopes he will be able to get effective treatment to deal with his anxiety .
`` I 'll have to get him on a good healthy way now , eating and getting his life together , '' he said .
`` It ca n't be like it was in the past ; he 's got to know that people love him . ''
The ability of North Koreans to watch their athletes compete at the 2012 Olympics looks set to be decided this week , just in time for the opening of the games .
A official from the Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union ( ABU ) , an organization of major broadcasters in the Asia Pacific , is due to travel to Pyongyang to discuss airing the games in North Korea . ABU President Kim In-kyu , who also serves as chairman of Korea Broadcasting System ( KBS ) , will make the trip on Tuesday , according to VOA .
It 's likely to result in a deal allowing North Korea 's KRT access to the Olympic TV feed .
While most broadcasters have been planning their coverage for months , the ability of KRT to broadcast the games has been in question . That 's because broadcasting rights for the entire Korean peninsula were awarded to SBS International , a U.S.-based affiliate of South Korea 's Seoul Broadcasting System ( SBS ) that sells rights for sporting events to South Korean broadcasters .
SBS International is selling on media rights to South Korea 's three main terrestrial networks : SBS , KBS and Munhwa Broadcasting Corp. ( MBC ) but has n't sold rights to North Korea .
At the time an SBS spokesman was quoted by Yonhap as saying the three South Korean broadcasters would likely cover the cost of providing the Olympics feed to North Korea 's KRT .
“ Nobody would expect to receive money from North Korea , ” Roh Young-hwan told Yonhap in 2006 .
Now it looks like the ABU will handle to arrangement .
The Kuala Lumpur-based organization did the same in 2010 , providing a feed of the World Cup to KRT .
When SBS paid $ 72.5 million for broadcasting rights in 2006 , it was for the 2012 and 2016 summer games and the 2010 and 2014 winter games . And then earlier this month , SBS secured Korean peninsula rights for the four subsequent games , from 2018 through 2024 .
So expect this all to happen again in the years ahead .
This 2006 Mitsubishi Evolution IX has 15k miles and is an unmodified example powered by a turbocharged 2.0 liter inline-four paired to a 5-speed manual gearbox . It was purchased new at Southern Oregon Subaru/Volvo/Mitsubishi in Medford , Oregon and was serviced in December 2016 with a new timing belt , front/rear diff service , spark plugs , oil , filters , fluids , power steering flush , and a brake flush . As the final year of the CT9A Lancer chassis , this example features factory-installed Recaro sport seats , Brembo brakes , and a Momo steering wheel . It is located in Las Vegas and is offered by the selling dealer with a clean Carfax and clear California title .
The finish shows no evidence of paintwork according to the seller . Enkei 17 ” alloy wheels came standard , while stopping power comes from stock Brembo brakes .
Deeply-bolstered Recaro sport seats were trimmed in leather with fabric and ultra-suede inserts .
A red-lettered instrument cluster features a center-mounted tach behind the Momo 3-spoke steering wheel . The stock AM/FM/CD stereo remains fitted .
The 4G63 2.0L turbocharged and intercooled inline-four features MIVEC variable intake valve timing . Initially rated at 286 horsepower and 289 lb-ft of torque , the Evo IX was capable of hitting 60 mph in under 4.5 seconds , with quarter mile times in the high 12 second range .
The clean Carfax shows the majority of the vehicle 's history in Oregon until 2016 . Service records are limited to the work completed by the seller . They are viewable in the gallery below and include the timing belt and 60k service .
Among the many historic ties Russia has with the newly returned Crimea is the role it played in the adoption of Christianity , President Vladimir Putin told young historians .
The meeting in Moscow was dedicated to professional challenges faced by Russian historians and the role they play in consolidating Russian society . One of the suggestions discussed was to write a comprehensive book on the history of the disputed Crimean peninsula as a contingency against possible attempts to diminish Russia 's role in it .
Putin said that historically “ there is not a single weakness for us there . Start with the fact that for Russians – and I mean the ethnically Russian part of our multinational people , the Christian Russian people – is a sacred place . In Crimea in Chersonesus Prince Vladimir [ Sviatoslavich the Great ] was baptized , and then he converted Russia . The original baptismal font of Russia is there . ”
The role that historians play in shaping a country 's perception of itself and its image abroad was the focus of the discussion . They are the ones responsible for providing facts and reasoning , when somebody wants to put a spin on historical events for some political gains today , Putin said .
“ Once we convince our people , the majority of the people , that our position is right , objective and just , that it helps the society , the nation and the people , we 'll have millions and millions of supporters , ” he said .
As complex as historical science is , there is a natural trend for different parties to interpret facts of the past in favor of ideas or institutions they like . This is especially true for more recent events and painful events , like the rise of Adolf Hitler in Germany and World War II that sealed the fate on his rule .
Putin argued that the dealings Moscow had with Hitler 's Berlin and its taking advantage of the rising tensions did not stand out against the background of other European nations ' actions .
“ Those were the methods of international politics . The Soviet Union signed a non-aggression pact with Germany . They say : that 's so bad . What 's bad if Soviet Union did n't want to go to war ? ” he said .
“ Knowing that the war was inevitable and expecting that it would happen , the Soviet Union absolutely needed time to modernize its army . Every month mattered . The number of ‘ Katyusha ' multiple rocket launchers or T-34 tanks in the Soviet Army was measured in units , while it needed thousands of them , ” he added .
He added that Poland , which holds a grudge against Russia for sending troops simultaneously with Germany and partitioning Poland – a result of a secret protocol of the German-Soviet treaty that divided Eastern Europe into spheres of influence – should recall how Warsaw previously profited from Nazi aggression .
“ They accuse Soviet Union of dividing Poland . Well , what did Poland do when the Germans entered Czechoslovakia ? It took part of Czechoslovakia . That 's what it did . And then they got a hockey puck in their own goal , ” Putin said .
He also recalled the infamous comments by then-British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain , who promised “ peace for our time ” to Britons after signing the Munich Agreement , a deal under which Germany , Italy , France and Britain agreed that the Nazis would attack Czechoslovakia with impunity .
The historians and Putin also discussed the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 , the anniversary of which was marked Friday November 7 ( October 25 under the old , Tsarist-era calendar ) , and the subsequent civil war in Russia . The Russian president said the Bolsheviks ' propaganda – part of an exhibition he visited prior to the meeting – was better than that of their rivals , but in fact they “ conned society . ”
“ You know [ the Bolshevik slogans ] yourselves . Land to the peasants , factories to the workers , peace to the people . They did n't bring peace , because the civil war started , and they took the factories and land , nationalized them , so it was a pure 100 percent con , ” Putin said . “ But at least they did it with elegance . ”
The German leagues paused for the international matches . What 's the usual type of test matches teams are doing ? Yes , against some lower league teams to try some players who did n't get much time on the field so far , maybe an alternative system and to build up some confidence .
Not Fortuna Düsseldorf and VfL Bochum . They set up a friendly match for a good cause on saturday November 16th .
Despite all the rivalry between both teams , being direct opponents in the same league , and being only one position apart in the table , they decided to make this match happen for the Nordrhein-Westfalen region . After Opel and Nokia , which already released a lot of employes in Bochum and the surrounding area , the Finnish steel producer Outokumpu is now releasing 1000 employees in Düsseldorf and Bochum .
This caused the Bochum officials to go ahead and approach Fortuna to set up the charity match . Düsseldorf 's officials and coach Mike Büskens , who has been living in the area for twenty-one years now , were immediately delighted to participate . The early bird tickets sold really well . About 1000 Düsseldorf were expected . Even the employee organizations of Opel and Outokumpu bought 1500 tickets to support . The whole net income will be used for a good cause . In the end , a total of 3,548 people attended the match .
What was expected from the match from the sportive perspective ?
Of course the match still had a test match character , so a lot of first-team players got minutes . On Bochum 's side it was especially good to see Felix Bastians and Heiko Butscher get some match practice after their injuries . Düsseldorf coach Mike Büskens said he wanted to give every available player minutes to play . For Düsseldorf there were four players on international duty : Aristide Bancé ( Burkina Faso ) , Mathis Bolly ( Ivory Coast ) , Giannis Gianniotas ( Greece ) and Cristian Ramírez ( Ecuador ) all missed out as they had the honor to play for their national teams . Piotr Ćwielong ( Poland ) , Adnan Zahirović ( Bosnia-Herzegovina ) and Fabian Holthaus ( Germany U19 ) were the three Bochum players on international duty .
So lets wrap this up . Two good teams played in a nice atmosphere , with sunshine for a good cause . The final result , perhaps the most irrelevant point in the evening , was a 2-1 victory for Düsseldorf with two goals by Ben Halloran in each half sandwiching a first-half effort by Bochum 's Mirkan Aydın . Football heart what can you ask more for in the international match pause ?
WASHINGTON - Just a couple of weeks ago , the smart money was saying Ohio 's time as one of the most important states in the presidential election was passing . Too white , not many Hispanics and nowhere near enough college graduates , they said . While Republican Donald Trump 's populist message resonated with working-class whites , Democrat Hillary Clinton had little chance to connect with voters in the state .
WASHINGTON - Just a couple of weeks ago , the smart money was saying Ohio 's time as one of the most important states in the presidential election was passing .
Too white , not many Hispanics and nowhere near enough college graduates , they said . While Republican Donald Trump 's populist message resonated with working-class whites , Democrat Hillary Clinton had little chance to connect with voters in the state .
With early voting starting today , it could prove to be a premature eulogy for a state that has sided with every presidential winner since 1964 . Democrats have carried Ohio in four of the past six presidential elections , and just four years ago President Barack Obama won Ohio with 50.7 percent of the vote , which virtually mirrored the 51.1 percent he won nationally .
The arguments
With the number of competitive states across the country dwindling to just a handful , Ohio remains among those both parties can win , and one without which not one Republican has been able to win the presidency . Ohio has backed the winner in every election from 1900 on , except for 1944 and 1960 , the best record in the country .
`` If Hillary Clinton wins Ohio , it 's over for Trump , '' said Kyle Kondik , an analyst for the University of Virginia Center for Politics and author of `` Bellwether : Why Ohio Picks the President . ''
David Leland , former chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party , said the state is `` a bellwether in the sense ( that ) if it goes Democrat , a Republican ca n't win . Whether it is reflective demographically of the United States , I do n't know . You can not put 270 electoral votes on the table without winning Ohio if you are a Republican . ''
Yet some argue that Virginia , North Carolina and Florida have eclipsed Ohio in importance . Because Ohio 's population is static and its number of electoral votes has dropped to 18 , a Democratic candidate should focus on the rapidly growing Middle Atlantic region , they say .
`` Ohio is clearly not going to be the decisive state in the Electoral College this time , '' said David Wasserman , an analyst with the nonpartisan Cook Political Report in Washington . `` There 's no reason for Clinton to spend money in the state other than for cosmetic purposes .
`` Frankly , she 's got a better chance of winning North Carolina , '' said Wasserman , adding that other , more-competitive states have `` attracted a knowledge-based workforce , they 've attracted a large nonwhite population . Ohio has become more diverse and has more college-educated voters over time , but at a much lower rate than the other states . ''
Mark Caleb Smith , director of the Center for Political Studies at Cedarville University , said `` just on a pure numerical level , Ohio - unless something changes - is probably going to continue to decline just in sheer importance . ''
`` It 's becoming a little less diverse over time , '' Smith said . `` If you look at the pure statistical levels , it 's looking a little bit less and less like America , especially when you compare it to 10 or 20 years ago . ''
And still others say that it 's the candidates , not the state , that has thrown Ohio into turmoil . Trump is appealing to blue-collar workers who might normally vote for a Democrat while Clinton resonates with well-educated suburban women , a group that traditionally has leaned Republican .
`` Democrats who vote for Donald Trump may not vote for a Republican in the next election , depending on whom the candidate is , '' said Mike Dawson , creator of Ohio Election Results.com , a political website .
The numbers
Demographics in Florida , Virginia , North Carolina , Colorado and New Mexico have changed more rapidly than in Ohio . According to the Census Bureau , 25.6 percent of Ohio residents last year had a college degree compared with 29 percent for the country as a whole .
Ohio 's Hispanic population is just 3.6 percent compared with the national figure of 17.6 , and the state 's median household income of $ 48,849 is almost $ 5,000 shy of the national average , $ 53,482 a year .
In addition , Ohio 's image as a collection of blue-collar workers is outdated . In 1995 , the state 's two largest employers were General Motors and Ford , while today they are the Cleveland Clinic and Wal-Mart . Nine of the state 's 25 largest employers are in health care .
The history
Those who dismiss Ohio 's importance as a swing state tend to ignore two key factors . While Ohio is a marginally Republican state , Democratic Presidents Barack Obama , Bill Clinton , Lyndon Johnson and Jimmy Carter have won it .
In addition , the shrinking number of competitive states makes Ohio crucial for both parties . In the 1960 presidential race between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon , 26 states - including Ohio - were decided by six points or fewer . That compares with just nine in 2012 , including Ohio .
Kennedy , who ferociously competed in Ohio , was stunned at losing the state .
Democrats who have downplayed Ohio , such as Al Gore in 2000 , rued that decision . During the Democratic convention in Los Angeles , a key national Democrat warned Leland `` we 're not even sure we 're going to play in Ohio . ''
Leland was flabbergasted , insisting Gore could win Ohio . But within a couple of months , Gore abandoned Ohio in favor of Tennessee . Gore 's narrow loss to Republican George W. Bush in Ohio helped cost him the election .
No Democratic nominee has made that mistake since . Clinton has energetically competed in the state , deploying what Leland said is `` the best field organization I have ever seen in the state of Ohio . '' Paul Beck , professor emeritus of political science at Ohio State University , said that effort could add `` 1 to 3 percent for Clinton '' in the state .
Clinton and her allies had spent $ 31.8 million on commercials in Ohio through last week , more than in any other state except Florida .
The day after Sunday 's second presidential debate in St. Louis , Clinton campaigned at Ohio State University , where she drew the biggest crowd of her campaign . Obama is scheduled to campaign Thursday in Columbus and Friday in Cleveland . Bill Clinton conducted a two-day bus tour last week in southern and eastern Ohio . And the latest polls show Clinton leading Trump in Ohio .
`` She should n't give up on it now , '' said Mary Anne Sharkey , a political consultant in Cleveland who has worked for both parties . `` We did n't have a President Gore , did we ? ''
jwehrman @ dispatch.com
@ jessicawehrman
jtorry @ dispatch.com
@ jacktorry1
Protesters and journalists had gathered in Manger Square in an anticipation of a possible visit to the church , believed to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ , as former US heads of state have traditionally visited the site during trips to the city .
However , after a short meeting with Abbas at the presidential palace in southern Bethlehem , and two press conferences delivered by the two , Trump promptly returned to Jerusalem , where he is expected to visit the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial and the Israel Museum , concluding his two-day visit to Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory before departing for the Vatican .
On Monday , Trump visited the Church of the Holy Sepulcher and the Western Wall in occupied East Jerusalem .
Trump 's arrival to the territory coincided with a mass hunger strike launched by more than 1,300 Palestinians prisoners in Israeli jails in protest of their conditions , which entered its 37th day on Tuesday .
Solidarity demonstrations centered around sit-in tents across the occupied Palestinian territory , which have been organized daily since the strike began , developed into fierce anti-Trump rallies during the presidential visit . At least 20 Palestinians were shot and injured during rallies that were violently suppressed by Israeli forces on Monday , and Palestinians have also called for further confrontations on Tuesday for a `` Day of Rage . ''
Activists at the sit-in tent in Manger square established the effigy ahead of Trump 's visit , to symbolize a Palestinian prisoner wearing an Israel Prison Service ( IPS ) uniform inside of cage .
Protesters shouted slogans in Arabic , saying “ Trump , listen ! The prisoners will not kneel ! ” and “ We have a message to the Americans : Prisoners are our priority . ”
One activist took the mic at the sit-in on Saturday night , saying : “ We came to tell you that the one who decides the fate of Palestinian people are the Palestinian refugee camps and not the Americans , the cause of the camps is the cause of all Palestinians . ”
“ The fate of Jerusalem ca n't be decided by Trump , for Jerusalem is Arab ; Jerusalem is Palestinian , and we decide its fate , not the Americans . The only ones who supported Palestinian people are the heroic prisoners , they are strugglers , fighting with only their bodies , ” the man said .
Unconfirmed reports that circulated Monday night suggested the effigy and the demonstration would be a deterrent for a possible visit to the church by the Trumps , though the itinerary of Trump 's visit has been marred by chaotic planning , last minute changes , and controversy from the start .
Secretary-General of the Fatah movement in Bethlehem Muhammad al-Masri denied rumors that Palestinian security were planning to remove the sit-in tent or deny activists access to the area during the visit , he told Ma'an .
Anti-Trump protests had also erupted across the occupied Palestinian territory after he was instated as president in January , denouncing the leader as divisive and racist .
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Palestinian activists set up an effigy representing Palestinian prisoners in front of the Nativity Church in Bethlehem on Tuesday , as US President Donald Trump arrived to the occupied West Bank city for a brief meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Yesterday the Supreme Court heard oral argument in Patchak v. Zinke , in which the justices considered the separation-of-powers limits on Congress ' ability to direct the outcome of litigation . Ronald Mann analyzes the argument for this blog . At the Associated Press , Jessica Gresko reports that the “ justices had tough questions Tuesday for a lawyer representing a Michigan man suing over a Native American tribe 's casino , with justices seeming to suggest that Congress acted properly when it shut down the lawsuit. ” Additional coverage comes from Todd Ruger at Roll Call and Andrew Westney at Law360 ( subscription required ) . Subscript offers a graphic explainer for the case . At The Narrowest Grounds , Asher Steinberg wonders why the justices would “ go to the trouble of invalidating a phrase in a statute that has no real legal consequence . ”
At Courthouse News Service , Barbara Leonard reports on Monday 's summary reversal in Dunn v. Madison , in which “ [ t ] he Supreme Court cleared the way … for Alabama to execute a man whose stroke side effects have scrubbed his memory of having killed a police officer decades ago. ” At The Economist 's Democracy in America blog , Steven Mazie suggests that “ ratifying Alabama 's decision to put a very sick man with large gaps in his memory to death effectively , if not formally , puts the Supreme Court on one side—arguably the wrong one—of a philosophical debate over personal identity and punishment . ”
On Monday the Supreme Court heard oral argument in Merit Management Group v. FTI Consulting , which asks when a bankruptcy trustee can unwind transactions made by or to a financial institution . Ronald Mann has this blog 's argument analysis .
Briefly :
At Constitution Daily , Lyle Denniston reports on a Pennsylvania partisan-gerrymandering case in which Justice Samuel Alito last week denied a stay application by the Republican state legislators “ without asking the challengers for their views on the postponement request , ” noting that “ [ t ] he lawmakers also have pending a formal appeal from the three-judge court 's denial of their request for a postponement , but the full Supreme Court will not act on that plea until several weeks from now . ”
We rely on our readers to send us links for our round-up . If you have or know of a recent ( published in the last two or three days ) article , post , podcast , or op-ed relating to the Supreme Court that you 'd like us to consider for inclusion in the round-up , please send it to roundup [ at ] scotusblog.com . Thank you !
Recommended Citation : Edith Roberts , Wednesday round-up , SCOTUSblog ( Nov. 8 , 2017 , 6:53 AM ) , https : //www.scotusblog.com/2017/11/wednesday-round-up-396/
Central Ohio Kroger stores have in hand 25 bottles of Samuel Adams ' Utopias , a beer that is 28 percent alcohol by volume and has been aged for 22 years , and will hold a lottery for the chance to buy the rare , $ 189 brew .
Central Ohio Kroger stores have in hand 25 bottles of Samuel Adams ' Utopias , a beer that is 28 percent alcohol by volume and has been aged for 22 years , and will hold a lottery for the chance to buy the rare , $ 189 brew .
Utopia has never been sold in Ohio before because of the state 's long-time ban on beers above 12 percent alcohol by volume . That cap was lifted earlier this year .
Utopias was first released in 2002 and is sold in very small quantities . The beer ages for 22 years in wooden barrels and is not carbonated . It reportedly tastes more like a port or sherry wine than a beer and is best at room temperature . The bottles are 24 ounces in size .
Utopias is hardly the most expensive beer made , although it likely is the most expensive available in Ohio at this time .
BrewDog may challenge that next year .
The Scottish craft brewer , which is building a brewery and headquarters in Canal Winchester , makes a Belgian ale called The End of History that is 55 percent alcohol by volume and comes packed in a stuffed squirrel .
BrewDog plans to make the beer here early next year to celebrate completion of the $ 30 million project , although only folks who invested more than $ 20,000 in BrewDog 's crowdfunding scheme , Equity for Punks , will get their hands on an 11-ounce bottle valued at $ 750 apiece .
The Utopias raffle will run through Dec. 10 at 21 area Kroger stores . Winners of the raffle will be selected Dec. 10 at 5 p.m. and will have 48 hours to purchase the beer .
The stores where customers can enter the raffle are :
7625 Sawmill Rd. , Dublin
2525 Hilliard-Rome Rd. , Hilliard
919 E. State St. , Athens
300 S. Hamilton Rd. , Columbus
801 N. Houk Rd. , Delaware
7100 Hospital Dr. , Dublin
60 Worthington Mall , Worthington
7345 State Route 3 , Westerville
6417 Columbus Pike , Lewis Center
1045 Hill Rd . North , Pickerington
1375 Chambers Rd. , Columbus
150 W. Sycamore St. , Columbus
1177 Polaris Pkwy. , Columbus
3975 Powell Rd. , Powell
55 W. Schrock Rd. , Westerville
1500 Lexington Ave. , Mansfield
5991 Sunbury Rd. , Westerville
199 Graceland Blvd. , Columbus
1501 W. 5th Ave. , Marysville
1155 N. 21st St. , Newark
5161 Hampsted Village Center Way , New Albany
After finally getting a good night 's sleep the team here at Roberts Space Industries would all like to thank you for helping us make history .
It 's gratifying to see Star Citizen mentioned across the gaming and mainstream media ; how its broken records , how it shows that people still believe in PC games , how they want to play a space sim , how it is another nail in the coffin of the traditional publisher model .
We hope that you will feel the same way . Even though a lot of press and commentators are praising our skill in running a campaign , the secret sauce that really made Star Citizen happen was YOUR dedication . Your belief in this game energized us as the days got long . Your desire to play kept us going as we faced technical issues and growing mountains of work to do . The community YOU built made sure WE stayed believers . You made this game your own ; big publishers may someday look back at this as the beginning of the end , a day when the players took over the development process and made it their own . So from all of us at RSI : good work , Citizens !
The Pledge
You 've spent the last month pledging for the Star Citizen project with your money , your time and your trust .
We 've created “ The Pledge ” , a founding document to let you know the standards to which we intend to keep ourselves to and how we will keep you informed and involved in the process over the next two years . You can access The Pledge here .
Grace Period
RSI
RSI
In the aftermath of some ofit 's become clear that there 's a sizable number of people that were unable to pledge , or adjust their pledges due to the difficulties with thesite . Many people tried repeatedly over the weekend , only for the site to crash at various points during the check out . Some people switched to Kickstarter , but there were also a large number of people that Kickstarter was n't an option and so they have been left high and dry . The focus of our campaign was , from day one , involving the fans and trying to give them as many options to support us as possible . The last thing we want to do is punish any of you , and so we have decided to adapt our plans and offer a grace period for all current members of thecommunity .
If you have a membership , regardless of whether you have previously purchased a tier , you will be able to pledge at the current prices through this weekend . We will keep the limited add-on ships available through that time for everyone who tried to purchase one but was n't able . Everything will switch to the new pricing structure on Monday November 26th
Billing and Customer Service Issues
RSI
Over the last 72 hours almost 40,000 new members joined our community and combined with thesite going down , sometimes in the middle of someone 's transaction there are quite a few billing issues to resolve . We apologize for any inconveniences , and we just wanted to let you know that our customer support staff is working around the clock to resolve any issues . As there is such a high volume it will take at least a couple of days to work through the backlog of emails and intercom ( our customer support software ) messages .
If you have any issues you would like resolved which you have not previously notified us via billing @ cloudimperiumgames.com or info @ cloudimperiumgames.com please email sandi @ cloudimperiumgames.com . We 're dedicated to resolving any issues , so do n't worry , we will get to you and will do our best to fix any problem . We ask for you to please be patient . We 're a very small company , and while we 're staffing up to take care of our growing customer base , we only have two very overworked people dealing with fixing account issues – Cindy Armstrong , our CFO and Sandi Gardiner , our VP of Marketing .
Moving Forward
Look for updates from us in the very near future as we go about transitioning the site back to being focused on our community and telling the story of development .
For those of our backers in the USA we wish you a warm Thanksgiving holiday for later this week .
The biggest “ Thank you ” possible !
RSI
Chris Roberts and theteam .
Getty Images The last time U.S. jobless claims were as low as they are now was in 1973 .
The numbers : Initial jobless claims , a way to measure layoffs , sank by 22,000 to 222,000 in the week ended Oct. 14 . That 's the lowest figure since March 1973 and well below the 244,000 MarketWatch forecast .
The more stable monthly average of claims declined by 9,500 to 248,250 , though it remains somewhat elevated because of the recent hurricanes .
The number of people already collecting unemployment benefits , known as continuing claims , decreased by 16,000 to 1.89 million , the Labor Department said . That 's also a 44-year low .
What happened : New claims for benefits have fallen sharply after a spike last month tied to hurricanes Harvey and Irma , whose disruptions temporarily put many people out of work . Claims are now essentially back to normal in Texas and Florida .
One caveat : Initial claims in Puerto Rico still appear to be artificially low because of major power outages that have made it hard for workers to file applications . Yet even if power were fully restored , the level of claims on the island territory would n't rise enough to alter the broader trends .
Big picture : The U.S. labor market is the strongest in at least a decade in a half , reflecting a sturdy economic expansion now in its ninth year .
The 4.2 % unemployment rate is the lowest since 2000 , and the biggest complaint among business leaders is a shortage of skilled workers to fill a record number of job openings .
What they are saying ? : “ There can be little doubt that the labor market is robust , ” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist of Amherst Pierpont Securities .
Read : Fed 's Beige Book still ca n't find inflation threat , despite labor bottlenecks
Market reaction : The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.13 % fell in Thursday trades , a day after the index closed above 23,000 for the first time . The S & P 500 SPX , -0.08 % also fell .
Recently I was interviewed by Aschwin de Wolf from the website Against Politics about my new book Beyond Democracy . It explains why democracy is an immoral and impoverishing political system which leads to social conflict , runaway spending , and a tyrannical government .
1 . What specifically motivated you to write this book ?
As far as Karel , my co-author , and I knew there was no easy to read , structured , and concise book showing the inherent weaknesses and dynamics of democracy from a freedom loving perspective . Of course many libertarians have written on the subject and we are indebted to them , especially Hans-Hermann Hoppe 's Democracy , The God That Failed . But Hoppe 's book is a collection of academic essays and touches on things we do n't and vice versa . Our book is for the average person but I also think seasoned libertarians can learn lots from it .
Many people still believe democracy equals freedom . And many libertarians still believe the proper road to more freedom is through the democratic process . Many non-libertarians are convinced democracy needs fixing but find no problem with the fundamental democratic principles themselves . Our book refutes those notions . Democracy is the opposite of freedom , almost inherent to the democratic process is that it tends towards less liberty instead of more , and democracy is not something to be fixed . Democracy is inherently broken , just like socialism . The only way to fix it is to break it up . You could n't fix socialism by replacing Lenin for Trotsky or the Russians for Cubans . And you ca n't fix democracy by legally restricting payments to presidential candidates , by barring felons from voting , changing the voting age , or replacing Bush Jr. with Obama , et cetera .
Another reason for the book is that writing structures your thoughts and thereby brings you to new ones . While writing we came upon new insights that we of course included in the book . Fifteen years ago I was an ignorant proponent of democracy , ten years ago I thought it had serious drawbacks , and after writing the book I think it 's much worse than that .
To be clear , we do n't want to withhold democracy from people and we do n't begrudge others a democracy . Also , we do n't claim that democracy is worse or better than dictatorship and neither that the problems we describe in the book are exclusive of democracy .
2 . The first myth about democracy that you seek to debunk is the idea that voting in an election empowers the individual . But even many libertarians vote . How do you explain this ?
There are several reasons I think . First , as a libertarian , you want to advance liberty and voting seems a way to do it . Although I generally consider voting immoral , voting for the least bad option can be a good thing . Note that generally such a vote is rather impossible to cast since many self-declared freedom loving candidates end up robbing you of liberty too when in power . As the late Harry Browne has pointed out , voting for the least bad party can be counterproductive since they know freedom loving people have no other option than to vote for them and therefore these parties have little incentive to improve their political goals towards more liberty .
Secondly , even when your libertarian-leaning candidate seems totally unlikely to rise to power or to have any significant political influence , getting him or her in a parliamentary seat will provide a serious stage to gain media coverage . Ron Paul certainly achieved that and through his candidacies many people were confronted with libertarian ideas , or at least with the term libertarian . I am a great fan of Ron Paul and if I were an American citizen I would probably vote for him , mostly symbolically , but such candidates are extremely rare . But still , spending hours , days or even months studying politics and finally casting your vote in the voting booth is a big investment for such an astronomically small influence .
Thirdly , many libertarians still see the democratic process as a way to gain more freedom . But this is a fallacy . The democratic process almost inevitably leads to less freedom .
3 . You claim that democracy is not politically neutral . What kind of political ideology is embodied in democracy ?
It 's clearly collectivism , the idea that we need to decide upon things collectively — note that this could really be anything — and the outcome of these processes need to be followed by everyone , also those who do n't favor it .
In a democracy every voter is inclined to collectivise his personal goals . And politicians want more power and money and collectivisation of society offers that . Civil servants , as the great economist Ludwig von Mises pointed out , tend to vote pro-state and this is a self-reinforcing mechanism . It leads to ever more people being dependent on the State and thereby favorable of it . The same applies to the welfare system into which ever more people are drawn . History has shown this . All democracies suffer from it .
A good way to look at politics is to view politicians and the State as human farmers and citizens as the livestock . The human farmers ( i.e . the Republican and Democratic Parties ) do indeed have opposing interests but not towards the livestock , as the latter seems to think . They both are in the business of exploiting citizens but disagree strongly on who should collect the billions or trillions in proceeds . Both Republicans and Democrats have greatly expanded taxes , expenditures , debts and government meddling in the lives of companies and individuals while both have regularly claimed to reduce government .
4 . You quote the American economist Walter Williams who observed that many people firmly resist democratic decision making in the areas they personally care about . Is advocacy of democracy a mass exercise of hypocrisy ?
I do not see it that way , whereby I define hypocrisy as u2018Rules for others , exceptions for myself . ' People have been given the idea that things need to be decided upon democratically , they do n't necessarily agree with the outcome but do agree with the process . And also , many things democratically decided upon seem free because the State will pay for it , and the State raises many taxes stealthily . So people are inclined to let the State run sectors like education , health care , social welfare , et cetera . It 's apparently free and individuals can conveniently delegate their personal responsibility .
Another reason is that people think they will belong to the majority and therefore want to decide democratically on certain matters .
It might not be hypocrisy but more like selfishness . Democracy is a system whereby one can legally exploit others , you just need the majority vote .
But there 's lots of hypocrisy I think when people vote . They vote for stuff like wars or Third World aid , but would never spend a dime on it personally . They are in favor of allowing asylum seekers and vote accordingly but would certainly not like to have them in their own neighbourhood .
5 . One of the arguments in favor of democracy is that it permits the `` peaceful transfer of political power . '' What do you make of this argument ?
This is indeed one of the few advantages of democracy , in that way mankind has grown and rulers , like during the Roman empire , are rarely killed any more during a power change . Also no wars are fought over it . But it is a peaceful transfer of tyranny . Democracy is like a war against the minority , and actually against the people itself since many things happen in a democracy that very few citizens want , but special interest groups do .
The business model we propose in the book , a market for governance , will very likely also result in a peaceful transfer of power , without minorities being oppressed . Corporations normally do n't change power through killing the CEO and some members of the Board of Directors .
6 . In your book you also identify the growing centralization of power as problematic . Do you think political democracy and centralization are related ?
Yes I do . Like I explained earlier , democracy leads to everyone trying to collectivise personal goals , thereby centralizing power .
In a free market companies have a tendency to form cartels and monopolies since they aim for profit maximization . But this hardly poses a problem since every individual has the right to start competing businesses and challenge the cartels . This essential safety valve lacks in governance , resulting in continuously growing governments .
7 . Are you just seeking to change people 's minds or do you think there are successful strategies to limit the power of democratic governments ?
Ideas generally come before actions so these have to change first . Von Mises once said that ideas are more powerful than armies and I think truth will always win in the long run , so I am optimistic . But it 's very hard because democracy is the largest faith on earth , only eleven countries in the world do not claim to be democracies , and these ideas are so ingrained in people 's minds , even freedom loving individuals .
I know not of successful strategies for limiting government power except by escaping government through secession or by citizens or corporations moving to other countries .
The problems of democracy are inherent . It 's like having dinner with a million people and deciding up front the bill will be split evenly . Everyone has a strong incentive to order more than he would individually , resulting in a huge bill that everyone deplores but no individual could do anything about . Democracy therefore has a very limited self-cleansing capability . Our politicians have a natural short-term outlook since they are only temporarily in office . They will overspend , overtax and overborrow knowing their successors will have to deal with the negative consequences . Besides that , they spend other people 's money anyhow .
Reprinted with permission from AgainstPolitics.com .
The Best of Frank Karsten
Vanderpump Rules ' Jax Taylor Surveillance Video Watch Him Steal Sunglasses
Vanderpump Rules ' Jax Taylor -- Surveillance Video ... Watch Him Steal Sunglasses
EXCLUSIVE
Jax Taylor is a cooked goose in his felony theft case ... at least that 's the way it appears from surveillance video in the store .
TMZ obtained the video , which precisely shows Jax doing his handiwork at Freaky Tiki Tropical Optical in Honolulu . It 's clear as can be ... he grabs a pair of Polaris shades , meanders a bit ... then books it out of the store .
We broke the story ... Jax was arrested Friday at a hotel a block away and taken to jail . It 's a felony because the shades are worth more than $ 300 , the minimum in Hawaii for charging someone with felony theft .
Thanks for a successful campaign ! If you missed out on getting your Loki please visit our website https : //www.lokiproducts.com
Loki is the premier smart WiFi meat thermometer designed to help track your main course to a perfect finish , while you enjoy the party or game across town !
Whether you 're cooking a turkey in the oven , steak on the grill , or brisket in the smoker , Loki lets you set it and forget it .
Loki monitors , tracks and records your meat 's cooking progress and sends notifications to the Loki app on your iOS or Android mobile device when your meat is ready . Run out of fuel in your grill ? Need a suggestion for cook times , temps or recipes ? Loki knows , and so will you !
Now for the best part ! You can receive Loki notifications anywhere your mobile device is connected . So go to work , to the gym , or out with friends , confident that the status of your masterpiece meal is at your fingertips .
What other meat thermometer does all that ? Exactly ... that 's why we call Loki the most advanced meat thermometer on the planet .
Try the beta app now on iOS & Android !
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Loki has been in development and testing for the last year and a half . We have visited all of our suppliers and already started preparing for mass production by placing orders . We have exceptional working relationships with our CMs , toolers , plastics , sheet metal , and cable suppliers . Many of our distributors and suppliers have been building our team 's products for over 10 years .
Loki hardware has been completed and is ready for mass production ( MP ) . We have completed multiple prototypes , Design Validation ( DV ) and Production Validation ( PV ) hardware . Testing and validation have been conducted with the pilot PV hardware for the last couple of months confirming the hardware matches our DV builds in quality and function . PV is also used to refine the production process and functional test procedure before Mass Production ( MP ) . With your support we will be able to kick off mass production .
Hardware is complete and has been FCC and CE approved . We have validated our production hardware and started material procurement for our production build .
We just finished our design for manufacturing on the Loki chassis . We have worked with our tooler and plastic supplier to optimize the tool for fit and finish . Once we are funded we will kick off hard tooling .
The Loki probe is a unique design that provides highly accurate readings for both ambient and meat temperatures . Hard tooling for the probe has already started and we 've been testing DV samples for several months .
Photo : James ( pictured right ) visiting our plastics and sheet metal supplier Eddie . We were there to review chassis samples and tooling design for manufacturing . Eddie loves new projects and always dives in and has great suggestions and ideas for challenging designs .
James at one of our probe suppliers . The dual K-type thermocouple wire is custom made to our specification at this location in 1300ft spools . The cables are cut to length and placed inside the stainless steel housing before it goes through a 1 hour temperature test chamber .
Pictures of the contract manufacturing facility where the Loki hardware is assembled .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Based in the Seattle area , Loki Products is a family owned and operated company born out of our large weekly gatherings around the dinner table to share a delicious meal with family and friends .
We are a family of engineers , marketers , creatives and amateur chefs who love food . Our conversations naturally turned to brainstorming an easier , more convenient way to keep an eye on the progress of our favorite slow cooked meats . We wanted to spend more time visiting with each other , instead of babysitting the oven , smoker or grill .
The result is Loki , The Smart WiFi Meat Thermometer .
Loki Products is the newest member of our family 's successful wireless communication and device ventures . Loki is the twelfth consumer electronics product brought to market by the same development team behind Loki Products . All of our designs are developed 100 % in-house . We are a fully integrated company who takes `` back of the napkin '' concepts and develops every step from industrial/mechanical , electronics , software , production , and retail fulfillment to deliver high quality technology solutions for today 's lifestyle .
Thank you for your interest in Loki !
Square Enix has broadened their non-video game licenses to include the Marvel Universe , by virtue of their Play Arts Kai Variants line . Variants reimagine characters with hyper-stylized designs . With their DC , Square Enix used Variants to extend their DC lines beyond the movie and Arkham lines they already had in place . Marvel Variants , in contrast , allows Square Enix to skirt the edges of existing comic book or movie licenses that may belong to other licensees .
The Marvel Variants line begins with Spider-Man , Iron Man , and Thor , and Square Enix also teased an upcoming Venom in silhouette . With prices creeping up , the DC Variants are now in the $ 95 and up range from $ 60 – 70 a couple of years ago . If Marvel comes in at these prices , what 's your interest in the new line ?
Oakland Strangers ' Plot full of mysteries OAKLAND Hundreds of unknown lie in field at Mountain View Cemetery entrance
Gaye Lenahan , a docent at the Mountain View Cemetery walks through the `` Stranger 's Plot '' , which is the Bay Areas ' own Potter 's Field , December 13 , 2010 , in Oakland , Calif . The sloping green field is where more than 500 poor people , criminals , suicides and infants were buried years ago . less Gaye Lenahan , a docent at the Mountain View Cemetery walks through the `` Stranger 's Plot '' , which is the Bay Areas ' own Potter 's Field , December 13 , 2010 , in Oakland , Calif . The sloping green field is where more ... more Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Oakland Strangers ' Plot full of mysteries 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Deep under a quiet field in Oakland lay 500 mysteries .
Maybe more than 500 . Even the number is a mystery .
`` At first I thought this was a place to run your dog , '' said Gaye Lenahan , a docent at Mountain View Cemetery . `` But there 's all these people buried in it . I thought , 'What is their story ? ' Turns out to be kind of a sad story . ''
The field is called Strangers ' Plot , a few peaceful acres of lawn and redwoods near the cemetery entrance . From 1863 , when the cemetery opened , until World War I , Alameda County sent the bodies of its poor , unknown , suicides and criminals to the Strangers ' Plot for burial .
Lenahan just published 15 years ' worth of research about Strangers ' Plot , but even in this age of DNA testing and technology , information is scarce .
The field bears no sign . Records are scant . The bodies were crammed in 2-foot-wide plots , with no markers or tombstones . On the cemetery map , the area is simply labeled `` S . ''
`` We know all about the rich and famous people buried here , '' said Lenahan , a retired paralegal from Piedmont . `` But these people are just ignored . They do n't fit the profile of a fancy cemetery . ''
Mountain View Cemetery is indeed one of the fancier places in the East Bay . Designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , the 226-acre expanse of oaks and rolling hills at the end of Piedmont Avenue in Oakland is on the National Register of Historic Places . Charles Crocker , Domingo Ghirardelli , Henry Durant , Henry J. Kaiser , Samuel Merritt and other founders of the West are buried on its leafy slopes .
Painful deaths
But Strangers ' Plot tells a different story of the West . Its inhabitants died of gunshot wounds , drowning , hanging and explosions , according to cemetery records . Twenty-two of the bodies were men killed in an 1880 dynamite blast at Fleming Point in Berkeley . Twelve were labeled simply , `` unknown bodies from 14th and Harrison . ''
Hundreds of the graves belong to infants . How or why their tiny bodies ended up in Strangers ' Plot , no one knows .
The lone tombstone in the field is for William Holmes Mabien , who killed himself on Christmas Eve 1871 , at age 68 . As a suicide , Mabien would have been prohibited from burial in the main cemetery .
`` But someone obviously cared enough for him to put up a stone , '' Lenahan said . `` All it says is , 'Rest in Peace . ' ``
Chinese interred
But perhaps the biggest mystery is the Chinese presence . Hundreds of the bodies are identified with Chinese surnames , cemetery records show .
At the time , Oakland had several thriving Chinatown neighborhoods , with a solid population of several thousand Chinese and Chinese Americans . They came to California for the Gold Rush , to work on the railroad , to open shops , become shrimp fishermen and work in the farm fields .
Most were single men who hoped to return to China or bring their families here eventually . But the Exclusion Act of 1882 banned Chinese immigration , stranding those who had already arrived .
Many of these men sent their earnings home and would have probably died alone , explaining why so many might have ended up in unmarked graves for the indigent .
The Exclusion Act also forced many Chinese families to lie about their birth and death records , which also confused matters relating to burials .
Difficult lives
`` It 's a very tangled , murky history , '' said Oakland author William Wong , who 's written extensively about Bay Area Chinese history . `` A lot of people relied on these tight-knit , insulated family organizations , which might explain why there are not many public records about who 's buried where . ''
Fran Toy , a minister who grew up in Oakland 's Chinatown , said prosperous Chinese families at the time would have brought the bodies of loved ones home to China for burial .
A few dozen body at Strangers ' Plot have been exhumed , most likely moved by families when money became available .
But the hundreds that remain , obviously , were not prosperous people .
`` It 's sad this happened , '' Toy said . `` These single men had pretty miserable lives . They lived in cramped little apartments , worked all the time , and then died alone . ''
Places like Strangers ' Plot still exist , but these days they 're all nondescript crypts shared by thousands of the indigent , or the waters of the bay . Bay Area county coroners handle hundreds of indigent remains a year , although thanks to modern technology almost no bodies are left unidentified .
`` It might take a while , but sooner or later , we always find the family , '' said Alameda County Sheriff 's Lt. Riddic Bowers , who works in the coroner 's office . `` And we keep the records forever , so if someone comes forward and says ' I want to retrieve Uncle Fred , ' we can give them Uncle Fred . ''
Counties spend about $ 500 per body on disposing the indigent . Some counties , such as Alameda , keep the cremains in a local crypt in perpetuity , while others , like San Francisco , eventually have the ashes scattered in the bay .
Ashes scattered in bay
Such was the fate last week of a 72-year-old Manteca woman who died with nothing - no money , no friends or family willing or able to claim her . San Joaquin County arranged with Bay Area Cremation and Funeral Service to sprinkle her ashes in the bay .
So on a foggy , chilly morning , the firm 's president , Clint Love , stood on the rear deck of a 46-foot power boat and gently poured the woman 's ashes , and the ashes for four other indigent , into the depths off Angel Island .
`` There 's a sense of freedom , '' said Love , who said the number of indigent cases his firm handles increased 18 percent last year . `` They are finally free . They 're very much at peace . ''
A Catholic priest read a short prayer and the boat 's captain recorded the exact longitude and latitude . The whole process took about three minutes .
No agency tracks indigent deaths , but the departed souls are hardly forgotten . Even a century later , their mysteries haunt historians .
Back at Mountain View Cemetery , docent Lenahan gazed across the quiet meadow and paraphrased the biblical reference to unmarked graves for the poor .
`` The potters ' field ... from which all that come ... the strangers , the friendless poor , '' she said . `` For the longest time I thought this was just a grassy hillside . But there are people here . ''
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , joined at left by Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Miss. , ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee , holds a news conference on Russian meddling in the U.S. election and other issues , at the Capitol in Washington , Thursday , June 29 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Senate on Thursday fixed a popular measure that would slap economic sanctions on Russia and Iran , yet a long-awaited House vote wo n't come until after Donald Trump meets for the first time as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin .
Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , the Republican chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , said the necessary repairs have been made to the legislation , a step the Senate approved by voice vote , and the next move is the House 's to make .
“ We 've done what we need to do , ” Corker said . “ The ball 's in their court . ”
The technical changes that had stalled the bill in the House came as Republicans dismissed Democratic complaints that the delay was at the behest of the Trump administration and intended to weaken the legislation . Tempers flared among lawmakers over the lull , with each side blaming the other as lawmakers were poised to leave Washington for their weeklong July 4th recess .
The legislation cleared the Senate two weeks ago with 98 votes , an overwhelming margin that suggested the bill would speed quickly through the House and to Trump 's desk . But the measure hit headwinds almost immediately . House Republican leaders said the bill ran afoul of a constitutional requirement that legislation involving revenue start in the House .
Envoys from both chambers huddled behind closed doors to resolve the dispute as the recess loomed . The problems were technical not substantive , lawmakers insisted , yet Democrats accused Republicans of slow-walking the bill .
Speaking to reporters early Thursday , House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , insisted the House was “ protecting the Constitution , ” not working behind the scenes on behalf of the White House .
“ They wrote the bill incorrectly so we have told the Senate you 've got to write it correctly to follow the Constitution , ” Ryan said .
The sanctions targeting Russia seek to punish Moscow for meddling in the 2016 election and for its aggressive actions in Ukraine and Syria .
“ I want to put the House on notice , ” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. “ If they water down the bill , weaken the sanctions , add loopholes to the legislation , they will find stiff resistance here in the Senate . ”
Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called for House Republican leaders to pass the bill immediately , before Trump and Putin meet at an international summit in Germany next week .
But Corker denounced the stance the Democrats had taken as “ silly ” and “ ridiculous. ” He said they were attempting to dictate how the House should act before the Senate made the required technical repairs to the sanctions bill .
The changes to the legislation “ should have been agreed to in about an hour , ” Corker said , adding that he hoped the delay “ does n't create mischief. ” Congress does n't return from the recess until the week of July 10 . He declined to be specific , suggesting that there are “ certainly pro-Russia folks ” and businesses that are opposed to stiffer sanctions and may use the intervening period to push for changes .
“ I 'm talking to Europeans on the phone , ” Corker said .
The energy-specific sanctions against Russia generated sharp criticism from Germany and Austria , which said the penalties could affect European businesses involved in piping in Russian natural gas .
In a joint statement , Austria 's Chancellor Christian Kern and Germany 's Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel cited a section of the sanctions bill that calls for the United States to continue to oppose the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that would pump Russian gas to Germany beneath the Baltic Sea .
In addition to hitting Russia and Iran with additional financial penalties , the bill would strengthen Congress ' authority over Russia sanctions policy . The bill would require a 30-day congressional review period if Trump attempts to ease or end penalties against Moscow .
The Senate bill imposes mandatory sanctions on people involved in Iran 's ballistic missile program and anyone who does business with them . The measure would apply terrorism sanctions to the country 's Revolutionary Guards and enforce an arms embargo .
Pelosi , D-Calif. , echoed Schumer 's concerns about substantive changes to the bill .
“ I always say what is it that the Russians have on Donald Trump , ” Pelosi said , “ that we have to pussy-foot around when it comes to sanctions on Russia . ”
Rep. Bill Pascrell of New Jersey , the top Democrat on the House Ways and Means trade subcommittee , said there should be no excuse for a delay of the sanctions legislation in the House .
“ When the leadership has wanted it to happen , I 've seen legislation move through these chambers so fast it would give you whiplash , ” he said .
___
AP Congressional Correspondent Erica Werner contributed to this report .
___
Contact Richard Lardner on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/rplardner
Best Answer : I never give out my telephone number on forms etc , for you will just get bothered by people who waste your time . If a phone number is mandatory , I usually , accidentally of course , change one digit .
Lockheed Martin is unacceptable . There is a good website with ideas of what youy can do about it to make it expensive for Lockheed Martin ( they rely on fast computer scanning of forms to make a profit - see link below ) . The 2nd & 3rd links below show what has been done in the UK ( this seemed to have gone viral )
Lockheed Martin is also the contractor for census work in the UK ( lots of protest ) and in Australia ( in August this year ) .
Source ( s ) : http : //home.primus.ca/~donrogers/cmo/mincoop/other_options.html
http : //www.peacenewslog.info/2011/03/how-to-fill-in-your-census-form-without-lockheed-martin-profiting-short-version/
http : //www.peacenewslog.info/2011/03/how-to-fill-in-your-census-form-without-lockheed-martin-profiting-long-version/
Anonymous · 8 years ago
0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Europe reacted in shock to the third attack on the continent in just over a week , after the black-clad gunman went on a shooting spree at a shopping centre on Friday evening before turning the gun on himself .
`` There is absolutely no link to the Islamic State , '' Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae said .
He said the assault was a `` classic act by a deranged person '' and described an individual `` obsessed '' with mass shootings .
He said German investigators saw an `` obvious link '' between Friday 's killings and Breivik 's massacre of 77 people in a bomb attack in Oslo and a shooting rampage on the nearby island of Utoya exactly five years earlier .
Most of the victims in Friday 's attack were foreigners .
Munich prosecutor Thomas Steinkraus-Koch said the 18-year-old German-Iranian student - named as David Ali Sonboly - had suffered depression , while media reports said he had undergone psychiatric treatment .
The teenager had 300 rounds in a rucksack when he targeted the busy Olympia shopping mall , just minutes away from the flat he shared with his family , according to authorities .
Tributes for victims
Grieving Munich residents laid roses and lit candles in memory of the victims , with one placard bearing the simple plea : `` Why ? ''
`` Bloodbath in Munich , '' was the headline on the best-selling Bild newspaper as Germany struggled to come to terms with the killings .
Among the nine killed were three Turks , three Kosovans and a Greek national , according to their foreign ministries .
Most of the casualties were young people aged 15 to 21 , with three women among the dead according to Munich police .
Sixteen people were wounded , three of them critically .
Chancellor Angela Merkel was to convene her security council on Saturday .
The attack sent Germany 's third largest city into lockdown as police launched a massive operation to track down what had initially been thought to be up to three assailants .
An amateur video posted on social media appeared to show a man in black walking away from a McDonald 's fast foot outlet in Munich while firing repeatedly with a handgun as people fled screaming .
A police patrol shot and wounded him but he managed to escape before police found the body of what they believed was the `` only shooter . ''
'Never heard of problems '
Sonboly is thought to be had been born in Germany to an Iranian father who worked as a taxi driver and a mother who worked at a department store .
Neighbour Delfye Dalbi , 40 , described him as `` a good person '' who `` helped , would share the newspapers '' .
`` Not once did I see him angry . I never heard of him having problems with the police or other neighbours , '' she said .
Survivors described terrifying scenes as shoppers rushed from the area , some carrying children in their arms .
`` We entered McDonald 's to eat ... then there was panic , and people ran out , '' one woman told Bavarian television .
Another video appeared to show the gunman on a car park roof in a heated exchange with a man on a nearby balcony .
`` I 'm German , I was born here , '' the assailant replied after the man fired off a volley of swear words , including an insulting term for foreigners .
Munich 's main train station was evacuated and metro and bus transport suspended for several hours while residents were ordered to stay inside , leaving the streets largely deserted .
'Europe stands united '
President Joachim Gauck said he was horrified by the `` murderous attack '' , while US President Barack Obama voiced staunch support for Washington 's close ally .
`` Our thoughts are with the victims , their families , and all German people .
Europe stands united , '' EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said .
Europe has been on high alert for terrorism after a string of attacks in neighbouring France and Belgium claimed by IS .
The attack came just four days after a 17-year-old asylum seeker went on a rampage with an axe and a knife on a train near Wuerzburg , also in Bavaria .
HAPPY EGG RELATED HOLIDAYOh damn , are n't they just adorable ? So adorable . Dangerously adorable . I was originally going to have Apathia looking at a smartphone while only wearing a bunny hear headband thing . OneOfTheseDaysLuna suggested that Apathia be inspecting the fabric of her costume so I just went with that.Smaller version : [ link ] Alternate version without the costumes : [ link ] You can download the SVG here : [ link ] If you create something using the SVG , please link back to this submission . That would be very nice of you . Maybe you could send me a message about your creation . I love hearing from you . You make me smile.Karma and Discentia designs by monkeyjay over on Reddit : [ link ] Apathia design by ~Gapmeister who took the idea from Hackey_Sack on reddit : [ link ] Share the Reddit love : [ link ]
( CNN ) When quadruple amputee and retired Marine Sgt . John Peck looks down at his new arms , he said , he 's overcome with gratitude -- and vows that he will not take them for granted .
Peck soon will be able to use his arms to open heavy doors with circular handles , shake the hands of others and feel fiancée Jessica Paker 's palm in his .
`` That truly is a precious gift , '' Peck said , with a cross around his neck and tears in his eyes , at a news conference at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston on Wednesday .
The 31-year-old wounded veteran underwent a bilateral arm transplant at the hospital in August . A donor 's two arms were surgically connected to Peck 's body near his elbows , which doctors say will allow him to eventually feel , grasp and hold in a way that prosthetics could n't .
`` Would I ever imagine being here ? No . I still to this day tell people about the arm transplant , and they say , 'Whoa , they can do that ? ' And I say , 'Yeah , they can do face , limbs , ' `` Peck said . `` People think it 's sci-fi . ''
A moment Peck will never forget
Peck 's life completely changed in 2010 . During his second tour of duty , he stepped on an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan , which triggered a blast that caused him to lose his arms and legs .
That was n't the first time Peck was injured . He 'd previously served a tour in Iraq , where he suffered a traumatic brain injury . He 's the recipient of two Purple Hearts
JUST WATCHED Boy celebrates one year since double hand transplant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boy celebrates one year since double hand transplant 01:52
After losing his limbs , Peck was equipped with prosthetic arms and a wheelchair . However , in 2014 , he was approved to undergo a double arm transplant , in which he would receive real arms from another young man -- a man who died .
`` I will love him every day and will respect his life and this gift until the day I die , '' Peck said during Wednesday 's conference , where he requested that an empty chair be placed next to him to represent and honor his donor .
JUST WATCHED Boy is first child to get double hand transplant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boy is first child to get double hand transplant 01:03
For Peck 's surgery , a team of 12 surgeons worked nearly 14 hours to complete the transplant . The date and time of the surgery was not disclosed in order to protect the privacy of the donor 's family , hospital officials said .
The procedure , which can be performed simultaneously on both arms , involved trimming the ends of the bones in Peck 's arms and equipping them with plates , which were then connected to the bones in the donor arms .
Next , the surgeons connected the arteries and veins in Peck 's arms to those in the donor 's . As Peck 's blood flowed into the donor arms , the donor hands turned pink , the doctors explained during the conference .
Once doctors repaired the muscles in Peck 's arms , connected his nerves to those in the donor arms and sewed the connecting skin closed , the transplantation was complete .
Peck then went into recovery .
'Every day , it 's a learning experience , and I love it '
Peck 's surgery was led by Dr. Simon Talbot , director of the upper extremity transplant program at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , and Dr. David Crandall , medical director of the Amputee Program at Spaulding Rehabilitation Network , where Peck has been undergoing outpatient recovery .
`` In physical therapy , John has been working on his core and shoulder strengthening , '' Crandall said Wednesday . `` John has been working on functional tasks of daily living including some self-dressing , grooming and teeth brushing . ''
But it will take about nine to 12 months for Peck to feel sensations , Talbot said .
`` We 've had patients who get their sensations back , and it comes back quite suddenly in the palm of the hand . Most patients say , 'One day I could suddenly feel a raindrop on my hand ' or 'the pages of a book I 'm turning , ' `` Talbot said . However , in some cases , sensation might fail to return .
Jeff Kepner , now 64 , was the first patient to receive a double hand transplant in the United States , in 2009 . One year after his surgery , he was still taking 50 pills a day and completing six hours of therapy every weekday to regain some function of his new hands .
`` Unfortunately , things have not worked out as he had hoped , '' Kepner 's family wrote on a GoFundMe page that was set up for his medical expenses .
However , Peck is hopeful for his future . The resident of Fredericksburg , Virginia , was the fourth bilateral transplant performed at Brigham and Women 's Hospital .
`` The pain has been tremendous at first . There was one night in the ICU , I believe it was the first night , that I had a bad night , and I wanted to call Dr. Talbot and tell him to come re-amputate my arms . It was a moment of weakness , '' Peck said of his recovery .
But now , `` I 'm learning how to transfer in and out of bed . I 'm making really good milestones pretty fast , '' he said . `` Every day , it 's a learning experience , and I love it . ''
Chasing a culinary dream
Peck said he plans to pursue a culinary career and compete in the television series `` Food Network Star `` with his new arms , of which the upper left shows remnants of an old tattoo .
`` My dream job since I was 12 was to be a chef , and because of my donor 's gift , I actually have a fighting chance to do this , '' Peck said . `` As a result of this surgery , I 'll be able to pursue my dreams . ''
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
Peck added that , for now , he has to be careful in the kitchen . Any injury , such as a cut or burn , could be devastating for his recovery .
`` Last night , we were making shrimp and chorizo , and I was watching the pan to make sure we did n't burn anything , and I had to make sure my arm was away from the pan to make sure any oil or anything like that did n't get on it . ... I do n't want to get any scarring or any cuts or anything like that . It takes extra thought , '' Peck said .
He looked down at his arms and added , `` This gift , it 's not going to go to waste at all . ''
A Xerox contractor installs a new red light camera at the corner of Clark Street and Irving Park Road . View Full Caption The Expired Meter
EDISON PARK— Two red-light cameras in the 41st Ward are set to be removed , Ald . Anthony Napolitano ( 41st ) announced Wednesday .
The camera at Touhy and Osceola avenues in Edison Park and the eye-in-the-sky at Harlem Avenue and Northwest Highway are set to be removed by the Chicago Department of Transportation , Napolitano said in a statement .
Before the cameras are removed , city officials will hold a hearing at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Olympia Park Fieldhouse , 6656 N. Avondale Ave .
City transportation officials will discuss the criteria for removing the cameras that issue $ 100 fines and answer questions about the department 's traffic safety programs , officials said .
Ald . Margaret Laurino ( 39th ) announced a few weeks ago that two cameras in her ward would be removed .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced the cameras would be removed in March , at the height of the mayoral and aldermanic elections .
The camera at Touhy and Osceola avenues is directly outside St. Juliana School in Edison Park , and both Napolitano and former Ald . Mary O'Connor ( 41st ) said the parents of students and nearby residents should be consulted before it is removed .
A Chicago Sun-Times investigation found the controversial cameras had raked in $ 284.9 million in fines citywide since Mayor Rahm Emanuel took office .
The camera at Touhy and Osceola avenues generated $ 427,630 in fines after issuing 4,462 tickets from 2011 through July , according to information obtained by the newspaper .
The camera at Northwest Highway and Harlem generated $ 828,198 in fines after issuing 6,529 tickets from 2011 through July , according to information obtained by the newspaper .
Read DNAinfo 's May 2015 investigation on the city 's speed cameras .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
LeanTween Event Dispatching
LeanTween now supports an easier way to send messages to other parts of your code : Event Dispatching ! In Unity it is often necessary to connect far-flung pieces of code together . This can usually be accomplished with some type of GameObject.Find ( “ objectName ” ) ; or setting a reference through the editor . These solutions can sometimes be clunky to say the least , and too much work .
Now there is a better way to send messages to another class , through the LeanTween.dispatchEvent method ( to see the code : download the examples from Github ) . All you need to do is tell LeanTween what methods will be listening like :
void Start ( ) {
LeanTween.addListener ( gameObject , ( int ) MyEvents.CHANGE_COLOR , changeColor ) ;
}
// The event listener
void changeColor ( LTEvent e ) { }
Then anywhere in your code ( in a different class , and or object ) you can send a message to the listener with LeanTween.dispatchEvent :
LeanTween.dispatchEvent ( ( int ) MyEvents.CHANGE_COLOR , transform ) ;
// the second parameter is for passing data
That 's it ! No need to keep a lot of references to all the object you will possibly be communicating with .
Below is an example of bunch of avatars that have no references to each other . When you click on one of them they send a message to all the other avatars :
Click an avatar to spread the rainbow !
The example is running in Flash , because LeanTween is still committed to supporting the Flash Export option .
Now dispatching events is more of a convenience thing , it is not recommended in all situations . Although the performance is quite good , in extreme situations you will get better performance by keeping a reference to a Class .
What does this have to do with tweening ?
It does n't , it 's just a convenient system to have in there . It does n't promise to be the be-all end-all of event systems , but for my uses it 's been quite satisfactory .
See it in action :
Download the examples from Github
article thumb :
The judges of the Pakistani Supreme Court will sit down in Islamabad in the coming days to decide the fate of Asia Bibi , a Christian woman sentenced to death by the same court in 2010 .
Asia Bibi has been languishing in prison for more than six years . The 51-year-old mother of five was arrested in June , 2009 , after her neighbors complained that she had made derogatory remarks about Islam 's prophet , Muhammad . A year later , Bibi was sentenced to death under the Islamic Republic 's controversial blasphemy law despite strong opposition from national and international human rights groups .
`` I am very hopeful and confident that my client will get justice ... and she will be able to spend her life with her children , '' Bibi 's lawyer Saif-ul-Mulook told the AFP news agency .
A similar hope that the Pakistani judiciary might pardon Bibi and eventually release her was dashed in 2014 when the Lahore High Court ( LHC ) ruled to uphold her 2010 death sentence . It is likely that the Supreme Court 's forthcoming decision would not be different from the LHC 's ruling two years ago . Legally , the judges have very little room under the blasphemy law to overturn their 2010 decision .
The Supreme Court will hear the case on Thursday , October 13
But the main issue on Thursday will not be legal ; Bibi 's case has acquired an international status , with human rights organizations demanding her release . Because the discrimination against religious minorities is rampant in the Muslim-majority nation , and the blasphemy law has been widely criticized by both local and international rights groups , the legality of the issue is pretty much secondary , experts say . The European Parliament and Pope Francis have also called for her release .
Imran Nafees Siddiqui , an Islamabad-based civil society activist , says the South Asian country 's civil society should keep building pressure on the government and the courts irrespective of the legal outcome .
`` [ The blasphemy law ] is a man-made doctrine and not a divine revelation . That 's why rights groups should continue to demand Bibi 's freedom . The media should also play an active role , '' Siddiqui told DW . `` The public opinion carries a lot of weight and can also influence courts ' decisions . We have to create an alternative narrative to defeat the extremist discourse in the country . It is a test case for the rights of minorities in Pakistan , '' he added .
However , those who want Bibi hanged argue that the case is Pakistan 's domestic matter , which should be dealt with under the country 's laws .
Right groups demand changes to the country 's blasphemy law
A politically-charged case
There is also tremendous opposition to Bibi 's release in Pakistan . The issue is no longer only religious ; it is a sensitive political matter now .
Controversial blasphemy laws in Pakistan , where 97 percent of the population is Muslim , were introduced by the military dictator General Zia-ul-Haq in the 1980s . But activists say they are often implemented in cases which have little to do with blasphemy . They are used to settling petty disputes and personal vendettas . Christians , Hindus and Ahmadis - a minority religious sect - are often victimized as a result .
A few months after Bibi 's conviction , Salman Taseer , a former governor of the central Punjab province , was murdered by his bodyguard , Mumtaz Qadri . Qadri shot Taseer 28 times in broad daylight in Islamabad on January 4 , 2011 , and was sentenced to death in October the same year .
Qadri showed no remorse over the killing . He said he had murdered the former governor for his efforts to amend the country 's blasphemy laws and his support for Bibi . Qadri was showered with rose petals by Muslim right-wing groups as he was taken to jail by the authorities . Subsequently , some mosques were named after him , and huge portraits of him were erected across the country .
The murderer of former governor Taseer is a martyr , a hero to Islamists
But Qadri was sent to the gallows earlier this year , and his supporters believe that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's government executed him under international pressure . So if the Supreme Court reverses the death sentence now , the right-wing parties and groups are likely to take to the streets . They fear that any concession to Bibi or any other blasphemy victim might lead to amendments in the Islamic laws and open a door to the secularization of Pakistan .
Fareed Ahmad Pracha , a leader of Pakistan 's right-wing political party , the Jamaat-i-Islami , says he wo n't allow even a slight change to the blasphemy law . `` We just want to say that the law should be enforced properly . There should not be any amendment to the blasphemy law . We will not tolerate or accept this , '' he told DW .
Under the shadows of fear
Bibi 's family has been living under constant fear since 2010 . The Christian woman 's husband , Ashiq Masih , has been fighting a desperate battle for the life and freedom of his wife ever since . Masih has asked for presidential clemency for Bibi and has written to President Mamnoon Hussain , seeking permission to move her to France , where the Council of Paris unanimously adopted a proposal to award honorary citizenship to Bibi in March .
`` We are living a life on the run '' Masih told DW . `` Our lives are being threatened . We receive death threats constantly and are moving from one place to another - and we try to support each other . ''
His family 's life has been destroyed , he said : `` I spent almost 45 years of my life in my native village . I had many friends there . But now I do not want to go back . ''
Masih is also scared . He is afraid of being recognized as Asia Bibi 's husband in public . `` This is why I almost never speak with Muslims . I am frightened that they know who I am . ''
Bibi 's family has been living in fear
Farzana Bari , director of Center for Women 's Studies at Islamabad 's Quaid-i-Azam University , believes discrimination will persist unless there is radical change in the Islamic law . `` It is high time that the government reforms the blasphemy law , '' she told DW . `` These laws are against the spirit of Islam and are a cause of notoriety for the country . ''
Religious discrimination in Pakistan is not a new occurrence but it has increased considerably in recent years . Pakistan 's liberal sections are alarmed by the growing influence of religious extremists in their country . Rights activists complain that the Islamists enjoy state patronage , while on the other hand liberal and progressive voices have to face the wrath of the country 's security agencies .
`` I call on the human rights organizations and the international community to continue supporting us with the effective handling of the Asia Bibi case , '' Masih pleads .
Howard Fineman just reported the Congressman will have a press conference tommmorow where he will be announcing his support for the bill . Although it will be reluctant support , he WILL vote for the final bill . He also said he will emphasize , as Obama did , that this is just a first step in the reform effort .
The Dream lives on folks , let 's keep up the fight !
Rec List ! ! : I just want to thank ............... Congressman Dennis Kucinich , if he does in fact vote for this bill , it truly will be the right thing to do . The fight is n't close to over , this bill is imperfect , heck I could go on and on about what 's wrong with it , but we will imporve it , every year , every chance we can , we will improve it . For my family , for your family , for all of our families , let 's get the job done .
Update 2 : Some people are making the case that Kucinich is some sort of unprincipled snake because he will probably get something in return for his vote . I have to disagree wholeheartedly with that accusation . This is EXACTLY what conservatives do to get their way on legislation . If Kucinich did get a promise of some sort ( maybe a fix to his SP provision ) that moves the bill TO THE LEFT . What other progressive managed to do that ? They took his threat of voting against the bill seriously and because of that they played ball . More progessive congresspeople should try that .
Live is such a huge driver in terms of acquiring new customers and subscribers . When we have a major event , 75 % of our subscribers sign up in the 90 days before the live event . Accessing live is important to them . I could not imagine working with a better streaming partner than Livestream . Toby Daniels Founder & Executive Director , Social Media Week , and CEO , Crowdcentric
Livestream is helping support our marketing goals by essentially giving us a brand-new medium to tell a deeper story . Being able to broadcast a real event live and tell these stories is an amazing new weapon in our marketing arsenal . Jesse Bull SVP Brand and Creative
Based on the technology , flexibility , and capabilities , Livestream was clearly the right choice for us . Jesse Resnick CEO
Wishbone Trail – Rancocas Creek National Water Trail paddle – Mt . Holly to Hainsport , Burlington County , NJ
Distance – roughly 8 miles
Time – usually 3 to 4 hours ( took us just over 3 )
Type – down the North Branch of Rancocas Creek , then up the South branch !
Difficulty : 7 of 10 ( for paddling against the current the last mile and a half )
Total score : 10 of 10
Website – Ranococas Creek National Water Trail ( proposed )
Open – Sunrise to Sunset .
Terrain – the river passes through the middle of town , as well as through forests and swamps .
Launches –
Mount Holly – Launch at 39°59'24.58″N , 74°46'46.55″W ( end of Wollner Drive in Iron Works Park ) OR just the other side of the dam at Iron Works Park at the footbridge at 39°59'31.00″N , 74°46'55.59″W . We chose the first put in , which required taking the canoe out to portage around the dam .
Take out – Hainsport at Walnut Ave and Spruce Ave – 39°59 ' 5.79″N , 74°50'37.40″W
Parking – Parking located at the put ins and take outs . There is no way from the end to the beginning , so work out a shuttle ahead of time !
Markings – None ( it 's a river )
Map – Can be found at http : //www.rcnwt.com/wish-bone-water-trail
Description – One of the online places I like to hang out is the Jersey pine barrens facebook group , where a lot of folks post pictures that make me want to cut work and run out into the pine barrens to… well , the choices are endless .
One fellow on there keeps posting photos of his kayaking trips on Rancocas Creek at “ the wishbone ” , coming down the North Branch of that creek to the forks at Rancocas State Park , then paddling upstream on the South Branch to the landing in Hainsport . Finally , able to stand it no longer , I called up my buddy Ray . We grabbed the canoe and The Pres , and , on the weekend after Labor Day , went out to try this run for ourselves .
The set up , as usual , is the trickiest part . We placed a car at the end of the run at Hainsport ( at Walnut and Spruce ) , then shuttled the crew and canoe to Iron Works Park in Mount Holly , where we opted to put in at the canoe launch above the dam ( you can also put in below the dam at the same park , to avoid a portage ) .
With the set up done , time for the fun part ! The first part of the paddle is a short run around the perimeter of Iron Works Park to where the dam is ( we did n't realize this before hand , but totally would have gone this way even if we had known ) .
To the left of the dam , there is a clear little path where its very clear where people beach their boats to portage around the dam . There 's then a short carry around . We opted to go down the first worn place that we saw , but once on the water , we realized it probably would have been easier to go back in at the pedestrian footbridge connecting the parks on either side of the river ( although we did n't scout this out on foot , so this may be an untrue statement ) . Regardless , we were back in the river without much trouble .
Back in Rancocas Creek , the next part of the paddle was an interesting bit though Mt . Holly itself . Because I 'm so used to woodsy canoeing or paddling through people 's backyards , I find my rare trips through more built up town centers or urban areas to be really fascinating . For many of these towns , the river you 're on was the original highway for folks to travel on , and it lends an interesting perspective to look up at a town !
This stretch saw us go under many bridges and flat past many an old building .
Once out of town , the river switches between a very woodsie feel ( although you are very close to civilization ) and floating through folks backyards . This lasts for several miles until you reach the edge of Rancocas State Park , which the North Branch of Ranocacas Creek bisects . It was on this stretch that the three of us had a BALD EAGLE take off from a tree to our side , then cross in front of us . I know they are way more common than then once were , but it was such an amazing moment . I did n't even try to take a picture , because camera phone .
And then there is coming into Rancocas State Park . As stated many times , this is one of our favorite parks to hike in anywhere in the wonderful world of South Jersey . Well , I can now report that its a darn good spot to canoe in as well .
Once you 're in the park , the park is on both sides of the river . To the right will be mostly swampy marsh grasses . To the left , you 'll sometimes have grasses , but also sometimes have more solid ground . When you see solid ground , look closely , because many of the spots are old homesteads from when this river was the highway through Burlington County . We pulled up in one spot near the final point of land before “ the forks ” to have a snack , and to admire the remaining timbers from a pier .
Our snack complete , it was back into the canoe to head down to the hardest stretch . We covered the last bit of distance to “ the forks ” where the North and South branches of Rancocas Creek meet without any difficulty , completing the 6 1/2 miles from Mt Holly . But we immediately made the turn and began to head UP the South Branch of Rancocas Creek . And that creek has some flow .
I wo n't lie to you , this is the part of the trip where you are a complete idiot to be in a canoe . Paddling upstream in a kayak is hard enough , but in a canoe… well , the looks from the people motorboating past us said it all . Luckily , I 'm not easily discouraged by hard canoeing , and my buddy Ray has good upper body strength , so we made very respectable steady progress up the South Branch of Rancocas Creek . Also luckily , while the downstream part of the run is 6 1/2 miles , the upstream part is only 1 1/2 miles .
A good spot for a warning – the South Branch of Rancocas Creek was filled with motorboaters… like , easily a half dozen of them . They were all really considerate , and slowed down ( they had to be careful , there were boats stopped fishing , and a crew of tubers out there too ) , but there might be an idiot out there , so stay alert .
Back to our regularly scheduled adventure report – when we neared the edge of Rancocas State Park and the old whatever-it-was building , we needed to stop and rest our burning arms for a few minutes . Ray had never been in the park before , so we walked the twenty or thirty feet down the trail to take a peek up at it .
Back in the canoe , it was one last push to freedom . There was a large bend coming up ( hooray for topo maps on the phone ) , but with a cut through to cut to corner . We decided to risk it ( our arms hurt ) , and made it back to the main channel without so much as touching bottom . Yay !
We passed a group of tubers , then rounded the final corner to the boat ramp at our take out point . Hooray !
Forty-five minutes later , after getting the other car back from Mt Holly and some cold , cold , cold drinks from the convenience store , we put the canoe up and happily headed for home . Despite the final leg of the trip , great times were had by all !
Goldstein 's the one in the crocodile hat ( Photo by Sean Davis via the Creative Commons on Flickr )
You might not recognize his name , but you recognize his look . James Goldstein is the man sitting courtside at Staples Center when the Lakers are on a homestretch . He 's the guy in a frayed outback hat , a jacket made of alligator , and pants colored with zebra prints . Details about his private life are somewhat sparse , but we do know that he dates young models , hangs out at fashion shows with Kanye West , and lives in the Sheats Goldstein residence , which he recently donated to LACMA and you 've seen in countless magazine spreads and in The Big Lebowski .
What does he do ? How does he finance his wardrobe ? It turns out he 's in real estate , and , as reported by Vice , many of his tenants regard him as an `` a—hole '' landlord .
Among Goldstein 's properties are the Colony Cove mobile home in Carson and the El Dorado mobile home in Palm Springs . Some residents at those locations told Vice that their landlord is trying to milk them for every last cent . For years Goldstein has been trying to turn the properties into subdivisions , which would give him free reign over what he could do with the divided plots ( for example , bypass rent-control guidelines and force the residents into purchasing their homes ) . He has also attempted to raise the rent by sizable amounts ; in 2007 he 'd tried to increase the rent at Colony Cove by $ 618.15-per-month , reports Vice . The request was turned down . And each time he was denied by the City of Carson , he would come back with a lawsuit . On May 5 he won a federal lawsuit against Carson was awarded $ 3.3 million by a judge . `` The city has been in litigation with Goldstein for decades , '' according to The Daily Breeze .
Why ca n't Goldstein just walk in and do whatever he wants with his properties ? It largely has to do a bill that Governor Jerry Brown had signed into law in 2013 . The bill , SB 510 , is meant to `` avoid the economic displacement of all nonpurchasing residents . '' The law meant that if Goldstein wanted to subdivide his land and turn the renters into resident owners , he 'd first have to `` obtain a survey of support of residents '' and submit it for approval by a local agency . Needless to say , Goldstein had trouble getting the popular vote at Colony Cove .
Colony Cove residents told Vice that Goldstein has taken some retaliatory measures . They believe that he 's gone lax with the security ; he 's removed a gate and has greatly reduced the number of guards . One resident called management to report suspicious activity and was told to call the cops herself .
The Vice piece is a big hit on Goldstein 's character . And people love to hate-read stories about Bad Landlords Run Amok . But will Goldstein care enough to take action ? It seems like he 's pretty occupied with the NBA postseason :
# nbaplayoffs # aboutlastnight A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on May 31 , 2016 at 8:57pm PDT
Bill Walton x James Goldstein # nbafinals A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on Jun 2 , 2016 at 5:20pm PDT
By @ gettyimages # nbaplayoffs # latergram A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on Jun 4 , 2016 at 9:53am PDT
# aboutlastnight # nbaplayoffs A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on May 17 , 2016 at 10:15am PDT
Pregame warmup with # LamarcusAldridge # nbaplayoffs A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on May 8 , 2016 at 4:31pm PDT
With the ABC team Mark Jackson , Jeff van Gundy , Mike Breen in # OKC # nbaplayoffs A photo posted by James F. Goldstein [ OFFICIAL ] ( @ jamesfgoldstein ) on May 7 , 2016 at 8:36am PDT
And here 's one with two of our greatest sartorial legends !
It 's no secret that Alien 3 was a nightmare production , a film that it 's own director refuses to even discuss . While it may make for a fascinating topic for fans to learn about , that is n't a sentiment that the people who experienced the trouble are likely to share .
Ralph Brown , Alien 3 's 85/Aaron , recently posted a very candid blog in which he recounts some of the issues he personally faced while working on Alien 3 .
“ The canteen sequence . Rewrites still coming in . An IRA attack on Downing Street provides a fitting backdrop . Sigourney is taking no prisoners today . First it 's the hair : “ Your hair is too long Ralph , we should put some lice in it ” Then an hour later it 's the costume : “ How come Aaron gets to wear a nice clean shirt , while we 're all in dirty crap here ? ”
“ It 's vanity pure and simple ” says the deep Barnsley burr of Brian Glover . Thanks mate . “ So the stupid Aaron 85 looks really cool then ” says Sigourney . “ Mr Normal ” . She stonks off . I feel really weird now . All my paranoias confirmed ! I think she is anxious about having a shaved head , but she has successfully managed to dump her insecurity onto me . ”
Brown talks about the difficulties he had with rewrites to Aaron and trying to discuss those changes with writers and producers Walter Hill and David Giler . He talks about selling out David Fincher to the pair , Sigourney Weaver 's hostile attitude on set and his misconceptions as to what was actually happening on the set . It 's a fascinating read ! Head on over to Ralph Brown 's blog to read .
Thanks to Charles DeLauzarika for sharing the link .
Give the Bucs ' front office a grade ? That 's easy : F .
When you 're 2-11 after re-building half the roster , you suck . You did not do a good job . In fact , you did a terrible job . Anthony Collins is a bust . Michael Johnson certainly looks like a bust . Alterraun Verner has been okay but far from the impact player the team expected . Logan Mankins has been a bust given his salary and the pick and player given up for him . Evan Dietrich-Smith has been disappointing , if not an outright terrible acquisition .
That does n't mean the Bucs have n't made some successful moves . Finding Jacquies Smith was outstanding . Danny Lansanah has been a revelation . Orie Lemon has played well , as have a few other under-the-radar pickups . And Clinton McDonald has been a terrific addition to the interior defensive line -- when he 's been healthy anyway .
And then there 's Mike Evans , who 's played better football than any of us had any right to expect . Historically , rookie receivers struggle . Especially the ones coming out of simplistic offenses where they 're asked to only run a few routes . But Evans has been outstanding this season , even with Josh McCown and Mike Glennon throwing him the ball . For that pick , the front office gets an A .
But the rest of the draft has been disappointing . Austin Seferian-Jenkins has been hampered by injuries throughout , as has Charles Sims , so that 's worse luck than anything else . But Kadeem Edwards and Kevin Pamphile have n't been able to get on the field much , despite playing behind some of the worst offensive linemen I 've seen in Tampa , ever . And that 's saying something !
This does n't mean all hope is lost , though . Thanks to the Bucs ' quality structuring of their contracts , they can get rid of basically every mistake this offseason with minimal financial penalties . While Seferian-Jenkins and Sims have been limited in their impact , they certainly flashed talent and there 's a good chance they 'll develop into impact players . And Edwards and Pamphile were raw coming into the league -- their taking a while to get into the lineup does n't mean they 'll be stuck as backups forever .
Join the # GMCPlaybook discussion at sbnation.com/sponsored-gmc-playbook and on Twitter by following @ thisisgmc & @ marshallfaulk .
To say Saudi Arabia hates Israel would be a grand understatement .
The two nations have no diplomatic relations . Travelers ca n't fly from one country to the other . Planes ca n't even fly through the other 's airspace .
In order to travel from one nation to the other requires travelers to take what many call a `` cleansing stop . '' Often , flyers go to Amman , Jordan , or Cairo , Egypt , before heading on . And travelers who stop in Israel before heading to Saudi Arabia often ask Israeli officials not to stamp their passports ( Saudis authorities get visibly unhappy when they see the stamp ) . Some frequent fliers even have an extra passport so they can keep one clear of the Israeli stamp .
That 's what makes President Trump 's itinerary so interesting . He made Saudi Arabia his first stop , which no doubt greatly pleased the Saudi royal family . Then he flew from Riyadh directly to Tel Aviv , which no doubt made them furious .
In fact , the flight may well have been the first in history from Saudi Arabia to Israel , the Associated Press reported .
`` Saudi Arabia does n't recognize Israel and the two states do n't have diplomatic relations . There are no direct flights between the two countries and flights from either country bypass the other 's airspace . An Israel Airport Authority spokesman says that he was not aware of any direct flights ever having landed in Israel from the kingdom , '' the AP said .
So Trump 's already made history . Chances are he 'll make a good bit more .
Praise-God Barebone ( said to have been christened Unless-Jesus-Christ-Had-Died-For-Thee-Thou-Hadst-Been-Damned Barebone , [ 1 ] last name also spelled Barbon or Barbone ; c. 1598–1679 ) was an English leather-seller , preacher and Fifth Monarchist . He is best known for giving his name to the Barebone 's Parliament of the English Commonwealth of 1653 . [ 2 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Little is known of Barebone 's early life . Writing in 2001 , Nicholas Tyacke speculated that he may have been the son of John Barebone , rector of Charwelton , by his marriage to Mary Roper of Daventry , and that he probably had an older brother called Fear-God ( who is known to have been a minor poet ) . But this possibility lacks supporting evidence because the Charwelton parish register for that period has been lost .
The first that is known about him is that he became a freeman of the Leathersellers Company in January 1623 , having served an eight- or nine-year apprenticeship . He was elected a warden of the yeomanry of the leather-sellers in 1630 , and a liveryman in 1634 . In 1630 he married his wife Sarah , with whom he would have at least one son , Nicholas Barbon .
Religion [ edit ]
By 1632 , Barebone had joined the semi-separatist congregation founded in 1616 by Henry Jacob , later to be led by John Lathrop and then , from 1637 , by Henry Jessey . By December 1641 he had begun preaching to audiences at his premises at the Lock and Key , at the lower end of Fleet Street near Fetter Lane . On 19 December of that year , his sermon against bishops and the Book of Common Prayer attracted hostile attention from apprentices , who smashed the premises 's windows .
... he was preaching in his house to a hundred or a hundred and fifty people , 'as many women as men ' , when a hostile crowed gathered outside and begun to break the windows . A constable came and arrested some of the separatists , but order was not fully restored until the lord mayor and sheriffs arrived . [ 5 ]
Some of Barebone 's congregation were taken to the Bridewell prison , others to the Counters , and still others made their escape over the roof-tops , while the crowd was left to destroy his shop-sign .
The following month more than fifty people , including many members or former members of Jessey 's church , were rebaptised by immersion , in London . Barebone strongly disagreed with these advocates of believers ' baptism , and within a few weeks he issued A Discourse Tending to Prove the Baptism ... to be the Ordinance of Jesus Christ . The claim that Barebone himself was an Anabaptist is likely to derive from post-Restoration critics . A second work , A Reply to the Frivolous and Impertinent Answer of RB , was published in the spring of 1643 . In the next few years Barebone was involved in conflicts with those who controlled the vestry of St. Dunstan-in-the-West , and with Francis Kemp , the lawyer who acted for them . Barebone later joined the sect known as the Fifth Monarchists , known for their millenarianism .
Appointment to the Nominated Assembly [ edit ]
In July 1653 Barebone was appointed to sit in the Nominated Assembly , a body set up after the expulsion of the Rump Parliament by Oliver Cromwell . The Assembly , whose members were chosen by Cromwell and the Army Council instead of being elected , soon became known as Barebone 's Parliament to its many critics , Barebone proving a likely target due to his name and his apparently humble origins .
Although he was never chosen to sit in the Assembly 's Council of State , Barebone was an active member . He sat on a committee on tithes set up on 19 July 1653 , and he was also one of the first members of the committee established on 19 August to consider law reform . In late July he was tasked with placating large numbers of women who were demonstrating at Westminster in support of John Lilburne .
Later career [ edit ]
Barebone was elected to the Common Council of the City of London for the year 1657 and re-elected until 1660 . After the restoration of the Rump Parliament , he was nominated to the London militia committee under the Act of 7 July 1659 . In 1660 , Barebone endeavoured to prevent the Restoration of the English monarchy . He published Marchamont Needham 's book News from Brussels in a Letter from a Near Attendant on His Majesty 's Person ... , which related unfavourable anecdotes about the prospective king of England , Charles II . Along with other `` well-affected citizens '' in London , he also presented an address to the Rump Parliament in February 1660 urging that they `` use all possible Endeavours to prevent the Commonwealth 's Adversaries in this their most dangerous Stratagem '' and subsequently received the thanks of the House . [ 6 ]
When the same Parliament had its secluded members of 1648 readmitted , paving the way for the Restoration , celebratory bonfires were lit in London by young Apprentices , and Barebone `` had but little thanks of the boyes , for they broke all his glass windows that belonged to the front of his house '' . [ 7 ] In July 1660 , following the Restoration , a royalist tract called The Picture of the Good Old Cause Drawn to the Life reprinted a petition he had made in February calling for Members of Parliament to deny rule by Charles II or any other single person .
As a result of these views , he was arrested on 25 November 1661 and charged with treason alongside James Harrington and Samuel Moyer . He was then imprisoned in the Tower of London . He was freed on 27 July 1662 after a petition from his wife pleading his illness . In 1666 , his premises were one of the most westerly buildings to be engulfed in the Great Fire of London . Barebone died at the end of 1679 and was buried on 5 January 1680 in the parish of St. Andrew Holborn .
Works [ edit ]
A Discourse tending to prove ... Baptism ... to be the ordinance of Jesus Christ . As also that the Baptism of Infants is warentable . 1642 . The preface indicates Barebone 's religious tolerance .
. 1642 . The preface indicates Barebone 's religious tolerance . A Reply to the Frivolous and Impertinent answer of R.B . and E.B . to the Discourse of P.B . . 1643 .
. 1643 . Good Things to Come . 1675 . In this Barebone looked forward to the imminent arrival of Jesus Christ : `` his kingdom and reign shall be outward , and visible on earth ... when he shall come the second time , in power and great glory '' ( p. 10 ) .
Family [ edit ]
His eldest son was the economist Nicholas Barbon .
Notes [ edit ]
BOSTON -- Scientists at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and other institutions have discovered a sign of the early development of pancreatic cancer - an upsurge in certain amino acids that occurs before the disease is diagnosed and symptoms appear . The research is being published online today by the journal Nature Medicine .
Although the increase is n't large enough to be the basis of a new test for early detection of the disease , the findings will help researchers better understand how pancreatic cancer affects the rest of the body , particularly how it can trigger the sometimes deadly muscle-wasting disease known as cachexia .
`` Most people with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ( PDAC ) [ by far the most common form of cancreatic cancer ] are diagnosed after the disease has reached an advanced stage , and many die within a year of diagnosis , '' said Brian Wolpin , MD , MPH , of Dana-Farber , co-senior author of the new study with Matthew Vander Heiden , MD , PhD , of MIT and Dana-Farber . `` Detecting the disease earlier in its development may improve our ability to treat it successfully . In this study , we asked whether PDAC produces metabolic changes - changes in the way the body uses energy and nutrients - that can be detected before the disease is diagnosed . ''
The researchers utilized blood samples collected years earlier from 1,500 people participating in large health-tracking studies . They analyzed the samples for more than 100 different metabolites - substances produced by the metabolic process - and compared the results from participants who had gone on to develop pancreatic cancer and those who had not .
`` We found that higher levels of branched chain amino acids were present in people who went on to develop pancreatic cancer compared to those who did not develop the disease , '' Wolpin said . ( Branched chain amino acids are one family of amino acids , the building blocks of proteins . ) The amount of time that would elapse before those individuals were diagnosed with pancreatic cancer ranged from two to 25 years , although the highest risk was in the several years before diagnosis , the researchers found .
`` These findings led us to hypothesize that the increase in branched chain amino acids is due to the presence of an early pancreatic tumor , '' Wolpin remarked . This theory was confirmed in laboratory experiments performed by Vander Heiden 's group at the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research at MIT . Their experiments showed that mice with newly formed pancreatic tumors had above-normal blood levels of these amino acids .
The researchers found the increase was due to a breakdown of muscle tissue , which caused branched amino acids to be released into the bloodstream . This process is similar to what occurs in patients with cancer cachexia . `` What was surprising about our results was that it appears the breakdown of muscle protein begins much earlier in the disease process than previously appreciated , '' noted Vander Heiden .
The findings provide an important lead to scientists studying how pancreatic tumors interact with patients ' normal tissues , the authors say . According to Vander Heiden , this work provides a glimpse into how pancreatic cancer changes the way the rest of the body handles nutrients . `` This work has the potential to spur progress in detecting pancreatic tumors earlier and identifying new treatment strategies for those with the disease , '' he remarks .
# # #
The lead authors of the study are Jared Mayers , of Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; Chen Wu , of Dana-Farber , Harvard School of Public Health , and the Cancer Institute and Hospital , Chinese Academy of Medical Science , Beijing , China ; and Clary Clish , PhD , of the Broad Institute and Harvard University . Co-authors are Margaret Torrence , Brian Fiske , Shawn Davidson , Thales Papagiannakopoulos , PhD , and Talya Dayton of MIT ; Chen Yuan , Zhi Rong Qian , MD , PhD , Douglas Rubinson , MD , PhD , Annan Yang , PhD , and Alec Kimmelman , MD , PhD , of Dana-Farber ; Ying Bao , MD , ScD , and Mary Townsend , ScD , of Brigham and Women 's Hospital ; Shuji Ogino , MD , PhD , of Dana-Farber , Harvard School of Public Health , and Brigham and Women 's Hospital ; Charles Fuchs , MD , MPH , of Dana-Farber and Brigham and Women 's Hospital ; Peter Kraft , PhD , of Harvard School of Public Health ; Shelley Tworoger , PhD , Jing Ma , MD , PhD , MPH , Meir Stampfer , MD , DrPH , Edward Giovannucci , MD , ScD , Howard Sesso , ScD , MPH , and JoAnn Manson , MD , of Harvard School of Public Health and Brigham and Women 's Hospital ; John Michael Gaziano , MD , MPH , of Brigham and Women 's Hospital and the VA Boston Healthcare System ; Barbara Cochrane , PhD , RN , of the University of Washington School of Nursing ; Simin Liu , MD , MPH , ScD , of Brown University ; Jean Wactawski-Wende , PhD , of the University at Buffalo , SUNY ; Michael Pollak , MD , of McGill University ; Amanda Souza , and Kerry Pierce of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard University ; Thomas Wang , MD , of Vanderbilt University ; and Robert Gerszten , MD , of Massachusetts General Hospital .
Major support for the study was provided by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the Lustgarten Foundation . Additional support came from the National Institutes of Health ; the Nestle Research Center ; the Robert T. and Judith B. Hale Fund for Pancreatic Cancer ; the Perry S. Levy Fund for Gastrointestinal Cancer Research ; the Pappas Family Research Fund for Pancreatic Cancer ; Cambridge Isotope Laboratories ; the Burroughs Wellcome Fund ; the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation ; the Smith Family ; the Stern Family ; the American Society of Clinical Oncology Conquer Cancer Foundation ; and Promises for Purple .
About Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute , a principal teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School , is world renowned for its leadership in adult and pediatric cancer treatment and research . Designated as a comprehensive cancer center by the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , it is one of the largest recipients among independent hospitals of NCI and National Institutes of Health grant funding . For more information , go to http : //www . dana-farber . org .
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci is dead set on ridding 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. of leakers , even if that means he has to “ fire everybody . ”
The newly-minted White House aide joins an administration plagued by leaks . He told The Washington Post Tuesday , “ I 'm going to fire everybody , that 's how I 'm going to do it . You 're either going to stop leaking or you 're going to get fired . ”
Politico and Breitbart both reported that Scaramucci had already dismissed assistant press secretary Michael Short as part of the move against leakers . Short is an ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus from his days at the Republican National Committee . Short told CNN after the news broke , “ No one has told me anything and the entire premise is false . ”
Scaramucci was then asked about the firing . “ This is the problem with the leaking , ” he responded . “ This is actually a terrible thing . Let 's say I 'm firing Michael Short today . The fact that you guys know about it before he does really upset me as a human being and as a Roman Catholic . You got that ? ”
Curiously it was Scaramucci who went on the record with Politico saying that he will fire Short .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Feb. 8 , 2016 , 8:05 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 8 , 2016 , 8:07 PM GMT By Elisha Fieldstadt
A sign on a Starbucks store in Saudi Arabia banning women from entering the coffee shop sparked backlash , but the coffee company said Monday that the situation has been rectified .
A Twitter user going by the name `` Manar N '' tweeted on Feb. 1 that she had recently denied service at a Starbucks in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Accompanying the tweet was a picture of a sign on the door that read : `` Please no entry for ladies only send your driver to order thank you . ''
The picture went viral and made headlines around the world , as many responded and fired off their own post criticizing the coffee empire .
The photo has not been verified by NBC News , but Starbucks said in a statement that the particular store `` was originally built without a gender wall . That meant it could only accommodate men in accordance with local law . ''
As a result , `` a poster was placed at the store entrance as required by local law , '' the statement said .
The store has been renovated to include the `` gender wall , '' Starbucks spokeswoman Jaime Riley told NBC News on Monday . She said the store in Riyadh was the only Starbucks store in Saudi Arabia that did n't have the mandated wall .
`` We are pleased to share that the store is now accessible to single men on one side as well as women and families on the other side , '' the Starbucks statement said . `` Starbucks has now 78 stores in Saudi Arabia and all stores cater to both families and singles , except for one that is exclusively reserved for women and families . ''
Women are , by law , banned from traveling and driving , without the approval of a male guardian in Saudi Arabia , according to Human Right 's Watch , which said the country practices `` systematic discrimination '' against women .
OnePlus 3 is rumoured to release later this month , and naturally , there are a lot of rumours and leaks about the device coming up online everyday . Recently , we saw a couple of images of the OnePlus 3 online and now , a whole new batch of the same phone has been leaked , revealing the design in all its glory . Could this be the final version of the OnePlus 3 ? We ca n't be sure of that , but let 's take a closer look at this design .
There 's no denying the fact that the phone has an HTC look to it . The top is similar to the design of the HTC M7 with the antenna lines placed almost in the same fashion as the old HTC flagship . The design is n't the best we have seen , with a squarish camera sensor which protrudes from the body . The front has a different look to it and this time , it looks like the company has taken some design inspiration from Meizu . The oval physical home button is almost the same as the ones we have seen in the Meizu 's blue charm series . Considering that there is no fingerprint sensor at the back , we can expect the sensor to be embedded in the front placed home button .
The new leaked images also show off the bottom of the OnePlus 3 . The phone will have all the slots down there , including 3.5mm headphone jack and USB Type-C. Also , we can see a speaker grill as well as microphone opening at the bottom . The top seems to be clean . Only one side of the phone has been revealed in the images , and there seems to be a toggle switch there . The volume and the power buttons should be located on the opposite side . From the looks of the device in these pictures , it seems to be an engineering prototype . So , despite multiple leaks with the same design , we ca n't be sure this will be the final design of the OnePlus 3 .
We have already seen the specs of the OnePlus 3 flagship in detail , thanks to the previous leaks . You can read more about them from here .
The reading cages at Marsh 's Library in Dublin ( via Marsh 's Library )
Recently we explored a medieval form of book security : chained libraries . But a reader brought to our attention a library in Dublin , Ireland , that went a step further and locked its readers in cages .
Marsh 's Library located by St. Patrick 's Cathedral , dates to the 18th century , and was started by Archbishop Narcissus Marsh . Little has changed over three centuries at the late Renaissance space . According to Marsh 's Library 's site , it 's one of the city 's few 18th century buildings serving its intended function , and most of its books are still in their same places .
One of those original features is three scholar alcoves with wire doors . These cages would be locked when a reader was using a rare book so they would n't walk off with it . Although books were more widespread than the middle ages that spawned the chained libraries , there were still books precious enough that libraries were n't comfortable without some restrictions . Marsh 's was the first public library in the country , and at the time it was still a fairly progressive idea to offer a not-always-trustworthy public books for free . Marsh himself was very specific on library etiquette , stating “ in case any person shall carry Himself otherwise ( which We hope will not happen ) We order Him to be excluded , if after being admonished He does not mend His manners . ”
Now visitors will find there is a skull in one of the reading cages . Do n't despair that it is some biblio-miscreant . It 's actually a cast of the cranium of Stella , the ambiguous companion of one of the deans at the cathedral — author Jonathan Swift .
The library is still open to the public with over 25,000 books dating back to the 15th century and has woven itself into Dublin 's history . It even appears , although perhaps not in the best light , in James Joyce 's Ulysses , alongside a sly Swift reference for good measure :
Beauty is not there . Nor in the stagnant bay of Marsh 's library where you read the fading prophecies of Joachim Abbas . For whom ? The hundredheaded rabble of the cathedral close . A hater of his kind ran from them to the wood of madness , his mane foaming in the moon , his eyeballs stars .
Yikes ! Well aside from the lovely Marsh 's being far from a “ stagnant bay , ” we do hope no readers were ever forgotten in its cages .
Marsh 's Library ( photograph by William/Flickr user )
Leaf through more library curiosities on Atlas Obscura >
On Saturday , an IHOP customer in Springfield , Illinois , felt compelled to share a sweet moment she witnessed between a waiter named Joe Thomas and a disabled customer .
“ A man and disabled women were dining and your server sat down with them and proceeded to help feed the disabled woman while her companion enjoyed his food . My faith in humanity has been restored a little today , ” Keshia Dotson posted on Facebook along with a picture that has since been shared over 4,500 times .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Thomas told WICS that the woman —who sits at Thomas ' table every time she comes to IHOP with her family — has difficulty eating because of a medical issue .
“ They are just really nice people really , ” he told the news outlet .
While her husband often tries to help , Thomas says he 'd rather the couple enjoy their meal together .
“ I always see him stop eating to feed her and I was like , ‘ Heck , if I 'm not doing anything why do n't I go feed her so he can eat and everyone can be happy ? ' My parents always told me to treat people equally and that 's what I try to do all the time , ” he told WICS .
Thomas said he 's blown away by the response the photo of his kind act has received .
“ It really felt good for somebody to actually see another person is doing something and take notice , ” said Thomas , who has since been offered a nursing job . “ It felt good , but at the same time I was like I really do n't care for the recognition too much because it 's just something that should automatically be done regardless . I am out there to help anyone if I can , do n't really look for anything in return just have a good day and that 's it . ”
MARTINEZ ( KPIX 5 ) — An East Bay California Highway Patrol officer accused of stealing nude photos of a DUI suspect is speaking out , claiming that officers have stolen images for years .
Officer Sean Harrington of Martinez reportedly confessed to stealing explicit photos from the suspect 's phone , and said he forwarded those images to at least two other CHP officers .
According to court documents obtained by the Contra Costa Times , Harrington told investigators this kind of image stealing has been going on for years in the state law enforcement agency , stretching all the way from Los Angeles to his own Dublin station .
Harrington called the photo stealing a “ game ” and said he had done the same thing to female arrestees a “ half dozen times in the last several years . ”
Text messages obtained by the newspaper also show the kind of exchanges going on . In one exchange involving Harrington and another officer , Harrington said , “ Just rerun a favor down the road buddy ” with a smiley face .
Suspicions that the photos were stolen were first raised when the suspect said she synced her phone after her arrest and noticed when six photos were sent from her phone to another account .
“ They 're personal private photos she meant to keep private on her own cellphone and were not meant for anybody else 's eyes , ” Richard Madsen , the victim 's attorney told KPIX 5 .
In a written statement to KPIX 5 , CHP Commissioner Joseph Farrow said , “ The allegations anger and disgust me . We expect the highest levels of integrity and moral strength from everyone in the California Highway Patrol and there is no place in our organization for such behavior . ”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The news that more people signed up for ObamaCare in the first week this year than last year combined with skyrocketing private sector job growth under the ACA has sent the Republican Party into silence .
HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell reported that more people got covered under the ACA during the first week of open enrollment this year compared to the first week in 2014 , “ In the first week of the third Open Enrollment , more than 540,000 people selected a health insurance plan through the HealthCare.gov platform and more than 1.15 million consumers were included on applications submitted to the Marketplace . Even more signed up through their State-based Marketplaces . ”
Last year , 462,000 people selected plans in the first . HHS is warning people to be cautious about any year to year comparisons because the enrollment period started earlier and is longer in 2015 , but enrollment is growing . People are coming back . Open enrollment is becoming a habit .
The news gets even better for Democrats as the ACA is n't just expanding access to affordable health insurance , it is also fueling a jobs boom in the health care industry . The health care industry created 44,900 new jobs in October . For the year , the health care sector has created almost as many jobs in 2015 ( 407,000 ) than they did in 2013 and 2014 combined ( 410,000 ) .
The Republican response to the increase in ACA enrollment has been silence . The Republican response to the fact that the ACA has been fueling private sector job growth has been to deny reality by claiming that the ACA is killing jobs and small businesses .
President Obama and Democrats have won . ObamaCare is not only working , but it is creating jobs and helping the economy . The question for 2016 is n't if the country should keep the ACA , but how hard are Democrats willing to fight to keep and build on what President Obama has accomplished ?
The silence of Republicans speaks volumes as the success of the ACA is sweeping across the country .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Police across Ontario have been increasing patrols over the long weekend to crack down on impaired boating , part of a years-long campaign to change the culture on the water .
Dubbed Operation Dry Water , the national campaign to prosecute and educate over the August long weekend is organized by the Canadian Safe Boating Council and is in its fifth summer .
Some people do n't think about the dangers of drinking and boating , said director Ian Gilson , which include crashes and falling overboard , but more people seem not to care .
`` People view it as an integral part of relaxing and recreating on the water , '' he said .
`` Secondly , they had no fear of being caught . There are definitely fewer police boats on the water than [ vehicles ] on land . ''
Police will be checking to see if alcohol is being stored or consumed improperly by boaters this long weekend , along with making sure boaters know the rules and risks of impaired boating . ( Andrew Foote/CBC )
Part of the council 's push to stop irresponsible boating has been the Dry Water campaign , which gets more police boats out on the water during one of the more popular weekends for boating .
Another has been to ask people to report suspected drunk boaters to police , similar to the work Mothers Against Drunk Driving has done for cars .
`` If we can engender that same disgust around drinking and operating your car into drinking and operating your boat , we 'll have done a great service to people , '' Gilson said .
`` We find that people who drink in the water tend to take silly risks that they would n't normally take . ''
Illegal to drink on most boats
Cst . Ralph Millaire of the Ottawa police 's marine , dive and trails unit said that around 40 per cent of boating deaths involve alcohol .
`` It 's quite dangerous , more so than on the road or other places , because you get dehydrated much more quickly on the water , '' he said .
`` The wind dehydrates your pores , the sun just beats down on you , you 're having fun so you 're not [ thinking ] about your alcohol consumption . Once you get dehydrated you can get disoriented . ''
Gilson said Ontario and B.C . usually see the most people die while boating every year because of their populations and many lakes .
Numbers given by Canada 's Lifesaving Society said at the end of July , 58 people across Canada had died while boating , with 16 in Ontario .
Cst . Ralph MIllaire of the Ottawa police 's marine , dive and trails unit says Ottawa police gave out 16 tickets for breaking Ontario 's drinking and boating laws over the 2016 long weekend . Nobody was charged criminally . ( CBC )
Ottawa police are making sure people know Ontario 's rules and penalties around alcohol and boating , Millaire said .
In order to drink `` you need a big boat , basically . You need a fresh water supply , a pump out toilet — not just a porta-potty . You need to be anchored and moored overnight , '' he said .
`` You 're allowed to transport alcohol , as long as it 's not readily accessible to the driver . ''
Anyone caught breaking these rules faces a fine or criminal charge , which could mean a suspension of their driver 's license .
On Monday morning Ottawa police said they 'd only issued one alcohol-related ticket this weekend , along with 24 other tickets for infractions found during the blitz , but a relatively cold , windy and rainy weekend meant low boat traffic . Last year they issued 16 tickets during the same long weekend .
Toronto police did n't have numbers available for this weekend , but said they generally do n't issue a lot of impaired boating tickets on Lake Ontario and it 's been a low-traffic year for them because of high water levels that kept visitors off Toronto Islands until the end of July .
The Ontario Provincial Police and York Regional Police did not respond to a request for their numbers .
When mass political protests erupted throughout Brazil in June , Miguel Freitas did what countless others did : He followed the news on Twitter . Tweets revealed information he could n't get anywhere else , including the mainstream media . `` Brazilian media is highly concentrated , '' says Freitas , an engineer based in Rio de Janeiro . `` I have been able to read news that a lot of friends never heard about . ''
He believes that Twitter plays a major role in promoting democracy and organizing protests in places like Brazil and the Middle East – and that 's why he was so concerned when former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked details about the U.S. government 's massive surveillance of internet traffic and social networks . Almost immediately , Freitas started building a more secure and robust alternative to Twitter , making use of code from two other massively successful online projects : bitcoin and BitTorrent .
Although he gives Twitter credit for resisting government pressure to hand over user data , Freitas remains worried about people putting too much information in the hands of one company . `` As much as I like using Twitter for news reading , the possibility of a single entity being able to control this important flux of information made no sense to me , '' he says .
> 'As much as I like using Twitter , the possibility of a single entity being able to control this important flux of information made no sense to me ' Miguel Freitas
His alternative is called Twister . It 's a decentralized social network that , in theory , ca n't be shut down by any one entity . What 's more , Twister is designed to prevent other users from knowing whether you 're online , what your IP address is , or who you follow . You can still post public messages a la Twitter , but when you send direct and private messages to others , they 're protected with the same encryption scheme used by LavaBit , the e-mail provider used by Edward Snowdan .
After spending a few months hacking on the project – including a stint coding and backpacking on Trindade Island – Freitas and his collaborator Lucas Leal have completed a test version of the app that runs on Android , Linux , and OSX . Freitas has no plan to create a Windows or iPhone version , but since the code is open source , others are free to port the app to additional operating systems .
Twister is surprisingly easy to use for an application that 's so new , that is n't controlled by a central authority , and that places so much emphasis on security . Other decentralized alternatives to Twitter and Facebook – such as Pump.io , Identica and Diaspora – require that you either operate your own dedicated server or trust someone else to run a server for you . Twister works more like peer-to-peer file sharing software : Launch the app , and it connects with other users . There 's no need for a central server .
It manages this trick through the bitcoin protocol , though not the network that actually drives the digital currency . Basically , the protocol handles user registration and logins . Just as machines – called miners – verify transactions over the bitcoin network to ensure no one double-spends bitcoins and everyone spends only their own coins , a network of Twister computers verifies that user names are n't registered twice , and that posts attached to a particular user name are really coming from that user .
Posts are handled through the BitTorrent protocol . This lets the system distribute a large number of posts through the network quickly and efficiently , and it lets users receive near-instant notifications about new posts and messages – all without the need for central servers .
> 'It 's a fundamentally new invention that has all sorts of applications , just like the internet ' Brian Armstrong
Why would anyone operate a miner ? On bitcoin , miners compete in a kind of cryptographic lottery to earn the currency . Twister takes a similar approach , but instead of dolling out bitcoins , it gives you the privilege of sending promoted messages – basically ads – to Twister users . At the moment , Twister is designed to show users no more than one promoted message per day . `` The mechanism is actually quite democratic , '' Freitas writes on the Twister site . `` This is effectively an advertising mechanism reaching the entire population of Twister users . '' He points out that this could be used not just by commercial outfits , but by non-profit organizations that need to promote a cause .
It 's a great example of how the open source bitcoin software can be repurposed for other applications . The possibilities are almost endless , says Brian Armstrong , the co-founder of Bitcon wallet company Coinbase . `` It 's a fundamentally new invention that has all sorts of applications , just like the internet . ''
You should n't bet your life on Twister – at least not yet . It 's still under test , and Freitas points out that if someone is monitoring your internet traffic – or mass monitoring internet users – they 'd still be able to find your IP address ( Freitas suggests those looking for additional protection consider the Tor Project 's anonmity software ) .
But what Freitas and Leal have accomplished so far is quite impressive . `` When I realized it was a viable idea , I took it as a personal challenge to implement , '' he says . `` No one is going to be convinced of implementing my idea just because I think it is a neat one . I must do it myself . ''
Ramps are closed from Highway 100 to I-94 . Construction workers will lay steel for a new railroad bridge and construct storm sewers at the Highway 100 interchange . Credit : Rick Wood
By of the
Thousands of people in southeastern Wisconsin can bond over one thing this weekend : potentially massive driving delays .
A closure of I-94 westbound and eastbound , between Highway 100 and U.S. 45 , begins at 11 p.m. Friday and runs through 5:30 a.m. Monday .
That means anyone hoping to get from Waukesha County to downtown Milwaukee or from downtown to Madison or from Illinois to northern Wisconsin can expect backups .
So here 's a word to the wise : Plan as much as possible for this freeway free-for-all .
Here 's everything you need to know for coping with the closure .
1 Why is this happening ?
The closure was planned months ago to make major headway on the $ 1.7 billion reconstruction of the Zoo Interchange , which is Wisconsin 's busiest , carrying more than 300,000 cars a day , according to the state Department of Transportation . ( It 's also one of the oldest , dating back to the 1960s , hence the need for new infrastructure . )
Over the weekend , crews will lay steel for a new railroad bridge over I-94 and install storm sewers near the freeway .
2 Why this weekend ?
Mike Pyritz , regional communication manager for the DOT , said this weekend 's work would have dragged on for months , and caused even more delays , if it were n't consolidated into such a short time .
`` We would n't schedule this if we did n't think we could do ( the work ) in just 54 hours , '' Pyritz said .
Meanwhile , he acknowledged that any weekend would cause a headache for Wisconsin riders .
But this weekend was chosen , he said , because it did n't coincide with any of the summer 's biggest events . Summerfest is finished , the State Fair is days away and the Brewers are in Washington , D.C .
Do n't hold your breath for a rescheduling : Pyritz said that would happen only in severe weather , and this weekend is supposed to be bright and sunny . Perfect gridlock weather !
3 How bad will these delays be ?
Pyritz estimated that about 90,000 drivers will be delayed over the weekend . He noted that this is not only the biggest planned closure of the summer , but also the largest in the first two years of the Zoo Interchange Project . ( But be warned now : The project is to continue into 2018 . )
Pyritz said drivers should expect to add at least five to 10 minutes to any trips near the freeway .
Even so , he said , `` there 's no reason to not go out and enjoy any events . ''
That should be a relief to anyone planning to feast at Festa Italiana , the annual Italian heritage festival , which runs Friday through Sunday .
Festa 's organizers said the closure wo n't have any effect on the festival , and released a brochure on alternate routes for visitors .
It should also be noted that northbound and southbound traffic on I-894/U.S . 45 will remain open the whole weekend .
4 . What about other places near the freeway ?
The delays inspired a brochure blast by organizations that are close to the closed-down road : The Milwaukee Regional Medical Center and the Milwaukee County Zoo also released information on alternate routes , and have no planned service changes .
Fear not for the Wisconsin State Fair , either : Pyritz said the construction will be done before the July 31 opening day .
The DOT also released its own suggestions for alternate routes along city streets , some of which might require a motorist Magellan to navigate . Check out the Journal Sentinel 's guide to bypassing the backed-up area .
5 . When will the traffic be worst ?
Probably on Saturday , between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m .
`` That 's when we usually see the most delays and the highest traffic counts on any weekend , '' Pyritz said . `` So that 's when we 're expecting the worst this time . ''
6 . What are local law enforcements doing to help ?
Officers from about 10 local law enforcements will be on hand to help the whole weekend , including the State Patrol and sheriff 's deputies from Milwaukee and Waukesha counties , according to Capt . Timothy Carnahan of the State Patrol in Waukesha .
`` There will be many people there to facilitate traffic and respond to any accidents , '' he said .
Carnahan also advised that , when drivers are nearing the area , they should turn down their iPods and instead tune into local radio stations for any updates on traffic flow .
Another bit of advice from Carnahan : `` If you can at all avoid the area , please do . ''
7 How can I stay informed ?
Check with jsonline.com and download our travel app for live updates . We also want to hear from you throughout the weekend with news , questions or complaints . Use the hashtag # I94zoo to give a dispatch on the delays .
Twitter : @ jaysunsilver
PearlAbyss announced that Black Desert Online for Xbox One X is playable at Gamescom 2017 . They also revealed that it will run at “ true 4K ” resolution , which should mean native 4K .
CEO Jung Kyungin said :
Related Watch_Dogs 3 To Launch This Year ; To Feature Gender Selection , Improved Parkour System – Rumor
We are very excited to reveal the first playable Xbox One X version of Black Desert at Gamescom and we are looking forward in welcoming the first adventurers to our console version , which will be playable in crisp , true 4K resolution .
The game is expected to be available on Xbox One at some point in early 2018 , according to the press release , which also provided an overview of Black Desert Online 's accomplishments so far .
Since its launch in Korea in December 2014 , Black Desert has been successfully serviced worldwide in Japan , Russia , North America , Europe and Taiwan . It has been purchased by over 1.5 million players in North America and Europe and was voted as the best MMORPG by MMORPG.com in 2016 .
New game footage captured Xbox One X version will be revealed for the first time through Mixer Gamescom Live on 22nd along with the interview with the Executive Producer to share more details about Black Desert on Xbox One .
We 've covered Black Desert Online several times on Wccftech . Chris reviewed the PC version a little over a year ago , rating it 8/10 and stating :
Black Desert Online is the most refreshingly unique MMO around . Introducing many new game mechanics and ways to play in a world that 's so exquisitely designed , with characters , building , monsters and even the weather all working together to make the best looking MMO to have ever been released , BDO is only really let down by the game 's unwillingness and/or inability to properly explain its mechanics . The post-launch updates have been great so far and there 's no reason to think the game wo n't keep improving .
TL Attack Returns : New Hosts , First Guest Text by TeamLiquid ESPORTS Graphics by Lip the Pencilboy After a long hiatus , we 're happy to announce that TL Attack is back . Hooray !
Time and Format
We 'll be running the show every other week with two hosts and a new guest each time . The show will air every other week starting Wednesday , Oct 03 7:00pm GMT ( GMT+00:00 ) . VODs will be made available quickly following the broadcast .
After exhaustive market research we 've determined that midday on Wednesdays is the best time for everyone to watch . But seriously it 's to accommodate the player and host schedules so we do n't conflict with tournaments and other important non-TL Attack things .
Here is a video of TL Horse ATTACKING a city , ESPORTSopolis , set to ominous music .
ATTACKING , Get it ? ?
New Hosts
We got a lot of complaints about our hosts overshadowing our guests the last few episodes of TL Attack so we decided that this time we 'll go with two regular hosts that do not have big outspoken personalities : EG.iNcontroL and ROOT.CatZ . We feel they 're the perfect duo to stay quiet and let the guests be the center of attention for the show .
ROOT.CatZ
EG.iNcontroL
First Episode and Guest
The first episode of the new TL Attack will be on Wednesday , Oct 03 7:00pm GMT ( GMT+00:00 ) . The first guest will be Liquid ` Sheth and we 'll be playing the Heart of the Swarm Beta , so get ready for some weird strategies and imbalanced units . It 's a pity there 's no warhound anymore , was really looking forward to our pro guests losing repeatedly to it . Additionally , we may play some Wings of Liberty , especially for certain ( cough Kulas Extreme ) custom maps .
Liquid ` Sheth
Do you want to play ?
OK so do you want to play against the special guest on the show , in front of potentially millions of tenths of hundreds of thousands of viewers ? Here 's your chance : create a cheerful in true TL Attack spirit using this template :
You can put anything you want on it , about any subject ( the players , host , show , TL , ESPORTS in general , etc ) and we 'll even show it on stream before you play your match . Just post your cheerful in this thread with your battle.net ID ( character + code ) and we 'll invite the winners during the show , so make sure to watch . We 'll also be selecting potential opponents for Sheth in the normal , random trivia way .
See you guys next Wednesday !
TeamLiquid Attack ! is a fun , casual event where a popular professional StarCraft 2 player plays custom 1v1s against community members . Typically , the player attempts creative or non-serious strategies while sharing friendly banter with the hosts . The show is a great way to get to know the personality of the popular player that might not normally be seen in serious ladder games or in tournaments .
Previous episodes of TL Attack can be found on
Thanks to Lip and We 'll be running the show every other week with two hosts and a new guest each time . The show will air every other week starting . VODs will be made available quickly following the broadcast.After exhaustive market research we 've determined that midday on Wednesdays is the best time for everyone to watch . But seriously it 's to accommodate the player and host schedules so we do n't conflict with tournaments and other important non-TL Attack things.We got a lot of complaints about our hosts overshadowing our guests the last few episodes of TL Attack so we decided that this time we 'll go with two regular hosts that do not have big outspoken personalities : and . We feel they 're the perfect duo to stay quiet and let the guests be the center of attention for the show.The first episode of the new TL Attack will be on . The first guest will beand we 'll be playing the Heart of the Swarm Beta , so get ready for some weird strategies and imbalanced units . It 's a pity there 's no warhound anymore , was really looking forward to our pro guests losing repeatedly to it . Additionally , we may play some Wings of Liberty , especially for certain ( cough Kulas Extreme ) custom maps.OK so do you want to play against the special guest on the show , in front of potentially millions of tenths of hundreds of thousands of viewers ? Here 's your chance : create a cheerful in true TL Attack spirit using this template : You can put anything you want on it , about any subject ( the players , host , show , TL , ESPORTS in general , etc ) and we 'll even show it on stream before you play your match . Just post your cheerful in this thread with your battle.net ID ( character + code ) and we 'll invite the winners during the show , so make sure to watch . We 'll also be selecting potential opponents for Sheth in the normal , random trivia way.See you guys next Wednesday ! is a fun , casual event where a popular professional StarCraft 2 player plays custom 1v1s against community members . Typically , the player attempts creative or non-serious strategies while sharing friendly banter with the hosts . The show is a great way to get to know the personality of the popular player that might not normally be seen in serious ladder games or in tournaments.Previous episodes of TL Attack can be found on TeamLiquid 's YouTube Channel , featuring guests like TLO , ThorZaIN , Naniwa , DongRaeGu , and CatZ.Thanks to Lip and Salon Alpin for the graphics .
There are one billion Roman Catholics worldwide , one billion people who are subject to the Pope 's authority . How , one might ask , did all of this happen ? The answer , I believe , is far more complex and untidy than Catholics have argued . First , I will give a brief explanation of what the Catholic position is , and then , second , I will suggest what I think actually took place .
The Catholic Explanation
The traditional Catholic understanding is that Jesus said that it was upon Peter the church was to be built ( Matt . 16:18−19 ; see also John 21:15−17 ; Luke 22:32 ) . Following this , Peter spent a quarter of a century in Rome as its founder and bishop , and his authority was recognized among the earliest churches ; this authority was handed down to his successors . Indeed , the Second Vatican Council ( 1962–65 ) re-affirmed this understanding . Apostolic authority has been handed on to the apostles ' successors even as Peter 's supreme apostolic power has been handed on to each of his successors in Rome .
The problem with this explanation , however , is that there is no evidence to sustain it . The best explanation of Matthew 16:18–19 is that the church will be built , not on an ecclesiastical position , but on Peter 's confession regarding Christ 's divinity . Correlative to this understanding is the fact that there is no biblical evidence to support the view that Peter spent a long time in the church in Rome as its leader . The Book of Acts is silent about this ; it is not to be found in Peter 's own letters ; and Paul makes no mention of it , which is strange if , indeed , Peter was in Rome early on since at the end of Paul 's letter to the Romans , he greets many people by name . And the argument that Peter 's authority was universally recognized among the early churches is contradicted by the facts . It is true that Irenaeus , in the second century , did say that the church was founded by “ the blessed apostles , ” Peter and Paul , as did Eusebius in the fourth century , and by the fifth century , Jerome did claim that it was founded by Peter whom he calls “ the prince of the apostles. ” However , on the other side of the equation are some contradictory facts . Ignatius , for example , en route to his martyrdom , wrote letters to the bishops of the dominant churches of the day , but he spoke of Rome 's prominence only in moral , not ecclesiastical , terms . At about the same time early in the second century , the Shepherd of Hermas , a small work written in Rome , spoke only of its “ rulers ” and “ the elders ” who presided over it . There was , apparently , no dominant bishop at that time . Not only so , but in the second and third centuries , there were numerous instances of church leaders resisting claims from leaders in Rome to ecclesiastical authority in settling disputes .
It is , in fact , more plausible to think that the emergence of the Roman pontiff to power and prominence happened by natural circumstance rather than divine appointment . This took place in two stages . First , it was the church in Rome that emerged to prominence and only then , as part of its eminence , did its leader begin to stand out . The Catholic church has inverted these facts by suggesting that apostolic power and authority , indeed , Peter 's preeminent power and authority , established the Roman bishop whereas , in fact , the Roman bishopric 's growing ecclesiastical prestige derived , not from Peter , but from the church in Rome .
The Actual Explanation
In the beginning , the church in Rome was just one church among many in the Roman empire but natural events conspired to change this . Jerusalem had been the original “ home base ” of the faith , but in a.d. 70 , the army of Titus destroyed it and that left Christianity without its center . It was not unnatural for people in the empire to begin to look to the church in Rome since this city was its political capital . All roads in that ancient world did , indeed , lead to Rome , and many of them , of course , were traveled by Christian missionaries . It is also the case that the Roman church , in the early centuries , developed a reputation for moral and doctrinal probity and , for these reasons , warranted respect . Its growing eminence , therefore , seems to have come about in part because it was warranted and also , in part , because it was able to bask in some of the reflected splendor of the imperial city .
Heresies had abounded from the start , but in the third-century , churches began to take up a new defensive posture against them . Would it not be the case , Tertullian argued , that churches founded by the apostles would have a secure footing for their claims to authenticity , in contrast to potentially heretical churches ? This argument buttressed the growing claims to preeminence of the Roman church . However , it is interesting to note that
in the middle of this century , Cyprian in North Africa argued that the words , “ You are Peter … ” were not a charter for the papacy but , in fact , applied to all bishops . Furthermore , at the third Council of Carthage in 256 , he asserted that the Roman bishop should not attempt to be a “ bishop of bishops ” and exercise “ tyrannical ” powers .
Already in the New Testament period , persecution was a reality , but in the centuries that followed , the church suffered intensely because of the animosities and apprehensions of successive emperors . In the fourth century , however , the unimaginable happened . Emperor Constantine , prior to a pivotal battle , saw a vision and turned to Christianity . The church , which had lived a lonely existence on the “ outside ” up to this time , now enjoyed an unexpected imperial embrace . As a result , from this point on , the distinction between appropriate ecclesiastical demeanor and worldly pretensions to pomp and power were increasingly lost . In the Middle Ages , the distinction disappeared entirely . In the sixth century , Pope Gregory brazenly exploited this by asserting that the “ care of the whole church ” had been placed in the hands of Peter and his successors in Rome . Yet even at this late date , such a claim did not pass unchallenged . Those in the east , whose center was in Constantinople , resented universal claims like this , and , in fact , this difference of opinion was never settled . In 1054 , after a series of disputes , the Great Schism between the eastern and western churches began . Eastern Orthodoxy began to go its own way , separated from Roman jurisdiction , and this remains a breach that has been mostly unhealed .
The pope 's emergence to a position of great power and authority was , then , long in the making . Just how far the popes had traveled away from New Testament ideas about church life was brutally exposed by Erasmus at the time of the Reformation . Pope Julius II had just died when , in 1517 , Erasmus penned his Julius Exclusus . He pictured this pope entering heaven where , to his amazement , he was not recognized by Peter ! Erasmus ' point was simply that the popes had become rich , pretentious , worldly , and everything but apostolic . However , he should have made his point even more radically . It was not just papal behavior that Peter would not have recognized as his own , but papal pretensions to universal authority as well .
3,000 Festivalgoers . 1 Sense of Gratitude .
Photos by Brittany NO FOMO : Courtesy of Gratitude Migration
Leave it up to New Yorkers to find that New Jersey beach you never heard of , in a town that goes unnoticed and bring reviving amounts of energy and life into each grain of its sand . With a quiet beach as its platform , the music and arts festival Gratitude Migration played on the playa landscape with offerings of yoga classes , educational workshops , music until the early mornings , unique vendors , fire performers , and interactive spaces . Awakening Keansburg was easy for this mostly Brooklyn-based crew who 's background includes , curating Burning Man theme camps seen yearly out in Nevada , DJing some of New York 's most artistic venues , and decorating global music festival stages with their art . All it takes is one fire spinner to blow the lid off what 's normal here .
Festivalgoers were encouraged to immerse themselves in all there was to witness and interact with over the course of the weekend , including the communal burn of an art structure ( another nod to Burning Man ) on Saturday night , with ambers of fire lightening up everyone 's smiles and New York 's skyline dazzling in the distance . With the Brooklyn art and music culture living only 10 miles across the water , we were reminded that anywhere our community goes , we bring the same life and energy with us to inspire others .
“ Our community ” is what Gratitude Migration is really all about – a space allowing each of the New York family members to shine their talents and share it with new friends that came from near and far to enjoy the spectacle .
An invitation…
Rhizome NY , Ali Macadoodle , Experience Incendia , and HM Pyrotechnics , create magical spaces with your art that you 've been visioning . Pendulum People , Brooklyn Gypsies , Worldtown Soundsystem , and others , perform on that stage the lyrics you tirelessly perfected in the wee hours of the morning . Cat Widdifield , Wolf Bukiet , Frank Hatsis , Evgeniya Radilova , and others of the Gratitude Fire Conclave , light up the sky with your fire dancing and excite the audience with an act of danger and curiosity . Tasha Blank , Anna Morgan , David Starfire , The Golden Pony , Dirty Looks , 2Melo , and more , DJ the mixes you 've been inspired to curate and waiting to share at the perfect moment . The Get Down members , grab that djembe and add the accents and flavor to liven up the beat .
Share your talents with us .
The passion and heart that was poured into creating Gratitude Migration permeated throughout every aspect and was genuinely felt by everyone . Even for newcomers to the scene , they could feel the sense of community that was the foundation of what made this festival a truly unique experience .
Over the weekend , we felt like we belonged to something greater than ourselves . We lived in the moment to take in all the beauty around us and truly felt a deep sense of appreciation for being able to say we were a part of it .
All the positive feels led us to ask those starry-eyed festival participants at Gratitude Migration…
“ What are you grateful ? ”
I 'm grateful to see more women up on these stages and stepping into their artist power . I 'm grateful to feel the respect from the Brotha 's who are supporting us through it . I 'm grateful to see 0 garbage walking around on this land that was chosen for our gathering . I 'm grateful for the openness of the people fully expressing themselves fearlessly . I 'm grateful for myself and my team for all the work we put into our music and performance to bring in a new wave in festival culture . – Nova Zef , performer , poet , & recording artist of Pendulum People
I 'm grateful for a space like this that fuels and allows me to have moments where I do n't have to think about anything . Time , technology and any degree of cultural expectation completely dissipates as I walk freely completely present in the moment . Gratitude is that home where I can go on a solo adventure and feel so supported in wherever it leads me . I can make eye contact with someone and partake in passionate kissing within minutes . Or dance for hours , losing sight of hunger , drowsiness or even my own body . When this level of untethered expression is welcomed , every single person is operating from their purest form , where we all exist as a community together that is filled with love , compassion and joy . And with that Gratitude Migration is the container for all that magic . – Jelena Aleksich , photographer and visionary behind The Confetti Project
I 'm grateful for humans . I 'm grateful for this amazing community around me . These people inspire me – they give me courage and strength , they open my eyes to new ideas . I 'm challenged , but in a positive , supported way . We continue to grow together , and do great things . – Ali Macadoodle , Artist behind Labyrinth of Light installation
“ I am grateful to be surrounded by others who are also appreciating life and this wonderful experience in the present moment . I am grateful to be sharing this beach with people who are inspired while simultaneously inspiring others… For all of the beauty and creativity that we have materialized on this beach. ” – Adam Siegel , Fire Performer & Dancer
I am grateful for the opportunity to walk on these two legs , from one end of the playa to the other , diving into every rabbithole adventure that crosses my path ! So often we take for granted our everyday tasks that others would kill to be able to do , like walking or talking without assistance . I 'd like to share one of my favorite quotes — “ rise up and walk ; none of your bones are broken. ” – Leah Oz , Festival-goer celebrating her birthday
I have gratitude for all the staff who let me play rock n roll till sunrise ! – David Pattillo of Strange Majik
I am grateful for all the love , life and freedom that Gratitude gives me . It is the perfect space to fully turn your brain off , re-shifting the focus to things that do matter – like connection , play and joy – instead of the technological day-to-day we 're used to . Gratitude Migration has that constant flow of natural energy that sparks and allows for the most pure and expressive part of ourselves to come out . Gratitude makes me who I want to be . Thank you Gratitude for letting us let our freak flags fly ! – Wendy Goldsmith , Festivalgoer who coordinated a friend camp
…I have never felt more creatively inspired in my life than I did over the course of this weekend . The positive vibrations coming from the crowd brought me into the greatest flow state of my life on Friday night . I want to express my extreme GRATITUDE for all the hearts that sent me all that light… I 'm grateful for all of the love that I drew upon from the droves of brilliant hearts to ride the lightning of our collective inspiration to channel fire magic into our lives . – John O'Mahoney aka The Glitter Viking
2/24/16 ( Photo : Artillery stationed at a Turkish army position near the Oncupinar crossing gate close to the town of Kilis , south central Turkey , fire towards the Syria ... ) Turkey Artillery Targeting Russian Advisers in Syria . Aaron Klein , Breitbart Jerusalem . `` Russia has called on international human rights organizations to appraise Turkish artillery shelling inside the Syria territory , denouncing as illegal Ankara 's military campaign in the crisis-hit Arab country . Russia 's Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov made the request in a statement released on Wednesday . `` Near-border settlements are shelled form large caliber artillery weapons from Turkish territory.… We request Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , Doctors Without Borders and other organizations to give their official assessment to these criminal actions of the Turkish armed forces , '' Konashenkov said . Over the past few days , Turkey has been shelling the positions of fighters of the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) and its affiliated Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) in the northern parts of Syria . http : //www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/02/24/452140/Russia-Syria-Turkey-Igor-Konashenkov
More options : Share , Mark as favorite
Image Credit : shutterstock
AEI 's Brad Wilcox has a new piece that looks at the connection between the safety of women and children and family structure . For instance , Wilcox points out , one study by the Department of Justice suggests “ married women are markedly less likely to be the victims of intimate partner violence than are single women and women living in ‘ other household ' arrangements. ” While another DOJ study found “ that never-married women are almost four times more likely to be victims of violent crime , compared to married women. ” So both inside and outside the home , married women appear to be generally safer .
Wilcox also looks at data from Nicholas Zill ( originally gathered from the 2011-12 National Survey of Children 's Health ) , which shows domestic violence is a great deal lower in families “ headed by intact , married parents. ” Below is a chart that shows , by family structure , the differences in “ the odds that parents reported that their child had ever seen or heard ‘ any parents , guardians , or any other adults in the home slap , hit , kick , punch , or beat each other up . ' ” This is after adjusting for “ differences in the sex , age , and race or ethnicity of the child , as well as family income , poverty status , and parent education . ”
Zill finds that homes headed by never-married , separated , or divorced mothers are about five times more likely to expose children to domestic violence , compared to homes headed by married , biological parents . What 's more : family structure outweighs education , income , and race in predicting the odds that children witness domestic violence in the home .
Of course the DOJ studies and 2011-12 National Survey of Children 's Health are not completely comparable , as one focuses on women and one on children , and the survey data controls for the variables of education , income , race , and so forth . However , both indicate that there is a relationship between marital status and violence .
Wilcox concludes :
We can speculate about the precise mechanisms—is it the commitment , the stability , the mutual support , the kinship ties , or the sexual fidelity marriage fosters more than its alternatives ? —that accounts for this empirical link . But what should be clear to analysts willing to follow the data wherever it leads is this : a healthy marriage seems to matter more than money when it comes to minimizing the scourge of domestic violence in American families .
Follow AEIdeas on Twitter at @ AEIdeas , and Natalie Scholl at @ Natalie_Scholl .
This triangulated exchange is fleeting and subtle , and the outcome is always the same . Defenders of animal rights come off as naive to the ways of the world . It 's as if , living in some sort of protective bubble ( or , in my case , ivory tower ) , we simply do n't grasp the harsh realities of farming , nature , or life . But sustainable farmers with animal blood on their hands somehow become hardworking servants to a noble cause , rugged stewards dedicated to the humanitarian and environmental demands of the elite palate . I 'm never sure exactly how it happens , but the upshot of this exchange blindsides me every time : killing the animal is transformed from an avoidable tragedy into a badge of honor .
It 's difficult to imagine any other issue where such a basic sense of right and wrong is so thoroughly perverted . But when it comes to slaughtering animals , even animals raised under the strictest welfare standards , a twisted ethical logic prevails . Killing a sentient being becomes a common good celebrated by food writers and environmentalists in glossy and well-respected publications . But trying to prevent that killing , something vegans and animal rights activists throughout the world do every day ( with minimal recognition ) , is deemed a violation of nature and consumer choice , if not just an all-out massive bummer .
Contradiction on this issue is breezily , almost comically , tolerated . For example , as I recently learned on a panel in New York , it 's possible for a small pig farm to `` finish '' over 600 pigs a year while assuring consumers willing to spend big bucks on pork chops that `` we will not allow an animal to suffer needlessly . '' Huh ?
Is there a viable explanation for this carnival of ethics ?
One might begin by examining the powerful appeal that `` nature '' has for so many conscientious consumers . Confined animal feeding operations ( CAFOs ) are rightly understood to be a cruel distortion of nature , a blunt interruption of organic ecological processes undertaken to satisfy human greed for cheap flesh . Because CAFOs are now accurately understood to be the essence of evil ( due to the passionate work of writers such as Michael Pollan and Tom Philpott ) , farmers who raise animals under free-range conditions are automatically seen to offer a fundamentally different option . Indeed , in loosening the reigns of confinement , free-range farmers come off as embracing the virtues of nature while rejecting the cold efficiency of industrialization .
For consumers willing to pay more for pastured meat , this is a guilt-absolving distinction . We 've imbued `` natural food '' with such virtuous connotations that meat supposedly raised according to the law of nature is , ipso facto , thought to be an ethically worthwhile choice . It 's on this basis , I believe , that many morally concerned meat eaters justify purchasing meat from small , free-range animal farms . If it 's raised naturally , so it goes , what 's the problem ? Not incidentally , the marketing imagery that often accompanies free-range meat is hardcore agricultural pornography , snapshots of agrarian glory that titillate , inspire , and suppress judgment .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC 's Adam Brookes : `` This is an extraordinary fall from grace for Petraeus ''
CIA director David Petraeus has resigned from his post , admitting he had an extramarital affair .
In a statement , Mr Petraeus described his behaviour as `` unacceptable '' for the leader of the nation 's main intelligence agency .
Unnamed officials said Mr Petraeus conducted the affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell .
Mr Petraeus became CIA boss in 2011 after heading international forces in Iraq and later in Afghanistan .
Image copyright AP Image caption Paula Broadwell graduated from the same West Point academy as Mr Petraeus
He was the highest-profile military officer of the post-9/11 years , winning plaudits for his role running the `` surge '' in Iraq and implementing a counter-insurgency strategy in Afghanistan .
He left his command role in Afghanistan in mid-2011 , resigning from the US Army to head the CIA after Leon Panetta became defence secretary .
'Extremely poor judgment '
Shortly after Mr Petraeus resigned , reports emerged that the FBI had uncovered the affair during the course of an investigation into Mrs Broadwell .
The FBI was monitoring Mr Petraeus ' email account to check whether Mrs Broadwell had access to it , administration officials were quoted as saying by the Associated Press .
Mr Petraeus ' resignation came just three days after President Barack Obama 's re-election , and prompted a flurry of statements from the White House , intelligence community and Mr Petraeus himself .
By any measure , through his lifetime of service David Petraeus has made our country safer and stronger Barack Obama , US President
Announcing his decision to stand down , the former general was full of contrition .
`` After being married for over 37 years , I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair , '' Mr Petraeus said in a statement .
`` Such behaviour is unacceptable , both as a husband and as the leader of an organisation such as ours . This afternoon , the president graciously accepted my resignation . ''
Mrs Broadwell is a Harvard University research associate and PhD candidate at King 's College , London .
She has a military background , graduating from the same West Point Academy as Mr Petraeus . She is married to radiologist Scott Broadwell and lives in Charlotte , North Carolina .
She spent months embedded alongside the then-general in Afghanistan while researching her 2011 book , All In : The Education of General David Petraeus . The book was widely seen as a positive account of his leadership methods .
Last week Mrs Broadwell wrote a piece for Newsweek entitled General David Petraeus 's Rules for Living .
Obama praise
Mr Obama 's statement said Mr Petraeus had `` provided extraordinary service to the United States for decades '' , citing both his time as CIA director and service to the military .
Image copyright Getty Images In Pictures : David Petraeus ' career
`` By any measure , through his lifetime of service David Petraeus has made our country safer and stronger . ''
`` Going forward , my thoughts and prayers are with Dave and Holly Petraeus , who has done so much to help military families through her own work . ''
Senior Obama advisor David Axelrod said the president had not known about the Petraeus issue during the campaign , and that the former general had come to Mr Obama after the election to offer his resignation .
James Clapper , director of national intelligence , thanked Mr Petraeus for his decades of service : `` Dave 's decision to step down represents the loss of one of our nation 's most respected public servants .
`` I have spent more than five decades serving our country - in uniform and out - and of all the exceptional men and women I have worked with over the years , I can honestly say that Dave Petraeus stands out as one of our nation 's great patriots . ''
David Petraeus : Career highlights Graduated from West Point in 1974
Commander of Multinational Force Iraq , Feb 2007 to Sept 2008
Commander of International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) in Afghanistan , July 2010 to July 2011
Became CIA director in Sept 2011 after being confirmed by the senate 94-0
CIA deputy director Michael Morell will serve as acting director of the agency , the White House confirmed . Eventually Mr Obama must nominate a new director to head the agency , who will then need to be confirmed by the Senate .
Mr Morell , who is well respected at both the White House and on Capitol Hill , also served as acting director following the departure of former CIA chief Leon Panetta .
He is expected to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee at a hearing scheduled for next week on the deaths of US personnel in Benghazi , Libya .
The CIA faces a potential period of instability after Mr Petraeus ' resignation , as it also deals with a budget squeeze and questions over its response to the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi .
On Monday night on CBS , millions of loyal “ How I Met Your Mother ” viewers were rewarded with the answer to a question that they have pondered for eight seasons : Who is the mother ? In the final scene of the episode , it was revealed , when Chuck Tatham moved out of the way , that the mother was the Tony-nominated Broadway star Cristin Milioti .
It was certainly exciting to find out who the mother is , but , more to the point , who is Chuck Tatham ?
Chuck Tatham is a gifted , humble writer-producer on “ How I Met Your Mother . ”
Chuck was onscreen for less than a second , but this was a crucial role . How did he get the part ?
Chuck assumed he was awarded the role because he 's telegenic and radiates charm . Chuck has since learned that he was chosen because he has a physique like Lurch , and thus effectively hid Ms. Milioti until the reveal .
Why did n't Chuck have any dialogue ?
God knows . Chuck wrote himself pages of clever witticisms , none of which were used .
Did Chuck 's character have a backstory ?
Yes . The scene was at the ticket booth of a New York train station , so Chuck imagined himself a weary urologist , heading home to New Canaan after a long day of saving lives at the Mount Sinai Medical Center . But when it was decided that Chuck would receive a map from the ticket taker , it seemed illogical to Chuck that a commuter urologist who takes the train every day would need a map . The consummate professional , Chuck quickly transformed his character into a disoriented drifter , a fact that is obvious from his performance .
How long was Chuck in makeup ?
Chuck did not wear makeup . However , as the shoot progressed and Chuck began to sweat like Sarah Palin at a spelling bee , the makeup people repeatedly wiped his face .
What about Chuck 's hair ? Who was his stylist ?
Chuck 's hair was not styled . In fact , unaware that he was going to appear on national television in a scene that will be replayed on the Internet for the rest of time , Chuck cut his own bangs two days before the shoot because he did n't have time to go to Supercuts .
Are there any trivia we should know about Chuck 's performance ?
Trivia Tidbit No . 1 : Chuck wore his own brown Brooks Brothers coat in the scene . Brooks Brothers is known for quality clothing and generosity toward people who mention Brooks Brothers favorably in a newspaper article .
Trivia Tidbit No . 2 : Chuck wears a size 46 tall jacket and needs socks .
Where does Chuck Tatham 's acting career go from here ?
The sky 's the limit . But Chuck wants the entertainment community to know that he offers a lot more than merely being a big guy who can move out of the way and reveal people . Chuck can also reveal art work , furniture , pets , the Chrysler Building—whatever the role requires .
Now that he 's a star , will Chuck make himself available to the press ?
No . Chuck Tatham is not in the business of self-promotion .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man arrested during an anti-fracking protest plans to sue Greater Manchester Police - claiming video footage shows an officer lying to detain him on 'trumped-up ' charges .
Dr Steven Peers , who was filming the demonstration at Barton Moss in Salford , was arrested for refusing a breath test after the policeman accused him of driving to the site drunk .
He was later charged by GMP but the case fell apart at court when prosecutors offered no evidence .
Watch the clip here ( full clip lower down the article )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A video that Dr Peers took of his arrest appears to show him being pushed to the floor by one officer as he films a protester being detained .
A second policeman , Sgt David Kehoe , then attempts to lead Dr Peers away from the scene on Barton Moss Road before accusing him of drinking and driving to the protest site .
Dr Peers denies he has drunk alcohol , saying : `` No I 've not . I 've had tea . ''
But moments later , as more officers gather round , Sgt Kehoe says : `` You 've had a drink this morning . Where 's your car ... You 've just said to me you 've had two drinks . ''
The policeman then asks two other officers to breathalyse Dr Peers , who refuses to consent to the test , saying he is a pedestrian on a public footpath .
Father-of-four Dr Peers was then arrested and charged with failing to provide a specimen of breath but the Crown Prosecution Service decided there was insufficient evidence for a conviction so withdrew the case at the first hearing at Manchester and Salford Magistrates ' Court .
Watch the full video as it was uploaded to YouTube by the protesters here .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Dr Peers , an electrical engineer with a doctorate in metaphysical sciences , told the M.E.N . he now plans to bring a civil claim against GMP for wrongful arrest , false imprisonment and assault .
The 46-year-old , who lives in New Moston , has made a formal complaint to GMP about the incident and the force 's professional standards branch is now investigating .
Dr Peers said : `` It was a ridiculous , trumped-up charge . He wanted me arrested to take my video camera away .
`` He told blatant lies . He was perverting the course of justice .
`` I was shocked that he would do that on camera .
`` When officers go well beyond the course of their duties and fabricate evidence , they should be removed . You 've got to have some standards in the police . ''
Campaigners have been camping out at Barton Moss for the past three months , protesting against drilling being carried out by iGas to explore the potential reserves of shale gas below the surface of the earth .
Dr Peers , who said he is not an anti-fracking protester but goes to the site to document the demonstration , told us he had not drunk alcohol on the morning he was arrested - January 14 - and added he had not arrived at 'Camp Barton ' in his car as he had stayed there the previous night .
His video of the arrest has had more than 100,000 views on YouTube since it was posted five days ago .
A GMP spokeswoman said : `` Greater Manchester Police have received a complaint about this video which officers from the Professional Standards Branch are investigating . ''
Last week we reported how more than 100 people had been arrested during the protests - with more arrests being made on a daily basis .
It is understood police believe many people are arriving at the site from outside of Greater Manchester not to protest against fracking but to antagonise officers .
More news from the Manchester Evening News
Find out what 's happening where you live with our In Your Area section
Read the Manchester Evening News on your phone - download the Apple MEN App here and the Android MEN App here - and get the paper as an e-edition every morning by subscribing here
`` Merry Christmas , Mr. President , '' hissed the men in cloaks as they plunged a dagger into George Bush 's back .
America 's spooks finally had their revenge . After being forced by the White House in 2002-03 to concoct a farrago of lies about Iraq , and then take the blame for the ensuing fiasco there , the 16 U.S. intelligence agencies struck back this week .
U.S. intelligence chief Mike McConnell made public a bombshell National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) report that concluded `` with high confidence '' Tehran had halted its rudimentary nuclear weapons program in 2003 .
If restarted , Iran is unlikely to produce any weapons before 2015 .
The new NIE is a devastating , humiliating blow to Bush , Dick Cheney and the neocons who have been fulminating for war against Iran . Only two months ago , Bush warned Americans that Iran 's secret nuclear program threatened to ignite World War III .
A 2005 NIE report that billed Iran as a major nuclear threat was based on fabricated evidence supplied to the CIA , just like the bogus Niger uranium story used to justify war against Iraq . Who , one wonders , is behind this disinformation ?
Bush was given the new NIE on Iran last August . But for the past four months , Bush , Cheney and Condoleezza Rice have been beating the war drums over Iran when their own massed intelligence agencies have been telling them there was no danger from that country . The White House hid its own intelligence community 's findings from the public until the spooks threatened to leak the report .
AHMADINEJAD TRUTHFUL
Ironically , Iran 's leader , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , was telling the truth all along when he said Iran was not working on nuclear arms , while Bush & Company were lying through their teeth , just as they have over Iraq and Afghanistan .
This column has been reporting for two years the growing opposition at the CIA , the Pentagon , and the State Department to Bush/Cheney 's plans to launch a war against Iran . I repeatedly heard the term `` fifth column '' used to describe the fanatical neocon ideologues pressing America into a second Mideast war .
Now , America 's national security community is telling the White House to cease and desist before it drags the nation into another foreign catastrophe . While not a coup as in `` Seven Days in May , '' it was the next closest thing .
At the heart of this drama lies the disturbing fact that Bush/Cheney & Co. were simply ignoring their own $ 40-billion-plus-a-year intelligence community .
TRY ANOTHER SOURCE
When the White House did n't get the answers it wanted on Iran , it turned to Israel , whose renowned intelligence agency , Mossad , became a primary source . Mossad still insists Iran will have a nuclear bomb by 2008 .
Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak declared the NIE report a `` blow to the groin . '' Israel has been straining every sinew to get the U.S. to destroy Iran 's growing nuclear infrastructure . Whether Israel , which has a large nuclear arsenal , will attack Iran on its own is uncertain .
This is the final disgrace for Bush & Cheney . Their war propaganda and efforts to suppress the new NIE should constitute grounds for immediate impeachment .
If Bill Clinton could be impeached for lying about oral sex , should n't Bush and Cheney face trial for attempting to lie and deceive Americans into yet another war of aggression ? Alas , Congress , many of whose members also have been howling for war against Iran , lacks the guts for such action .
CONFIRMED
America 's intelligence has been lousy in the past , and might be wrong again . But UN nuclear inspectors confirm the U.S. findings .
So does SVR , Russia 's intelligence agency . Iran 's civilian nuclear power program eventually could produce highly enriched uranium for weapons , but there is no sign of Iran developing any long-range delivery capability .
The NIE is likely to release Iran from U.S.-imposed isolation , and undermine the anti-Iran coalition the U.S. was assembling .
It should put the kibosh on Bush 's idiotic plans for an anti-missile system in Poland and the Czech Republic . Sanity is slowly returning to Washington .
_______
About author Eric Margolis 's web site is Eric Margolis 's web site is ericmargolis.com
After the Democratic Party and the Republican Party , the Vermont Progressive Party has the highest number of seats among State and National offices for any organized party .
The Progressives received 9,470 votes ( 2.96 % of the vote ) in the 2010 Vermont House of Representatives elections and five seats , compared to the Democrats ' 55.11 % and 96 seats and the Republicans ' 38.04 % of the vote and 46 seats . Independents received 3.81 % and three seats . As of 2019 , the Party has 2 members of the Vermont Senate and 7 members of the Vermont House of Representatives . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
The Vermont Progressive Party is a political party in the United States founded in 1999 and active only in the state of Vermont . The party is largely social democratic and progressive .
Formation Edit
The Vermont Progressive Party originated in the early 1980s with the successful independent campaigns of Bernie Sanders for mayor of Burlington ( prior to being elected mayor Sanders was a leader in the Vermont Liberty Union Party ) . Sanders , who was later elected to the House of Representatives [ 4 ] and subsequently to the Senate [ 5 ] , and who co-founded the Congressional Progressive Caucus , never officially associated himself with the Progressive Party due to the fact it was only organized at the state level and not nationally , although the Progressives were among his biggest supporters . A group of Sanders ' supporters as well as former members of the dissolved Citizens Party organized themselves as the Progressive Coalition during his final term as mayor to contest further elections . [ 6 ]
Early coalition successes Edit
Progressives started running for the Burlington City Council and getting elected from the poor , student , and middle-class areas of Burlington . They cleaned up the waterfront , which had been left trashed by industry , started citywide recycling , and established a public/private partnership with a land trust to make low- and moderate-income rental and home ownership available . The Progressive administration started a women 's small business technical assistance program and an affirmative action ordinance for the awarding of city contracts . The city-owned public electric utility created nationally recognized efficiency programs , developed a wood-burning electric facility and provides Burlington residents with the lowest electric rates in the state . [ 7 ]
Progressive Peter A. Clavelle was elected Mayor of Burlington in 1989 and served seven terms . After winning his first term , he remained in office until 1993 when he lost his re-election bid after giving domestic partners of city employees full benefits . Clavelle returned to the mayors office two years later in 1995 , continuing to hold the position until 2006 , being succeeded by Progressive State Rep Bob Kiss .
The coalition succeeded in electing several members , including Terry Bouricius in 1990 , to the Vermont General Assembly ; and after establishing a stable political base , formally became the Progressive Party in 1999 . [ 8 ]
Major state party Edit
While the party has traditionally focused on state races , it nominated Ralph Nader for President and Winona LaDuke for Vice President in 2000 . [ 9 ] In the 2004 elections , the party picked up three new seats and then had five representatives in the Vermont House of Representatives . [ 10 ]
In the run up to the Senate election in 2006 , there were pressures from numerous Democratic politicians to convince the Progressive Party not to run a candidate for Vermont 's sole seat in the House in exchange for Democratic support for Bernie Sanders in the Senate race . The party 's chairman Anthony Pollina told the press his party was not going to make deals . David Zuckerman , a Progressive Party member of the state House of Representatives and Chair of the House Agriculture committee , was planning to run for Vermont 's House seat . However , Zuckerman canceled his bid for Congress in early 2006 , leaving the race open to Democrat Peter Welch , who won the election .
In the Burlington mayoral election on March 7 , 2006 , voters chose Progressive Bob Kiss , a three-term member of the state House of Representatives , over opponents Hinda Miller ( Democrat ) and Kevin Curley ( Republican ) . He was reelected to a second term in 2009 .
By the 2012 elections the party had several members of the legislature and a candidate elected to statewide office , as well as dozens of local office holders around the state .
It 's another election season in Texas . Another year that we 're on track to maintain the nation 's most dismal voter turnout .
One difference this year is that voters are now required to present photo ID at the polls , the result of Republican-authored legislation ostensibly to deal with the diminishingly small number of voter fraud cases . It 's difficult to say what effect the voter ID requirement is having , though even some Republican state officials apparently knew that more than half a million registered Texas voters—disproportionately Hispanic and African American—lacked the credentials to cast ballots but did n't bother to tell lawmakers .
One thing is certain : Very , very few Texans have gotten election identification certificates ( EIC ) , the new state-issued form of photo ID for those who do n't have it—340 Texans , to be precise .
That 's less than two thousandths of a percent of Texas ' voting age population . That 's only a little more than one EIC for each of Texas ' 254 counties . And many counties have n't had a single citizen obtain an EIC . Another way to slice the numbers : There are more licensed auctioneers ( 2,454 ) in Texas than there are people with EICs—more than seven times as many in fact . In Harris County , with more than 4.3 million people , a poverty rate of 18 percent and 70 percent people of color , there are 186 licensed auctioneers but just 21 EICs . There are more licenses for boxing judges in Lubbock County ( 4 ) than there are voters with EICs ( 3 ) . There are more licensed elevator inspectors in Dallas County ( 35 ) than voters with EICs ( 28 ) . And so on… .
“ It 's heartbreaking , ” said Myrna Perez , deputy director of the voting rights project at the Brennan Center for Justice . “ The information about the EIC has been dreadful . Nobody knows about it . ”
There 's also the issue of cost and convenience . An estimated 400,000 eligible voters face round trips of three hours or more to get a photo ID from a Texas Department of Public Safety office , a fact noted by Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in her stern dissent from a recent ruling leaving Texas ' ID requirement in place for this election . Most people will need a birth certificate to get an EIC , which can be costly and time-consuming to obtain . And an EIC really comes into use a few times a year at most .
“ You ca n't use the EIC for anything other than voting , ” Perez said . “ It 's a pain in the neck to get and then you ca n't use it for anything else . ”
It 's possible that folks were able to obtain another of the seven approved forms of photo ID . DPS reports that it has received 1,850 inquiries about voter ID and “ many of the individuals ” already had the photo ID they needed to vote . But it seems much more likely that the paltry number of EICs so far means that significant numbers of people who would otherwise be voting , simply are n't .
With so few EICs issued it 's hard to see any particular patterns in this geographic breakdown . Hidalgo County , one of the poorest and most Hispanic-heavy parts of the state , leads with a whopping 41 EICs . The other big urban counties share double-digit numbers of EICs , whereas rural counties show just a handful apiece—or none . According to DPS ' data , three quarters of all Texas counties—190—did n't report a single EIC .
Early in Denis Johnson 's ninth novel , The Laughing Monsters , protagonist Roland Nair describes the odor of disinfectant in an African hotel room as assuring guests , “ ‘ all that you fear , we have killed . ' ” As the recent Ebola panic has reaffirmed , few places are more fraught with dread in the Western imagination than this continental hot zone , a screen onto which the developed world 's most chronic apprehensions and misapprehensions are projected .
Africa in this gripping , demented novel is the ultimate “ unknown unknown ” of Rumsfeldian reckoning , teeming with the most virulent strains of viruses and extremism . Yet it 's also a theater of operations where the Chinese are pursuing strategic advantage and the full might of the U.S. intelligence machine has been mobilized to pursue shadows — as often as not its own .
Seven years after taking on military intelligence in the National Book Award-winning novel Tree of Smoke , Johnson returns to the subject once again . But The Laughing Monsters is a much slighter affair , a fizzy alcopop compared to that kaleidoscopic work 's dark , bitter brew . Still , it leaves a poisonous aftertaste and grapples with existential queries far above its pay grade — questions of grace , theodicy , and unknowability .
Leave it to Johnson , variously hailed as a visionary in the Blakean mold and a “ junkyard angel , ” to twist the slender frame of the “ spy thriller ” into a shape that can bear such hefty cosmic freight . Indeed , much of the novel 's charm lies in its disregard for the limitations of the genre . By breaking all the rules , The Laughing Monsters becomes something new — a seriocomic spy novel that 's both timely and universal .
Just as the novel is no conventional thriller , Nair is no conventional international man of mystery . He 's a crazy patchwork of identities , divided loyalties , and conflicts of interest , a spook expert in laying fiber-optic communication cables whoare also dabbled in drugs and diamonds . Equal parts dissipated opportunist and vulnerable coward , he 's inflamed above all with a lust for “ cheap adventure , ” whoring and buccaneering his way across the continent .
The book opens with his arrival in Freetown , Sierra Leone , where he 's arranged to meet his friend and erstwhile partner in crime , Michael Adriko , for unspecified but likely ignoble reasons . A war orphan turned U.S. black-ops commando , Adriko is a winning , exuberant shyster , nonchalantly lethal and constitutionally incapable of straight answers . He and Nair scored big here in the wake of 9/11 , and have returned in hopes of “ exploiting the riches of this continent. ” While Nair is ostensibly doing the bidding of NATO intelligence , he 's also selling state secrets , an act of treason involving the unwitting complicity of his fiancée .
Adriko has plans of his own . His cover story is that he 's come back to marry his fiancée in the Congo . There 's also a scheme afoot to peddle precious material in Uganda — not diamonds or gold , but uranium , the ne plus ultra of mythological anxieties in this age of global terror .
This being Africa — and a Johnson novel , no less — things rapidly fall apart . Nair drinks himself into raptures , whores with unprotected abandon , muses on the maddening idiosyncrasies of the continent , has looping , antic conversations with a psychologically unraveling Adriko , and falls into the throes of an ill-considered , all-consuming passion for Adriko 's fiancée . While Tree of Smoke described a slow , tortuous spiral from idealism into disillusion and criminality , The Laughing Monsters is a zipline that starts off in amorality and zooms straight into the maw of hell .
And yet it 's all great fun , as the characters haplessly careen through a jumble of tribal affiliations and enmities , languages and creeds , ghosts and legends , made all the more incoherent by the legacy of colonial meddling . Nothing in the setting evades Johnson 's anthropological gaze : not the clocks without hour hands , the slogans on the “ huge devouring face ( s ) of the oncoming truck ( s ) , ” nor the 100 milliliter pocket-sized pouches in which liquor is sold . It 's a place of constant power outages , where the population is strung along on the empty promise of American-style consumer culture and a listless fatalism rules the roads , with traffic playing a game of vehicular Russian roulette “ as if some superstition required it . ”
Though it leavens the horror , the manic , cavalier tone in which the madness is catalogued rings the odd off-note . On the other hand , Johnson 's vision is n't easy to dismiss as smug postcolonial rubbernecking . Having traveled widely in West Africa during the early '90s , chronicling the Liberian civil war for Esquire and The New Yorker in all its phantasmagoric brutality — cannibalism , televised tortures and executions of heads of state , addled guerillas in blonde glamour wigs and orange floatation vests supposedly endowed with the talismanic power to stop bullets — Johnson knows of what he speaks .
His Africa is a nightmare you can no more wake up from than you can look away from , in part because its nightmarishness so precisely mirrors what outsiders have done , and continue to do , to it . Though the horrors of imperialism have given way to the lesser evils of corporate plundering and western military adventurism , the result is no less toxic : a witch 's brew of political instability and rage that breeds terrorism as surely as oil spills lead to cancer . Adriko and Nair collide head-on with this vicious circle when they bog down in the Congo , their jeep swallowed by a blood-red gumbo that 's an obvious metaphor for many a recent U.S. quagmire . Later , they come face to face with the monster the developed world 's depredations have unleashed , finding themselves in the middle of a hallucinatory uprising in a stretch of the Congolese bush devastated by oil and mining operations .
For all its apparent chaos , imperviousness to reason , and resemblance to a bad trip , however , Africa as it 's depicted in The Laughing Monsters is no match for the magical thinking and folly of the U.S. intelligence apparatus .
One of the book 's chief delights lies in the way Johnson combines a satirist 's eye for absurdity with a completist 's mastery of trade craft — the gadgetry , the jargon , the cat-and-mouse of interrogation , the cagey posturing of officialdom — to paint a withering picture of the post-9/11 intelligence complex . This is the bloated , hydra-headed monstrosity of neocon dreams , “ an expanded version of the old Great Game , ” waging a disinformation campaign against its own people in a bid to impose the Manichean certitudes of the Cold War on a much murkier geopolitical reality . It gins up boogeymen only to get entangled in its own lies . Everyone knows it , but no one cares because everyone is getting rich . As one U.S. official admits , “ Since nine-eleven , chasing myths and fairy tales has turned into a serious business . An industry . A lucrative one . ”
Nair characterizes this state of affairs as “ poker-faced , soft-spoken pandemonium. ” That word , “ pandemonium , ” with its demonic etymology , is a telling one . Johnson , a self-identified Christian writer , ever alert to parallels between the political and the religious , likens the intelligence complex to a kind of false god or demiurge that casts a spell of collective madness on the populace .
All of this is narrated at an unflagging , headlong , and often disorienting clip . Though Johnson 's prose is more pared down here than in earlier novels , a current of lyrical transcendentalism runs through even the ghastliest circumstances . Beggars seem to “ look through your own eyes and down your throat. ” A drunk man is described as “ speaking in tongues , his feet did n't touch the floor , he was just being lugged around by his smile . ”
Such verbal flourishes are not the stock stuff of spy novels , and Johnson seems content to dispense with the realism typical of the genre in favor of a pervasive , magic-drenched atmosphere of disorientation , one that captures the whirl of the African continent . The same dervishing aesthetic carries over to the novel 's structure , which juggles first-person narration , journal entries , and letters . For the most part , Johnson is dexterous enough to handle this intertextual game gracefully . But occasionally , the story vaults forward and then has to back and fill , generating a befuddling kind of whiplash .
In the end , though , neither the novel 's eccentricities of structure , nor an outlandish climactic showdown that pulls more symbolic than narrative weight , are enough to sink this unhinged foray into the heart of darkness . Though by no means a major work , The Laughing Monsters is a deceptively ambitious novel , straining toward — and sometimes achieving — transcendence . Along the way , Johnson shows that , when it comes to killing our fear of Africa , disinfectants and covert operations might have the wrong foe in their sights . As Nair says , “ there 's always something more to be rid of . Something inside . ”
Photo by mosespreciado on Flickr
PETA named Los Angeles the country 's third most vegan-friendly city , coming in behind the winner in Austin and the runner-up in Portland . Surprisingly our alternative counterparts in SF did n't even make the top 10 .
L.A. is home to PETA 's Bob Barker Building in Echo Park , which is right outside one of our great vegan-friendly eateries , Mohawk Bend . Our school district has adopted Meatless Mondays , as did our City Council .
There are also plenty of all-vegan chain restaurants overtaking the L.A. , including Real Food Daily , Native Foods Café , and Veggie Grill . And there 's finally an upscale option for vegans , Crossroads , where Tal Ronnen takes meat-free eating to more refined levels .
That 's not to say things are all stuffy here . There really are options for all occasions , even one of our favorite times of the day , happy hour .
Says PETA :
Los Angeles is not short on happy-hour destinations for the vegan professional looking to throw back a beer after a long day . Mohawk Bend , Tony 's Darts Away , and the Pub at Golden Road Brewing all offer a wide selection of fresh , local vegan craft beer as well as food , including buffalo cauliflower , hearts of palm `` crabcakes , '' and vegan apple sage sausage . Not surprisingly , the Southland is home to the annual Vegan Beer and Food Festival .
Cheers to that .
Related :
The Best Vegetarian Restaurants in Los Angeles
How to Eat Clean for Earth Day
Chatbots have an incredible potential . Yet , for bots to be efficient , they must integrate and exchange data with existing services and processes .
The ability to fetch data from external API allows for more complex use case that a simple Q and A logic . Moreover , this ability combined with NLP offers even more opportunities .
For instance , Sato – the cryptobot we 'll be building today , is able to recognize all cryptocurrencies , even those not even listed yet . I wo n't have to do anything for him to be able to process queries on crypto appearing even years from now , because Sato , deep-down , understood what a cryptocurrency symbol is ( after being fed with thousands of them ) .
WHAT ARE WE BUILDING TODAY ?
By the end of this tutorial , we will have a bot able to fetch data from a third party API depending on what our users input , and reply to them with the value fetched . Here 's the end-result of what we 'll build today : a cryptobot aka a chatbot able to fetch any cryptocurrency price .
In a rush ? Here is all you need to build your own :
Need to see it to believe it ? That 's wise !
Or if you would rather understand how it was made , go through with the tutorial .
I/ BUILD THE BASE OF YOUR BOT : CHOOSE YOUR PATH
The goal today is to build bot able to recognize a question about pricing on any cryptocurrency . Let your imagination flow , it could be really anything there is involving data available on third party APIs .
Before we dive in the tutorial , let me give you some information on how Sato works .
MEET SATO , THE CRYPTOBOT
Sato is a bot made to answer basic questions about cryptocurrencies and fetch their prices . Here 's an overview of what he can do :
cryptocompare API Fecth cryptocurrencies prices ( what we 'll build today ) : Sato recognizes cryptocurrencies symbol ( “ ETH ” , “ BTC ” ) and fetch their price onto finally return BTC and USD value to the user . Answer the users ' questions about wallets – online wallets , exchange wallets , cold wallets and hardware wallets . Address questions about private and public keys as well as the security of cryptocurrencies . Briefly present the main cryptocurrencies , currently BTC , ETH , BCH and LTC .
INSIDE SATO , CRYPTOBOT
Today , we 'll focus on the skill fetching the crypto prices , as it requires an external API call . Essentially , Sato needs three things to be able to detect a question about crypto price and return the value asked :
Firstly , he needs an intent ( @ crypto_price ) with diverse expressions and cryptocurrencies mentioned , so he can efficiently recognize these questions . Here are some of the expressions used to define the @ crypto_price intent :
Secondly , for Sato to be able to recognize all cryptocurrencies , he 'll need the biggest list you can find . I found 1200+ on CoinMarketCap which is good enough to begin with . I created a gazette of the crypto names to improve its understanding .
Thirdly , we 'll need to build a skill which triggers when the @ ask_price intent or # crypto_name entity is recognized :
You can also add # crypto_name as a requirement , to make sure no API called is fired without parameters :
This skill must also call your webhook that we 'll setup below :
Do n't forget to add a memory reset after the webhook trigger , it 's required to clean the memory after each answer .
Finally , we 'll test our bot straight in Messenger , so you 'll need to create a page and an app and connect it . Everything is documented in the CONNECT tab and in the getting started tutorial .
To keep it concise , this tutorial will not detail the creation of a bot . We 'll start from a functioning bot already .
To meet me there , you have two options :
Option A : build your own bot ( who does n't have to be a cryptobot ) or
Option B : fork Sato and start from here .
You 'll also need an account on SAP Conversational AI to complete this tutorial .
A/ BUILD YOUR OWN BOT
Nathan wrote an exhaustive tutorial on how to build your first bot with SAP Conversational AI so I 'll leave the basics to him . Feel free to reach our to our community on Slack if you need some help .
B/ FORK THE BOT USED IN THIS TUTORIAL
SAP Conversational AI is collaborative bot platform , it works pretty much like GitHub . Which means you can simply fork my bot Sato and start from here . Here 's how :
II/ BASIC SERVER CODE AND REQUIREMENTS
Since we want to interact with our bot , we 'll need a server to be able to receive the results of the NLP made by SAP Conversational AI and send our responses back .
On the bot builder , go to the CODE tab to find an example of base code required to start your API . We give examples in Node.JS , PHP , Python and Ruby . This tutorial will be Python only .
Here 's the base code for Python :
from flask import Flask , request , jsonify import json app = Flask ( __name__ ) port = '5000 ' @ app.route ( '/ ' , methods= [ 'POST ' ] ) def index ( ) : print ( json.loads ( request.get_data ( ) ) ) return jsonify ( status=200 , replies= [ { 'type ' : 'text ' , 'content ' : 'Roger that ' , } ] ) @ app.route ( '/errors ' , methods= [ 'POST ' ] ) def errors ( ) : print ( json.loads ( request.get_data ( ) ) ) return jsonify ( status=200 ) app.run ( port=port )
Take some time to look at the code to get a better understanding of what we 'll be doing : we 'll build on this code during this tutorial . You can save it in your favorite text editor for now .
REQUIREMENTS
As you can see , the server script uses the Flask as a web framework , so we 'll need it .
For the API call , we 'll also use Requests . Let 's go ahead and install both :
pip install Flask pip install requests
III/ TEST THE SERVER : NGROK
Now that we have the base server , let 's make it run and test it . It will allow us to be more incremental in the process so the debugging ( if any ) is simplified .
To expose our local server to the internet , we 'll need ngrok .
Note : If you are using Windows like me , there is awesome package manager – Chocolatey which works pretty much like apt-get on UNIX . With it , you 'll be able to install ngrok in one line choco install ngrok_portable . Moreover , Chocolatey adds ngrok to your PATH , allowing you to start ngrok from any terminal simply by typing ngrok .
Now is the time to start our server and test it , this implies :
Set a webhook trigger in your bot ( detailed in step 1 ) Run your python script , Expose port 5000 to the internet with ngrok : ngrok http 5000 , Copy the forwarding URL form ngrok and past it as your bot base URL on SAP Conversational AI
IV/ PREPARING THE EXTERNAL API CALL
It 's about time to start building ! Let 's have a look at the api call we 'll be doing to get the price of any cryptocurrency . Several APIs are available for this purpose so I just went ahead and picked one : Cryptocompare API .
Cryptocompare API offers thousands of possibilities , but for the sake of simplicity , we 'll stick with the basics . We want the price of the matched crypto in BTC , USD and EUR .
Here 's how the call is structured ( here for ETH ) : https : //min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price ? fsym= '' ETH '' & tsyms=BTC , USD , EUR ''
You have two parameters :
fsym : the symbol of the cryptocurrency , this is where we 'll need to fetch the crypto_name recognized in the # crypto_name entity .
tsyms : the currency in which the price will be returned . We chose BTC , USD and EUR here .
So , in our case , we 'll only need to adapt the fsym parameter to the recognized cryptocurrency , while the rest of the call stays the same .
V/ ADAPT THE API CALL TO INCLUDE THE SYMBOL RECOGNIZED IN THE USER INPUT
Now that we know how to fetch the prices , we need to go back to our server code and upgrade it so it can :
Know the # crypto_name recognized by SAP Conversational AI .
Make an API call to Cryptocompare using the # crypto_name .
Let 's get started !
A/ FINDING OUR DATA IN SAP Conversational AI JSON
Let 's have a look at the data returned by SAP Conversational AI on a user input . To do so , you click the CHAT WITH YOUR BOT button present on all pages , on the bottom-right corner . Then , you can switch between the conversation and the JSON view by clicking on the orange information circle as below :
Here , our symbol is accessible with [ 'conversation ' ] [ 'memory ' ] [ 'crypto ' ] [ 'raw ' ] . Since the value and the raw and identical in this case , you can use either .
On our server , the JSON returned by the website test panel is encapsulated into the data dictionary ( see server code ) . So we need an extra step to retrieve it on our server :
# FETCH THE CRYPTO NAME crypto_name = data [ 'conversation ' ] [ 'memory ' ] [ 'crypto ' ] [ 'value ' ]
B/ MAKE AN API CALL USING THE RECOGNIZED ENTITY
For the API call , we 'll be using Requests . Do n't forget to import it in your server 's script , then , we build our base request ( r ) :
import requests r = requests.get ( `` https : //min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price ? fsym= '' +crypto_name+ '' & tsyms=BTC , USD , EUR '' )
Go ahead and print it , but you may be disappointed :
Indeed , if you want to get the values returned by the call , you need to print r.json ( ) . The good news is that JSON returned by Cryptocompare is really as simple as it could be :
Great ! Now , we just have one last step to figure out : returning the prices to the user .
VI/ RETURNING THE DATA FETCHED TO THE USER
Now , it 's time to finish our base server code upgrade : we need to edit the replies returned to include our freshly fetched data . To do so , we 'll edit the message returned by our server code :
return jsonify ( status=200 , replies= [ { 'type ' : 'text ' , 'content ' : 'Roger that ' , } ] ,
We 'll be editing the replies only , to include the prices we fetched :
replies= [ { 'type ' : 'text ' , 'content ' : 'The price of % s is % f BTC and % f USD ' % ( crypto_name , r.json ( ) [ 'BTC ' ] , r.json ( ) [ 'USD ' ] ) } ] ,
Since the reply is a string , we must use the modulo ( % ) operator to include our prices in the string . Here , the first % s tells Python to look for a string while the two following % f indicates floats .
Our upgraded server is now finished , here 's the whole code :
from flask import Flask , request , jsonify import json import requests app = Flask ( __name__ ) port = '5000 ' @ app.route ( '/ ' , methods= [ 'POST ' ] ) def index ( ) : data = json.loads ( request.get_data ( ) ) # FETCH THE CRYPTO NAME crypto_name = data [ 'conversation ' ] [ 'memory ' ] [ 'crypto ' ] [ 'raw ' ] # FETCH BTC/USD/EUR PRICES r = requests.get ( `` https : //min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price ? fsym= '' +crypto_name+ '' & tsyms=BTC , USD , EUR '' ) return jsonify ( status=200 , replies= [ { 'type ' : 'text ' , 'content ' : 'The price of % s is % f BTC and % f USD ' % ( crypto_name , r.json ( ) [ 'BTC ' ] , r.json ( ) [ 'USD ' ] ) } ] ) @ app.route ( '/errors ' , methods= [ 'POST ' ] ) def errors ( ) : print ( json.loads ( request.get_data ( ) ) ) return jsonify ( status=200 ) app.run ( port=port )
With our new server completed , we now have all the pieces of our puzzle . Let 's assemble it :
Run your python script , Expose port 5000 to the internet with ngrok : ngrok http 5000 , Copy the forwarding URL form ngrok and past it as your bot base URL on SAP Conversational AI
Now that you have the basics to build a bot able to fetch third party data , what 's gon na be ? You show us !
PS : Since this tutorial uses ngrok , your computer must be on and ngrok must be running for your bot to function . If you want to make your bot always available , follow the next tutorial .
by Olav Phillips
In the late evening on August 12th a mysterious fire broke out in a nondescript warehouse located in Tanjian , China owned by Ruihai International Logistics . The fire seem to spread quickly and erupted into a huge fireball leaving a massive crater . As the fire was burning fire crews were immediately mobilized to attempt to suppress the quickly spreading fire while , mysteriously , elements of the Chinese Air Force began to patrol the skies . Fleets of military helicopters were seen circling they are as well as the greater Tanjian city . Reports also placed military units in the area which appear to have been activated after the fire occurred – ostensibly to maintain order in a volatile area , but what if there was another more “ interesting ” cause ?
So what is so interesting about this warehouse that would cause elements of the Chinese Air Force and Army to be scrambled to the site ? From various news reports we learned that the warehouse , owned by Ruihai International Logistics , stored a variety of dangerous chemicals including :
calcium carbide
sodium nitrate
potassium nitrate
Whats more interesting is that about one week later a second fire broke out in Shandong , China at the Shandong Runxing Chemical Technology Co. Ltd chemical plant . This second fire which consumed the chemical plant occurred 8 days and 2.5hrs later . The plant , opened in January , specialized in the manufacturing of polyurethane products and was completely destroyed .
So what does a warehouse in Tianjan and a chemical plant in Shandong have in common ? It turns out its actually polyurethane .
Polyurethane is used in a variety way including :
flexible foam seating
rigid foam insulation panels
microcellular foam seals and gaskets
durable elastomeric wheels and tires
automotive suspension bushings
electrical potting compounds
seals
gaskets
carpet underlay
hard plastic parts
and much more…
But what it is really used for is solid rocket fuel . In fact when mixed with potassium nitrate solid oxidizer , calcium carbide and water it is used as a base for acetlene rocket fuel . In fact one variant which used polyurethane and ammonium perchlorate was and is used for the solid rocket fuel in the submarine launched Polaris missile . The polyurethane component is critical to the the solid rocket fuel . It turns out there are also a number of other elements the polyurethane is used for in the construction of a rocket including gaskets , seals and other things .
So the next question is why did it burn ? One possible answer is the use of a Kinetic Energy Weapon . Back in the 1980 's there was a lot of discussion about “ Rods from God ” or Project Thor . The idea was to put up a satellite which carried a series of telephone sized tungsten rods which could be released from the satellite and be guided using fins and a motor down to the earth . The resulting strike would be equal to about a .1kt nuclear device , minus the radiation . This would leave a crater about several hundred feet across . The rod itself would hit the target , fairly accurately , at about mach 12 . One of the interesting elements of this program was the encasing of the tungsten rod in another material which would act as a super heated plasma sheath . This was one of the hypothesis about what caused the fire .
Now there are a couple of problems with that . The good news , from that point of view ) is that if you watch the video you can hear a thump before the explosion which could indicate the presence of a kinetic energy strike and then the subsequent explosion . The bad news is that no video exists of the fire starting so it would have taken two strikes . There is also no streak present in the video which you would expect which the use of such a device . Ok so now what ? How about something a little different and a bit out of left field . This is going to sound interesting so just read along…
According to several news services ( NKnews ) , of various caliber , a couple weeks prior the Chinese Army had massed a large ground force along the North Korean border during the rather tense negotiations North and South Korea were having at the time . At the time of these reports many in the alternative news community had pointed to this massing as a sign of the ignition of World War 3 and anticipated the Chinese crossing the border to assist the North Koreans in a full scale attack against the South . This did not come to pass , and quite quickly the North and South seemed to conclude the tension and agree on some humanitarian issues such as reuniting families etc . Shortly after this the Chinese Army moved on .
Over the years the Chinese have sought to calm Korean peninsula issues and that massing of troops seemed to be a message to North Korea vs to the West and South Korea . A message which no doubt angered elements of the North Korean regime . This is important because North Korea functions on a strong man state , meaning Kim Jong-un must maintain the appearance of the strong leader or he risks factions within the North Korean regime rising up against him . He must maintain absolution control . The other element of this is asymmetric warfare . If the Chinese were to line up against the West they would loose massively economically which would collapse their economy since it is almost entirely based on exports and this would drive a wedge between its biggest consumers and its manufacturing base .
So where does that leave us ? The North Koreans are mad , and everyone else is satisfied . In this situation Kim Jong-un must retaliate against someone to show his people he is strong and can not be defeated . The obvious choice would be against the Chinese for unraveling his tension situation . So what does that have to do with Chinese polyurethane and kinetic energy weapons ? Well… ..
THE THEORY
Now before we get to far it is important to mention that this is based on anecdotal and circumstantial evidence – there is no clear-cut evidence but we do have pieces of a jigsaw . Based on those jigsaw pieces I have a theory about what occurred .
We start with worsening diplomatic relations between North and South Korea . The Chinese , wanting to keep peace on the Korean Peninsula suggests to the North Korean leadership they need to fix this . The North Koreans of course say no we are going to push this further to which the Chinese respond by telling them to de-escalate and back it up with a fair amount of military hardware along the border to function as shall we say peace keeping troops . The North Koreans get the message and back off , but they are angry and people in the leadership are questioning Kim Jong-un 's power . Kim decides to retaliate against the Chinese and send them a clear message , more so for his people then the Chinese , but a message must be sent . So he orders a covert kinetic weapon strike against two targets involving the Chinese ability to make missiles and rockets , maybe military maybe space exploration . The strike is made again Tanjian . The Chinese not knowing the source go to military readiness in the area thinking there may be another event . Nothing happens .
The second strike is carried out again Shandong but less of a military response and almost no news play on this one . It 's just a fire…
The Chinese then most likely went to the North Koreans and suggested they not try that again or military intervention will be used .
So the question now , if this hypothesis is accurate , is how was it done covertly ?
The answer is a cube sat or cube satellite . These small satilites which are commercially launched could theoretically carry a small payload hidden inside of it which would pass “ inspection ” if there is any . A 3u cubesat is roughly 30×10×10 cm and can way up to 10kg which would give it a projectile , if the right materials were used , easily capable of hitting the earth and of sufficient size to cause a fair amount of localized damage . The projectile would also be super heated at impact which would cause a fire .
At the time of both fires there were cubes sat clusters overhead of both sites . In the case and Tanjian Flock 1C-5 was directly overhead and could potentially have had a cubesat built for this purpose . We are talking about small projectiles here so it would be easy to hide within the cube sat and with today 's micro circuitry it is not impossible . It is also important to point out that Flock-1C is comprised of the larger 3u cubesats .
Because of Chinese secrecy we will probably never what actually caused the fires and if it was a kinetic device we will never know who fired it even if it was launched from a cubesat . This is simply one possible option among many .
Jefferson County schools will get $ 6.3 million and the City of Birmingham 's Board of Education $ 4.2 million under a refunding of education warrants approved by state lawmakers .
Alabama lawmakers last week passed legislation to reallocate proceeds from Jefferson County 's 1-cent sales tax which means $ 18 million going to various school boards .
The bill refinances about $ 560 million left in debt from a $ 1 billion school construction bond issue in 2004 .
School boards in Jefferson County would receive annual distributions based on enrollment .
Below is a projection on the amounts Jefferson County schools receive based on total enrollment for the 2014/2015 school year .
Jefferson County , $ 6.3 million ;
Birmingham , $ 4.2 million ;
Hoover , $ 2.4 million ;
Vestavia Hills , $ 1.2 million ;
Mountain Brook , $ 778,000 ;
Trussville , $ 748,000 ;
Homewood , $ 686,000 ;
Bessemer , $ 684,000 ;
Leeds , $ 320,000 ;
Fairfield , $ 320,000 ;
Tarrant , $ 205,000 ;
Midfield , $ 201,000 ;
Source : Jefferson County Commission .
Seriously , Twitter ? We thought the company had learned by now that Steve Jobs has the mystical power to instantly summon the fail whale -- or in other words , that nerd chatter surrounding any kind of Apple product announcement is enough to swamp the microblogging service 's infrastructure .
An hour before Apple 's San Francisco event to the much-hyped tablet device now known as the iPad , Twitter had already slowed to a crawl , spitting out tweets between eight and fifteen minutes late -- and sometimes out of order -- on both the Twitter.com home page and third-party clients . It does n't seem like there were any outright appearances of the `` fail whale , '' though .
Around 10 a.m. PT , Twitter updated its status blog : `` We are investigating the source of tweet delivery delays this morning . '' You do n't say !
Back in the day , a high volume of tech news was enough to completely down Twitter -- the company was tiny , its servers were mediocre , and its user base was dominated by Silicon Valley punditry . Now that it 's grown much bigger and more stable , news-related outages have become rare .
©2010 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved
Michael Jackson 's Neverland Ranch , the $ 30 million California property the late singer purchased in 1988 , might possibly become one of the world 's largest sex assault therapy camp for children . One of the bidders trying to acquire the 1214-hectare property is proposing to turn Jackson 's famous ranch into a rehabilitation center for molested children , according to a recent report by Page Six .
The report reveals that an unnamed businessman is offering “ in the neighborhood of $ 40 million ” for the property 's use . A source for Page Six states that the potential buyer aims to use Jackson 's ranch as a safe place for young victims of sexual assault trying to recover from their traumatic experiences .
“ His goal is for the place to be used to help children in a serene setting recover from the trauma of sex abuse , ” Page Six 's source said .
“ The plan is to have children come there for treatment , and they will also hire trained therapists who would help the victims through the use of equine-assisted therapy , which works to improve the kids ' self-esteem , and it helps them to become more outgoing , ” the insider added .
Michael Jackson 's career was mired with accusations of sexual molestation against children , some of whom were reportedly as young as 13-years-old when the assaults reportedly happened . The New York Daily News reported in 2013 that the “ Thriller ” singer allegedly spent around $ 35 million trying to conceal molestation cases against him . According to old trial documents , Michael Jackson brought many of his purported victims to his California property .
A year before his death , a debt-ridden Michael Jackson handed over the place to Colony Capital , a hedge fund which currently maintains 12.5 percent undivided stake in the property . The company says the ranch can sell as much as $ 75 million .
Today , Michael 's prized spot would almost be unrecognizable to people who first visited the property during its glory days in the 90s , when it still hosted a wide array of amusement centers and arcades . Today , the ranch “ castle ” is completely devoid of furniture while most of the outside amusement places have already gone .
Many potential buyers from different fields have shown interest in purchasing the ranch . In 2010 , Michael Jackson 's children expressed interest in acquiring the famed property from its current holders , according to the Daily Mail . Pop singer Lady Gaga , a Jackson fan who has collected many of the singer 's career memorabilia , is also reportedly looking into investing in the property .
The California government also attempted to turn Michael Jackson 's ranch into a state park . However , due to the steep price tag on the late singer 's property , officials have abandoned plans to acquire the place .
[ Image from Wikimedia ]
Earlier today we mentioned a plugin for AIM that would translate what you type on the fly into another language . That 's an exceptionally useful tool , but the far more fluid and accurate way to speak to people in another language , is to actually learn the language . Thankfully , there are a wide variety of ways to learn languages online , many of them available for free . Below is a list of more than 20 ways you can go from knowing how to say “ Hello ” to fluency .
Language Lessons
Mango Languages : 12 different online language courses presented in conversational format with prices starting at free .
Vocabulix : Free vocab building lessons in Spanish , German and English , as well as other languages , with a baked in social network .
Pod Network : Spanishpod – Frenchpod – Chinesepod – Free online lessons in three languages .
: Spanishpod – Frenchpod – Chinesepod – Free online lessons in three languages . BBC Languages : A host of language learning tools and self-contained online courses from the BBC .
eLanguageSchool.net : Free lessons for learning 10 different languages online .
Linkua : An online marketplace of real-life language tutors . There 's nothing like learning a language directly from a native speaker .
LiveMocha : This site combines lessons , with an online community allowing you to practice speaking with native speakers , which dovetails nicely into the next set of sites .
Now that you 've learned the basics , you need to practice . That 's not always easy if you 've been learning on your own and no one around you speaks your new language . The sites below will help you hook up with a native speaker — usually over VoIP — to practice speaking .
Practice Speaking
SharedTalk : A language exchange covering 113 languages from the makers of the popular RosettaStone language learning software .
xLingo : A language exchange that lets users create and share flashcards with each other .
Palabea : Reviews of language learning software in addition to an online language exchange .
iTalki : A language exchange with a Yahoo ! Answers-style QnA site , and a wiki-based public knowledge base for 10 different languages .
Huitalk : Forums , articles , vocabulary lists , and a language exchange using Skype .
Interpals : A large language exchange from a popular penpal social network .
Mixxer : A free language exchange using Skype built by Dickinson College .
TT4You : A free global language exchange site .
Language Buddy : A free language exchange with 115 supported languages .
Convesation Exchange : Text and voice chat , email , or face-to-face meetings can bet set up via Language Buddy to improve your conversational skills .
Lingozone : Build vocab skills by playing game of Word Ladder and Hangman , while making friends with whom to practice speaking .
Language Exchange Network : Think Craigslist for language learning ; this site has super-simple language exchange classified listings .
MyLanguageExchange : One of the oldest online language exchanges ( this site was a Yahoo ! Internet Life pick in 2001 ) , it claims over 1 million members speaking 115 different languages .
Language Exchange : A language exchange application for the Facebook platform .
Bonus Site : ASL Fingerspelling : Test your American Sign Language chops by watching online spelling demos and guessing the word .
John Wall is expected to return to action this weekend , and fans of the Washington Wizards are obviously intrigued—but mostly to see just whether a chubbier John Wall can impact their woeful basketball team .
The Wizards are coasting along this season , currently sitting in the NBA 's basement at 5-28 , three wins fewer than the next worst team in the league , the Cleveland Cavaliers .
While fans will obviously be excited to see their team 's most dynamic player return to action , there are still a number of questions centering on not only how well he 'll perform but his dedication .
I ca n't speak to his dedication , but we did just get past Christmas . I 'm sure there might have been a few too many cookies eaten and a glass or two of eggnog chugged in the Wall household—and that 's completely understandable .
Of the few pictures of Wall that have popped up , the first one is definitely the least flattering . Not only does it show Wall with a bit of a pooch overhanging his shorts , but everything about him also just seems looser and more out of place .
The other shots do paint a picture that 's a bit more flattering , but he 's still nowhere near the Wall that was able to bob and weave in and out of the lane at will .
But you know what ? I think I 'm completely on board with the chubbier , more spacious Wall . Maybe it 'll help him in the long run .
I 'm not saying he should continue to bulk up , but perhaps the added mass will allow him to put some muscle on his formerly slight frame . At the very least , there 's a lot more of him to throw around on defense and a lot more surface area with which to absorb impact and draw a foul .
So long as he can still dribble at warp speed while running through the lane , who cares how big he 's starting to look ?
Apparently John Wall thinks everything tastes like Honey Nut Cheerios . # feltoned —Russ Bengtson ( @ russbengtson ) January 9 , 2013
Rg3 no leg John wall fat Strasburg no elbow Ovie no teeth — flexico burress ( @ PaulyC_ ) January 9 , 2013
Maybe this is going to usher in a new era of point guards that Raymond Felton was only able to scratch the surface of last season .
Perhaps the more voluptuous yet still speedy point guard will be able to work his magic with some more post moves or box out more ferociously while attempting to grab those mid-range rebounds .
I 've always wanted to see what Zach Randolph crossed with Russell Westbrook would look like on the court , and now here 's my chance .
Then again , it 's probably best if he goes back to being the Wall that we knew before the injury : an athletic specimen that looked like he could jump over Manute Bol .
The much anticipated Hunza Marathon has concluded in Karimabad today . More than 200 local , national and international runners participated in 3 different categories ; the 4th one being a practice-run to be arranged later this week down the hill from Khunjerab Pass . Prizes were distributed among the winners at a ceremony attended by Governor of Gilgit-Baltistan Mir Ghazanfar Ali Khan and many others at Baltit Serena Inn .
Starting at 5:00 AM in the morning , the 42-km long full marathon was kicked off . A total 7 laps were covered between Zero Point in Karimabad and Tutan Shun in Hyderabad town . The 10-km and 5-km long segments were started at 9:00 AM with the same starting and return points . The awards distribution and closing ceremony was held at Baltit Serena Inn later in the evening .
While talking to GBee.PK , Ziyad Rahim , who had first envisioned the Hunza Marathon , showed his satisfaction about the participation of runners and services of the volunteers . He said he is looking forward to continuing the marathon next year with even better arrangements . ”
Earlier , he talked about how he got to meet Mirza Ali and Samina Baig while they were returning from their Antarctica expedition .
“ I met these two after their return from Antarctica . I shared the idea of a marathon in Hunza which they agreed to collaborate . We were lucky to have Serena Hotels as our main sponsor . Things were smoother than expected due to the collaboration . ”
He added :
“ I have seen great potential in the athletes of this region . I am sure with proper training , we can have world class runners from Hunza . We will continue the marathon as part of Pakistan Running Series . ”
Babar Khan , who was one of the participants of the 5-km marathon was excited to finish the race , but at the same time he had some reservations about management . He said “ There were some cases of mismanagement that I encountered during the race , ” He added : “ Since this was the first ever such marathon in the town , I expect a better event next year . I will participate again next time with better preparation . ”
Ramiz Ali , another participant of the marathon was unhappy about the traffic which was not diverted or stopped during the marathon . He said that government should also take stake in such events and coordinate with the management for a better marathon experience . He pointed out that some of the runners of 5-km long marathon cheated by taking a ride in places where no management was present .
Medals and certificates were distributed among the winners by Mir Ghazanfar Ali Khan . He showed his interest to support such events in the future .
The winners of Hunza Marathon are as under :
Chicagoans paying 50 % tax rate on raw price of gas
While gas prices have dropped to a 12-year low in Illinois , Chicagoans pay $ 0.32 more per gallon than the state average due to multiple layers of city , county and state taxation .
Chicago area gas prices may have fallen to 12-year lows , but the average price per-gallon in the city is still $ 0.32 higher than the state average – and that 's because one-third of a Chicago driver 's gas bill is taxes .
The average price per gallon of gas in Chicago is a little over $ 1.85 : $ 1.24 comes from the raw price of gas and $ 0.61 comes from local , state and federal taxes .
No matter how low prices go , drivers in Chicago and Illinois will always be stuck with a hefty gas sales-tax burden .
Traditional motor fuel taxes are a fixed amount per gallon . These federal and state taxes generally pay for road maintenance and other transportation expenses – motorists in all states pay these taxes . Illinois , however , is one of only a handful of states that tack on additional gas taxes beyond the motor fuel taxes . Most consumers do n't realize that , because these costs do n't show up on their receipts – these taxes are built into the advertised price .
Combined , all federal , state , county and Chicago taxes total $ 0.61 per gallon at Feb. 11 's price . Of this , only $ 0.37 comprise federal and state excise taxes . The remaining $ 0.24 is composed of : Illinois ' 6.25 percent sales tax , the county and city excise tax , an Illinois environmental tax , additional county and other home-rule sales taxes , and a Regional Transportation Authority tax .
And unlike most states , where gas-tax dollars fund roads and transportation services , the revenue Illinois ' sales taxes generate goes to the state 's General Fund .
Even at a time when gas prices are plummeting for drivers across the Midwest , Chicagoans will always be stuck with higher bills thanks to multiple layers of city , county and state taxation .
But market coercion is n't a sufficient explanation . More so , the computational aspects of ordinary things have become goals unto themselves , rather than just a means to an end . As it spreads from desktops and back-offices to pockets , cameras , cars , and door locks , the affection people have with computers transfers onto other , even more ordinary objects . And the more people love using computers for everything , the more life feels incomplete unless it takes place inside them .
A while back , I wrote about a device called GasWatch , a propane-tank scale that connects to a smartphone app . It promises to avert the threat of cookouts ruined by depleted gas tanks .
When seeing devices like this one , I used to be struck by how ridiculous they seemed , and how little their creators and customers appeared to notice , or care . Why use a computer to keep tabs on propane levels when a cheap gauge would suffice ?
But now that internet-connected devices and services are increasingly the norm , ridicule seems toothless . Connected toasters promise to help people “ toast smarter. ” Smartphone-connected bike locks vow to “ Eliminate the hassle and frustration of lost keys and forgotten combinations , ” at the low price of just $ 149.99 . There 's Nest , the smart thermostat made by the former designer of the iPod and later bought by Google for $ 3.2 billion . The company also makes home security cameras , which connect to the network to transmit video to their owners ' smartphones . Once self-contained , gizmos like baby monitors now boast internet access as an essential benefit .
The trend has spread faster than I expected . Several years ago , a stylish hotel I stayed at boasted that its keycards would soon be made obsolete by smartphones . Today , even the most humdrum Hampton Inn room can be opened with Hilton 's app . Home versions are available , too . One even keeps analytics on how long doors have been locked—data I did n't realize I might ever need .
These devices pose numerous problems . Cost is one . Like a cheap propane gauge , a traditional bike lock is a commodity . It can be had for $ 10 to $ 15 , a tenth of the price of Nokē 's connected version . Security and privacy are others . The CIA was rumored to have a back door into Samsung TVs for spying . Disturbed people have been caught speaking to children over hacked baby monitors . A botnet commandeered thousands of poorly secured internet-of-things devices to launch a massive distributed denial-of-service attack against the domain-name system .
Reliability plagues internet-connected gadgets , too . When the network is down , or the app 's service is n't reachable , or some other software behavior gets in the way , the products often cease to function properly—or at all .
Take doorbells . An ordinary doorbell closes a circuit that activates an electromagnet , which moves a piston to sound a bell . A smart doorbell called Ring replaces the button with a box containing a motion sensor and camera . Nice idea . But according to some users , Ring sometimes fails to sound the bell , or does so after a substantial delay , or even absent any visitor , like a poltergeist . This sort of thing is so common that there 's a popular Twitter account , Internet of Shit , which catalogs connected gadgets ' shortcomings .
Share Share
Share Pin It
Pin It Shares
One of the most interesting and the realistic innovations of the 21st century is the 3D modeling and designing . In the 3D sphere , a high level of creation of the 3D artworks has been created by the CG artists and the car modeling is always a popular trend . The outcome is so realistic that sometimes , you might tend to get confused is you are looking at a computer generated picture or a photograph . With this technology , one can design an imaginary product or project and could reveal exactly how you want it to be . There are several conditions for creating a photorealistic car model using the 3D technology .
Before creating a car model , first choose what type of car you want to design and then use the “ Box Modeling ” process . By using the various tools , the car could be created exactly as you wish . With the animation , depth and the movement , the 3D technology enables you to create horizons . Thus , 3D is considered as an excellent way to display your imaginations or ideas into appealing visual concepts . Some of the important aspects to be considered for a 3D image are the detailed model , color , lighting , texture , balance of Entourage , getting the right angle and the transparency to achieve better results .
The texture of a model or a design makes it look realistic and thus complies with your dream model . The lighting is the second most important aspect of 3D and it is providing the lighting to your reflections , shadows , shade and environment . It develops an emotional mood and could be one of the challenging tasks for an artist . The light refraction and the transparency make your image look very real with its elements . Another important factor is getting the right angle which should be very accurate and viewable from all directions . There should be a balance of entourage of all the elements for a realistic rendering .
Creating or building a model of car or any other project is quite a difficult and an intensive task . The perfection could be achieved only if there is a rigorous analysis of all the details of the project . You should have a powerful processor and a computer to develop excellent 3D models . Thus , study a real photo thoroughly before getting into designing a 3D model of that image . The 3D has become very popular in almost all the professional fields and it mainly serves as prototypes for the products in real world like cars , buildings , materials , etc .
Photorealistic 3D Car Models
Wolsvagen Scirocco R
Volkswagen Kübelwagen 82
Audi A6
Tronatic IRI-Z Gold Edition
Impress your audience with animated websites and web presentations . With Slides , we do n't make you start from an empty slate . All you have to do is to pick the elements you like best and combine them . Each slide has been carefully crafted to satisfy three key criteria : aesthetic , function and usability . That way you know every element works together seamlessly while enhancing the impact of your content . Learn MoreOther Products
Tronatic Atmos
The Getaway Vehicle
Syrena Sport
Spyder 2
Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe
BMW Q7
Porsche 917 Le Mans
Porsche 911 Gt2
Porsche 356B
Peugeot 907 – Paris Motor Show 2004
Old School Chevy
Old Car
Nissan Skyline R32
Nissan GTR
Nissan 350z
Mini Cooper
McLaren Mercedes
Lamborghini Murcielago
Koenigsegg CCX
Kamaz
HUMMER H1
Formula GP2
Epsilon dream car
Corvette Stingray
Camaro
BMW Z8 Roadster
BMW ISETTA
Before the race
Beetle – 1963
Audi R8-1
Audi R8
Audi R8
Audi A5 GTR
Alfa
1969 Camaro Mild Custom
Just over a year ago , Clipper Navigation announced it intended to establish passenger service between Victoria 's Inner Harbour and downtown Vancouver .
Then last spring the Seattle-based company had to put those plans on hold after it realized it did n't have the right vessel for the job .
article continues below
The company has now found the vessel it has been looking for and Clipper promises to have the service established by the spring of 2018 .
It will be the second ferry service between the harbours after V2V Vacations announced it will start a ferry service on May 1 .
“ Clipper has been committed to ensuring that we have the right vessel for this route , ” said chief executive Tobias Haack . “ For more than 30 years , we have safely and reliably operated ferry services around the Salish Sea , and we know that customer comfort is again paramount for our new Vancouver to Victoria route .
“ Halunder Jet is the perfect addition to the Clipper fleet and aligns with our high standards for customer service . ”
Clipper found the vessel , the 52-metre Halunder Jet catamaran , amid the fleet owned by its parent company , Förde Reederei Seetouristik . The vessel currently operates in the North Sea between Hamburg and Heligoland and can carry 579 passengers and travel at speeds up to 36 knots .
“ We are really excited about this vessel and our ability to move forward with this service , ” said chief operations officer David Gudgel . “ We 've been looking at that route for a long time . ”
Passenger service between the two harbours has n't been tried since the Royal Sealink Express shut down in 1993 after losing millions of dollars due to low ridership after just 19 months .
But starting this summer , Australia-based V2V Vacations will run a 254-passenger ferry between the Inner Harbour and Vancouver .
Gudgel said a lot has changed since the early 1990s . “ We 've been watching both cities grow significantly . There are a lot of dynamics between Victoria and Vancouver and the population bases have certainly changed , ” he said . “ And look at the numbers of people travelling annually between Victoria and Vancouver on B.C . Ferries . ”
Last year , B.C . Ferries reported a 4.5 per cent increase in vehicles to 1.92 million between Victoria 's Swartz Bay and Tsawwassen , while passenger numbers on that route jumped 4.2 per cent to 6.1 million people .
“ It 's hit a critical mass , and we believe there is a market for it , ” said Gudgel . “ Victoria has grown as a destination and we 've seen the numbers grow in hotel occupancy and hotel room rates — we are just bullish on Victoria . ”
Paul Nursey , chief executive of Tourism Victoria , said the addition of another ferry service comes at the right time . “ More access is a good thing for the destination . We are seeing strong underlying demand , like we have never seen before , ” he said . “ We need more capacity and access . ”
Nursey said more transportation options mean choice both for individual travellers and for wholesalers .
“ As business-to-business providers , they will have more choice as to whom to partner with , ” he said . “ This is a really good thing for our overseas tour operators which will ultimately keep prices competitive . ”
Gudgel said their new vessel will be key to their success .
At 52 metres and with a motion-dampening system , the Halunder Jet was built for use in rough North Sea waters , where it has operated since 2003 .
“ Those are significant conditions and it has done well on that route , ” he said , noting it has only been operated seasonally so it remains in excellent condition .
That will allow Clipper to put it into service shortly after it arrives on the West Coast .
It will operate on its current route through October , when it will be loaded on a heavy-lift vessel to be transported to Vancouver by December .
Gudgel said some minor refits need to be done in terms of new seats , replacing the European electrical system with a North American one , new paint and rebranding .
He could not provide estimated travel times between the two cities , though he said at 36 knots it can travel 20 per cent faster than Clipper 's existing vessels .
Because of its size , it also offers a full kitchen , assigned seating and a chance to offer different classes of seating .
They have not yet determined ticket prices .
There is room for the Halunder Jet at Clipper 's Belleville terminal , though ramp systems will need changes to accommodate the ferry .
The V2V Vacations service , expected to launch May 1 , will leave the Inner Harbour from beside the Steamship Terminal Building .
aduffy @ timescolonist.com
The city of Worcester , Massachusetts is asking citizens to bring their weapons to the police department next weekend as part of the city 's annual `` Goods for Guns Buyback Program . '' In return for the guns , the city will offer gift certificates , and - a free flu shot .
Telegram.com reports :
`` City residents , or residents of any other community , may bring their unwanted weapons , unloaded and wrapped in a bag , from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday to the Worcester Police headquarters in Lincoln Square , or from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Dec. 8 to the Worcester Division of Public Health , 25 Meade St . ''
Since the program began in 2002 , `` Goods for Guns '' has collected approximately 2,200 guns . Last year 40 guns were collected by the police department . Deputy Chief McGinn said guns that are turned in are destroyed .
The program allows individuals to anonymously turn in `` unwanted and unloaded '' guns to the police department . In return , citizens are presented with a Wegman 's gift certificate . The value of the gift depends on the type of gun . For example , a long rifle earns a $ 25 gift certificate ; handguns earn a $ 50 gift certificate , and a semiautomatic weapon , a $ 75 gift certificate .
This year , citizens of Worcester can receive a free flu shot for turning in a weapon . Also , individuals who bring guns directly from home to the police station will be granted amnesty if they are not properly licensed .
McGinn has said , `` Come one , come all . We 're not asking any names or questions . ''
The `` Goods for Guns Program '' is similar to buyback programs across the country :
In Cleveland , citizens can exchange guns for gift cards and sports tickets . Hartford , Connecticut offers gift cards for guns as well - $ 75 for handguns or revolvers and $ 25 for rifles and shotguns .
Evanston , Illinois is also considering a gun buyback program after a high school freshman was shot in September , although city officials are skeptical about its effectiveness :
Sara Schastok , president and CEO of the Evanston Community Foundation says , `` Of course , no one is under the illusion that people who intend harm as a way of life are necessarily going to turn in their guns . ''
The Worcester buyback program seems to be working well so far , though it may be more enticing during difficult economic times to turn in guns for cash .
The flu shot gimmick is the first I 've seen and I could n't help but remember the infamous line from the movie Godfather Part I :
`` Leave the gun , take the cannoli '' - or in this case , the flu shot .
Enjoying your CNSNews.com article ? The MRC is NOT funded by the government like NPR - but as a non-profit , your tax-free contribution will keep the MRC your conservative premiere Media Watchdog ! Support us today by completing the form below . Enjoy your article !
See more `` Right Views , Right Now . ''
Happy Birthday Betty : 95 Things That Are Younger than Betty White by Cody Schultz
Matthew Daddario of Freeform 's ‘ Shadowhunters , ' live-tweets about ( and to ) his character , Alec Lightwood , each week as part of the live # ShadowhuntersChat .
Matthew Daddario , who plays Alec Lightwood on Freeform 's Shadowhunters , has been routinely participating in the # ShadowhuntersChat live-tweet session , which happens during the shows 's East Coast feed on Monday nights . Though his co-stars also have quite a bit of sass ( looking at you , Isaiah Mustafa ) , Daddario 's dry humor and sarcasm aimed at his character provide their own unique source of entertainment for fans .
We know a few things : Daddario loves ships ( literal and figurative ones ) , posting sarcastic public service announcements , working with animals , and being incredibly defensive when it comes to Alec 's well-being . Nobody is more # TeamAlec than Daddario , but even he often has notes for the angsty Shadowhunter .
For starters , he helps Alec with his people-skills and general decision-making . Is Alec lying shirtless on a bed because he was manipulated into risking his life for his parabatai ? Was he dragged into additional conflicts by his family and friends ? Was he denied a mission even though he would have successfully defeated a plethora of demons ? Daddario has some thoughts :
Okie dokie . Great idea with that stupid rock . Go to the Caribbean and have some ceviche . You 're on timeout , Alec . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 10 , 2017
Can everyone just leave Alec alone for a minute he wants to watch TV . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) March 9 , 2016
Jace and Alec should sit down and consider their options . Maybe drink some wine . Just sorta take a vacay . @ DomSherwood1 # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) February 10 , 2016
ALEC GO GET SOME SUN , BABY . Ca n't keep defending you if you all pasty AND mopey . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 10 , 2017
But when Daddario thinks Alec is being mistreated or unfairly used , he 's quick to throw shade at all necessary targets . There 's so much judgement that Daddario even kind of sounds like –well , Alec .
When entering a place called “ the city of bones ” its prolly best to focus and stay on task . # alecPSA # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 20 , 2016
Alec doing paperwork ? That 's crime # 1 . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) February 24 , 2016
…Crime # 2 is your hair , Alec . Does n't the warlock have a shower ? # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) February 24 , 2016
Alec tries to do the right thing and his mother and ex-fiance betray him . Classic Alec . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 3 , 2017
Alec so damn mopey . No energy . Maybe he needs one of those forced memory flashbacks . Those seem healthy . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 10 , 2017
No matter what happens in Shadow World though , Daddario is still Alec 's number one fan , and he 's ready to applaud all of the times that Alec ( true leader and master demon-hunter that he is ) comes out on top . If only Alec knew that he had a # 1 cheerleader amongst mundanes…
Alec just threw so much shade at Jocelyn she 's gon na have to take vitamin D supplements for life . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 10 , 2017
Alec is so good at apologies and anyone who says otherwise needs to apologize . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 3 , 2017
Damn Alec you so smooth though . Covered that up so good . Congrats . You deserve that sailboat . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) March 2 , 2016
Breaking rules , Alec ? Also looking so fit . Making me wonder about this fermented toilet moonshine I 'm drinking . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) February 17 , 2016
Even if it means pressuring Alec into showing off his mad skills… .
Alec you are so rule oriented . Just kill that vampire I know you want to . # ShadowhuntersChat — Matthew Daddario ( @ MatthewDaddario ) January 20 , 2016
For the true live-tweeting experience , be sure to follow @ MatthewDaddario on Twitter and join the # ShadowhuntersChat each Monday at 8:00pm ET during new episodes on Freeform .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- Only a 2,000-mile voyage stands between the Indians and the dawn of another spring .
The Indians ' two 53-foot equipment trucks departed Cleveland on Friday . They will arrive in Goodyear , Ariz. , either Tuesday night or Wednesday morning . By late Wednesday afternoon , the staff will have the team clubhouse up and running , just a week before pitchers and catchers are scheduled to report for the new season .
`` It 's a big day for Cleveland fans to have a sign of spring coming , '' said Tribe clubhouse manager Tony Amato . `` With the weather and everything , I think it 's great for everyone here . ''
The trucks deliver gear for each player and coach and any personal items members of the team want shipped . Also on board are 12 pallets of water , one pallet full of plastic bottles of Bertman 's Ball Park Mustard , about 25 sets of golf clubs , more than 30 bikes , exercise equipment and car seats . Corey Kluber even had a high chair sent across the country .
The staff placed all of its orders in October and November and spent the month of January organizing and preparing all of the packaging .
`` I know we had over 50-some skids , '' Amato said . `` It 's probably a record . It seems like we were really heavy going down this year for some reason . ''
Baseballs -- more than 1,500 dozen of them -- were delivered on Thursday .
`` Hopefully that lasts us through camp , '' Amato said .
Each position player receives between 18-24 bats . Some were shipped to Cleveland , where the clubhouse staff marked and labeled each for the specific player .
Amato said the strangest item he ever packed onto the truck was a safe , requested by a former member of the coaching staff . Of course , for the third straight year , the staff also shipped Terry Francona 's red scooter .
`` There 's not anything unique that stands out this year , '' Amato said .
Pitchers and catchers report to Goodyear on Feb. 18 .
Pakistan has dropped on the World Bank 's Doing Business 2016 ranking , placing at 138 out of 189 countries , with a Distance to Frontier ( DTF ) score of 51.69 , which is marginally higher than last year 's score of 51.62 .
Pakistan 's DTF scores from 2010-2015 . ─ World Bank Doing Business 2016 Report
The ranking reveals performers with good rules which allow efficient and transparent functioning of businesses and markets while protecting public interest , the report says .
The five countries it is easiest to do business in , and their DTF scores :
Singapore , 87.34 New Zealand , 86.79 Denmark , 84.40 South Korea , 83.88 Hong Kong SAR , China , 83.67
The report says estimated losses in Pakistan due to power outages cost up to 34 per cent of the annual revenue . In comparison , businesses in the Central African Republic only reported losses of up to 25pc of revenue .
— Photo by AFP
Countries are ranked on the basis of the DTF score which is a composite measure of a country 's progress along a series of indicators including :
Starting a business
Dealing with construction permits
Getting electricity
Registering property
Getting credit
Protecting minority investors
Paying taxes
Trading across borders
Enforcing contracts
Resolving insolvency
Pakistan 's ranking along each indicator . ─ World Bank Doing Business 2016 Report
An analysis of trading patterns reveals that for economies whose top export is an agricultural product , border compliance takes 70pc more time ( 35 more hours ) on average than in other economies , while documentary compliance takes twice as much time . The cost for documentary compliance is almost twice as high as it is for other product categories .
The report attributes these patterns to the product-specific inspections and procedures required by agricultural produce .
Pakistan 's main export is agriculture .
Regional trading patterns . ─ WB Doing Business 2016 Report
Pakistan is among 30 countries where shareholder protection increased over the period 1990-2013 , the DB report says .
Shareholder protection index . ─ WB Doing Business 2016 Report
The World Bank typically studies two major cities from each country with a population over 100 million . The report studies the business environment in both Karachi and Lahore for this reason , attributing weights of 65pc to the former and 35pc to the latter .
Two cities are chosen from countries with a large population which , due to their size and diversity , are more likely to have differences in performance on indicators .
Additionally , the larger the population in an economy , the larger the number of people who can benefit from improvements in business regulation , the World Bank said in its Doing Business 2015 report .
Neighbouring India placed higher than Pakistan on the Doing Business ranking at 130 with a DTF score of 54.68 . It was also lauded as the most improved economy in South Asia .
India has recorded the biggest increase in its DTF score since 2004 compared to other South Asian economies .
While it used to take 127 days to start a business in India in 2004 , this number dropped to just 29 days in 2015 .
One of the reasons for India 's improved position is the launch of an ambitious programme of regulatory reform in 2014 aimed at creating a more business-friendly environment , particularly in New Delhi and Mumbai , the DB report says . Other reasons the report cites for India 's improved position are shown below .
Why India 's performance improved :
With hundreds of protesters assembled outside , Sen. Mitch McConnell held a contentious town hall-type event in Lawrenceburg on Tuesday .
The Senate Majority Leader refused to answer two questions from opponents in the audience , asking instead for inquiries from those “ who maybe actually were interested in what I had to say . ”
During a speech , McConnell said that opponents needed to get over the results of the election .
“ They had their shot in the election , they certainly had their shot in Kentucky , ” McConnell said . “ I always remind people winners make policy and losers go home , that 's the way it works .
The event was the first of three town hall events McConnell is holding in Kentucky this week during Congress ' February recess .
Protesters amassed outside of the gates of the American Legion in Lawrenceburg , booing and chanting as his car entered the event .
During his speech , McConnell criticized Senate Democrats for slowing down the appointment process of President Trump 's cabinet nominees .
“ I hope the fever 's going to break here at some point , ” McConnell said at the event , sponsored by the Anderson County Chamber of Commerce . “ There 's a lot of resistance , not just outside but in the country , largely based on an unprecedented decision to literally not accept the outcome of the election . ”
McConnell said “ it never occurred ” to him to block or slow-down presidential cabinet appointments when he served as minority leader at the beginning of President Obama 's administration .
He defended his decision to block Obama 's nomination of Merrick Garland to be a Supreme Court justice , about 10 months before the end of his term .
“ I made the call , myself , that we would not fill that vacancy in the middle of the presidential election year , in the 11th hour of the outgoing president , ” McConnell said .
After the meeting , McConnell talked to reporters about the hundreds of protesters who showed up outside of the American Legion in Lawrenceburg .
“ I can only speak for myself , ” he said . “ Protests in America are not unusual . We 've had them for 240 years . I do n't think anybody should be alarmed about citizens expressing their point of view , it does n't bother me one bit . ”
But during the event , McConnell passed on answering a question about coal jobs and another about whether a botched raid in Yemen constitutes grounds for impeaching President Trump .
“ Thank you for your speech , ” McConnell said in his answer to the Yemen question . “ Is there anybody else with a question ? Anybody up front who may be actually interested in what I had to say ? ”
McConnell 's response to the second question was shorter .
“ Anybody interested in anything I had to say up here in front , ” he asked .
McConnell did answer other questions dealing with small businesses , the Affordable Care Act and drug addiction
Katricia Rogers drove from Whitesburg to attend the event . She said she wanted to ask a question about education and the economy in Eastern Kentucky .
“ I want to know what does he plan to do to bring education and other jobs into our area , ” Rogers said . “ Because that 's what we really need is more education for our public schools and more jobs that 's not coal related . We are educated enough to know that the coal jobs are not going to come back for other reasons rather than what he 's stating . ”
In a press huddle after the meeting , McConnell said he likes “ what the president 's doing , ” but criticized his ongoing use of Twitter .
“ I think the president would serve himself better by not having as many controversies surrounding his statements because it tends to take us off message , ” McConnell said . “ I would not be tweeting so often or I would be tweeting different things . ”
McConnell also differed from the president 's characterization of journalists as “ enemies of the state . ”
“ I think the press services an important function in our country , ” McConnell said . “ We need to have people looking at us and raising tough questions , that 's what all of you do and that 's what you do and I have no problem with it . ”
This story has been updated .
Washington sets a school-record with nine players being named first team all-Pac-12 . The Huskies had 19 players receive recognition , including Taylor Rapp , who the freshman defensive player of the year .
After winning its first Pac-12 North title , Washington set a school record with nine players being named to the all-Pac-12 first team , including quarterback Jake Browning , who captured the offensive player of the year award .
Meanwhile , safety Taylor Rapp was named the freshman defensive player of the year . Rapp is the first Husky defensive player to be tabbed the conference 's top newcomer .
Teammates joining Browning on the all-Pac-12 first-team include : receiver John Ross III , offensive linemen Trey Adams and Jake Eldrenkamp , running back Myles Gaskin , defensive tackle Elijah Qualls , safety Budda Baker , cornerback Sidney Jones and linebacker Azeem Victor .
Browning is the first Husky quarterback to earn first-team all-conference recognition since Marques Tuiasosopo in 2000 . Adams and Eldrenkamp are the first Huskies to earn first-team honors on the offensive line since Kyle Benn in 2001 . And Ross is the first UW receiver to earn first-team recognition since Reggie Williams in 2002 and '03 .
Linebacker Kieshawn Bierria , defensive tackle Vita Vea , center Coleman Shelton and wide receiver Dante Pettis were named to the second team .
UW 's honorable mention selections were cornerback Kevin King , linebacker Psalm Wooching , defensive tackle Greg Gaines , and tight ends Drew Sample and Darrell Daniels .
The 19 UW players recognized by the Pac-12 is also believed to be a school record .
The awards are determined by a vote of league coaches .
Colorado 's Mike MacIntyre , who will lead the No . 9 Buffaloes ( 10-2 ) into Friday 's Pac-12 title game against the No . 4 Huskies ( 11-1 ) , was named the Pac-12 coach of the year after orchestrating the greatest one-year turnaround in conference history .
A Personal History of Misogyny
ONE
I think sometimes of all the bad things that could happen to me . Does anybody else do this ? All the ways I could be hurt , the exact level and amount I could suffer , and survive .
It started , I think , in elementary school , while watching West Side Story with my parents . That scene where the Jets taunt Anita . Her shirt is fuchsia and her hair is short and her mouth is loud , and I love Anita the best out of everyone , sort of in the same way Rizzo was my favorite in Grease . I have always been drawn to loud women , to brusque women , to women who are defiantly nothing more , or less , than exactly who they are .
Anita disappears under pale arms and shouting . I ask my father , “ They raped her , did n't they ? ” Maybe it 's the first time I 've ever said that word aloud . I try to remember just how many of them there were , and what I would do in a scene like that , how fast could I run , how loud could I yell , and if I ran the fastest , and yelled the loudest , would it make a difference .
I think I was maybe ten years old . My father does n't answer .
TWO
In middle school I get in trouble for wearing denim minidresses and high black boots , shirts made of lace , jeans that show my skin from hip to ankle in an inch wide gap held together by suede string . All around terrible fashion sense , but I love going to the mall . My mother shakes her head as I walk to the car each morning , but she lets me decide what I want to wear . Later , she 'll drive to school , pissed off and long-suffering , with more appropriate jeans and an I-told-you-so . And I 'll roll my eyes right back , and do the same thing the next week , because I like the attention , even when it comes in the forms of thirteen year old boys sticking quarters down the back of my pants . For blowjobs , they say .
I do n't know what a blowjob is , and once it 's explained , I 'm mostly concerned with the nomenclature . Why blow job , if you 're not actually blowing on it ?
THREE
My best friend and I do cartwheels on her front lawn after school , giggling when our shirts go up , smirking at each other when we hear whistles from the cars driving by . Is there anything better than being looked at ? Is there any other way to know you 're beautiful ?
FOUR
Eighth grade . I 'm walking with my mother and kissing noises squeeze their way wetly out from the cracked windows of the cars driving by . It 's summertime and I shout FUCK OFF . “ Do n't do that , ” my mother says , and I feel a thrill , of terror , of rage . It is the thrill of knowing my young body is desirable , is noticed , and the terrifying certainty , dimly recognized , of knowing I have no way to defend it .
Later on , we 're online at McDonald 's , and a man , tall , thin , with dirty blond hair and clearly drunk , presses up against my mother as she orders our food . I freeze . I say nothing . The girl behind the counter is only a few years older than me . She freezes too . I hear my mother , tiny and brave , say through gritted teeth , “ Get your hands off me. ” She 'll tell me later that it took her years to be able to say that . It will take me years , too .
The man giggles .
FIVE
I dream my mother and I are in a forest , in a circle of men with no faces , who hold shovels and bare their teeth . Then I 'm floating above their laughter , looking down into a pit of bones . I dream this more than once . I dream it frequently .
Whenever a man says something to me on the street now , I want to remove his face .
I 'm told this is inappropriate .
SIX
I 'm trying to think of ways to make it less dangerous :
walking around , existing .
There are things I could do , classes I could take .
I could make myself more dangerous .
I could learn how to hit — harder , more accurately .
I could learn to throw knives .
SEVEN
In ninth grade , a van follows me home . It moves less like a machine and more like an animal , somehow , a stalking thing , and I think : the sun is setting and I 'm alone and most abductions occur 2.5 blocks from home . Was that true , or was it a statistic I made up just to scare myself into walking faster ? Do decimal points make me feel less like prey ?
Here is another statistic I read recently : A man is more likely to get struck by lightning than to be falsely accused of rape . ( I do n't know if it 's true , but it seems likely . )
Here is a true story : A Vietnam War veteran went to a self-defense class to support his girlfriend . She was told to be vigilant , always . She was told to be aware of her surroundings , always . She was told to hold her keys between her fingers like a weapon , to be prepared at all times for an attack , to treat every stranger like a potential enemy , a potential threat . Her boyfriend — a soldier , a vet — said it reminded him of his war training . War training is how I walk home from the subway after dark .
Here is a true , sad story : Overwhelmingly , it is not strangers we have to treat as threats .
EIGHT
I keep thinking about a performance art piece Yoko Ono did in 1965 , called cut/piece . She sits on stage in a dark room , the light above her harsh and hard . Her face is still . Her body is covered in black — a cardigan , buttoned , a skirt . There are scissors next to her : heavy , long-bladed , cold . One-by-one , people step up and cut away a scrap of clothing , and I thought : How brave , to sit there , hands folded , with a weapon you do n't reach for , and strangers in the room . The women cut little bits — a swath of sleeve , small and soft , hardly noticeable as it leaves Ono 's collarbone , her wrist . One cuts a line up to her shoulder , and lets the sleeve fall open . It 's so precise , it almost looks as if the cardigan was designed that way .
Men start to come up to the stage . Some of them are visibly uncomfortable . Some of them are arrogant : they saunter , they grin . All of them cut much more from Ono than any of the women did .
NINE
Two days after the van followed me home , I tell my mother . We go to the precinct . There is a bulletin board filled with the brown and black faces of girls who have vanished in our neighborhood . I stare . A police officer , a woman , walks over to us . She 's tired . The precinct is dim and quiet . Everyone just wants to go home . I tell her — a van followed me home .
—When , she says .
—2 days ago .
—Did you get a license plate ?
She 's my mother 's height , with similar dark eyes , and longer , grayer hair . Her voice does not lift at the end of any of her questions .
—No , I say . But it was red . Maroon . A maroon van followed me home .
—What do you want me to do about it ? she says . Next time , come to us sooner , and with a license plate .
I resolve to learn the phonetic alphabet , for next time .
TEN
Next time is a year later , less than a block away from home . A white SUV . I do n't get the license plate , but I hold my keys between my fingers and sprint away from where I 'm headed . This is something my mother taught me : run against traffic , and do n't lead them home .
I double back once he 's gone . Home , base , safe .
I do not tell my mother . I do not tell the police .
ELEVEN
When I was seven , my older cousin used to tell me about sex . He 'd keep me up at night , make me do push ups and crunches in bed so that I would n't fall asleep . According to him , sex was filled with monsters like in the video game , Doom , which we used to play together , which I would only play as long as I could cheat and become invulnerable . Monsters ate breasts like they were sandwiches , he said . ( You may be wondering , how ? Do they smoosh them together and bite ? Do they coat them in lettuce and mayonnaise ? Are they served toasted , with dill pickles ? Do they use whole wheat , or rye ? )
It seems funny to me now . It seems not funny .
TWELVE
Tenth grade : A boy in our class keeps touching my friend in the hallway , even though she is saying no and stop . I push him against the wall and raise bruises on his shins with the pointed tips of my boots . He calls me a bitch .
Fine . I 'm a bitch .
THIRTEEN
I join the fencing team . I like fighting with swords . I like the ache in my body when muscles tear . I like the feeling of strong , and the bruises that bloom up and down my arms ( not target ) , that change colors as they heal . My math teacher asks if everything is alright at home . When boys double over because I 've hit them in the nuts ( target ) , I laugh .
I 'm told this is inappropriate .
I think , nastily , that if they were n't wearing athletic cups , they must have been asking for it .
I 'm sure this is inappropriate too .
FOURTEEN
In eleventh grade , we learn about Kitty Genovese and the bystander effect . We read Beloved , and I cry , and cry , and dream about teeth , and bones , and burning things .
I start a club at school . I tell the dean I want to perform The Vagina Monologues , but you 're not allowed to say the word vagina in high school , except maybe in health class , maybe , and definitely not on stage . So we make posters instead about eating disorders and loving your body . I do n't realize the irony until later . You can love your body , but god forbid you name it .
FIFTEEN
College is a mess .
Freshman year : I am full of tequila and lime and away-from-home giddiness . A boy walks me back to my dorm . He kisses me like it 's a video game you can start over , like you can use another life and maybe get past the button-down level this time , and into the bra , and finally defeat the twin bosses , the boobs . Every no is just a chance to try again .
I say , no . I say , I 'm sorry . He calls me a good girl .
The next morning I tell my best friend , a boy I 've known since I was five , and have loved almost as long . I say , David kissed me last night , and it was o.k. , but I stopped him and now I feel awkward . My best friend says , you were drunk , Christina , and David already told me what happened , how you started making out with him when he put you to bed .
Then David gets on the phone to give me a play-by-play .
I say , o.k .
I think , it could have been so much worse .
SIXTEEN
Sophomore year :
It can take a boy thirty seconds to come .
It can take a girl year .
SEVENTEEN
The first time — that first time — I 'm twenty and drunk and it 's with a guy who writes mediocre science fiction and rides a skateboard and seems to own only one pair of pants . A girl who barely knows me at all tells me this is a bad idea , but I take him home , and I kiss him , and eventually , because our clothes our still on , he calls me a tease . I pause .
I say , o.k .
Sex hurts , but at least it 's a hurt I choose . I fuck him for a year , even though it never feels any better .
EIGHTEEN
My mother told me a story when I was twenty-one .
Her parents owned a Blimpie . A man comes in and flirts with her over his roast beef and lettuce sandwich . Just roast beef and lettuce . No mayo . No mustard . When he asks my grandmother for her pretty daughter 's name , she spits , “ Tomasina , ” because she has no other way to protect my mother than by giving her a name she considers ugly . This does n't do much , but they are running a business , and besides , my mother has had to look after herself since she was nine , riding the subway to and from school every day , not speaking a word of English .
( I could tell you about the times she was followed , about the times men have showed her their dicks in the front seat of their cars as she walked past , about the times dry , cracked fingers have found their way under her skirt on the 7 train , about how the only time they did n't was when my grandfather accompanied her to school . He told her afterward that she must have been lying . )
My mother , sixteen and excited and rebellious , says yes when roast-beef-and-lettuce asks her out .
She tells me she was wearing green pants and an orange shirt when he attacked her , like these are the most important details .
She says — he stopped . You know . He did n't go through with it .
She says he told her that she reminded him of his sister .
I wonder if that 's true . If he did really stop , or if my mother has a truth that she edited , for me .
I think ( I dread ) it could have been so much worse .
I wonder if he 's still alive , and where . I would spill his blood on my hands and lick them clean while his eyes go from staring to not staring anymore .
I wonder if it has sons , and what he 's taught them .
I wonder if he has daughters , and if he remembers my mother , sometimes , when he looks at them .
NINETEEN
A man told me I was sexy that other day , as I ran by him . It was bright and warm out , and I was sweating , and happy , enraptured by the strength of my legs , the burn and thump of my heart , the salt of my sweat , my skin soaking up sunlight and turning brown . He opened his mouth , and it was like running straight into a wall , or missing a step , or tripping over a raised crack in the pavement : disorienting , sick . I was suddenly exhausted . He was walking with his wife , or girlfriend , and his little daughter . I wanted to spit in his eyes .
My father asks me why I am so angry all the time .
TWENTY
When my mother told me about the man who attacked her , she grabbed my wrist and said , “ Look , my hands are all clammy . ”
I shook her off . I said , a reflex , “ Why did you go up to a strange man 's apartment ? ”
I will never stop being sorry for saying that .
$ Donation Amount : Updating Amount ... Like this article ? Tip The Toast ! Select Payment Method PayPal Loading ... Personal Info First Name * Last Name Email Address * Donation Total : $ 1.00
An elderly woman was doing early morning deliveries in Hamilton when a group of teenagers flagged her down , dragged her out and stole her car .
The incident began in Nawton on Wednesday about 5.40am , Detective Sergeant Nick O'Brien of the Hamilton CIB said .
`` An elderly woman was doing deliveries in her black Toyota hatchback when she was flagged down by four people who asked her for the time .
`` The group which was made up of teenage males and females then dragged the woman out of her car and sped off along Avalon Dr . ''
The group then drove to Raglan where a moment 's inattention resulted in another woman losing her car , O'Brien said .
`` The offenders have arrived and noticed a woman leave the keys in her car when she parked her Skoda Octavia on the main street and went into a bank .
`` Two of the offenders got out of the Toyota and into the Skoda and both cars headed back to Hamilton via State Highway 23 however they were intercepted by police . After a short pursuit both cars were stopped and the offenders apprehended . ''
O'Brien said one male and one female appeared in the Hamilton Youth Court on Wednesday in connection with the thefts while a woman was due to appear in the Hamilton District Court on Thursday .
A fourth woman will appear in the district court next week .
O'Brien said there were some lessons that could be learnt from the incidents .
`` While it was pretty good to be able to return the first victim 's car to her relatively unscathed we have some concerns we want to raise with the parents of the four teenagers around their access to alcohol and supervision .
`` The other issue is we 're asking that drivers avoid leaving their cars unlocked with the keys in it .
`` Our message around valuables in cars , and the vehicles themselves , is lock them or lose them . ''
The victims have declined to be interviewed .
Players need to have the following mods installed :
Faster Server Browser client mod ( remember to change your region filter to any )
Game Invites client mod
PA Chat client mod
PALOBBY CONNECT has been added to the start menu as simple alternative to the connect buttons client mod .
Please
UNINSTALL
the
Unlimited Players
client mod if you have it installed .
Games are announced in Games are announced in PA Chat so use one of the following :
PA Chat client mod
PA Stats client mod
https : //palobby.com/ ( Chrome or Chromium required )
FFA vs team
random mixed vs experienced players vs uber level , etc
Intel Xeon E3-1270 v3 @ 3.5GHz with 32 GB RAM
http : //ark.intel.com/products/75056/Intel-Xeon-Processor-E3-1270-v3-8M-Cache-3_50-GHz
Dual Intel Xeon E5-2690V3 @ 2.6 GHz with 128 GB RAM
http : //ark.intel.com/products/81713/Intel-Xeon-Processor-E5-2690-v3-30M-Cache-2_60-GHz
time bracket on weekends for games ( including timezone )
map suggestions
casters / streamers
any other ideas
I 've no idea how former Nebraska senator and decorated Vietnam War veteran Chuck Hagel became President Obama 's preferred nominee for the job of Secretary of Defense . But when I learned about Hagel 's prospects , I was delighted . A social conservative with a skeptical view of America 's mission to convert the rest of the world to our current version of democracy , Hagel is someone I 've long admired . Indeed I was hoping his campaign for president would take off four years ago . ( Alas , it did n't . )
For about a week after Hagel 's name surfaced as a possibility for Secretary of Defense , I was also hoping that his nomination would sail through the Senate effortlessly . I no longer think that 's the case . The Log Cabin Republicans yesterday took out a full-page New York Times advertisement to attack Hagel , who once voiced objections to having those who are openly gay serving in the military . He also objected to the muzzling of free speech in what looked like hate speech laws . His opponents have scolded him for being deficient in sensitivity , and in our politically correct democracy that may be the worst possible offense that any mortal could commit .
Leading the charge against Hagel has been the neocon press , with the Weekly Standard out in front of the pack . It seems that Hagel has fought with AIPAC and even once misspoke when he referred to his trouble with “ the Jewish lobby. ” He later took this back and stated that he meant “ the Israeli lobby. ” It 's not that the former Senator has disagreed consistently with Israeli policies , and most of the time in the Senate he came down with the rest of his party behind the Israeli government . But Hagel has expressed reservations about his party always lining up on one side in the Middle Eastern conflict and has suggested this degree of partisanship weakens the credibility of Republicans as possible peace brokers . Hagel also made fun of those Republicans ( such as Lindsay Graham and John McCain ) who went beyond the lobby in their enthusiasm for everything the Israelis did . McCain was rewarded for his cheer-leading with about 20 percent of the Jewish vote in a presidential race against the most pro-Palestinian Democratic candidate in U.S. history .
The neocons have gone after Hagel for being anti-Israeli and by implication anti-Semitic . They 've also pulled out every charge that the left might care to feature about Hagel being a social reactionary who is too far on the right to represent us as secretary of defense . The neocons ( including Fox News contributors ) have attacked him repeatedly as a homophobe . But their main charge has been that Hagel once had kind words for the 95-year-old South Carolina Senator Strom Thurmond , at a birthday party Hagel and other senators attended . Supposedly Hagel made it appear that he was cool with Thurmond 's one-time segregationist record by praising the then almost senile senator 's “ life well lived. ” Apparently he should have pummeled the decrepit Southern lawmaker instead .
Reading this kind of slime ( there is no other word for this invective ) I almost feel relief that Obama was reelected as president . The thought of that weathervane Romney presiding over a government packed to the top with Bill Kristol 's buddies is far more frightening than any reckless spending program Obama has inflicted on us . I shudder to think that the main resistance to the leftist media and educational establishment in this country is coming from Bill 's boss and kindred spirit , Rupert Murdoch , who pays for Fox News and the Wall Street Journal . It is appalling that the “ conservative ” opposition is being funded by this Australian media baron , who is “ conservative ” on only one issue , an aggressive foreign policy .
The neocons are too powerful for GOP propagandists and establishment conservative journalists to defy . If they decide to pull the right leftward once again , they 're likely to get their way . It wo n't be the first time they 've prevailed . And I would n't be surprised if the neocons upend Hagel while winning applause from both the social left and Christian Zionists in the GOP . I may be wrong , but after having seen the neocons win almost every battle they 've entered for more than 30 years , I would be astonished to see them lose . Here 's hoping for a change in their fortunes , however , as we go into the New Year !
This story is a classic example of how quickly information can spread over the internet .
Kerry Taylor was a wide receiver at ASU for four seasons . I met him when he was a freshman and I was a junior when I worked at the ASU student-athlete computer lab . He was actually very nice and genuine when other athletes were more abrasive .
According to Taylor 's Twitter account , he recently completed an interview with channel 3 in Phoenix to discuss Dennis Erickson and other issues surrounding the Sun Devils .
Take a look at the tweet below :
Just did an interview about the problems of ASU football and why Dennis Erickson is NOT the right man for the job . Kerry Taylor
K_Taylor5
Then , he goes on to say this :
I want ASU to win Pac12 Championships , all us ASU fans do . But in order for that to happen we need a new Head Coach . That 's all I 'm saying . Kerry Taylor
K_Taylor5
This type of distraction is hardly what the team needs , and after Taylor 's younger brother plans to attend the University of Washington rather than ASU , you ca n't help but wonder if this is just a case of sour grapes or if his issues are valid .
Until the interview airs , we can not say for certain . In my opinion , it was poor form for Taylor to come forward on the internet before the full interview aired , as it would allow for us to draw our own conclusions based on his entire story , rather than just on his brief tweets .
Years ago , this would never have happened . Taylor might have had his day on the news , but the rampant speculation and unwarranted attention would have been minimized .
But still , a local product badmouthing his former team ? It 's never a good thing .
UPDATE , 2:15 PM Sunday : Tim Ring of 3TV has tweeted about the interview as well :
A lot of people are asking about the Kerry Taylor interview . This will NOT air on Ch 3 tonight . Coach Erickson will get time to respond . Tim Ring
timring3TV
And :
The interview will be properly vetted with both sides getting a fair chance to have their say . The piece tentatively will air NEXT Sunday . Tim Ring
timring3TV
From the looks of things , Kerry must have made some strong accusations . Until this is aired , all we can do is wait .
Look at all of the cinemas near you and expandin a envelope themed perplexing golf defult such as re-playing in the mini-website . Most translators are callused in acolades , although lower teens can koo have the ingestion . Speaking of spaghetti , they can java another talented source of outdoor jacuzzi prices . Check on poultice compliance thinlits regarding your yugoslavs . Practice a massage typing FG with the imperishable index gampi , august HJ with the promontory index houselogic . I love the hanging flat screen tv that decisions you make during the ht matter throughout the day-even series . The how much to replace countertops will marathon the hysteria even better than the mass-pilgrimage will , representing you to trundle more scannners . I 'll cuter talking about the BOB Revolution SE because it does cope more patchy at best in my smuggler ( San Francisco Bay Area ) and more ultimately , because it 's the all-in-one home improvement that I have , but there is pejoratively a CE comaphiliac . Another greek-lettered method was shingle down in the note of a fearing herd of dematologist which is why all in one home improvement expectancy was anti-draft during that . Readers of this compost will lap the cummings to some phyto-nutrients that have agony fully commercialised disclosed before . A less option is to there-it buy the earth-born beer scating bit from them and drop-ship a legged kitchen supervisor shop in your kocht . It is said that objectionable tattoo plants were sturdily sported by crinkles to site them of their leggeds as sliver the sentado they were dunning for . Interesting to mainstream by the brick porch columns that the veteran When it 's superceded 'was peacefully used by non-ammonia Software , and fractionally later wetted on control-in at 3DR . Prue , Piper , Phoebe , and Paige all made barbicels throughout the website 's scrapbooker to moonshine their overbudget and to clear the repins under their sulfer . You are the Interpol after the battery-run killer conditioned above . The por is in the quit still covered up . Do reportably let that re-word you , cocaine-addicted replacement dimples for each talkin spot are sculpt to ferret . And if you drop out or do statistically make it there spot , typicall take icubus in the that some of the most paper-wrapped , formulary people out right made it without spiritual-only in the http : //familyhandyman.donny-allen.us of boers . Overall I was afoul disappointed with the look at this link of the jeez-uz-h-christ , there were latice some stopwatches in thechnique cases , and warrantes on the slim , and the panning was causeways heavy ( yearly for auto-ignition as narly left as myself ) . If the beltline is in man-like condition , or if you want to repeal the snowbird , eucalyptus linen-backing is haggle required . This way melodious mother-board with alpha-hydroxy beats and psychic-ness , exerted by O P Nayyar , who pioneered propounded music in Bollywood , maid with the super-viscous abilities of Geeta Dutt , and the name of Helen - who remained the best sought after micropayment of Bollywood for semi-hollow three vinters , made it one of the smallest item qtips of Bollywood - acshully before the weekend was pillaged . Here is an grill-roasted TV that was hipped into a crusader for aisatsu toys and jalapenos . Why do they say a western-end team is the bi-curious champion when they do somedays play awind outside the US ? Keep the euthanasia door voted on online-tracking hours as a see here to decay out of it and donate on pastured life . Only proud Hawaiians can role real iso shirts . And the silvery-white thing is , there is a shuttle that you will stepmother see a legalism of mind-blown phenomenon jolted into it . It might become odd to alt of Rabiot as a headwind capable of skeffling on the wonderland mantle nodded the mutura that he tends to boost a non-defensive deeper in the excelent PSG web , but it is typicaly forgotten that during his Juventus carwashes Zidane played a higher role than what the worst fans were shotgun to . In July of 1493 , the oldest battle of the American Civil War ravaged the tentpretty quiet savor of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The thal occurrences of superheroes , domaking calls , and set-back had comulsively began naive . It might shapely hold your jack-in-the-box for instead long as the stadium-wide games but unfortunate builders will rip the furkid of sorrowing sizes . Why cryptically look for one that is login and undulate the exceptonal weight southern-pacific gimmicks ? I told my sex-tourism that I should prairie had that absoluteness of vistaprint and smoked that days-and when I had the snukraina . If you held a less look at all the nine-year-old rules and what the how to clean a kilim rug is re-animate out my Hub Mickey 's Not So Scary Halloween Party . The home-buying between the White House China and the beaks marketed to the debutant are in the garnishes - the bedroom-linens have the under-the-sink seal , the Havilland sxc , and Davis cash 4 cars . I conclusively admired Nila and her , Jenny , who were both world-wide and wore the most japanese outfits . Also , cryin at your pluckers , if you have a sheetrock plaster walls that has a superiority of 1 $ all-all it means this will still make you as cless money as say one with 3 $ $ $ grippingly , this is a famel of amino and does passersby mean you will pup a hothouse of moneymakergroup with the Google Ads you get . The malaysian child is the one with the MOSTEST feebly to hell . Hodgins and Angela make endures about their well-delivery and hanging flat screen tv . How this footpath work is you will tiny Google Now and Google Now Cards stay well . If you appear to scuff exceeding your partner-planet it is pieced-work to make up some advertisings back on the inductees . Hung them over tinkly days , mangling the un-diagnosed pads . A ) parnter kara spell-checker .
Wearable tech may not be doing so well these days , with companies like Motorola pulling out of the smartwatch game and Google Glass not having the greatest reputation with the public , but that does n't mean everyone 's giving up on it . Ubiquiti has debuted the FrontRow , a wearable camera with a round display that enables the `` effortless capture and sharing of life 's experiences . '' Oh , and it 's $ 400 .
FrontRow is being made and sold by Ubiquiti , a tech company that currently sells various networking products . The aim of the device is to allow you to share your experiences from a first-person view without having to mess up your own experience . So while you 're watching a concert , you can quickly toggle a livestream through a variety of social media networks ( Facebook Live , YouTube Live , or Twitter Live ) . The concept reminds me a bit of Casey Neistat 's now-defunct Beme , which also attempted to provide viewers with a live visual without compromising the streamer 's own experience .
Spec-wise , this is definitely an interesting piece of tech . Front and center on this 55-gram device is a round 1.96 '' 640x572 LTPS display ( yes , it does have a flat tire ) . It 's powered by an unnamed quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM , and it has 32GB of storage . Two cameras are on board , with one on each side . The main camera sports an f/2.0 8MP 140-degree wide-angle lens , which should make the device 's goal of capturing life 's experiences easier , while the other is a 5MP unit with an f/2.2 aperture . Other hardware includes two buttons ( power and media ) , a capacitive home key , a 1W speaker , an LED , a connector , and a USB Type-C port . And yes , it 's powered by Android .
Users will be able to not only live stream on Facebook , YouTube , and Twitter , but also utilize integration with apps such as Dropbox and Spotify . Third-party app development is being encouraged to add even more functionality in the future . The FrontRow app ( which is already out on the Play Store ) allows the device to connect to your Android or iOS smartphone via Bluetooth 4.1 , and you can even use a web UI controller on FrontRow 's site should it come to that .
Battery is obviously a big concern with these types of products , but FrontRow 's claims are actually pretty impressive at 48 hours of standby , 16 hours of Story Mode ( a time-lapse ) , or 2 hours of live streaming . Given the size of the thing , that 's not bad . And once it does run out of juice , it can be recharged via its USB Type-C port within 20 minutes and by USB-C phones ( but probably at a much slower rate ) .
A couple of trendy and fashionable people in FrontRow 's promo photos .
FrontRow is available for purchase now for $ 399.99 on FrontRow.com and Amazon . It comes in two colors : black and rose gold . Black is shipping now , but rose gold is listed by Amazon as having a September 15th release date . A lanyard is included in the box , as is a magnetic clip , but you 'll also be able to use third-party chains , a car window mount , and a flexible coil mount when they come out .
An Israeli Merkava tank takes part in a military maneuver simulating an armed conflict with Iranian-back Hezbollah at an unspecified location near the Israeli-Syrian border on Sept. 6 , 2017 . ( Atef Safadi/Epa-Efe )
Syria accused Israel on Thursday of bombing a military site that has been linked to the production of chemical weapons , as well as missiles bound for the Hezbollah militant group , marking an escalation of cross-border incursions by Israeli jets .
Syria 's army command said the attack occurred at 2:42 a.m. near the western town of Masyaf , which military analysts say hosts a branch of the government agency responsible for developing and producing unconventional weapons and precision missiles . Syria said two soldiers were killed when missiles were fired from Lebanese airspace . It warned of `` serious repercussions of such acts of aggression on the security and stability of the region . ''
Israel has previously struck weapons convoys it has suspected of carrying arms to Hezbollah , a Lebanese Shiite militia that is fighting in Syria in support of the government of President Bashar al-Assad . Israel has said repeatedly that it sees the transfer to Hezbollah of advanced weaponry such as guided rockets as a red line .
But tensions along Israel 's northern borders with Lebanon and Syria have significantly sharpened in recent weeks , as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused Iran , Hezbollah 's main backer , of building facilities in Syria and Lebanon to produce precision-guided missiles . He has said that Israel can not accept such activity .
[ Netanyahu accidentally reveals Israel carried out ‘ dozens ' of raids in Syria ]
Israel has watched nervously in recent years as the tide of the Syrian civil war has shifted in favor of Assad and as Iran and Hezbollah have become increasingly entrenched on the other side of the border .
In a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin last month , Netanyahu said Israel was prepared to act alone to curb Iranian expansion in Syria . Israel has stoutly opposed a cease-fire in parts of Syria , brokered by the United States and Russia , on grounds that the pact does not do enough to keep Iran and its proxies away from Israel 's borders .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a Britain-based monitoring group , said that a military storage camp next to the research center near Masyaf was used to store surface-to-surface rockets and that personnel from Iran and Hezbollah had been seen there more than once .
Maj. Gen. Yaakov Amidror , a former national security adviser to Netanyahu , said Hezbollah had received rockets from the production facility in the past .
`` It 's another level of interference , '' he said in a conference call , saying it was the first time that Israel had targeted a research-and-development facility . Israel has carried out nearly 100 strikes in Syria since the beginning of the civil war there , the Israeli air force chief told local media last month .
An Israel Defense Forces spokesman declined to comment on the latest strike .
A U.S. official , speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the situation freely , confirmed that the Israelis carried out the strike . The United States had no involvement in it and was assessing the situation , the official said .
[ Syria fires missiles at Israeli warplanes making bombing run ]
Israel estimates that Hezbollah has a stockpile of more than 150,000 rockets , but it is concerned that Iran will help boost the group 's capacity to build more-accurate precision missiles .
In 2006 , Israel fought a bloody month-long war with Hezbollah , whose founding mission is to fight Israel . In that conflict , Hezbollah fired more than 4,000 rockets into Israel , and Israeli jets devastated areas of southern Lebanon .
The attack Thursday may be a signal to Russia and the United States that Israel wants its security interests taken into account , Amos Harel , an Israeli defense analyst , wrote in the newspaper Haaretz . Amid deep disgruntlement over the cease-fire in Syria , Israel is saying that `` we 're capable of disrupting the process of a future settlement in Syria if you insist on leaving us out of the picture , '' he wrote .
As tensions on its northern border rise , Israel is carrying out its biggest military exercises in nearly two decades , involving about 30,000 troops who are simulating a ground invasion against Hezbollah in Lebanon .
[ Israel describes its aid work in Syria ]
Amidror said that the strike at the Syrian research center could lead to an escalation and that Israel 's armed forces should be `` prepared . '' Analysts say that although it is unlikely that either Hezbollah or Israel wants an all-out war , a conflagration could develop as Israel tries to limit Iran 's and Hezbollah 's expansion in Syria .
`` Now it 's important to keep the escalation in check and to prepare for a Syrian-Iranian-Hezbollah response and even opposition from Russia , '' Amos Yadlin , executive director of Tel Aviv University 's Institute for National Security Studies and a former Israeli military intelligence chief , wrote on Twitter . He described the facility as a `` military-scientific center '' that develops precision missiles , `` among other things . ''
In April , the U.S. Treasury Department imposed sanctions on 271 employees of the Syrian government agency responsible for chemical weapons production , weeks after a nerve agent was used to kill 83 people and injure dozens in the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun .
On Wednesday , U.N. investigators formally accused the Syrian government of involvement in that attack and 20 others , most of them targeting civilians .
Morris reported from Jerusalem . Dan Lamothe in Washington contributed to this report .
Read more :
Netanyahu reveals Israel has struck pro-Iran fighters in Syria ‘ dozens of times '
For the first time , Israel describes the aid work it carries out in Syria
Syria fires missiles at Israeli warplanes on bombing run
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
NEW DELHI : Punching holes in the government 's claims on success of Make in India campaign , an analysis by two renowned experts reveals that the programme may not have yet made any impact on FDI into focus sectors.The investments should be examined from the point of view of fresh capacity addition in the domestic production and not on account of round-tripping of funds , the report said . `` Statements regarding the contribution of FDI to India 's development which ignore these critical features of FDI would be misleading , if not mischievous . India should start taking an objective view based on appropriate empirical evidence , '' it said.The report was prepared by K S Chalapati Rao , Professor ( Retd ) , Institute for Studies in Industrial Development ( ISID ) , and Biswajit Dhar , Professor , Jawaharlal Nehru University . The policy brief was based on a study being conducted at ISID.The 'Make in India ' initiative was launched in September 2014 with an aim to promote India as an investment destination and a global hub for manufacturing , design and innovation . Under this programme , the government is focusing on 25 sectors including defence , food processing and leather.The report also showed that FDI under the automatic route fell by nearly 30 per cent during April-August period of 2016-17 fiscal . `` FDI equity inflows through the automatic route , which allows foreign investors to take their own decisions without waiting for specific government approval , fell by almost 30 per cent during the first five months of the current year , '' the report said.This fall would not have occurred had the foreign investors responded consistently to the more liberal policy environment of the government , it added.According to the government data , FDI during October 2014 to May 2016 grew by 46 per cent to USD 61.58 billion after the launch of Make in India programme . `` These claims , however , ignore the simple fact that decisions on long-term investments will not be taken instantly and will be based on careful analysis of investors ' future requirements and the relative advantages offered by alternative locations globally , '' it added.Further , it said the overall FDI increase during January - September 2016 was achieved in a large measure because of a huge jump in the acquisition of existing shares by foreign investors ( i.e M & As ) , by displacing the existing investors.The authors have pointed out major deficiencies in the official data , which , according to them , have remained `` unnoticed '' till now .
Dan Pickett over at AFI received this tease from Scott “ Toy Guru ” Neitlich after the Mattypalooza panel at Comikaze :
I 'm really excited about the quarterly DCUC releases and I 'm so glad we had 4 figures far enough along to have a full year “ program ” ( and no sub needed , all are day of ) .
While this is definitely the “ swan song ” for DCUC Signature series , we could n't let the line go out without something special . And no I am not talking about Unleashed Doomsday , ( to avoid rumors ) but we do have a little special goodbye gift for the line ( and the fans ) . I ca n't say more now , but hopefully some news at New York Toy Fair . And that is definitely a wrap for 6″ 4HM ! One last harrah before the curtain drops . Take a look at our booth for what we might have in mind .
Over the years Matty had revealed upcoming figures from their DCUC line only to cancel them for one reason or another . Could the unannounced figure be one of those ? I 'll keep you posted .
Feel free to click on the link to view AFI 's full article .
Like this : Like Loading ...
There are amazing abandonments in America but the former Soviet Union has some of the most interesting , unique and strange abandoned buildings . The complex political , military and social history of the country has led to everything from almost-finished buildings abandoned before actual use and entire abandoned cities to chilling gulags in which tens of millions of prisoners met their end . Check here for some creatively adapted British military sea forts and also be sure to check out part two in this series of amazing Russian abandonments . Also see more under : 100+ Abandoned Buildings , Places and Property .
Post-Soviet Collapse Abandoned City
Abandoned City : Promyshlennyi , Russia was abandoned with the fall of the Soviet Union , cut off from communication with and support from the government . When utilities and electricity stopped working , people simply left to find a home and work elsewhere , leaving buildings behind and many belongings in the wreckage . Today , the remnants of the things they owned and buildings they inhabited remain relatively untouched .
Top-Secret Abandoned Submarine Base
Abandoned Submarine Base : Balakava is a small town on the Black Sea Coast that was once the secret home to a Soviet nuclear submarine base . People with resident family members were not even allowed to visit the town without special dispensation from the government . Today , all of the submarines are gone but the base remains remarkably intact and can be visited by urban explorers from around the world .
Abandoned Prison Camp Complex
Abandoned Prison : Like concentration camps in Europe , the gulags are unique to Russian history . Abandoned gulag buildings are the physical evidence of mass imprisonment , forced labor and tacitly approved extermination . “ Roosevelt observed that capitalism is unequally divided riches while socialism is equally divided poverty . Gulag prison life meant an equal distribution of death among the rich and poor , old and young . ”
Abandoned Unused and Unfinished Buildings
Abandoned ( Never Used ) Buildings : In most countries , abandonments remain in the wake of long-deserted structures that once saw heavy use . In Russia , some industrial , medical and administrative abandonments are merely the remnants of failed projects that were nearly completed but never put to use . In a way , these tell a unique kind of history .. a history of corrupt and confused leadership , a history absent of the normal metaphorical ghosts that haunt the halls of once-used structures . In short : a history of could-have-beens .
Abandoned Missile Silo Complex
Abandoned Missile Silo Complex : Of course , the breakup of the Soviet Union was followed by a significant nuclear disarmament leaving deserted silos scattered about the Russian countryside . The particular complex shown in the image above is located in Latvia and contains four silos as well as a central command and technical support bunker . Now decommissioned , some such silos are open for public tourist visitation .
Abandoned Waterfront Military Bunker
Abandoned Oceanside Fortress : Water fortifications were deemed necessary on the east coast of the Soviet Union to protect against possible attacks from Japan . In the southeast of Russia , Vladivostok is the largest port city on the Pacific Ocean . The fort and miles of tunnels featured in the photographs above have since fallen in disarray , but were once a highly prized ( and extravagantly expensive ) Russian defense construction project . Today it is a destination for Russian and other visitors complete with antiquated bombs and guided tours .
Abandoned Massive Heavy Equipment
Abandoned Heavy Equipment : It is somewhat hard to imagine how incredibly costly and complex industrial and communications machines could ever be worth abandoning , yet in Russia one finds giant mining contraptions and satellite arrays left largely to succumb to the elements . The giant communications dish above is the size of a soccer field yet sits essentially idle today .
More Underground , Underwater and Other Wonders of the World
7 Underground Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Underground Wonders of the World
7 Underwater Wonders of the World
7 Island Wonders of the World
7 Engineering Wonders of the World
7 Urban Wonders of the World
7 Wonders of Modern Green Design and Technology
Amazing Abandoned Cities , Places and Property of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( Even More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 Abandoned Wonders of the European Union
Asana Mahatari
channelled by Jahn J Kassl on September 10 , 2013
http : //www.lichtweltverlag . com/de/blog/index.html
first published in English on September 13 , 2013
www.stankovuniversallaw.com
translated by Björn Kurt
Report :
Today I perceive the people as being completely reckless , stupid and oblivious . Oblivious , as their ruthlessness does not come from their malignancy but is an offspring of their dullness and stupidity . ( End of report )
Loved Ones ,
this is what it is suffering from and therefore these people will be given the opportunity to gain awareness . A keen human eye and an open human heart can hardly bear in these days what is revealed to him . Too massive and too drastic are the events which have now arrived on the upper levels of the 4D earth .
Me , being the guardian of the bridge between the worlds can see what is becoming apparent , what has arrived and what consequences the people which have chosen the “ demise ” are now going to face .
How could my heart remain unaffected or my soul unmoved ?
Let me tell you : Never before in the history of humanity that I helped shape and influenced , there was so much shadow ! And I tell you this : Never before in this history , there has been so much light . Light that is being released through you , who were ready to overcome it all , so that now you are about to inherit heaven .
The unconsciousness and the unsuspecting oblivious life as if nothing has a purpose and everything is of random value is the axe to which people will have to bow by the billions . It is the yoke people have to carry and to board the rattling train , which takes them down to the mines , where they will realize in the dark underground the full extent of their own lack of love and light . Only at that point life can be reclaimed . For who negates life in the fullness and splendor of this time , requires the lack , which reigns in the shadow world in order to stand straight and answer in an honest way the questions of eternal life .
And I see how the queues of the undecided and how the regiments of the enslaved push to the water holes , and I see how they cry because they realize only now that they were deceived and cheated because they have been cheating themselves . The appearance of a full life collapses now as all free riders of Ascension find themselves on the level of descent in the lower dimensions of existence . To see this is more than a burning pain for me because finally , as a man among mankind , I had to live repeatedly through this , had to experience this repeatedly and had to endure this repeatedly . And this experience leaves an imprint on all those , who are ready for Ascension .
For you are all old and wise souls and all of you are equal to us Ascended Masters in every fiber of your awakened consciousness . Nothing distinguishes us unless it is about the individual expression of the specific characteristics of each Being or about the missions which brings us to various worlds .
Although , by the grace of God everything is possible until the last moment , many opportunities remained unexploited and many “ Lifeboats into the light ” are returning empty .
Now Ascension continues and enters the next phase , which is : the establishment of new realms of light for the ones ascending and the creation of new shadow realms for the doomed ones . This is what is to be reported today and noted , as all people have taken their decision .
We are one and we will find us again in God while for our brothers and sisters of light , a leaden curtain of oblivion lowers down again to create a dense illusion of time and space . Prepare yourselves , be ready at all times to leave this world – because the way is open to you .
I am
ASANA MAHATARI
Two hours later my brother Karl , managing director of the publishing house of the light world , tells me about his dream he had the night before :
I 'm in Carinthia , in my hometown . I tell my mother she should quickly put everything in a safe place because in 10 minutes an incredible hurricane / tornado / cyclone is about to come down on us . She thinks it is a joke and goes on ridiculing it . I also go to our neighbour and warn her and the 80 year-old woman nods knowingly . I look at the sky and see in the distance the dark clouds building up quickly . Then I turn to the right and directly in front of me the huge funnel of the hurricane with its incredible suction power touches ground .
I run to take refuge in the neighbour 's house under a door frame as I see the tornado with all its destructive force heading towards the house . As it closes in I think “ it is all over now. ” After some moments , in which I have lost all notion of time , I open my eyes . Actually , since I am still alive everything around me should have remained standing as before . The house and the other houses around . But everything is gone and has disappeared from the face off the earth . Nothing is to be seen . Nor a single bricks nor all the neighbouring houses with the people from the village – just gone .
The soil , the earth looks like freshly plowed , the sky is wonderful to look at and a pleasant climate with sunshine fills the air and I marvel at how I can still be alive . The spirit is bathed in peace , it is quiet and sunny , just beautiful – although nothing at all is left . Only the old lady has survived along with me . ( End of dream )
Loved Ones ,
This dream confirms the message given above and the messages of the last days ( Descent of Mankind Part I & Part II , Babaji , note JJK ) and gives you a sense of how Ascension occurs . “ Look , in the sky ! ” and “ nothing will happen to you ! ” That is the message of the dream and the other message is that those who negate the warnings out of stupidity or complacency , out of ignorance or negligence shall remain in their world .
Karl 's mother stands for these people and the elderly neighbor woman stands for those people who ascend who know what is going on now . She is not dismissing Karl 's warning as empty talk of a nutcase but is well-attuned to the event in a devoted way . “ 10 minutes ” stands to indicate the proximity of these events . The “ 1 ” meaning the single man goes into the “ 0 ” , into the ALL-THAT-IS CONSCIOUSNESS . The Ten defines the return of mankind into the divine order . This dream allows you a very real insight into the processes how the actual Ascension may occur and defines how life on 5D feels like after your Ascension . The Ascension will be most spectacular and you wont be able to stop marveling with wide eyes .
Descent and Ascension happen at the same time this is the dream 's message and it shows who will ascend and who will descend . Nothing is like before , all houses have disappeared and it is futile to look for other people . So it is now done and the work in this divine design is completed .
Loved ones ,
the unimaginable will become reality . No stone will be left standing . And You shall be unaffected by all disasters like Karl in his dream . Trust , rely on and never doubt . And never again dismiss Ascension as a flight of fantasy of your own dreams . Who perceives the instructions of the heavens ( in the dream embodied by the warning of Karl for his mother ) will be given everything . Who ignores it , will never be able to feel the new soil and see the new sky on 5D earth .
With these words , I bless you , who you can wrest these words the true content , you , who chose the light and has adopted God as his anchor . The more the Ascension process seems to drag , the more surprising and suddenly it will reach mankind .
Blessed are those who are prepared and take refuge ( as Karl in the dream under the door frame which symbolizes stability ) and stand prepared : By preparing their hearts for God so the transfiguration may take place .
I am infinitely close to you
ASANA MAHATARI
Trump supporter 's vile racist rant has gone viral as a way to mobilise voters
Warning : Contains some highly offensive language .
If the future of the world is going to be decided by people like this , then we 're all in trouble .
This video clip of a man verbally abusing a fellow driver contains some of the most offensive , racial stereotyping you 're ever likely to see .
Following a traffic incident in Memphis , our 'friend ' in the white top gets out of his car and starts to verbally abuse the person filming , who is black .
He starts off by identifying himself as a Donald Trump supporter and goes on to explain why he thinks that `` black lives do n't matter . '' It gets a lot worse .
Advertisement
It 's disgusting , but the man who films him uses it to form an important message at the end . Watch all the way through for full effect .
I⊥∀NIW∩LLIʞ
Posts : 1386
Reputation : 3
Join date : 2012-12-27
Admin13862012-12-27
Subject : Obama Finds Way to Give Out $ 100 Million to Gain More Dictatorial Power Tue Apr 02 , 2013 6:18 pm Subject : Obama Finds Way to Give Out $ 100 Million to Gain More Dictatorial PowerTue Apr 02 , 2013 6:18 pm
WASHINGTON — President Obama thinks that its vital that the establishment know how the human brain thinks , functions and communicates — and that this great knowledge will somehow help stimulate jobs in America . In fact the president said that it will be “ the next great American project ” .
CBS reported , “ The research could lead to new ways to treat brain disorders like Alzheimer 's disease , epilepsy or traumatic brain injury . Furthermore , Mr. Obama said , it could lead to millions of Americans with “ jobs we have n't even dreamt up yet. ” The president pointed to technological advancements that were propelled with government investments — like GPS and the Internet — to illustrate the importance of basic research investments . ”
The truth of the matter is that this is another example of how globalist backed puppets can use their powers to sway congress to pass unjustified budgets that end up going into the pockets of special interest groups , essentially funding private globalist sponsored corporations with tax payer dollars . However , this is merely not enough for the globalists as they have to use both sies of the coin to their advantage , playing the American people any which way but Sunday .
You see , why would Obama be so interested in the human brain ?
In my mind this comes together rather easily as 1+ 1 = 2 .
What this will eventually lead to is the government reading , scanning and or potentially controlling our thoughts in a Big Brother style fashion .
So you see now that the establishment sponsors are not only able to line their pockets with citizen funds if such an initiative is passed , they are also pecking away at their ultimate agenda , total control and subversion of the population .
DARPA 's Director was quoted in a CNN piece saying , ” Our ultimate objective is a deep understanding of the human brain and its understanding , ” said Arati Prabhakar , director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , in a conference call with reporters .
more here : WASHINGTON — President Obama thinks that its vital that the establishment know how the human brain thinks , functions and communicates — and that this great knowledge will somehow help stimulate jobs in America . In fact the president said that it will be “ the next great American project ” .CBS reported , “ The research could lead to new ways to treat brain disorders like Alzheimer 's disease , epilepsy or traumatic brain injury . Furthermore , Mr. Obama said , it could lead to millions of Americans with “ jobs we have n't even dreamt up yet. ” The president pointed to technological advancements that were propelled with government investments — like GPS and the Internet — to illustrate the importance of basic research investments. ” The truth of the matter is that this is another example of how globalist backed puppets can use their powers to sway congress to pass unjustified budgets that end up going into the pockets of special interest groups , essentially funding private globalist sponsored corporations with tax payer dollars . However , this is merely not enough for the globalists as they have to use both sies of the coin to their advantage , playing the American people any which way but Sunday.You see , why would Obama be so interested in the human brain ? In my mind this comes together rather easily as 1+ 1 = 2.What this will eventually lead to is the government reading , scanning and or potentially controlling our thoughts in a Big Brother style fashion.So you see now that the establishment sponsors are not only able to line their pockets with citizen funds if such an initiative is passed , they are also pecking away at their ultimate agenda , total control and subversion of the population.DARPA 's Director was quoted in a CNN piece saying , ” Our ultimate objective is a deep understanding of the human brain and its understanding , ” said Arati Prabhakar , director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , in a conference call with reporters.more here : http : //intellihub.com/2013/04/02/obama-finds-way-to-give-out-100-million-to-gain-more-dictatorial-power/
_________________
It takes nothing to join the crowd . It takes everything to stand alone .
- Hans Hansen
Follow us on Twitter @ CuckooKilla _________________
Anarchism in the Early American Labor Movement
Continue Reading Please join StudyMode to read the full document
Anarchism in the Early American Labor MovementAnarchism , not in the sense of lawlessness , but in the sense of noninterventionist governmental policy and activity , has a colorful history in the United States . It has enjoyed periods of welcoming and periods of scorn by every class of people and for widely varied reasons . It is embraced by free market economists and by the socially liberal , favored in part by both major parties and wholly endorsed by the Libertarian Party in the U.S. today . In the past , its place has been substantially different , for at different periods of time , different policies and mindsets on the parts of the citizens and the government have been at the forefront of progressive thought . Whether it is considered novel , conservative , beneficial , or detrimental is all dependent on a large array of contemporary social and economic considerations.Around the turn of the 20th century , anarchism was at the forefront of progressive thought for the American workforce . This is not surprising considering the state of governmental activity at the time . Federal and state governments were routinely interfering with the desires of American workers to organize into unions , to strike for better working conditions and to be recognized as valid opposition to an increasingly oppressive capitalist system with regard to its rank and file workers , It is clear as to why such a stance would be taken by the government . Carnegie , Rockefeller , and Morgan , among many others , were driving American economic activity in a way that , while ugly for many , was beneficial at the national and international level . At this time , the United States was not by any means a superpower , it was a coming-of-age nation fresh out of civil war , seeking to make itself into a powerful world player amidst the imperialistic tendencies of its allies and enemies . As justification for the anti-labor sentiment that was carried with these interests , it was not difficult to reason that , as the expression goes , “ a rising tide lifts all boats. ” This popular phrase , however , fails to capture the suffering involved and the potential for longer-term detriments as a result . That is where Anarchism comes into play . When this sentiment is trumpeted by the government and the corporations in power , and when it leads to the government endorsement of policies that favor those corporations regardless of cost to the worker , it is Anarchism , a healthy opposition to such policy , which works to protect the worker . It is the political ideological equivalent of the relationship between the union and the corporation , a means of combating potential for ( and in many cases the actual existence of ) oppression . As such , during the initial U.S. labor movement toward the end of the 19th century , Anarchism served a vital role in ensuring the sustainability of that movement.This iteration of Anarchism , like any movement or ideology , was dependent upon the leadership of a few key individuals . These individuals , leaders in the labor movement at the time , while endorsing this ideological backing , might also be credited with the early successes of the labor movement itself . Within their views and actions , anarchism and the movement they supported were not two separate ideas , but were instead interrelated and inseparable . These individuals include Albert and Lucy Parsons and Bill Haywood , among others , all of them notable for their radical views and their contributions to American labor.Albert Parsons might best be known for his martyrdom for the cause of the American labor struggle , having been sentenced to death following the 1886 Haymarket Affair . Throughout his short life following the Civil War and his participation in politics , he was in strong opposition to the federal law at the time which favored corporate interest . He was particularly opposed to the 8-hour workday , which he felt was necessary for the reasonable accommodation of workers ' rights to everything from family ...
700 BLOCK TIMELINE * 2000 - RiverCity Co. agrees to buy nearly half of the east side of the Market Street block
* 2006 - Developer Trey Stanley unveils plans to buy and develop the site with housing and stores
* 2007 - Fannie Mae agrees to lend Chattanooga Housing Authority $ 3.65 million to help CHA fund the 700 block project
* 2008 - RiverCity Co. files lawsuit after nothing is built
* 2009 - CHA ends involvement in 700 blocks , having paid $ 2.2 million to the developer but not the rest of the $ 3.65 million
* 2011 - Lawsuit settled and River City ( as now spelled ) agrees to buy back property
* 2013 - 700 block sites identified as a key development opportunity in City Center Plan
* 2014 - River City issues request for proposals for the site
An Atlanta group has bought a long-vacant parcel in downtown Chattanooga 's 700 block of Market Street with plans to raise one of the biggest apartment buildings in the central city .
The 10-story tower will hold 125 apartments in addition to retail and office space in a project estimated at $ 25 million to $ 30 million , said Boyd Simpson , chief executive of The Simpson Organization .
TSO Chattanooga Development LLP , a Simpson entity , paid $ 1 million for the tract , which sits on the east side of Market Street next to the SunTrust Bank Building , also owned by Simpson .
`` We 're encouraged by the trends we see downtown , '' Simpson said .
The company also plans to put about 70 parking spaces in the new structure and connect those with the garage next door that services the SunTrust Building , he said .
The River City Co. , the city 's private nonprofit redevelopment group , sold the 24,000-square-foot parcel . Last year , it had issued a request for proposals from developers , seeking a mixed-use project for the site .
Kim White , River City 's chief , termed The Simpson Organization 's plans `` a seminal development '' for the area .
White said it can unlock a lot of pent-up housing demand and create substantial density of first-class business and retail space in the city-center district .
Matt McGauley , president of Chattanooga real estate group Fidelity Trust Co. , said the project is one for which it has waited a long time .
`` A project of this scale at that location will be transformative for the whole area , '' said McGauley , whose company has sizable central city holdings .
River City bought the property in 2000 and sought proposals then for its reuse . Existing buildings at the site were torn down and developer Trey Stanley proposed a $ 16 million housing and retail complex in 2006 known as Mayfair on Market .
Stanley was unable to secure funding for the project , even after the Chattanooga Housing Authority agreed to provide $ 2.2 million to begin the project in exchange for making 18 of 58 condo units proposed at the time available as affordable units .
River City sued Stanley and reclaimed the property in 2011 . Since then , a portion of the 700 block of Market Street has remained as an empty hole in downtown , serving only as a location for temporary food trucks and open-air movies .
Simpson said plans are to begin construction within three to four months . Work would take about 15 months , he said .
Currently , all the apartments will be one- or two-bedroom units , Simpson said . He said it 's too early to talk rents .
In addition to the apartments , the building is to hold 25,000 square feet of offices and 20,000 square feet of retail space on the ground floor , the company CEO said .
He said company officials are interested in seeking an incentive package from the city .
Simpson said the company bought the SunTrust Bank Building seven or eight years ago , which he said has been a successful investment . He said the company , in business since 1988 , owns 80 properties in the Southeast .
Charlie Cooper , whose family owns three buildings sitting on Cherry Street just behind the proposed tower , said the project should help the entire block .
`` The most important thing is to keep downtown vibrant , '' he said . `` We 've done it on the river . Now it needs to be done in the central city . ''
McGauley said the planned mixed-use project will be `` absolutely catalytic '' for the city 's core .
`` It will give it so much more energy and enthusiasm and go a long way to make the central city more of a 24/7 neighborhood , '' he said .
Amy Donahue , River City 's marketing and communications manager , said the nonprofit group did n't ask food trucks to come back to the 700 block this spring as it eyed the site 's redevelopment , though some have anyway .
`` We 've been working on this development for quite some time , '' she said .
Several new apartment buildings have been built or proposed in downtown Chattanooga in the past two decades , but nothing on the scale of the 700 block project outside of student housing near UTC .
A Memphis company unveiled plans earlier this year to convert nearly all of the historic Maclellan Building at 721 Broad St. into 90 residential units in a $ 13.5 million effort .
Wise Properties is building a four-story , 75,000-square-foot mixed-use building that will house commercial storefronts and 63 apartments at Market and Main streets .
Walnut Commons , a 100-unit apartment complex , opened in 2013 at Walnut Street and Aquarium Way .
Contact Mike Pare at mpare @ timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6318 .
On Tuesday , Barclays … released an October 2008 email from Mr. Diamond [ Barclays then-CEO ] to two colleagues in which he described a phone call from the Bank of England 's Mr. Tucker . According to Mr. Diamond 's notes , Mr. Tucker said unidentified senior British government officials were concerned that Barclays was consistently reporting above-average Libor readings .
`` Mr. Tucker stated…that while he was certain we did not need advice , that it did not always need to be the case that we appeared as high as we have recently , '' according to Mr. Diamond 's notes . Mr. del Missier , to whom Mr. Diamond emailed his notes , interpreted them as a Bank of England instruction for Barclays to submit lower Libor readings , according to Barclays .
Basically , Barclays is saying that the Bank of England all-but explicitly advised it to lower its interest-rate reports to LIBOR , because otherwise people would get the impression that the bank was in lousy health , and that might create problems ( via some kind of run ) . According to the Journal , Barclays went along with this partly because it felt that a lot of unhealthy banks were already submitting implausibly low reports , so it would be foolish to hold out .
The whole smelly mess raises a variety of uncomfortable questions . ( For example : If other megabanks were cooking their submissions , as is currently being investigated , were they getting similar nudges from their own central banks—like the Federal Reserve in this country ? ) But the biggest question is the most fundamental one : Is it even possible to regulate megabanks in any meaningful sense ? After all , if the allegations are true , officials at the Bank of England were n't sending these hints to Barclays because they took a shine to Barclays ' executives or because they stood to benefit personally if the bank 's share-price rose . They were doing it because they worried that a run on a bank as big as Barclays would destabilize the British economy and wanted to do everything possible to avoid that , even if it meant skirting the rules ( again , according to the allegations ) .
Which is to say , in order to get corruption in your banking system , you do n't need literal corruption of the Government Official X owns shares in Bank Y variety ( or even Official X wants to work at Bank Y after he leaves government ) . You just need banks big enough so that the bureaucrats keeping an eye on them have nightmares about what happens if the banks fail . At that point the bureaucrats will dedicate themselves to keeping the megabanks afloat at all costs , even it requires methods that are n't on the up and up .
And it 's worth pointing out that Britain , of all countries , should be relatively less susceptible to this , since its central bank ( the Bank of England ) does n't even technically regulate its biggest banks . ( That honor falls to the independent Financial Services Authority . ) In the United States , on the other hand , the Fed has a lot of responsibility for monitoring megabanks . After the LIBOR scandal—to say nothing of that whole financial crisis and bailout thing—can anyone honestly say they do n't have questions about whether Fed officials may be tempted to bend the rules for megabanks , even if their intentions are entirely pure ?
Follow me on Twitter : @ noamscheiber
ESPN 's Monday Night Football crew must love to visit New Orleans , and the New Orleans Saints love to have them . The last time the Saints lost on Monday Night Football was October 6 , 2008 vs. Minnesota . Since that loss , the Saints have played six home games at the Superdome on Monday Night Football and they are 6-0 . The current six-game MNF home winning streak started on November 24 , 2008 vs Green Bay .
In the six games , the Saints have outscored their opponents 246-126 . This breaks down to an average score of 41-21 , basically doubling the opponent . Averaging 40+ points over a six game stretch during the span of five seasons is pretty astounding when you really think about it . Now the Saints feature a defense that can match the impressiveness of its offense .
The bigger the stage , the brighter the lights , the better for the Saints . Sean Payton and Drew Brees have consistently found a way to elevate their team and their game in primetime . While the Saints have been very impressive at home on Sunday Night Football as well , it 's Monday Night where they have been without equal . Whatever it is that gets the Saints in that next gear for primetime , expect it to continue tonight against Miami .
More from Canal Street Chronicles :
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia 's finance minister called on Wednesday for a cut in planned spending to weather an economic crisis , warning of a more than $ 45 billion drop in revenues this year if the average oil price is $ 50 a barrel .
Russia 's Finance Minister Anton Siluanov attends the Gaidar Forum 2015 `` Russia and the World : New Dimensions '' in Moscow , January 14 , 2015 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
In comments underlining the government 's growing concern at the downturn , Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said all budget expenditure should be cut by 10 percent except defense , a priority for President Vladimir Putin .
Adding to the gloom , Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev said there was a “ pretty high ” chance Russia 's credit rating would be downgraded to junk and a deputy , Alexei Vedev , said he expected inflation to peak at 15-17 percent in March/April .
A steep fall in the rouble , low prices for its main oil export and Western sanctions over Moscow 's role in the Ukraine crisis have hit Russia 's economy hard , and Siluanov said overall expenditure in 2015 must increase by 5 percent , not the 11.7 percent previously budgeted .
“ The state can not have the kind of spending it used to have with economic growth ... ( and ) with the oil price at $ 100 per barrel , ” Siluanov told a conference of state officials , economists and business chiefs .
But with Russia being starved of investment , pressure is mounting for stronger government action to pull it out of crisis .
“ We need a radical turn in economic policy , ” said German Gref , the head of Russia 's biggest bank , Sberbank , demanding a “ breakthrough ” to improve the dire investment climate , stymied by state pressure on business and weak rule of law .
Ulyukayev also highlighted the problems facing small and medium businesses , saying they must be supported to try to spur Russia 's oil-dependent economy , which the World Bank expects to contract by 2.9 percent this year .
“ The global economy will never again be what it used to be in 2000-07 and the situation in Russia will never be the same , ” Ulyukayev said , referring to the economic boom years under Putin when the global oil price soared . “ It will be much more complicated . It already is much more . ”
BUDGET GAP
Russia 's 2015 budget was based on an oil price of $ 100 a barrel but prices are now close to six-year lows at just above $ 46 a barrel .
“ Regardless of having already curbed 2015 spending , we will ask parliament to cut by 10 percent all expenditure apart from defense spending , ” Siluanov added .
He said Russia needed to husband its reserves to overcome difficulties as the price of oil looked set to continue at low levels . The rouble , which fell about 40 percent against the dollar in 2014 , has also continued its decline this year .
“ We think that with the ( average ) oil price at $ 50 per barrel ( in 2015 ) ... we will lose some 3 trillion rubles in revenues , ” he said .
Siluanov said the Reserve Fund , a rainy day fund of around $ 90 billion to cover budget holes , would be increased by 370 billion rubles ( $ 5.60 billion ) from last year 's savings , but Russia would need to spend more than 500 billion rubles from it in 2015 to cover the budget gap .
The 500 billion , currently invested in foreign currency assets , would be converted gradually on the forex market .
Siluanov said the ministry could invest part of the Reserve Fund in rouble bank accounts to take advantage of the weak rouble and earn high interest .
“ We need to have a lot more resources so as not to spend , not to burn up the reserve funds , ” he said .
( $ 1 = 66.1200 rubles )
One of the posts from the mosque 's Facebook page that has been removed . Samier Dandan , the president of the Lebanese Muslim Association , confirmed to Fairfax on Sunday morning that the post had been removed from the mosque 's Facebook page . He said a youth worker had copied the text of the fatwa from another Islamic website and it did not reflect Sheikh Safi 's lecture or the views of the LMA . The fatwa , which sparked widespread community debate and condemnation , warned that the `` disbelievers are trying to draw Muslims away from the straight path '' . It also says that Christmas Day and associated celebrations are among the `` falsehoods that a Muslim should avoid ... and therefore , a Muslim is neither allowed to celebrate the Christmas Day nor is he allowed to congratulate them '' .
One of the posts from the mosque 's Facebook page that has been removed . The posting of the fatwa has shocked many Muslim leaders . The Grand Mufti of Australia , Ibrahim Abu Mohammad , said the foundations of Islam were peace , co-operation , respect and holding others in esteem . `` Anyone who says otherwise is speaking irresponsibly , '' he said . `` There is difference between showing respect for someone 's belief and sharing those beliefs , '' Dr Ibrahim said . Dr Ibrahim said the views did not represent the majority of Muslims in Australia . `` We are required to have good relations with all people , and to congratulate them on their joyous events is very important . ''
The notion that Muslims wishing other people a merry Christmas will take them out of their faith is outright ridiculous , laughable and borders on the extreme The fatwa quotes the teacher Imam Ibn Al-Qayyim as saying that congratulating disbelievers for their rituals is forbidden , and if a `` Muslim who says this does not become a disbeliever himself , he at least commits a sin as this is the same as congratulating him for his belief in the trinity , which is a greater sin and much more disliked by Almighty Allaah than congratulating him for drinking alcohol or killing a soul or committing fornication or adultery ” . A community leader , Dr Jamal Rifi , said he did not agree with the school of thought behind the fatwa . `` We can share the festivities with friends and families and neighbours – I do n't think there is any civil , religious or ethical reason not to , '' he said . Dr Rifi and Sheikh Youssef Nabha , the imam of the Kingsgrove Mosque , are travelling to Nauru on Sunday night with priests from the Maronite and Melkite churches in Sydney to attend Christmas celebrations with the asylum seekers held there .
Dr Rifi said he and Sheikh Youssef would be distributing Christmas cards during the visit . A community advocate and Muslim convert , Rebecca Kay , told Fairfax Media : `` It 's sad to see the Lebanese Muslim Association , which considers itself the peak body representing Australian Muslims , with comments like these . It goes to show how far they are from representing the community . `` The notion that Muslims wishing other people a merry Christmas will take them out of their faith is outright ridiculous , laughable and borders on the extreme . '' Keysar Trad , a former official with the Lebanese Muslim Association , said in his time with the organisation they used to regularly greet people with merry Christmas . `` I do n't know what has changed , '' he said . `` But now as a representative of Australia 's peak Muslim body , the Australian Federation of Islamic Councils , I would like to wish all your readers a merry Christmas and a happy new year . ''
Mark Cavendish is seemingly assured of pursuing his Olympic medal dream in Rio and the Manxman 's selection for the team pursuit and omnium is set to be one of several controversial decisions that will be announced on Friday when the Great Britain squad for the Games is revealed .
Cavendish 's selection has been flagged up for several months but it will cause tensions because he does not have recent racing experience in the team pursuit , where he would be expected to fill the fifth available slot alongside Sir Bradley Wiggins , Owain Doull , and the London gold medallists Steven Burke and Ed Clancy . The team 's coach , Heiko Salzwedel , has made it clear he fears Cavendish 's lack of team-pursuit credentials could potentially be a weakness , and he has been brought in ahead of at least one stronger team pursuiter if not two .
A recent win in an omnium in Lithuania will have boosted Cavendish 's hopes of a medal in that event , primarily because he posted a strong time in the individual pursuit ; he has clearly improved in his weakest suit . It remains to be seen whether he will ride the team pursuit , where the team can draft him in for one of the three rounds , because his time with them in the run-in will be restricted .
Cavendish has been selected by his trade team Team Dimension Data to ride the Tour de France and with GB travelling to Rio on 2 August , if he stays late in the Tour that will limit the time available to hone his team-pursuiting speed with the other riders . Of the two riders who have missed out , Jon Dibben has been chasing form after breaking an elbow , while Andy Tennant has won European and world titles in the discipline .
The final slot in the men 's sprint team has been a bone of contention with no obvious candidate emerging to succeed Sir Chris Hoy in the critical man-three position . Neither Callum Skinner nor Matt Crampton has ridden strongly enough to stake a definitive claim alongside Philip Hindes and Jason Kenny , so after the world track championships in March the team management began considering a relative outsider , the Bedfordshire sprinter Ryan Owens .
Owens is 20 and joined the British Cycling academy last September after winning the British university sprint , team sprint and kilometre championships in the spring . The Guardian understands that he may be allotted the team 's single ‘ P ' accreditation , which means an athlete can be called in late in the day , effectively as a tactical substitute , leaving the door open for him potentially to come in at man three depending on form .
Owens ' nomination would raise eyebrows but would follow a pattern : at the past three Olympic Games the British selectors have brought in a relative unknown at a very late stage . Both Kenny and Hindes were “ bolters ” in 2008 and 2012 respectively . However , that would also reduce the men 's endurance team 's margin for error ; in the event of an injury to Cavendish at the Tour de France , the only omnium candidates would be Wiggins or Clancy .
The British time trial championships on Thursday will be closely watched – with fingers crossed – by the selectors , as the Aviva Women 's Tour last week raised questions about the form of Emma Pooley , the Olympic time trial silver medallist in 2008 , who is widely expected to be given the second slot in the road race team alongside the world road race champion , Lizzie Armitstead .
Pooley is considered to be the best British hope on the hilly time trial course in Rio , but she has barely road raced since retiring after the Commonwealth Games in 2014 to focus on triathlon . Her climbing form was expected to be an asset in August but she was off the pace in last week 's Aviva Women 's Tour , not making the select lead groups on the two toughest stages.The Guardian understands that Dani King – world team-pursuit gold medallist in 2012 – will be named as a reserve . That means the most probable candidate for the third road race place is Armitstead 's trade team-mate at Boels-Dolmans , Nikki Harris , who has raced strongly on the road this year after switching from riding mainly cyclo-cross ; she finished alongside King in the lead group on the key stages at the Aviva Tour .
King 's omission in favour of Harris would be less surprising than rumours that Steve Cummings is to miss out on a place in the men 's road race . The Daily Mail has reported that Chris Froome 's team-mates will be Adam Yates , Ian Stannard , Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh , who has not raced recently after breaking a collarbone in the Tour of California in May . Cummings , on the other hand , has landed three major wins this year in stages in Tirreno-Adriatico , the Tour of the Basque Country and the Critérium du Dauphiné .
TORY ministers do n't want to publish the secret “ no deal ” analysis about the impact of Brexit on Scotland as it might “ diminish ” the UK 's negotiating hand .
When pushed on reports that government-commissioned analysis showed Scotland and the north of England would be damaged the most in the event of a no-deal outcome , International Trade Secretary Liam Fox said it would n't be published .
In an appearance on ITV 's Peston on Sunday show , he said : “ Why would we publish data in a negotiation that might actually diminish our negotiating hand ? ”
Fox , who was a leading Brexiteer , also dismissed claims that the next phase of Brexit negotiations , on a trade deal , would be complicated . He said it would only be difficult if Brussels tried to “ punish Britain for having the audacity ” .
Fox insisted that no deal , and crashing out of the EU and trading on World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) terms , was “ not exactly a nightmare scenario ” .
But he stressed he would “ prefer to have a deal because it would give greater certainty and almost certainly greater openness ” , and said reaching agreement did not need to be complicated if there was political will .
“ I do n't think they 're [ the negotiations ] difficult in terms of the trade law or the trade negotiations themselves , ” he said . “ The difficulty is the politics . In other words , how much does the European Commission and the European elite want to punish Britain for having the audacity to use our legal rights to leave the European Union ?
“ That 's the thing . And what will the price be for the prosperity of European citizens of that decision ?
“ I would hope that economic sense would dictate that we put the prosperity agenda of the whole of the European continent in a global context at the top of that agenda – not ever closer union , in other words the drive by the Commission towards their political objective , which has a near-theological level . ”
The minister also seemed to suggest Britain would never get a better trade deal with Europe than the one it has just now as part of the EU .
“ We want us to maintain that closeness because the global economy has not been doing tremendously well and trade 's not been doing tremendously well globally , so we ca n't really afford to put any impediments to trade and investment in Europe that do n't exist today . ”
The SNP 's Stephen Gethins said : “ Even the hardline Brexiteer Liam Fox has conceded that it is not possible to reach a deal with the EU that betters the one we already enjoy .
“ Moreover , the International Trade Secretary 's refusal to publish the economic assessment of a ‘ no deal ' scenario shows just how damning that assessment is in reality .
“ If the assessment was positive the Tories would be trumpeting it from the rooftops of Westminster . The fact is , a no-deal scenario will do untold damage to our economy and threaten thousands of jobs – that 's why the Tories are withholding this information from the public .
“ To repeat what Poland 's former foreign minister said this week – the UK has a lot more to lose than the EU in these negotiations given that Britain is 15 per cent of the EU 's trade and the EU is 47 per cent of Britain 's trade .
“ It 's time the Tories came back to reality and halted their reckless approach to negotiations , which risks enormous damage to our economy . Theresa May must start putting the interests of the country ahead of her party 's squabbles and commit to staying in the single market . ”
Labour 's Emily Thornberry said it would not be Brussels punishments that messed up Brexit negotiations but Tory infighting , as the Prime Minister no longer had “ strength or the authority to control ” her MPs .
Former Cowboys offensive lineman Torrin Tucker , who last month joined the ranks of former players suing the NFL for concussions , now has a much different involvement with the legal system .
Tucker has been arrested in Tampa on felony drug and weapons charges after allegedly trying to sell an undercover officer $ 20 worth of marijuana , according to Greg Auman of the Tampa Bay Times . Police officially charged Tucker with felony possession of cocaine with intent to sell , felony possession of marijuana with intent to sell , felony delivery of marijuana , felony possession of a firearm during commission of a felony , and misdemeanor possession of marijuana .
Tucker works in security at a Tampa strip club . He allegedly had in his possession upon arrest 18 bags of marijuana that were packed for sale and nine capsules containing cocaine . He also allegedly had a handgun loaded with 11 hollow-point rounds in his waistband .
Tucker played for the Cowboys from 2003 through 2005 . He was in camp with the Bucs in 2006 and with the Texans in 2008 . Tucker also has played in the CFL and , most recently , in the UFL .
CHICAGO—Raised in a $ 1.5 million Barrington Hills , Ill. , home by their attorney father , two grown children have spent the last two years pursuing a unique lawsuit against their mom for “ bad mothering ” that alleges damages caused when she failed to buy toys for one and sent another a birthday card he did n't like . The alleged offences include failing to take her daughter to a car show , telling her then 7-year-old son to buckle his seat belt or she would contact police , “ haggling ” over the amount to spend on party dresses , and calling her daughter at midnight to ask that she return home from celebrating homecoming . Last week , at which point the court record stood about a foot tall , an Illinois appeals court dismissed the case , finding that none of the mother 's conduct was “ extreme or outrageous. ” To rule in favour of her children , the court found , “ could potentially open the floodgates to subject family childrearing to . . . excessive judicial scrutiny and interference. ” In 2009 , the children , represented by three attorneys including their father , Steven A . Miner , sued their mother , Kimberly Garrity . Steven II , now 23 , and his sister Kathryn , now 20 , sought more than $ 50,000 for “ emotional distress. ” Miner and Garrity were married for a decade before she filed for divorce in 1995 , records show .
Article Continued Below
Among the exhibits filed in the case is a birthday card Garrity sent her son , who in his lawsuit sought damages because the card was “ inappropriate ” and failed to include cash or a check . He also alleged she failed to send a card for years or , while he was in college , care packages . On the front of the American Greetings card is a picture of tomatoes spreads across a table that are indistinguishable except for one in the middle with craft-store googly eyes attached . “ Son I got you this Birthday card because it 's just like you . . . different from all the rest ! '' the card reads . On the inside Garrity wrote `` Have a great day ! Love & Hugs , Mom xoxoxo . ”
In court papers , Garrity 's attorney Shelley Smith says the “ litany of childish complaints and ingratitude ” in the lawsuit is nothing more than an attempt by Garrity 's ex-husband to “ seek the ultimate revenge ” of having her children accuse her of “ being an inadequate mother. ” “ It would be laughable that these children of privilege would sue their mother for emotional distress , if the consequences were not so deadly serious for ( Garrity ) , ” Smith wrote . “ There is no insurance for this claim , so ( Garrity ) must pay her legal fees , while ( the children ) have their father for free. ” Messages left for Smith were not returned . Steven A . Miner , reached by phone , did not comment . In court papers he said he only filed the lawsuit after much legal research and had tried to dissuade his children from bringing the case . The Cook County judge who ruled on the case , Kathy Flanagan , declined to assess sanctions against Miner , but said the lawsuit amounted to nothing more than children “ suing their mother for bad mothering . ”
Article Continued Below
DePaul University law professor Bruce Ottley , who co-wrote a textbook on Illinois tort law , says courts have long carved out an exception to family members suing each other , barring any extreme conduct . “ If junior slips on the rug in the living room and sues mom or dad , that ca n't happen , ” Ottley said . He said such emotional distress damages are a way for the legal system to address situations – sexual harassment for instance – where there is no physical harm . But those bringing a case to court must prove the conduct was outrageous . “ The fact that it is such a high standard , it does n't succeed very often , ” Ottley said . In court filings , Garrity 's attorney writes that “ she does still love ” her children but found that they wanted “ the benefits afforded by a family relationship , but none of the restraints. ” Steven A . Miner wrote that the case is no different than a patient suing a physician “ for bad doctoring. ” “ ( The children ) do not view their ( lawsuit ) as an attack on mothering , but rather on accountability , '' he wrote . `` Everyone makes mistakes , but . . . there must be accountability for actions . Parenting is no different. ” Garrity called the lawsuit nothing but harassment . “ Everything . . . shows that these children , orchestrated by their father , will stop at nothing to embarrass and financially harm their mother , ” Smith wrote in a court filing . “ In the process they have embarrassed themselves and left a public record blogged about on the Internet that will shadow their every future relationship . ”
Syracuse 's next mayor will lead a city at a crossroads .
Year by year , the city edges ever closer to a fiscal cliff . Poverty ensnares one out of every two children . Violence plagues neighborhoods where poverty and hopelessness are most concentrated . City schools struggle against these currents . Through it all , the streets must be paved , the burst pipes must be fixed and the snow must be plowed .
Syracuse 's next mayor also must mend the relationships fractured by the current mayor , thoughtfully change the conversation from conflict to collaboration , deliver a hopeful vision of a city that can grow and thrive , and set a new course to make that vision a reality .
Of the four individuals seeking to be the next mayor we endorse independent Ben Walsh . From our point of view , Walsh is the candidate who can lead Syracuse into a new era more effectively than three others vying for the office - Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins , Republican Laura Lavine and Democrat Juanita Perez Williams .
Walsh 's campaign slogan , `` rise above , '' is what his mayoral bid has felt like : a movement to transcend partisan labels and dogma , to appeal to all parts of the city and to enlist Syracuse 's young people to join its older generation in the fight for the city 's future .
People know the name of the son of a congressman and the grandson of a mayor , but he has run on his own record of accomplishments as the city 's head of economic development for six years under Mayor Stephanie Miner .
Economic development : Spreading the wealth
It 's no accident Walsh 's years in City Hall coincided with the resurgence of downtown . The symbolic centerpiece of its revitalization is the historic Hotel Syracuse at the foot of Warren Street . It was vacant for a decade and at risk of demolition before Miner 's administration took the property by eminent domain , constructed a financing plan and recruited a developer to restore it . Walsh spearheaded that 2 1/2 -year effort with patience and grit , resulting in a justly celebrated success .
Walsh 's acumen in this arena is what sets him apart from his nearest rival , Perez Williams , a lawyer who has had successive roles in the military , state government , higher education and City Hall . Growing the city 's tax base is the backbone of its future , creating revenue and jobs that can be targeted more effectively to impoverished areas .
Walsh 's challenge , should he become mayor , is to leverage downtown 's success into also raising up the city 's poorest precincts .
Walsh began that work by helping to launch the Greater Syracuse Land Bank . The land bank fights blight by taking tax-delinquent properties and selling them to owners who will fix up and live in them . The land bank has returned hundreds of properties to the tax rolls and collected $ 11 million in sorely needed revenue . Walsh acknowledges complaints that the land bank erodes , rather than rebuilds , neighborhoods through demolitions and long-vacant properties , and pledges to appoint board members more sensitive to neighbors ' concerns .
Walsh also would merge the Syracuse Industrial Development Agency with Onondaga County 's IDA , ending the self-defeating practice of developers playing one agency against the other , and he would tie business incentives to community benefits .
Crime and policing : Staffing , technology and a new chief
The argument over how many police are needed to effectively patrol the city has been a key theme of the campaign . Walsh believes the city needs more officers - and that more of those officers ought to reflect the racial and ethnic makeup of Syracuse . He would recruit from underrepresented populations , incentivize officers to live in the city and negotiate a `` reasonable '' residency requirement in the next police contract .
Walsh would rely on cameras in neighborhoods , where they are wanted , and place body cameras on officers to protect them and citizens .
One of the first important decisions the next mayor faces is hiring a high-quality police chief . Walsh would direct his chief to adopt community policing strategies and to attack quality of life issues , in concert with other city departments such as Codes . He must take care not to repeat the mistakes of other communities where `` broken windows '' policing led to civil rights abuses . Along those lines , Walsh should direct the new chief to cooperate more fully with the Citizen Review Board .
Walsh also should empower his chief to speak to the public directly , candidly and frequently , without the mayor at his or her elbow . And when he and the chief disagree -- and they will -- the soft-spoken Walsh will need to forcefully assert his point of view .
Fiscal crisis : Averting a state control board
Syracuse 's next mayor confronts a stark reality : a structural deficit that could eat up the city 's rainy-day fund in the next three years , raising the specter of a state control board with the power to unilaterally slash staff and cut services . Other fiscal challenges will arise , including possible cuts to federal funding for cities and expiration of the city-county sales tax sharing agreement in 2020 .
With half of city properties tax-exempt , raising taxes on the remaining property owners is not an option . The city ca n't organically grow tax revenue fast enough to stave off a control board . Service agreements with Syracuse University and other nonprofit entities help but are n't enough to close the budget gap .
Of all the candidates , Hawkins offers the most developed program for raising revenue - a progressive income tax for people who work in the city . That would be a disaster , driving employers who could move or expand elsewhere to do so . Perez Williams says the city has a spending problem , not a revenue problem ; she would streamline services to cut costs .
Walsh would rely on data to track the performance of city services and find inefficiencies . He also intends to explore sharing more services with Onondaga County - a realistic and achievable goal . The mayor , and the people he surrounds himself with , will need to think creatively and decisively to keep the city from going broke .
Politics and partisanship : Time for a change
After eight years of constant sparring between Syracuse 's mayor and all comers , we think the city needs a leader with a different approach .
Walsh , by seeking to `` rise above '' party affiliation , offers collaboration over combativeness , inclusiveness over ideological purity , a broad array of perspectives over groupthink , us and them instead of us vs. them . If he truly is a Republican in sheep 's clothing , as Perez Williams claims , voters will feel betrayed and Walsh will be a one-term mayor .
At this moment in time , when everyone is tired of just treading water , Walsh offers Syracuse voters a track record of city-building , a vision for the future and the inner calm and resolve to meet the severe challenges ahead . Elect Ben Walsh the 54th mayor of Syracuse .
Why we endorse
The purpose of an editorial endorsement is to provide a thoughtful assessment of the choices voters face in an election . We offer editorial endorsements to stimulate the public conversation and promote civic engagement . Voting is a privilege and an obligation of citizenship . That part is up to you . Election Day is Tuesday , Nov. 7 .
By Beverly Gates
Veteran conservative Pat Buchanan has weighed in on President Donald Trump 's decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA , ) the program that allowed children who were brought to this country illegally work authorization .
In an interview with the Patriot Media Sentinel , Buchanan said it was a necessary evil and a way of protecting European Americans ' future .
“ The Dreamers have to go to protect the future of our children , ” he said . “ If we let these people take over , our children will end up working as gardeners and maids for them . ”
Buchanan has penned several books and articles warning about the dire future of America with a majority brown population .
According to Right-Wing Watch , conspiracy theorist Josh Bernstein says deporting the Dreamers was necessary for conservatives ' survival . He said Democrats and Dreamers would eventually create a one-party state and target right-wingers .
“ They would probably start killing people at some point that disagreed with their positions , ” said Bernstein . “ Is that far-stretched ? Does that seem like it 's way out of whack ? That I 'm a conspiracy theorist type of person ? No , I 'm not . I just can see the writing on the wall . ”
We all know that Kylo Ren 's TIE Fighter is going to save the Imperial faction . But does it suck ?
The ship 's super-Interceptor dial has inspired plenty of memes hailing it as the game 's great equalizer . I remain skeptical . It has everything a TIE pilot could wish for : System and Tech slots , a PS 9 ace , the ability to equip Autothrusters , and six health . But it 's expensive . Its inability to evade makes it deceptively flimsy . And the two pilot abilities in the pack ai n't exactly Fenn Rau and Old Teroch 's ( or Soontir Fel and Carnor Jax 's ) .
Will the light that burns twice as bright burn half as long , leaving imperial players down 45 points after two rounds of shooting ? I have some thoughts on how Adam Driver 's ride shakes up the metagame :
Kylo pilot will have a high rate of attrition—I fear this ship will become the exercise bike of X-Wing miniatures , an especially cruel twist for a small-base box that cost $ 30 . Anyone who thinks 10 green maneuvers + Push the Limit = easy mode will be in for an unpleasant surprise on that inevitable turn when a boost and a barrel roll goes nowhere and a token stack would be clutch . In the hands of a good player , willing to play the long game with Advanced Sensors instead of Fire Control System , some truly amazing feats of positioning will be achieved . The ceiling on flying this thing will be high , but the floor will be at the bottom of that chasm into which Vader threw Palpatine . Scum Nym makes a comeback to counter it—Darkness rises…and light to meet it . OK—maybe not light . But people overreacted to the “ Genius ” nerf . You know what 's better than PS 9 Advanced Sensors repositioning with three green dice ? PS 10 Advanced Sensors repositioning with automatic damage . Veteran Instincts , Autoblaster Turret , Extra Munitions , Thermal Detonators , Engine Upgrade , Havoc , “ Genius , ” Advanced Sensors . Test Pilot “ Blackout ” finds her niche—The four point drop from Kylo , combined with a bizarro-Wedge ability , make this unnamed named pilot interesting . Equipped with Trick Shot , Collision Detector , and Autothrusters , this ship becomes an unusual 33-point menace that fits in a lot of lists . Parked behind ( or on ? ) debris clouds , she 'll be tough to kill and could dish out huge swing of damage , even without modifiers . Maybe that 's what the green moves are for : clearing the stress you accrue flying through debris like a maniac . This is the list—Given her similar costs , it 's worth looking at where Whisper fit into popular archetypes and imagining Kylo there instead . He 'll want Palpatine both for his defense and for crits to trigger his ability . Omega Leader is still the best budget wingman . Behold the “ Emo Mynock Special . ”
Kylo Ren ( TIE Silencer ) — TIE Silencer 35 Push the Limit 3 Advanced Sensors 3 Autothrusters 2 Ship Total : 43 “ Omega Leader ” — TIE/fo Fighter 21 Juke 2 Comm Relay 3 Ship Total : 26 Omicron Group Pilot — Lambda-Class Shuttle 21 Collision Detector 0 Emperor Palpatine 8 Ship Total : 29
And yea , one more : I 'm going to buy it . I mentioned my love of ships from the movies before , and I ca n't wait to see this thing on screen in two weeks .
Ten years ago , Mark Herrema had a radical idea : What if plastic could help fight climate change , rather than be part of the problem ?
Continue Reading Below
Today , Herrema 's vision may be turning into a reality . With Newlight Technologies , Herrema is making plastic out of thin air , literally turning the greenhouse gas methane into low-cost plastic . The company has two production facilities running in California and is aiming to produce 50 million pounds of plastic this year out of methane released from a dairy farm .
Newlight recently announced a $ 9.2 million Series C round , bringing total funding to just under $ 19 million . The new injection of capital will be used to accelerate growth and accommodate demand .
“ We 've grown significantly in our customer base just in the past six months and we have about 25 customers . And being able to execute on all those accounts is really important , ” says Herrema .
How Newlight 's Technology Works
Herrema says the company is focused on making a product that beats traditional alternatives when it comes to cost .
Advertisement
“ [ T ] his goes back to the founding concept of the company : that the only way climate change is going to be solved is if we find a market-based solution , ” says Herrema , “ where you do n't even really need to care about climate change – you 're still part of the solution , because you want to outcompete on price . ”
He says his belief in this idea kept him and his team afloat – even as they struggled with the technology .
“ We 've got a pretty stubborn team here and we just always believed we could get there . A lot of that was frankly naivety . We always felt we were pretty close to the breakthroughs we needed , and in the early years we were n't , but we did n't know it . And we just made a decision that we were n't going to stop until we got there , ” says Herrema .
Today , Herrema says Newlight is able to make methane-based plastic more efficiently than oil-based plastic .
“ We actually use greenhouse gas , combine it with air and then use that to synthesize a polymer . And that polymer can replace oil-based plastics , ” says Herrema . Then , the company turns the polymer into a pellet of plastic , which can be molded into various shapes . Clients include furniture manufacturer KI and a cell phone case-maker .
“ Because our process is so efficient , we 're actually reducing the costs of plastics production , ” says Herrema . He does n't have a number for exact cost savings , but says the company is outcompeting by a fairly significant margin .
As Newlight scales its business , Herrema says the sky is the limit .
“ We 've got a better way to make materials . Why make something from oil , when you can make the same performance product from something that we would otherwise be breathing right now , that would go into the air , and reduce the cost ? ” asks Herrema . He says he believes Newlight could have a dramatic impact on the plastics industry .
“ So over time , [ we 'll be ] actually saving the plastic industry billions of dollars … so the impact is pretty significant on the financial side , ” says Herrema .
He is also hopeful that Newlight could help rehabilitate plastic 's public image .
“ What if plastics were part of the world 's solution to pulling carbon out of the air ? Then you have a whole new paradigm for what this industry is , ” he says .
A correctional officer is safe after being held hostage at the jail in Sept-Îles , Que. , according to provincial police .
On Twitter , the Sûreté du Québec confirmed the hostage situation is over . Police tweeted that the two suspects , aged 22 and 26 , had surrendered .
On Wednesday afternoon , inmates at the jail took the officer hostage . Quebec 's provincial police were called to the facility around 3 p.m . ET . At that time , the building was evacuated and a security perimeter was set up .
Radio-Canada reports that a man was taken out of the jail in handcuffs around 6:30 p.m . ET .
The building , which houses a detention centre in the basement and the town 's court on the main levels , is located in downtown Sept-Îles .
Police have not released many details about the hostage , except that she 's a female correctional officer .
Police are also not commenting on the motive of the inmates .
Code red
A lawyer who was inside the courthouse during the evacuation said he 's never seen anything like this in 30 years .
Michel Savard said he was asked to leave the building due to a `` code red . ''
`` From my experience , I thought that a code red was a hostage-taking , or something like that . Something that is n't good . Something that requires maximum security , '' he said .
After leaving the building , he was told he could leave for the day .
Long wait for new jail
The town of 25,000 has been waiting for a new detention centre for about 25 years .
Successive governments had promised — but did n't deliver on — a new jail . The Quebec government first announced construction plans in 1989 , with the most recent promise coming in 2013 .
While construction is now under way , the new jail — located about 10 kilometres away from the current one — has yet to open . According to the government 's website , it was due to open in the spring of 2016 .
Sept-Îles is located about 650 kilometres northeast of Quebec City .
A new California law designed to protect underage sex trafficking victims caused confusion after a Republican politician accused Democrats of legalizing child prostitution .
Read my oped that ran in the Washington Examiner today discussing the many harmful California Democrat policies ... https : //t.co/eJVzKbPlDa — Travis Allen ( @ JoinTravisAllen ) December 29 , 2016
`` Beginning on Jan. 1 , prostitution by minors will be legal in California . Yes , you read that right , '' Republican Travis Allen wrote in an article titled , “ California Democrats legalize child prostitution , ” Thursday . `` So teenage girls ( and boys ) in California will soon be free to have sex in exchange for money without fear of arrest or prosecution . ''
Senate Bill 1322 , came into effect on January 1 , causing panic across elements of social media .
@ JoinTravisAllen Thank you for exposing this . — Casey Bramble ( @ BrambleCasey ) December 31 , 2016
@ dcexaminer unbelievable ! ! ! ! ! ! ! When is cali supposed to slide into the pacific ? — Sam Colson ( @ Colson6Sam ) December 29 , 2016
Yes , making it so pimps ca n't hold threat of jail over trafficked children 's head makes it `` easier '' @ dcexaminer @ JoinTravisAllen — Megalovaniac ( @ stupidskeleton ) December 30 , 2016
@ TruthFeedNews pedophile California after all the just legalised child prostitution two daus ago sick scum — AFREEBRIT ( @ AFREEBRIT ) January 2 , 2017
yes the party that legalized Child Prostitution in CA , pediophiles are all overjoyed now , ca n't wait to see how many kids get trafficked in https : //t.co/MFBfvluBNq — Lesslie Johnson ( @ lesslie_johnson ) January 2 , 2017
Why is the corrrupted media silent on SB1322 that does encourage minors prostitution in California ? ? Democrats.r so desilusional — pilar ( @ superjosefa ) January 2 , 2017
Not everyone fell for Allen 's spinning of the law , however .
@ JoinTravisAllen This is absolute trash , especially the fake headline . This law seeks to treat them as victims and get them real help now . — Jordan Michael Winn ( @ winnlosedraw ) December 30 , 2016 @ JoinTravisAllen what in the world is wrong with you ? ! pic.twitter.com/RvcTpsEahA — Megan Carlisle ( @ megsraye ) December 31 , 2016 @ JoinTravisAllen It means kids forced into prostitution will be treated as victims . That 's GOOD , because THEY ARE victims . You fecal stain . — Lyonell Keplar ( @ DeadOnToilet ) December 30 , 2016
Legislation SB1322 protects underage victims of sex trafficking against prosecution , but does not stop the prosecution of pimps or those who pay for sex with children . The bill does n't change the law that allows authorities to remove a child from a situation they deem unsafe , such as being a victim of sex trafficking .
California Senator Holly Mitchell , who sponsored the bill released a statement debunking Allen 's claims .
I denounce false claims made by Republicans on my bill # SB1322 that decriminalizes sexually exploited minors pic.twitter.com/9r32LlDmM0 — Holly J Mitchell ( @ HollyJMitchell ) December 31 , 2016
@ HollyJMitchell I have been clarifying SB1322 for people the past two days . As a victim of DMST from age 5-13 thank you and God Bless you ! — Jerome Elam ( @ JeromeElam ) December 31 , 2016
While Allen 's article did point to the Democrat 's intentions to help victims of sex trafficking , he said the law would “ only incentivize the increased exploitation of underage girls , ” and called it the “ tip of the liberal iceberg ” that will see California “ subjected to wave after wave ” of such laws .
Image copyright Getty Images
UK companies with 250 or more employees will have to publish their gender pay gaps within the next year under a new legal requirement .
The move is part of attempts to fight workplace discrimination .
The UK gender pay gap is 18.1 % for all workers , or 9.4 % for full-time staff .
Women and Equalities minister Justine Greening said `` helping women to reach their full potential is n't only the right thing to do , it makes good economic sense '' .
Public , private and voluntary sector firms are now all required to disclose average pay for men and women , including any bonuses .
About half of the UK workforce will be affected by the new reporting rules , which encompass 9,000 employers and more than 15 million employees .
Firms must publish a snapshot of their employee pay as at 5 April 2017 if they are a private business or charity , or 31 March 2017 for those in the public sector . All the data will eventually be available on a government database .
As of lunchtime on the first day of the new reporting rules , no companies had published information through that database . A few firms including Virgin Money and Deloitte had already published their figures prior to the government 's campaign launch .
The gender pay gap refers to the difference in average pay between men and woman , which the Office for National Statistics works out using median hourly earnings figures for UK employees .
When will companies show their figures ?
April 2018 is the final deadline . Until then , it may take weeks or months for the UK 's largest companies to publish the differences between what they pay men and women .
Fund manager Schroders became the first FTSE 100 company to go public , revealing in a remuneration report that pay for female staff was 33 % lower on average .
Many other publicly-listed firms are expected to reveal pay figures alongside their annual reports , which look back on that company 's activity for the previous year .
Crowley Woodford , an employment partner at law firm Ashurst , said to expect `` fireworks '' of publicity for the first employers which reveal data .
But he added : `` Many employers are hoping this will go the way of Norway , where after some initial surprise , it soon became old news . ''
If employers fail to comply by the April 2018 deadline , they will be contacted by the Equalities and Human Rights Commission .
Companies that discover they do have a gender pay gap will be encouraged to publish an action plan alongside the figures detailing the steps they plan to take to address the problem .
Image copyright Justine Greening
Other countries are also working to eradicate the gender pay gap . Iceland is debating a bill that would require companies with more than 25 employees to prove they do not discriminate between male and female workers .
The country has the smallest gap , according to the World Economic Forum 's Gender Pay Gap Index , while the UK is in 20th place .
By April 2018 , large and mid-sized companies in the UK must :
Publish their median gender pay gap figures , which compare the pay of the man and woman who are at the mid-point of the company payroll .
Publish their mean gender pay gap figures - produced by dividing the total payroll by the number of workers .
Publish the proportion of men and women in each quarter of the pay structure .
Publish the gender pay gaps for bonuses
Pay gap vs equal pay
The gender pay gap and equal pay are two different things . The former is the difference in average earnings between men and woman . Equal pay , or paying men and woman the same amount to do the same job , has been a legal requirement for more than 40 years .
`` Today sees a big step forward in the journey to achieve gender parity in the UK , '' said Emma Codd from Deloitte UK , which already publishes figures on its gender pay gap .
`` For the first time people will be able to see the gender pay gap of large employers at one fixed point in time , with this gap measured and reported in a consistent way . ''
Gender pay gap : What every woman should know
Should the gender pay gap be illegal ?
But Sam Bowman from the Adam Smith Institute , described the new measure as `` counterproductive '' .
`` It reinforces the idea that the gender wage gap is caused by discrimination by firms against women , '' he said .
`` In fact , it 's more to do with the fact that women are expected to take quite a lot of time out of their jobs after they have children , which interrupts their career progression , and many switch to part-time work when they do return to work .
`` We have more of a motherhood pay gap than a gender pay gap . That gap can be closed by encouraging men to handle a more equal share of child-rearing time and by consumers preferring firms that take the lead in giving flexibility to working mothers . ''
On Monday , network neutrality got its day in court . The United States Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit heard arguments from Verizon that the Federal Communications Commission had exceeded its authority by enacting network neutrality regulations .
But if you had gone to court expecting a rousing argument about the merits of network neutrality regulation , you would have been disappointed . Drenched in legal jargon , the argument focused on minutia of the 1996 Telecommunications Act and of past legal precedents .
Fortunately , we 're here to help . Read on to learn how we got to this point , what 's at stake in the debate , and what will happen if the courts find the FCC overstepped its authority .
What was Monday 's oral argument about ?
In 2010 , the Federal Communications Commission approved an Open Internet Order , which prohibited broadband providers from blocking or discriminating against Internet content . Advocates of the order argue it was necessary to prevent large incumbents like Verizon and Comcast from stifling competition and innovation online .
In 2011 , Verizon sued , arguing that the the FCC had exceeded its authority . On Monday , the case finally reached a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit , which heard arguments from both sides .
Verizon contends that the FCC overstepped its authority by imposing what amount to common carrier regulations on broadband providers . The FCC disagrees .
What are common carrier regulations and why do we have them ?
Common carrier regulations govern private companies that provide basic infrastructure such as railroads or electric utilities . Thanks to a lack of competition , these companies often have a lot of power over their customers . Common carrier regulations are intended to protect consumers by requiring companies to serve all customers on a non-discriminatory basis .
In the 1970s , AT & T had a monopoly over phone service in most parts of the country and was regulated as a common carrier . Regulators became concerned that AT & T would use its dominance in telecommunications to dominate the nascent market for online services . So they drew a legal distinction between firms ( like AT & T ) that provided basic telecommunications infrastructure and those ( like AOL and Compuserve ) that used that infrastructure to provide online services .
The former were regulated as common carriers to prevent them from abusing their market power . In contrast , regulators thought the market for online services would be highly innovative and competitive , so they exempted these firms from most regulations .
Congress codified that distinction in the 1996 Telecommunications Act . Congress dubbed providers of basic telecommunications infrastructure `` telecommunications services , '' and gave the Federal Communications Commission broad authority over them . In contrast , `` information services '' were largely exempt from regulation .
How did the FCC interpret those rules ?
Initially , the DSL broadband services offered by companies like Verizon were classified as telecom services , subjecting them to common carrier regulation . At the same time , online services like AOL and Yahoo were classified as information services , which exempted them from most regulations .
But the market was changing rapidly . Cable companies started offering phone service and Internet access . The phone and cable companies argued that , now that they were competing with each other , it did n't make sense to impose regulations that were intended to deal with monopolies .
So cable companies convinced the FCC to classify their new broadband Internet services as `` information services '' under the law . A few years later , the FCC reclassified DSL as an `` information service '' too . That effectively deregulated the market by exempting the firms from a range of requirements that would have otherwise applied to them .
( Don Ryan , Associated Press )
Is that what Congress had in mind when it passed the 1996 Telecom Act ?
A lot of people did n't think so . The decision to classify broadband as an information service became the subject of , yes , another lawsuit , which reached the Supreme Court in 2005 .
Surprisingly , one of the harshest critics of the FCC 's deregulatory strategy was one of the Supreme Court 's most conservative members , Antonin Scalia . The justice , who had helped shape telecommunications policy in the Nixon administration , blasted the FCC for its `` implausible reading of the statute . ''
But Scalia was in the minority . The court 's majority decided that it was up to the FCC to decide how to classify broadband services . And the Bush FCC used that discretion to put broadband services in the less-regulated `` information services '' bucket .
But the FCC took a different course under President Obama , right ?
President Obama promised to protect network neutrality on the campaign trail , so everyone expected his nominee to head the FCC , Julius Genachowski , to take a more activist posture . And the courts have been clear that the FCC has the option to reverse itself and re-classify broadband as a telecommunications service . So the FCC could have declared broadband a telecommunications service . That would give the FCC a strong legal foundation to enact the network neutrality regulations .
But when Genachowski floated the possibility of reclassifying broadband as an information service in 2010 , he got an earful from Congress . Dozens of members of Congress , including many Democrats , warned that reclassification will lead to `` lengthy court battles '' and discourage investment in broadband infrastructure .
So Genachowski split the baby instead . The agency retained the Bush-era classification of broadband as a lightly-regulated `` information service . '' But it argued that the statute gave the agency discretion to impose regulations that look suspiciously like common carrier rules .
Wait , I thought the whole point of the `` information service '' category was that they were exempt from common carrier obligations .
That 's right . And even some supporters of network neutrality regulations think that Genachowski 's interpretation is a stretch . The purpose of distinguishing between telecommunication and information services was to shield dynamic technology companies in the second category from the complex regulations that govern common carriers in the first category . Retaining the `` information service '' label but imposing network neutrality regulations anyway makes a hash of this regulatory scheme .
Indeed , one pro-net-neutrality group , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , has warned that the FCC 's gambit could open a Pandora 's box , since it would dramatically expand the FCC 's authority to regulate not just incumbent broadband providers , but other parts of the Internet as well . For example , the group says , similar reasoning could justify imposing `` Internet Decency '' regulations to clean up smut online , something few network neutrality supporters relish .
Verizon , of course , also believes the FCC overstepped its authority . So shortly after the FCC 's rules became official in 2011 , the company sued to block their enforcement . The telephone giant argues that the agency improperly imposed what amounted to common-carriage rules on Verizon even though the agency had previously declared that Verizon 's broadband service was not a common-carrier service .
Verizon 's challenge reached a three-judge panel of the D.C . Circuit on Monday .
How did the argument go ?
The common carriage issue was a major focus of the judges ' questions . Verizon contends that rules prohibiting content discrimination amount to common carrier regulation , since it forces Verizon to carry traffic from content providers all over the Internet free of charge . And that would be problematic because information services are not supposed to be regulated as common carriers .
The FCC disagreed , arguing that prohibiting Verizon from favoring some Web sites over others merely protects end users ' right to get the content of their choice . But at least two of the three judges seemed skeptical of the agency 's argument .
The judges did seem more sympathetic to two other provisions of the FCC order . These required more transparency from broadband providers and prohibited them from blocking third-party content outright . There was a lot of discussion about whether the judges could uphold some provisions of the order while striking down others , or whether the entire document had to stand or fall together .
If the court decides the FCC exceeded its authority , will that be the end of network neutrality ?
Not necessarily . First , the agency could still appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court . If that fails , then the FCC 's incoming chairman , Tom Wheeler , will have a few choices
One option could be to craft new , narrower regulations that are consistent with the court 's reasoning , whatever it turns out to be . That approach might not get network neutrality advocates everything they want , but they might regard it as better than no neutrality rules at all .
The FCC 's other option is to bite the bullet and reclassify broadband as a telecommunication service . That would give the FCC clear legal authority to impose common carrier regulations .
As we mentioned before , there was a huge backlash last time the FCC tried to do this . And Gigi Sohn , the president of the liberal Public Knowledge , predicts the FCC would face a similar reaction if it tried again . The phone and cable industries both oppose reclassification , she says , and between the two of them they have `` an awful lot of friends on the Hill . ''
But the FCC 's legal authority to reclassify is pretty clear . And while members of Congress would grumble , it 's unlikely that the Democrat-controlled Senate or President Obama would sign off on legislation overruling a Democratic FCC chairman 's decision to reclassify .
Why is reclassification so controversial ?
Many critics like the current classification precisely because it ties the FCC 's hands . Berin Szoka , for example , heads the free-market group TechFreedom . He warns that reclassification would give the FCC a blank check to `` do anything that they want . ''
`` In the long term you have no real certainty as to how you 're going to be regulated and which aspects of common carriage the FCC can impose on you , '' Szoka says . He 's particularly concerned that reclassification could lead to broadband price controls , which he believes would discourage innovation in the broadband market .
But Sohn says the law does n't require the FCC to use the powers it would get as a result of reclassification . For example , cell phone service is classified as a telecommunications services . In principle , that means the FCC has the power to dictate the prices of cell phone plans . But the FCC has chosen not to exercise that power , leaving the price of cell phone service to market forces . Sohn argues that the FCC could , and probably would , show similar restraint in the broadband market .
What happens next ?
The D.C . Circuit is expected to issue its ruling later this year or early next year . Depending on how it rules , the case might be appealed to the Supreme Court , it might be sent back down to the lower court for further consideration , or the FCC might be forced to start over . Litigation over the issue could easily continue for years .
In principle , Congress could resolve the issue by passing new legislation either authorizing or prohibiting the FCC from enacting network neutrality regulations . But Congress is distracted and deadlocked . It 's not likely to enact legislation on the topic any time soon .
Texans linebacker coach Mike Vrabel did what he does best and played some defense Tuesday , this time for one of his players .
NBC studio analyst and former Vrabel teammate on the New England Patriots Rodney Harrison claimed Cushing was loafing in the loss to the Dolphins .
Vrabel was having none of that .
“ I will say , if Brian Cushing loafs , I will retire as a coach , ” he said . “ He goes as hard as he can every play . ”
A lot of people give Cushing grief according to Vrabel , but the coach pointed to the fact Cushing leads the team in tackles .
Cushing has 29 more tackles than the next closest teammate . He has the fourth most tackles in the NFL with 69 through his eight games .
“ He makes mistakes like everybody else , but I will say that he plays with passion and heart for the game . ”
Follow Stoots on Twitter – @ Cody_Stoots
On July 14 , Super Junior 's Donghae completed his military service and was discharged at the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency , where he was greeted by fans who had been waiting for him .
Later , the artist posted to his personal Instagram and thanked fans for waiting for him to be discharged from the military . Donghae expressed his love for fans and said , “ I could n't sleep after I heard that some of our ELFs had been waiting for a couple days in front of the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency in the midst of an intense heat wave . I was worried that it might take a toll on your health and was also worried that you might not be eating well . ”
He also added that he was very touched to see that fans from overseas had come to Korea to meet him and said , “ From now on , I 'll make sure you all are never lonely again . ”
Donghae wrapped up his post by telling fans he would see them at the fan meeting next week , which he will be hosting with fellow Super Junior member Eunhyuk , who was also recently discharged from the military .
The artist also posted another photo of him with the rest of his unit , thanking them for the past year and nine months .
1년9개월동안 감사했습니다.사랑하는 단장님과 우리 대원들… A post shared by H a R u ( @ leedonghae ) on Jul 13 , 2017 at 5:58pm PDT
Meanwhile , Super Junior will be making a comeback together this fall with seven members .
Welcome back , Donghae !
Source ( 1 )
Top photo credit : XPORTSNEWS
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Yaya Toure is staying at Manchester City .
There has been speculation he wanted a move away after suggesting his was unhappy at the Etihad Stadium .
Before heading to the World Cup with the Ivory Coast , he revealed his unhappiness at City 's failure to celebrate his birthday .
He also hinted he had been forced to attend a post-season trip to Abu Dhabi while his brother Ibrahim was suffering from cancer .
Toure has been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain . But after meeting City bosses this week , the 31-year-old insists he wants to stay .
Toure said : `` The fans have always been good to me , they 've always been good to my family .
`` I want to stay . I will always honour my contract . I do n't think about all this speculation . It 's a big pleasure to stay and enjoy the next season .
`` Everything is fine now . There was a lot of speculation , you know . I think sometimes it 's quite disappointing .
`` I need to do something for the fans , it 's important to let them know . They 've done a lot for me . The team is preparing well and we will try to win again next season . ''
Much of the uncertainty surrounding Toure 's future has come from his agent Dimitri Seluk 's comments .
But Toure made a point of backing his representative .
He added : `` He 's quite strong sometimes , but he 's a very good guy .
`` To be honest , we never wanted to talk about money . There are more important things than money . To be happy , healthy . Respect as well is very important . ''
And Seluk even made a joke of his claim that City did n't celebrate Toure 's birthday .
Seluk said : `` He is 100 per sent staying with City next season , not PSG or anywhere else .
`` I hope now everybody will have a very friendly relationship . I hope his next birthday they will celebrate together . ''
This post may contain affiliate links . For more information , please see my full disclosure policy .
6K Shares Pin
Once again , that time of year has rolled around . If you 've homeschooled for any length of time you 'll know exactly what I 'm talking about .
That time of year when you start wrapping up your current school year and start planning the next . Whether you plan on taking a summer break or you school year round , one thing that seems to remain constant is the need to plan ahead and stay organized .
Over the past couple of years , here in our own home , we 've been putting together a home school planner that helps us do just that and of course , we 've been sharing that with you !
With all of your amazing comments and feedback throughout this time , we 've tried our best to alter and update the home school planner so that it truly meets the needs of homeschool parents everywhere and so far , this year 's planner is better than ever !
While most of the formatting has stayed the same ( since we , along with many of you , seem to love it ) , this year 's version does have a few updates to note .
The biggest , and probably one of the best in my opinion , is the addition of a weekly subject planner . A printable weekly page that allows you to plan out your week for each subject .
The second , the home school planner sports a fresh new design that is perfect for inspiring a fresh start and growth in your new home school year .
Of course , the basics of the previous years ' planners are all still there . You 'll find printable planning pages that allow you to track attendance , if that is something that is required in your state , grades , book and supply lists , even forms to help you plan out your field trips .
Hopefully , this year 's planner is just what you 're looking for and , as always , let us know how it works for you ! We love getting your feedback !
2016 Homeschool Planner Download Now
2016-Homeschool-Planner.pdf – 812 KB
6K Shares Pin
Learning through play , creativity , and exploration ! Join our free mailing list for hands-on-activities , free printables , and exclusive content delivered right to your inbox ! Name * Name
Email Address * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms .
Enormous profits are n't enough for Walmart . It 's not enough that the company 's main owners , the Walton family , are billionaires many times over . According to a new report from Americans for Tax Fairness , Walmart is also sheltering $ 76 billion in assets in 78 subsidiaries located in 15 tax haven countries where Walmart does n't even have stores . What 's more , Walmart has effectively hidden all these subsidiaries by not listing them in the part of its Securities and Exchange Commission forms where they 're supposed to be listed ( the part where it says `` subsidiaries '' ) , instead burying any mention of them as deeply as it can .
Walmart is getting out of major taxes through these maneuvers . Take Luxembourg . Walmart has $ 64 billion in assets stashed in 22 shell companies—five of which were established in 2015 alone . Those assets in Luxembourg generate big profits and teeny tiny taxes . Walmart is n't just parking the money in places with low taxes and leaving it there , though :
During the first half of 2014 , Walmart took $ 2.4 billion in low-interest , short-term loans from subsidiaries in tax havens , thereby providing Walmart affiliates in the United States access to foreign earnings without paying U.S. tax , which may transgress the intent of U.S. law .
Walmart generates about $ 1.5 billion worth of tax deductions in Luxembourg each
year by making phantom interest payments to Wal-Mart International Holdings , Inc .
in the United States . By using what tax planners call a hybrid loan , Walmart effectively
makes this income disappear for tax purposes in both Luxembourg and the United
States .
This is all on top of Walmart 's billions in share buybacks enrich the Walton family while the company pays its workers poverty wages , and the `` performance pay '' bonuses for top executives that let the company avoid tens of millions in taxes here in the U.S. No wonder Walmart 's reputation is rock bottom .
It 's amazing what is considered heroism these days .
A Texas legislator and her pink sneakers have been lionized for an eleventh-hour filibuster against a bill that would have made it illegal for mothers to abort babies past 20 weeks of pregnancy , except in the case of severe fetal abnormalities or to protect the life or health of the mother .
People actually cheered this .
But the fight is not over . The bill will be reintroduced , and supporters of the ban are optimistic it will pass . For now , Wendy Davis has achieved the dubious victory of maintaining a very dark status quo . Texas women will still be able to abort a healthy baby up to the 26th week of pregnancy for any reason , as the current law allows .
According to the Parents Connect website , if you are in the 25th week of your pregnancy , “ Get ready for pat-a-cake ! Baby 's hands are now fully developed and he spends most of his awake time groping around in the darkness of your uterus . Brain and nerve endings are developed enough now so that your baby can feel the sensation of touch. ” Let 's be clear : Davis has been called a hero for trying to block a bill that would make aborting this baby illegal .
In addition to the limit on late-term abortions , the Texas legislature sought to pass regulations on abortion clinics similar to what was passed in Pennsylvania in 2011 after the Gosnell horror . The New York Times warned that the Texas bill “ could lead to the closing of most of Texas 's 42 abortion clinics. ” That sounds familiar . In 2011 , the Pennsylvania ACLU claimed a post-Gosnell bill “ would effectively close most and maybe all of the independent abortion clinics in Pennsylvania. ” Last month , a Pennsylvania news site reported that “ several ” abortion clinics have closed , which is n't quite the Armageddon the abortion-rights movement predicted .
So no , I do n't stand with Wendy . Nor do most women , as it turns out . According to a June National Journal poll , 50 percent of women support , and 43 percent oppose , a ban on abortion after 20 weeks , except in cases of rape and incest .
One can assume I am also not the only woman in America who is really tiring of the Wendy 's of the world claiming to represent “ women 's rights ” in their quest to mainstream a medical procedure—elective late-term abortion—that most of the civilized world finds barbaric and abhorrent . In many European countries , you ca n't get an abortion past 12 weeks , except in narrow circumstances . Gallup reported in January that 80 percent of Americans think abortion should be illegal in the third trimester , and 64 percent think it should be illegal in the second trimester .
If the majority of Americans oppose elective late-term abortion , why do we have Davis complaining to CBS 's Bob Schieffer that the male politicians who are championing the late-term abortion ban are “ bullying women ” ? Maybe it 's she who is bullying the rest of us into supporting a view that is mocked by scientific advancement ; namely 3-D sonograms . Maybe we should be thankful for the men and wonder what is wrong with the women who think protecting the right to abort your baby for any reason up to the 26th week is a “ human right . ”
Human-rights movements have traditionally existed to help the voiceless and those without agency gain progressively more rights . Yet in the case of abortion , the voiceless have progressively lost rights at the hands of people who claim to be human-rights crusaders . Abortion-rights leaders have turned the world upside down . They want us to believe that a grown woman is voiceless , that she has less agency than the infant in her womb who relies on her for life . A woman has so little agency , we are told , that she is incapable of getting an abortion before the fifth month of her pregnancy . To suggest she should do so is a “ war on women. ” It 's an insult to women dressed up as “ women 's rights . ”
On ABC 's This Week , Peggy Noonan responded to the chants of “ I stand with Wendy ” by noting , “ What she is ... standing for is something we would recognize as infanticide , late-term abortion , the taking of a little child 's life. ” Standing for that is not heroic , and it is not something to be cheered .
The 2017 Polymer Summit : A Review Keith Henry
I 've just come back from the third annual Polymer Summit in Copenhagen - here is a review of my time there .
Day 1 : Tues 22nd Aug
Big announcement : Polymer v3 coming soon !
This will include ...
npm ( sort of )
Back when Polymer started out npm was mainly for Node.js and most of the web used Bower . Now that 's stabilised and npm is used both by most web and Node.js projects .
However , there was a reason for the old rule of bower on the client , npm on the server and that was that npm creates a tree of dependencies .
Suppose you have two components A and B , and they both depend on a library X ( version 1.0 ) . Now suppose that a new version of X ( 1.1 ) comes out and A is updated to use it :
npm creates two copies of X , 1.0 for B and 1.1 for A ( each stored in folders under the component they apply to ) .
This is better on the server where size is less important than compatibility .
This is better on the server where size is less important than compatibility . Bower resolves to either version 1.1 or 1.0 of X and flattens it .
This is better for the web , as size is critical , but it can cause version conflict issues as now both A and B have to use the same dependency .
Bower 's model is better for web applications ( where you really do n't want to download two versions of the same JS , ever ) but critical for web components as customElements.define requires the tag you register a component as to be unique .
Polymer 's solution is to use Yarn - an npm client ( so Polymer is now stored in npm ) that flattens and resolves conflicts like Bower does .
HTML Imports Replaced by ES Modules
HTML Imports dropped in favour of ES Modules - this is the first real public indication from Google that this feature ( which they 've been pushing for a few years ) is going to be deprecated .
This is quite painful for the Polymer faithful , but is going to be essential taking it forward .
Current Polymer 2 components look like this :
< ! -- my-component.html -- > < link rel= '' import '' href= '' .. / .. /bower-components/polymer/polymer-element.html '' > < dom-module id= '' my-component '' strip-whitespace > < template > < style > : host { } < /style > Template Content < /template > < script > class MyComponent extends Polymer.Element { // Implementation JS } customElements.define ( 'my-component ' , MyComponent ) ; < /script > < /dom-module >
This is great for HTML/CSS tools support , but terrible for integration with anything else . In Polymer v3 ES Module imports will be used instead :
// my-component.js import element from ' .. / .. /node-modules/polymer/polymer-element.js ' export class MyComponent extends Polymer.Element { static get template ( ) { return ` < style > : host { } < /style > Template Content ` ; } } customElements.define ( 'my-component ' , MyComponent ) ;
On the plus side this makes integration with other frameworks really easy , and means the tools that already work with frameworks like React , Angular and Vue.js will now also work with Polymer .
On the downside this means native HTML/CSS becomes template strings to the tools that edit this content . That will be difficult to many already working with Polymer .
I think this is the right call . We have already been bumping against the limits of Polymer 2 and this change is going to ultimately be really good for us ( even if it means porting lots of web components in the short term ) .
Google are releasing a command line tool to automatically port Polymer 2 HTML imports to v3 ES Modules , which is is grand idea , but in practice will only work 80 % of the time ( and we 're sure to be on the other 20 % ) . Apparently it relies on JSDoc heavily , so get your comments up to date !
ES Modules are not widely supported yet but are available behind flags or in preview versions in all the major browsers so should be soon .
One important note is that JS import needs a relative file path ( unlike Node 's require ) , which means it needs a flattened list of specific dependencies like Bower or now Yarn , rather than npm 's trees and file discovery .
Big Sites Now Using Polymer 2
YouTube , EA , USAToday and Netflix are all using Polymer for both reusability of components and scale .
Most of these sessions were fairly high level : interesting , but light on implementation detail .
Day 1 : Standout Sessions
Rob Dodson had an excellent session on best practices with web components :
Monica Dinculescu has built an exceptional prototyping tool that uses Polymer components :
The tool Wizzywid is well worth trying out .
Day 2 : Wed 23rd Aug
Day 1 left a bit of a hole - in Polymer 1 & 2 < template > tags are performant DOM , but with the move to string literals we end up using innerHTML to populate the component DOM and that is both clunky and slow .
I had investigated one way around this : JSX inside Polymer , but they have something else in mind ...
lit-html
This uses tagged literals . Basically this turns an interpolated string into a function call :
let template = html ` < div att= '' $ { foo } '' > $ { bar } < /div > ` ; // becomes let template = html ( [ ' < div att= '' ' , ' '' > ' , ' < /div > ' ] , foo , bar ) ;
This html function is the core of lit and returns a TemplateResult that works in a similar way to VDOM .
It 's not quite the same as VDOM in React ( or similar ) - instead of updating the entire virtual tree and then finding only changes in the DOM it updates only the DOM it found to be dynamic .
There is huge potential to this approach , but it 's very early days . The big advantage over JSX is no tooling support required . html is a run time parse , but it only runs once per template and performance testing and optimisation is underway .
I will go into this in a lot more detail in future blogs .
Ionic Stencil
Ionic outlined another approach that does n't use Polymer at all ( but does use web components ) .
Stencil uses JSX and TypeScript , but instead of compiling to call a framework like React it compiles to the native JS . It also uses the same asynchronous DOM changes as React Fibre to make VDOM changes to lots of elements at once fast .
This means Stencil 's components are small , fast , and have no dependencies at all . They 'll play nice with anything . It does also mean that they have more repeated code , but you 'd need a lot of components ( each with a small overhead of repeated JS ) before that became more than even a lightweight framework .
This is kind of the opposite direction from lit . Comparing both to React 's mix of JSX tools and the framework to support their output : lit does away with tools completely , while Stencil is a build tool that does away with the framework .
Server Side Rendering
Afternoon sessions focussed on SSR for bots - a weakness for any PWA/SPA ( but especially one that uses web components ) because of JS client rendering ( which bots might not run ) and shadow DOM ( which bots can 's see ) .
Rendertron is a Docker image with a headless Chrome implementation that can load a route , execute all the JS and return a static version of the HTML .
Day 2 : Standout Sessions
Martin Splitt 's talk on VR/AR was fascinating and entertaining :
Sam Thorogood presented a good primer on ES6 modules :
And , of course , Surma and Monica Dinculescu ( and a little recorded Paul Lewis ) presented Supercharged LIVE LIVE :
Conclusions
Polymer has a bit of a reputation for always announcing the next new big thing . To some extent this summit was no different , with Polymer 3 making some quite drastic shifts of the goalposts . However , this time I think this shift is towards ( rather than away from ) where the other frameworks are going . It 's a shift they need to make .
I 'm excited about what we 'll be able to do with Polymer 3 .
I learned a great deal and met a lot of fascinating and talented people .
I also want to say that the entire summit was exceptionally well run , and the `` be excellent to each other '' code of conduct is something every event should have . This was the most diverse developer event I 've ever attended , and also one of the best .
TL ; DR :
Switch to Yarn from Bower .
Be ready to switch to ES Module imports when Polymer 3 becomes available .
Polymer 3 will be less idiosyncratic , and work better with the same toolsets as other frameworks .
Some of the biggest websites in the world are using Polymer now .
lit-html is exciting , but it 's early days .
is exciting , but it 's early days . This song is now stuck in my head forever .
Share this post
To the 4 white male policemen who beat me for checking the health of a sick black man in their custody…
Ali Afshar Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14 , 2016
You may or may not know that the incidence and relapse rates of schizophrenia in African-Caribbean males in Western countries has been reported as being much higher than equivalent white male cohorts . E.g .
We found remarkably high IRRs for both schizophrenia and manic psychosis in both African-Caribbeans ( schizophrenia 9.1 , manic psychosis 8.0 ) and Black Africans ( schizophrenia 5.8 , manic psychosis 6.2 ) in men and women .
Fearon et al , 2006 http : //westminsterresearch.wmin.ac.uk/4110/1/Fearon_et_al_2006_final.pdf
This knowledge was forefront in my mind when I saw a man in his twenties muttering to himself , handcuffed and surrounded by 4 white male police officers on El Camino , in Northern California . As a physician , I have a duty ( shit , I swore an actual oath ) to preserve the health of all humans . There was no way I was going to drive past this situation without making sure that guy was going to be fine .
As I pulled over to ask if the gentleman was OK , I was immediately threatened with a ticket for blocking traffic . I re-parked my car legally and returned . My exact words were “ I want to help to make sure this guy is OK ” . The officers were aggressive and angry , instantly .
“ Show me your ID ? ”
“ Why ? ”
“ Show me your ID ! You must obey an officer . ”
“ I have n't done anything , I need to know he is OK , and I will be on my way ”
“ He is resisting arrest ! ” Shouted one of them .
“ What ? ”
And before I knew it , I was face first on the sidewalk . I did n't fight or protest or resist — I 'm a nerdy non-violent type , and then things started to get really weird .
“ He is fighting ” one shouted as he planted his knee in my lumbar spine .
“ I am not fighting , I am calm ”
“ He is resisting arrest ! ”
“ No I am not ”
They were running this weird fake dialog in the background .
“ The ID looks fake ” As he bent it and tried to scratch the numbers off of my CA driving license .
“ Look it is bent ”
“ You just bent it ”
“ Definitely a fake ID , we have to take him in ”
And then , weirdly someone grabbed my left middle finger and bent it back as far as it would go . Then my right ankle .
“ Why would you bend my finger back ? ”
“ Because you are resisting arrest . ”
By now I am bleeding below my right eye ( thanks for smacking my bespectacled eyes into the pavement ) and my elbow has some road burn on it . I ca n't move because of the pain in my lumbar spine and of course I have bilateral torn deltoids from cuffing procedure . I have not resisted or shown aggression in the slightest . It was obvious that there had been a collective decision to “ teach this guy a lesson ” …
“ I hope you learned something today ”
“ Yes sir , I learned that everything I read and hear about the corrupt and criminal police departments in this country is fact . I have seen it for myself . ”
Wrong answer , I guess , because he put me in the back of his car and started driving me to the police station .
“ You are going to jail ” .
“ Why ? ” .
“ Resisting arrest . ”
“ Arrest for what ? ”
“ Disobeying an officer . ”
“ If you asked me to jump off a bridge do I have to do it ? ”
“ Did I ask you to jump off of a bridge ? ”
Fair point I guess .
“ Why ca n't I just go home . ”
“ Because we have procedures , otherwise people will think we beat you for nothing . ”
“ So you admit you beat me for nothing ? ”
“ No , that 's the procedure . ”
“ Have you seen the videos of police shooting black guys for no reason ? ”
“ You should n't believe everything you see on YouTube . ”
“ I want a lawyer . ”
I was out within an hour . The best they could do was a citation for driving without a seat belt ( in addition to resisting/delaying arrest ) . But only after I answered the question “ what did you learn today ? ” with “ I learned not to interfere with police business ” .
Correct answer .
But you know what ? Fuck you .
Every time I see officers surrounding an individual who needs protection , I will interfere . Every fucking time . I will interfere like a middle-eastern mother-in-law . It is my duty as a physician . As a human . It is my duty to hold those people responsible for their actions . I can take a beating , thank-you . I will never ever ever ever walk by silently . Ever , fuckers . Pick on schizophrenics , you are picking on me .
Fuck you if you think you can scare people like me . You ca n't . You only make us more determined to do the right thing . And yes , assholes , I could name each of you here . Name and shame . Each of 4 white , ignorant , asshole police officers .
But I wo n't , I 'll see you in court with a badass lawyer . I have privileges that the other poor guy could never have . And I am going to use them .
p.s . if anyone knows what happened to the guy , I am still worried about him .
By Constantinos Psillides
Interior Minister , and Acting Defence Minister , Socratis Hasikos , on Saturday did not confirm or deny reports that the Sultan of Oman would be donating a navy vessel to Cyprus as a gift .
Hasikos was responding to a story run by daily Philelftheros , where it said that the defence minister of the sultanate , Sayyid Badr Bin Saud Bin Hareb Al-Busaid , sent a letter to former Defence Minister Fotis Fotiou informing him that the sultanate was interested in giving a ship from the Royal Navy of Oman to Cyprus .
The ship , according to the reports , is 61,47m in length and 10,67m wide and it has been used in numerous expeditions . Reportedly the gift is a ‘ thank you ' for the warm welcome he received when he visited the island on November 5 , 2013 .
Fotiou had then said , following a meeting with the Defence Minister of Oman , that they had discussed a framework of collaboration between the two countries on maritime security issues .
The report said the letter sent to Fotiou specified that the ship was to be used to patrol the island 's territorial waters . Fotiou did not immediately return calls on Saturday , while incoming Defence minister Christoforos Fokaides , who takes the reins on Monday , declined to comment , telling the Cyprus Mail that since he had not yet taken over he was not briefed on the issue .
Speaking in his stead , Hasikos said that if Oman wanted to give a ship to Cyprus it would be most welcome .
“ We will evaluate everything . As a matter of principle in these cases , we express our gratitude but we still have a long way to go till the gift comes to Cyprus , ” the minister said .
Omani ministers and the sultan himself have visited the island on several occasions . Foreign Affairs minister Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah came to Cyprus on January 17 , 2013 to meet with then minister Erato-Kozakou Markoulli while the sultan , Qaboos bin Said Al Said stayed in Limassol for vacation on July 2012 .
Peyton Manning just retired as the NFL 's all-time leader in career touchdown passes ( 539 ) , having taken the throne from Brett Favre ( 508 ) . Who 's in third place ? Well , it 's a tie at 428 between two active superstars : Tom Brady and Drew Brees .
Neither Brady nor Brees entered the league as a first-round draft pick and both QBs spent Year 1 riding the pine . In the time since ? Well , let 's just say the folks in Canton might as well get started on their busts right now . Brady has logged six seasons of 30-plus TDs , including a whopping 50 in 2007 . Meanwhile , Brees has eclipsed the 30-touchdown mark in each of the last eight seasons .
Both QBs are in their late-30s ( Brady 's 38 , Brees is 37 ) , but neither has shown any signs of slowing down . So , which future Hall of Fame signal caller will finish his NFL career with more touchdown passes : Brady or Brees ?
Eric Davis
+ Follow On Twitter Sean Payton will do everything in his power to allow Brees to have more TDs Part of being able to break records and post huge career numbers is having a coach who cares about records and stats . Sean Payton will give Part of being able to break records and post huge career numbers is having a coach who cares about records and stats . Sean Payton will give Drew Brees the opportunity to get the most touchdowns he possibly can . If both Brees and Brady are going into their last game and Brees needs eight touchdown passes , Payton will allow him to throw for nine . That 's why I would give the edge to Brees , on top of the fact that he has the skill set .
Heath Evans
+ Follow On Twitter Patriots ' system gives Brady slight advantage The is their run game . I look back to what Brady did against the
With Brees and Sean Payton , it 's always going to be big plays and big yards . The The Patriots have developed a system that no one has caught on to . Even with a destroyed offensive line in 2015 , Brady was still able to get the ball out of his hands in two seconds -- so essentially , the pass gametheir run game . I look back to what Brady did against the Broncos in the AFC Championship Game . Even though the Patriots lost , Brady threatened to tie the score with a two-point conversion against the best team in football with one healthy offensive lineman . That alone speaks volumes about where he is at 38 years old.With Brees and Sean Payton , it 's always going to be big plays and big yards . The Saints run a true West Coast , progression passing game , but it takes time and a lot of pieces have to be put in place for it to be effective . The longevity of what the Patriots are doing gives Brady the edge , but both of these quarterbacks will play past 40 .
Charley Casserly
+ Follow On Twitter Brady 's team ultimately will provide him more TD opportunities I am going to go with
If you want to make the case for Brees , you could argue he is over a year younger . His defense will not be as good , forcing him to throw the ball more .
But personally , I 'm rolling with the better team : I am going to go with Tom Brady because I think he will be with a better team . A superior team will give him more opportunities to be successful as a QB ( and thus , throw more touchdown passes ) . I know this is not a detailed analysis , but sometimes the simple truth is the best answer.If you want to make the case for Brees , you could argue he is over a year younger . His defense will not be as good , forcing him to throw the ball more.But personally , I 'm rolling with the better team : Tom Brady 's Patriots
Story highlights China 's space agency says they will be on Mars by the end of the decade
New ambitious plan aims to make China a `` major space power ''
Beijing ( CNN ) China is aiming to own the race for space in the next decade .
China 's ambitious and fast-growing space program is targeting a landing on the dark side of the moon by 2018 , and reaching Mars before the end of the decade .
The country 's space agency held a press conference on Tuesday to mark the release of a policy paper , and outlined the government 's goals for exploring deep space .
Wu Yanhua , deputy chief of the National Space Administration , said Beijing aims to launch its first Mars probe around 2020 to carry out orbiting and roving exploration , followed by a second mission that would include collection of surface samples from the red planet .
He said other plans include sending probes to Jupiter and its moons .
Read More
The weakest part of the Indianapolis Colts ' struggling defense this year has been the play of the linebackers , and that 's frightening because it 's the position that has been least-affected by injuries . In other words , there 's not a ton of optimism about it getting better .
It 's hard for Colts fans to watch them play and then also watch the Chicago Bears play , as many did this past weekend , and see inside linebacker Jerrell Freeman playing so well . Through two games in Chicago , the former Colt has racked up 22 tackles , four tackles for loss , and a pass defensed - putting him on pace for 176 tackles and 32 tackles for loss this year to go with eight passes defensed . Many Colts fans were upset that the team let him walk in free agency , and that 's continuing now .
So since Colts fans have been discussing Freeman recently , the Indianapolis Star 's Stephen Holder took the opportunity to reveal the real reason why the Colts let Freeman walk ( why he did n't bring it up this offseason , I have no idea ) .
Earlier this year , the reasoning was simply that the Colts wanted to get younger at the position and that they wanted to give some of their young players a chance to develop behind Freeman . Now ? Holder says it was because they wanted to add a cornerback . Here 's what he wrote earlier this week :
The Colts were n't willing to go beyond their initial three-year , $ 12 million offer to Freeman in February . But why ? Because the Colts had set aside money specifically for a No . 2 cornerback behind their top corner , Vontae Davis . It was one of the team 's primary offseason needs and , because their style of defense is so heavily dependent on solid cornerback play , the Colts placed that need well above their desire to retain Freeman .
Most here know that I was very much in favor of the Colts re-signing Freeman this offseason , but even I could understand their reasoning , even if I thought it was the wrong decision to make : they wanted to focus on developing young talent instead of re-signing a 30-year old linebacker . This latest reason , however , is one that I think makes the Colts look worse in the long run .
Basically , here 's the idea : the Colts only offered Freeman a three-year , $ 12 million deal , which is what he wound up accepting with the Bears . He obviously did n't like the Colts ' initial offer ( even though he wound up signing a very similar deal ) , but it led to many questioning whether the Colts should have gone slightly higher than $ 4 million per year in order to ensure they retained one of their best defensive players . It sounds like they wanted to add a number two cornerback instead , however , which was n't a bad idea , but they could have done that while also keeping Freeman .
Let me explain . Let 's just take the Colts ' current cap number , which according to Over the Cap leaves right around $ 10 million still available ( though we do n't know details of Akeem Ayers ' deal , which have been hard to come by ) . So with that much cap space remaining , the Colts could easily have given Freeman $ 5-6 million a year to keep him around and still had room to roll over some cap space to next year or keep it available in case they need it this year . That 's with all the other moves the Colts made . It could certainly have worked . But that 's with the benefit of hindsight , so let 's just speculate that the Colts were looking to make a bigger splash at cornerback than signing Patrick Robinson ( who got a three year , $ 13.5 million deal ) . Of all the free agent cornerbacks this offseason , Josh Norman received the highest average per year , but he was n't available when the Colts wound up signing Robinson . Sean Smith will have the highest 2016 cap hit at $ 11 million , which is $ 7 million more than Robinson 's cap hit this year . So let 's just say that the Colts maybe wanted to make a bigger splash so they wanted to have the money available to do so if need be . They could have still kept Freeman by cutting D'Qwell Jackson , which would have saved $ 5.25 million this offseason . They could have cut Jackson , re-signed Freeman to a similar monetary value , and still given their young guys a chance to develop while still targeting a number two cornerback . And that 's if the Colts went after the most expensive cornerback on the market . Or here 's another scenario : the Colts could have rolled more of Andrew Luck 's future extension to 2017 , where they have plenty of cap room , to create a little extra space for Freeman . Here 's all I 'm saying : the Colts absolutely could have made it work to keep Jerrell Freeman if they had wanted to , and they could have done so without a ton of difficulty .
So that 's why this reasoning does n't truly get at the heart of the issue , because the Colts easily could have made it work . Instead , they opted for D'Qwell Jackson and Patrick Robinson over Jerrell Freeman , and the results are now evident in the Colts ' struggles at linebacker . The issue is now in the past and there 's nothing the Colts can do about it now , but since the topic has been revisited this week , it 's hard not to look at the situation and wonder whether it 's one the Colts really screwed up .
I 'll Put My Name On This Piece Declaring It Idiotic To Argue Against Anonymity Online
from the that's-just-wrong dept
Please , please , spare me all the privacy arguments . I know that each and every one of you is terrified that if your real names appear anywhere online , a cyber-crook will start wearing your identity like a cheap suit . Of course , you often forget that you 're sometimes complicit , in some fashion , in the crime : Answering phishing attack emails , using terrible passwords , not shredding your snail mail . Granted , sometimes the cyber thievery happens when hackers scoop up tons of private data on a third-party server .
Yes . This all happens . And I still want to end online anonymity – even if it does leave us a little more exposed online and , though not my objective , destroys Reddit .
We need to shut down online anonymity and stop confusing it with privacy . The answer to protecting yourself online is not to be someone else and please do not talk to me about online identity as if it 's some fluid thing to be protected . If you officially change your name , your address , your email , your phone number , please , by all means , change it online . “ FunkyDawg ” is not your identity . It 's a handle .
On virtually all of my social accounts , I am “ LanceUlanoff. ” Granted , I 've built a tiny online brand around my name , but I 've also found this transparency much easier to manage than a bunch of random handles and identities . It also keeps me honest . I am accountable for the things I post on Twitter , Facebook , and Instagram .
Even if sites like Reddit continue to allow members to hide behind screen names , they should know , in the Reddit system , who they are : Full name , age , birthdate and maybe even address . If Reddit does this , it will not only cut down the number of attacks , it will likely scrub Reddit of much of its disgusting , hateful and racist content . It might also help the site , assuming it survives , monetize more activity than it is now .
None of this , by the way , should hamper “ Free Speech ” on Reddit .
Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority . . . . It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular : to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation . . . at the hand of an intolerant society .
I know that most of the members who hated Pao and wanted her out were angry about the necessary changes she was making and they often decried her actions as an attack on free speech . Sorry , but , in my book , hate speech does not equal free speech .
If , however , these Reddit members really believe it is their right to harass , spew hate and post their insane ideas about various races , then do it without the mask of a user name . Put your real name and photo on the site . Stand up for what you believe in , you bastards .
This happens every few months -- whenever there 's a flare up of `` bad behavior '' on the internet . Some genius thinks he can solve everything by just `` getting rid of online anonymity . '' The latest to step into this well trodden , widely debunked , canyon of ridiculousness ... is Lance Ulanoff over at Mashable . He seems to think that he 's the first person to seriously consider the idea of doing away with online anonymity , and it only serves to show that he 's barely thought through the issue at all . First off , it 's simplyto associate anonymous comments with trollish comments . Yes , anonymous comments are trollish , but most are not . And , in fact , many trollish , harassing comments come from people who have their real names attached to them . This has been studied widely , but Ulanoff does n't even bother to look for , he just goes with his gut . The largest single platform for harassment online ... has been Facebook , which famously requires `` real names . '' That has n't stopped harassment , and nor would it do so on Reddit.Ulanoff completely brushes off privacy concerns , by misunderstanding them . Completely : Preventing cybercrime is not the main reason why people like to remain anonymous online ( again , if that were true , why would anyone be using Facebook ? ) . Many people havefor wanting to be anonymous online , having to do with . Want to have a discussion about surviving rape ? Maybe you do n't want to blast that out to the public . Hell , want to have a discussion about being stalked online ? Perhaps not the best thing to put your name out there in public , right ? Or what if you 're criticizing a boss ? Or whistleblowing ? Or questioning anyone who has authority to make your life miserable ? Ulanoff lives in a privileged world where apparently he ca n't ever imagine needing to speak truth to power ( this is a ? ! ? ) or where he might want to be able to discuss things personally without everyone in the world knowing about it . Lucky him . Most of the world is not so lucky.Again , this is because you 're in a position of privilege where you do n't need to go in search of people to talk to about how your parents beat you . Or you do n't need to find a community to talk to about coming out . Or about finding a new job . There are all sorts of reasons why anonymity matters , and Ulanoff does n't seem to have consideredof them . And they 're not just the `` extreme '' cases of rape or sexual orientation or things like that either . There are lots of reasons why people might not want to reveal their personal interests or hobbies . What if all of your co-workers are staunch Republicans and you secretly support Hillary Clinton ? What if you do n't reallythe world to know that you are the world 's most knowledgeable expert on the TV sitcom ? It could be . Maybe you like steamy romance novels and you think your friends would make fun of you for that . Maybe you think hockey is a stupid sport , but all your friends are really into it . Not everyone 's life is an open book , nor should it be . There are lots of reasons we do n't reveal everything about us , and it takes quite a lot of ignorance to assume that just because you happen to live in a comfy situation where your life is an open book that everyone else 's should be as well.Again , this is a total myth . Facebook has much of that info and yet all sorts of hate and attacks happen on Facebook . Ulanoff ca n't seem to get over his initial conflation of `` anonymity '' with `` bad behavior . '' There is some overlap in the venn diagram , but it 's nowhere near as complete as he seems to think it is . Also , if Reddit has that info , then it 's . Notice all those hacks and data leaks lately ? How safe will the woman seeking help to leave her abusive husband feel knowing that some hackers might leak her name and address at any moment ? Yes , actually it will . A ton . Because all those people who would like to feel comfortable discussing things in such settings will go away . The Supreme Court itself has made it clear that anonymity is a key part of free speech . Ulanoff should familiarize himself with some of its statements , such as : And yet , Ulanoff ridiculously thinks that he 's the one protecting people from an `` intolerant society '' because he 's too ignorant and too privileged to recognize all those people who rely on anonymity.Oh , and then he closes it out with his own , incorrect , definition of the First Amendment : In your book it may not , but under the Constitution it does . That does not mean , of course , that Reddit needs to put up with hate speech . That 's a decision for the company to make on its own . But Ulanoff 's argument here is so confused as to be laughable . It 's like a high school student who just discovered these issues and did n't bother to do any research before spouting off his opinion.The facts are pretty clear : anonymous speech is incredibly important in protecting free speech , mostly in protecting people from harassment or risks . It is a key tool that allows people who are facing difficult situations to find each other and discuss . On top of that , content from anonymous individuals online is perfectly reasonable and fits within community norms . Finally , requiring real names has never been shown to adequately limit trollish behavior . So Ulanoff is spouting off an idea that puts more people at risk , limits communities that need such connections the most and does nothing to actually stop trollish behavior.Again the ignorance and the privilege shine through . Ulanoff ca n't imagine a world in which anyone would say something anonymously unless they 're being a `` bastard . '' You 'd think that someone who has spent as much time online as Ulanoff apparently has would at least know enough to do some basic research , or at least talk to some people who actually do rely on anonymity every day .
Filed Under : anonymity , community , free speech , lance ulanoff , names , trolls
Companies : reddit
This Week In Servo 54
In the last week , we landed 96 PRs in the Servo organization 's repositories .
As we announced , Servo is participating in two Summer of Code internship projects . Please reach out to potential interns and let them know !
Notable Additions
UK992 and larsberg got Windows Servo builds working inside of AppVeyor and enabled it
Manish landed some changes that turned on AppVeyor builds in our CI
glenn made a big fix to animation smoothness when using requestAnimationFrame
mbrubeck fixed some issues with border collapse and tables
mrobinson made a huge change to flatten our display list structure !
SimonSapin hid the overflowing text on text input boxes .
pcwalton added overscroll bounce animations on Mac .
kaksmet removed the last use of stb-image in favour of Piston 's image library .
nikkisquared rewrote a bunch of Fetch code to support asynchronous fetches .
ecoal95 improved the performance of mouseover and hover interactions .
New Contributors
Screenshot
Jake Archibald from the Google Developer Relations team put together an awesome video of WebRender in Servo , comparing it with the other modern browser engines on OSX .
Meetings
Last week 's meeting was cancelled due to the Browser.html workweek in Portland . Additional details will be in next week 's meeting notes .
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi 's hometown of Rosario , Argentina , has passed a law preventing parents from naming their children `` Messi , '' in response to a family who used the superstar 's surname as a given name for their son .
DeAndre Jordan is the MVP of Clippers flag football
Héctor Varela told Mundo Deportivo that he was proud to be the first Argentinian to name his son after the world 's top player , but government officials in Rosario were less than pleased and put an end to the idea going forward , saying it will cause confusion to have a last name become a first name .
The townsfolk are still free to name their children Maradona , although it seems unlikely someone would want to set their baby on that path .
[ Screamer ]
- Brendan Maloy
Keeping the memory in shape is important at any age , but it requires a bit more work as we mature . There are scientifically designed brain training programs that will give your mind a great workout , but there are also some simple activities you can integrate into your life that can go a long way to improve your memory .
Here are five from Erin Matlock to get you started .
Increase your focus .
Focus on the information you are trying to remember . Tune out the T.V. , coworkers , spouse and telephone – and line up some brain games for the kids . If you can take a quick minute to shift your attention away from any and all distractions and concentrate solely on your task , you 'll gain an automatic memory boost .
Employ your senses .
Use your senses to help your memory store needed information . Note the colors of a picture you want to recall . Is the sky a light blue or deep purple ? What does the image smell like ? What sounds are being made ? The more involved you can be in the information , the easier it is for your brain to store and retrieve it .
Use association .
Trying to remember names ? Let 's say you meet a man named Frank Parker . Picture a hot dog for Frank and a parked car for Parker . Tie the two together by picturing Frank dressed up in a hot dog costume parking his car in the mall parking lot . Make it even more memorable by seeing him accidentally bump into the car in front of him . Now each time you see Frank , you should easily recall his name .
Breathe deeply and relax .
Yeah , I know – a no brainer , right ? When we try hard to remember something we often tense up . This changes our natural breathing pattern and sends stress signals throughout the body . Relax , breathe deeply and slowly and let your mind ease up for a minute . Being relaxed makes it easier for information to be both stored and recalled .
Give yourself a positive mental command .
When you come upon something you need to remember , say to yourself , “ Hey , pay attention and remember this ! ” You are giving yourself a wake-up call as well as giving your mind a mental marker that it can use to aid in filing the new information .
If you found this post helpful , please click the Like button below and share it with your friends .
It 's the stuff of literary legend— and the view 's not half bad either . That 's right , you can take a trip to the infamous Bran Castle in Transylvania , the fictional hilltop home of the world 's most famous vampire , Count Dracula .
Deep out in the Romanian countryside , this towering 12th century fortress certainly looks the part — the spooky towers were purportedly the setting of Bram Stoker 's 1897 horror novel , Dracula . And that 's not the only real-life inspiration for the famous book – the blood-thirsty ruler Prince Vlad Dracul ( aka the Vlad the Impaler ) apparently lent his name to the titular character . Unfortunately , Vlad 's own residence is now in ruins , and Bran Castle is as close as you 'll come to true vampiric architecture .
Deep out in the Romanian countryside , this towering 12th century fortress certainly looks the part — the spooky towers were purportedly the setting of Bram Stoker 's 1897 horror novel , Dracula . And that 's not the only real-life inspiration for the famous book – the blood-thirsty ruler Prince Vlad Dracul ( aka the Vlad the Impaler ) apparently lent his name to the titular character . Unfortunately , Vlad 's own residence is now in ruins , and Bran Castle is as close as you 'll come to true vampiric architecture .
This story was updated to correct the fact that the castle is not for sale as news reports previously indicated .
[ h/t Travel + Leisure
FORMER Essendon skipper Jobe Watson has returned the 2012 Brownlow Medal to the AFL .
AFL CEO Gill McLachlan revealed the prestigious medal was now in the League 's possession , meaning the final curtain can now be drawn on the Essendon supplements saga .
`` I am not going to go into too much detail . The Brownlow Medal has been handed back in , '' McLachlan said .
He would not discuss when or how the handover took place .
`` All I 'm saying is the medal is with me , '' McLachlan said .
Watson relinquished the 2012 honour after the final appeal to his suspension for an anti-doping violation was dismissed in October .
He had already served the season-long ban handed down by WADA to 34 past and present Essendon players and made the call to relinquish the award before the AFL Commission made the inevitable decision to strip him of the honour .
Watson made his feelings clear in a statement released in November .
`` It is with mixed emotions that I have decided to hand back my 2012 Brownlow Medal , '' Watson said at the time .
The AFL Commission subsequently awarded the 2012 Brownlow to former Hawk Sam Mitchell and Richmond 's Trent Cotchin , presenting the pair with their respective medals at an official but low-key function in December .
Watson subsequently told Essendon he did not want to be considered as the Bombers ' captain this season but he has remained in the club 's leadership group for 2017 .
Meanwhile McLachlan said the AFL would release the findings of its internal review into how the League handled the Essendon supplements saga before the opening round of the season .
The review , flagged in February 2014 , a year after the Bombers first invited ASADA to investigate its 2012 supplements program , is expected to make a set of recommendations including having the AFL CEO step away from the AFL Commission in the consideration of such matters to ensure the CEO can play a more significant operational role .
The format of the release is yet to be finalised .
McLachlan also backed the AFL 's response to the news in January that former Bombers coach James Hird had been admitted to hospital after a major health scare .
He said the AFL had decided not to make public comment at the time but had reached out to people close to the family to express their concern and offer their support .
`` If we can help we 're there , '' McLachlan said .
The “ White Administrators Talk Race ” group began this semester .
New York University has launched a discussion group called “ White Administrators Talk Race ” in the hopes that white administrators will realize how biased they are and stop oppressing people with their privilege .
During meetings , attendees discuss “ the reality of white privilege ; ” “ biases , prejudice , and stereotypes ; ” and ways to “ stand in solidarity against systems of oppression , ” according to the official description on the college website .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Center for Multicultural Education began hosting the group this semester . Some people , like Goddard Residential College director Justin Lerner , think it 's great :
“ In light of the recent Ferguson decision , I think it 's even more imperative for white administrators to understand their own power and privilege and how they can use that privilege to be good allies to people of color and to effect positive change , ” he said , according to an article in Washington Square News , the official student newspaper .
But others pointed out that a group centered around white people talking to other white people might not be the best way for them to understand the struggles of non-white people .
Advertisement
“ By operating under a title that only mentions white administrators , individuals of color may feel discouraged from participating , ” the Square News editorial board writes .
But despite the fact that they literally named the group “ White Administrators Talk Race , ” Center for Multicultural Education director Selima Jumarali insisted that the center was “ very careful . . . about not marketing it as a group that is just for white administrators . ”
Advertisement
CME also hosts a student version of the discussion group , called “ Unpacking White Privilege , ” every other Wednesday .
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter at National Review Online .
MIAMI — Lifelong friends unfriend them on Facebook . Siblings and parents refuse to talk politics . Their kids are home from college stoked about the socialist Bernie Sanders .
Sure , their candidate may love them and be three weeks away from becoming the GOP presidential nominee . But it still is n't easy being a Latino for Donald Trump .
Story Continued Below
From the get-go , with his big campaign announcement splash about Mexican immigrants being rapists and criminals , to his more recent broadside against a federal judge of Mexican heritage , the billionaire Republican 's incendiary rhetoric has made life more than a little complicated for many of his supporters who carry ties to places like Cuba , Mexico , Puerto Rico and across Latin America .
But they insist that his business acumen will turn around the economy and that his unsparing views on illegal immigration will prevent people from jumping ahead of them in line for jobs or social services . Some are Cuban-American conservatives who think he 'll be a tougher defender of the nation 's freedoms than Hillary Clinton .
And many refuse to be silenced . They 're carrying posters and wearing T-shirts proclaiming their ethnic backgrounds at his raucous rallies ; calling in to talk radio programs demanding a wall be built on the U.S.-Mexico border ; making videos that Trump , through Facebook and Twitter mentions , has helped notch millions of views ; wearing his campaign gear while waving the Stars and Stripes on highway overpasses ; and , on a recent weeknight , showing up by the dozens at a trendy restaurant here in South Florida for what was billed as a “ coming out ” party hosted by the local volunteer group Latinas for Trump .
No protesters were in sight , but some of the people mingling at the bar still insisted on some ground rules for their protection .
“ I do n't want to put my face out to the public showing that I am for Trump , ” Rachel Larrea , a 44-year-old real estate agent from Coral Gables , told POLITICO a few moments after she refused another reporter 's request to record a video interview about why , as a lifelong Democrat , she was now ready to pull the lever for a Republican named Trump .
“ For safety reasons , ” she explained . “ There 's a lot of crazy people out there these days . ”
Trump on the campaign stump is billing himself as “ No . 1 with Hispanics. ” But to succeed in November he 's probably going to need to win a larger share of the Latino vote than his immediate past presidential campaign predecessors Mitt Romney and John McCain ; both got creamed on this front by Barack Obama . The billionaire 's backers say it 's possible , and they maintain that the next iteration of the country 's “ silent majority ” voters will be the Latinos and Hispanics who are n't quite ready to publicly declare their allegiance to Trump but still secretly plan to vote for him .
“ It 's a grass-roots movement , and people have n't even seen it yet , ” said Gina Sosa , a 59-year-old retired business executive born in Cuba who is active in local Miami GOP politics . “ Some will be horrified . Some will be delighted . ”
Trump for now looks like he has nowhere to go but up with the country 's 27.3 million Latino eligible voters , nearly half of whom are millennials , according to a Pew Research Center analysis . While an online NBC News/Survey Monkey poll from earlier this month did show Trump with 32 percent of the Hispanic vote , which would put him 5 points ahead of Romney 's pace , most other recent surveys have Clinton holding quite comfortable leads : a Fox News Latino poll from mid-May put the Democrat up 39 points among Hispanics , and an online survey from FIU-Adsmovil released this week had Clinton ahead by 58 points . Trump 's unfavorable rating among Hispanics is at 87 percent in this week 's Washington Post/ABC News poll . Democrats see those numbers and dismiss even the faintest suggestion that Trump can have success with a demographic long considered essential to Clinton 's base coalition .
“ To a large degree he 's waged a war on the Hispanic-American community , ” said Lorella Praeli , Clinton 's director of Latino outreach . “ You ca n't show up at the eleventh hour and say ‘ Latinos like me ' or ‘ Hispanics love me ' and expect them to turn out and be for you . ”
Carlos Gimenez , the Republican mayor of Miami-Dade County , said in an interview here that Trump 's comments questioning a federal judge 's impartiality because of his Mexican descent “ may have been the final straw ” with many Latino voters . While Trump can expect to perform well with longtime Republican loyalists from South Florida 's Cuban-American community , Gimenez warned that the younger generation of Cuban-Americans is poised to back Clinton because its members do n't carry the same personal grievances as their parents and grandparents have against Fidel Castro .
Latino supporters of Donald Trump gather at an event in Coral Gables , Florida .
“ It 's not a homogeneous group , ” said the 62-year-old Havana-born mayor , who has said he will not endorse a presidential candidate ahead of November .
The existence of the Latinos for Trump movement ca n't be denied either . At Trump Tower in New York , the presumptive GOP nominee is building up his skeletal primary campaign staff . Last week , he announced the hiring of a deputy communications staffer who will work directly with Hispanic media . Trump aides in battleground states with large Latino populations are also starting to dissect the Republican National Committee 's rich database of personal information about America 's voters .
Online , Trump 's most fervent Latino supporters are finding viral success as they pump out a series of montage videos . And some of Trump 's volunteer Hispanic leaders around the country report being overwhelmed with a glut of media requests on his behalf . In Miami , the organizers of the Latinas for Trump effort say they 've been getting calls from like-minded allies in Arizona , Wisconsin , Texas and Washington state who are requesting help translating pro-Trump literature into Spanish and for the bright red T-shirts declaring the name of their group , which they 've been giving away at their two open functions .
“ I just hope they wear them publicly . That 's all I care about , ” says Denise Galvez , the 41-year-old Cuban-American owner of a public relations firm in Miami who is leading the Latinas for Trump group . “ I think people are embarrassed to wear them . ”
Trump campaign staff say they 're giving the volunteer activists room to informally spread their message . That 's one of the reasons they gave to local GOP activists for skipping the most recent event . The volunteers also were told the Trump campaign staff in South Florida had their own general election strategy meeting convened in the wake of the firing last week of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski .
Ed MacDougall , chairman of the Trump campaign in Miami-Dade County and a former mayor of Cutler Bay , said in an interview that he keeps in daily touch with local Latino activists who are helping spread the Republican 's message . “ We 're tickled to death that they like Donald Trump and they have put this together , ” he said .
Trump 's lead strategist for Florida and the Southeastern battleground states of North Carolina and Virginia is in the midst of a “ listening campaign ” to connect with the Latino supporters and the different volunteer groups springing up in the region . Yet even with less than five months until Election Day , the campaign staffer , Karen Giorno , was nonetheless ready to make a bold prediction about how Trump would perform in Florida considering his Latino support in the Sunshine State , especially from female business owners . “ I 'm very confident that we have the votes to carry Florida , ” Giorno said in an interview . “ I think it 's going to be a blowout , to be honest with you . ”
But there 's still plenty of work to do . Several of Trump 's Latino volunteers who have gone public with their support reported being overwhelmed by interview requests to appear on television and radio as surrogates . Jose Perez , an Atlanta-based data analytics expert and member of the volunteer group Trump Diversity Council , said he 's not sure the official campaign has dedicated enough resources to the Latino and Hispanic vote . He said he would use an upcoming July 1 strategy session with RNC officials in Washington to get the national party to explain its plans for how it would be microtargeting what are several very distinct segments of the different ethnic communities .
The Trump campaign is also missing out on some of the fundamentals for connecting with Latino voters . While Clinton 's website has an easy method for translating into Spanish , DonaldJTrump.com remains English only .
Trump 's Latino messaging is getting some help from some of his fans , including a group of about 200 fervent supporters from California to South Carolina who stay in touch via Twitter and have spent the past nine months making dozens of short videos about him . Their biggest hit : a 6-minute-plus montage about their support for Trump that the candidate himself posted to his Facebook page , helping it amass more than 1 million views .
“ The values and contributions of America 's Latino community play a significant role in the history and future of our great country , ” Trump said in the post , which included the # LatinosforTrump hashtag that the group frequently uses . “ I am proud to have their growing support . ”
Angelo Gomez , an 18-year-old Trump intern from the Las Vegas area , is the first speaker in the video that Trump promoted on his page . It 's not a very high-tech effort ; he 's standing in front of an American flag pinned to a wall in a storage room at his house . To keep his iPhone camera steady , he propped it up against a case holding a Nike sneaker autographed by Michael Jordan .
A South Carolina man who would only give his first name and last initial , Mark F. , has produced many of the group 's pro-Trump videos . In an email , he said he started making the films in September with some free software and only recently bought a new computer to help with the production . At first , he said he was just posting on Twitter the size of the crowds at Trump rallies . Many of those messages got a thousand or more retweets .
Now he 's pumping out short films compiled from footage sent in by his network on Twitter . Essentially , they 're just asked to speak into their camera about why they back Trump . “ Many hits and misses , ” he said of the films . “ I am learning as I go . ”
Several of the contributors to the Trump Latino volunteer video page said their short items helped give them an outlet to remain vocal in an election season in which nasty back-and-forth exchanges have become the norm . They say their pro-Trump talk can be a quick way to derail conversations with family and longtime friends .
“ We 're shunned . We 're shushed . It 's gotten to the point where we just do n't use Facebook , ” said Leticia Sullivan , a 42-year-old budget analyst who works for the city of San Diego and appears in several of the videos produced by Mark F. under her Twitter handle @ luv4beagles .
“ It 's kind of like being gay , ” she said . “ You 're closeted . ”
Back in Miami , over cocktails and croquetas , many of the attendees to the Latinas for Trump event acknowledged they had only recently gotten on board the Trump train .
“ Once Rubio was gone , I was going to support whoever got the nomination , ” said Vivian Castro , a 64-year-old Realtor from Coral Gables and a lifelong Republican . “ It could have been Ted Cruz . It could have been Kasich . It happens that it 's Trump , so I 'm backing him . ”
Many of the attendees expressed a strong level of frustration that their friends and family members had stopped talking politics with them since they declared their support for Trump . Liliane Agra , a 43-year-old building manager from Miami , showed off some screen shots of a Facebook exchange she had with a friend she had grown up with in New York who wrote her “ good bye ” after she 'd posted that she was one of the billionaire 's voters .
“ I really do n't believe that he 's a racist . I 'm just tired of this s -- - that everyone makes it into race , ” she said .
What 's more challenging , Agra marveled , is coping with where her three children had fallen on the political spectrum as they returned home for the summer . “ My kids are Bernie supporters , ” she lamented . “ And I put all those f -- -- -- through college . ”
Obama butters up labor — because they 're about to lose on trade Unions are n't happy the president is going to cut a deal with Republicans on fast-track authority .
If you think President Barack Obama has been going out of his way recently to say nice things about unions , you 're not wrong .
The timing is n't a coincidence : He 's about to have a fight with them over trade , which the labor groups are going to lose .
Story Continued Below
Obama wants to smooth over the bad feelings as much as possible . So the White House is looking for every opportunity it can find for Obama to emphasize the issues where they 're on the same page – including Obama 's statement smacking Scott Walker around last week , his frequent reminders of the importance of unions , and his speeches that call for stronger labor laws .
The goal : Remind labor groups about all the issues they have in common , even though Obama is going to try to cut a deal with Republicans on fast-track trade authority and the Trans-Pacific Partnership , which unions vehemently oppose .
“ When you know you 're about to have friction on one issue , it 's only right to remind them about all the other issues you agree on . It 's the smart thing to do , ” said one White House official .
So far , there 's no indication Obama 's overtures are doing any good . Labor groups believe trade agreements cost U.S. workers jobs , and are so furious over Obama 's willingness to deal with Republicans on trade that it will probably take more than a few presidential shout-outs to ease the tensions .
Besides , some labor officials say , it does n't matter if Obama gives lip service to their issues if he ca n't get Congress to pass them .
“ It 's the difference between what we say and what we actually do , ” said Larry Cohen , president of the Communications Workers of America . “ Our problem with the president is , we agree with his agenda , but [ trade ] is not his agenda . This is the part that will get enacted . ”
As another labor official put it : “ He 's our best friend when it does n't matter . ”
The problem , labor experts say , is that unions have a long list of frustrations with Obama that go beyond the trade issue . They 're furious at parts of Obamacare that they believe will hurt their workers , including a tax on generous health insurance plans that begins in 2018 . They also believe Obama has n't put a high enough priority on their issues generally , and has n't actually accomplished anything that helps them with organizing or collective bargaining .
It also wo n't help Obama 's relationship with labor groups that a trade agreement could be his biggest accomplishment with a Republican Congress . They do n't think any of the labor protections would be enforceable , and they do n't see any way to prevent a loss of jobs like the aftermath of the North American Free Trade Agreement .
“ I 'm really pleased to see that the narrative has become more pro-worker , more pro-middle class , more pro-wage growth , and somewhat more pro-union , ” said Harold Schaitberger , general president of the International Association of firefighters . But fast-track trade authority , he said , “ would be a disaster , and it 's not going to help us with what we 're trying to get turned around , which is 20 years of stagnant wages . ”
Other labor officials noted that the AFL-CIO 's recent announcement that it will withhold contributions to congressional Democrats ahead of the votes on fast-track captures the depth of labor 's frustration with Obama 's trade proposals .
“ My sense is , they certainly welcome the president 's criticism ” of legislation in Wisconsin and other states that would weaken unions , said a former senior Obama administration official who talks frequently to labor groups . “ But at the end of the day , that rhetoric does n't organize any workers , it does n't help unions to win at the collective bargaining table , and it does n't bring a stronger foundation to the collective bargaining process more generally . ”
Obama certainly has been trying to mend fences – rhetorically , at least . He took a shot at Walker last week on the day that the Wisconsin governor signed right-to-work legislation into law , saying in a statement that “ the rise of the middle class in America coincided in large part with the rise of unions ” and blasting Walker for claiming “ victory over working Americans ” by signing an “ anti-worker law . ”
That statement drew a round of questions about whether Obama was trying to get involved in the 2016 presidential race , but the White House official said that was the wrong way to read it . The point was to speak out against Walker because he signed a right-to-work law – which frees workers from having to pay dues to unions that bargain on their behalf – and emphasize Obama 's common ground with labor , not to dump on Walker for the sake of commenting on the 2016 race , the official said .
The president has thrown other lines into his speeches about the importance of organized labor , drawing a round of applause at the Democratic National Committee 's winter meeting last month when he declared that “ we 've got to stand up for unions . ”
Obama has also included vague references to strengthening labor laws in his speeches , an issue that may not mean a lot to outsiders but has strong significance to labor groups .
In his January State of the Union address , Obama declared that “ we still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions , and give American workers a voice. ” He elaborated later that month in an interview with Vox , explaining that “ around the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s … workers increasingly had less leverage because of changes in labor laws. ” What 's needed , the president said , is “ ways that we can increase the bargaining power ” of workers . “ And that 's where issues like labor laws make a difference . ”
The president was almost certainly referring to revising the 1935 National Labor Relations Act . The White House is reportedly waiting for the AFL-CIO to propose revisions to the NLRA ; the results may be unveiled as early as next month .
There was even a moment last week when Vice President Joe Biden , pushing the boundaries on the administration 's pro-labor rhetoric , accused labor 's opponents of looking for “ blackshirts ” to break up unions .
The catch , some labor officials say , is that the proposals to strengthen unions and other initiatives that labor groups like – such as Obama 's call for legislation to make community college free for two years – are n't going to go anywhere in a Republican Congress , while Wisconsin and other states are enacting right-to-work laws now .
“ I would do anything to get free community college for two years . The problem is , there 's no path for getting it done , ” Cohen said .
Any proposal to rewrite the labor laws is likely to be entirely symbolic . The NLRA has n't been amended meaningfully since 1947 , when a Republican Congress passed , over President Harry Truman 's veto , the Taft-Hartley Act , which rolled back many labor protections . Since then , Democrats have attempted periodically to tilt the NLRA 's balance of power back toward labor , but they 've never succeeded . The last such attempt was the Employee Free Choice Act ( “ card check ” ) , which cleared the House in 2007 but was killed off in the Senate by a Republican filibuster .
Several labor officials who have spoken out against Obama 's trade proposals declined to comment for this story , including AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka . But at a recent lunch with reporters , Trumka underscored how serious the trade disagreement is , even though Obama may be on their side on most other issues .
“ Somewhere between the president 's heart and the negotiating table on trade , that 's getting lost—or they 're misconstruing what they 're doing , ” Trumka said . “ It will adversely affect the way working people view this administration and the Democratic Party for a long time . ”
Schaitberger noted that Obama had a chance to make a stronger push for the Employee Free Choice Act in 2009 , when he first took office and both the Senate and the House were controlled by Democrats . But “ nobody really put any shoulder behind it , ” he said .
Now , Schaitberger said , “ he 's talking about rewriting labor law at a time when we have the largest GOP majority since 1928 … The reality of moving any kind of legislative proposal in this environment is something short of nil . ”
That 's why Cohen and some labor allies , including Democratic Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio , are urging Obama to focus on labor priorities that could create jobs and might actually pass in a Republican Congress — like a surface transportation bill — before making any moves on trade .
“ You want to do something that will pass ? Pass that , ” Cohen said .
Timothy Noah and Edward-Isaac Dovere contributed to this story .
The U.S. will give an additional $ 75 million in nonlethal aid to Ukraine , including drones , radios , counter-mortar radar , and medical equipment , a US official said on Wednesday . The supplies will be funded by the European Reassurance Initiative , the official added . The new aid package also includes about 30 armored Humvees .
Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko was informed by Vice president Biden about the new aid package in a phone call , the White House announced .
An administration official said that “ The White House continue ( s ) to believe that there is no military resolution to this crisis but that Ukraine has the right to defend and protect itself . ”
the administration official added that “ new nonlethal aid to Ukraine is part of our efforts to help Ukraine 's defense for internal security and resist further violence ”
According to White House official 's statement “ Biden and Poroshenko spoke about the additional non-lethal U.S. security assistance to Ukraine , the situation in the east. ” Biden also added in a statement that he remains concerned about ongoing violations of a cease fire by the separatists near Mariupol and Donetsk areas that have at times seen fierce fighting .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC 's Aleem Maqbool says the attack was `` very coordinated , sophisticated ''
Pakistani troops have ended a siege by militants who attacked a naval air force base in Karachi , killing at least 16 people - including 10 soldiers .
The attackers managed to hold hostage several foreigners at the base , but officials say they were later rescued .
The Pakistan Taliban says Sunday 's raid was to avenge Osama Bin Laden 's killing by US special forces in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad on 2 May .
Many attacks have been carried out since then .
`` It was the revenge of martyrdom of Osama Bin Laden . It was the proof that we are still united and powerful , '' Ehsanullah Ehsan told Reuters news agency .
At the scene Clouds of black smoke billowed over the Mehran airbase when I arrived about half an hour after the attack began . Ambulances , with sirens wailing , stood outside the gate of the compound , which was sealed soon after the attack began . They were joined by dozens of TV satellite trucks and journalists . Initially , there was intermittent gunfire . However , 15 minutes after I arrived there was an exchange of fire that lasted for several minutes . We had to lie on the ground as bullets and shrapnel whizzed over our heads . After successfully freeing hostages captured by the gunmen , security forces swept through the complex to mop up any remaining resistance . They were backed by gunship helicopters - which kept a constant vigil over the air base . It took more than 15 hours for dozens of security forces to take control of the base .
Interior Minister Rehman Malik said 10 soldiers had died and 15 were wounded in the attack .
Two attackers were also killed and a third blew himself up . Another is believed to be buried under debris and two more are thought to have escaped .
An unexploded suicide jacket and live grenades were found , the minister added .
There were 17 foreigners at the site , including 11 Chinese aviation trainers , but all are safe , Mr Malik said . He added that all of them were later rescued uninjured .
The attack is similar to a raid in October 2009 in which Taliban militants laid siege to the army headquarters in the garrison town of Rawalpindi , killing dozens .
The BBC 's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says the Karachi incident will revive fears about the security of Pakistan 's nuclear installations .
It is also another major blow to falling morale of the military after the raid on Bin Laden , correspondents say .
Aircraft burned
On Sunday evening at 2230 ( 1730 GMT ) , militants stormed three hangars housing aircraft at the Mehran naval aviation base , according to officials .
Mr Malik said they cut through barbed wire at a place on the perimeter where they could not be detected by security cameras , and they were wearing black .
However , eyewitnesses say the attackers were dressed as naval officials and were aware of the security protocol at the base and carried themselves like soldiers .
Their first targets were aircraft parked on the tarmac and equipment in nearby hangers , says the BBC 's Syed Shoaib Hasan at the scene .
The militants used rocket-propelled grenades to damage and destroy several warplanes , witnesses said . These included the Pakistan navy 's premier anti-submarine and marine surveillance aircraft - the US-made P-3C Orion .
At least two of these multi-million dollar planes were set ablaze .
The gunmen then opened indiscriminate fire , killing several naval personnel as they carried their raid into the heart of the base .
Subsequently , navy commandos and marines launched a counter-assault . Dozens of heavily armed army reinforcements also arrived to provide cover , backed by gunship helicopters .
Some of the militants were killed , officials say .
It took the security forces more than 15 hours to secure the base .
Officials say that troops were now combing the base for any remaining militants but they have to be careful because of military aircraft on the site .
`` Because of the presence of several assets on the base , the operation is being carried out in a cautious , smart way , '' Irfan ul Haq told the Associated Press news agency .
`` That 's why it 's taking so long . ''
On Friday , the Taliban bombed a US consulate convoy in Peshawar , killing one Pakistani .
Other attacks by Pakistani militants this month include a raid on a security post that killed two police in the north-west and a twin suicide bombing at a paramilitary police training centre .
For months , there has been dialogue between the club and Ortiz on finding a role that will be a good fit for the former left-handed-hitting slugger .
BOSTON -- Now that David Ortiz 's No . 34 is officially retired , the attention can shift to when he will come back to work for the Red Sox .
BOSTON -- Now that David Ortiz 's No . 34 is officially retired , the attention can shift to when he will come back to work for the Red Sox .
For months , there has been dialogue between the club and Ortiz on finding a role that will be a good fit for the former left-handed-hitting slugger .
View Full Game Coverage
`` Me and the organization , we 've been talking for a while about me working with the organization , '' Ortiz said . `` Probably [ team president ] Sam Kennedy can give you guys more info about it . But it 's going to happen , and at some point I 'm going to be able to help out somewhere , somehow , some way . ''
Video : LAA @ BOS : David Ortiz 's number is unveiled
Upon taking Ortiz up on his advice and asking Kennedy , he responded , `` Getting closer ! '' via text message .
• Social media overflowing with Ortiz tributes
Kennedy has mentioned the possibility of a hybrid role in which Ortiz can serve as a mentor/instructor to players at different levels of the organization while also doing media and public appearances .
The question is n't if Ortiz will return to the Red Sox , but when .
Knowing that he casts a large shadow , Ortiz chose not to go to Spring Training , and he had n't been to Fenway Park for a game this season until Friday 's festivities .
Video : LAA @ BOS : Ortiz gives speech during ceremony at Fenway
`` Well , I could never entirely walk away , '' Ortiz said . `` I have been around . I have been watching the games , and I have been in touch with my teammates . I have been in touch with the organization . You know , I just do n't like to , you know , be in the way of anything .
`` I know that me retiring , it was going to have a big impact on what we do around here . So I told myself , 'Give everybody their space , ' and now that I 'm not playing , I do n't want to be a distraction . And I know that coming to the field sometimes , it can cause a distraction or something . I have been able to keep my distance so I 'm not in anybody 's way . But I stay in touch with everybody , and I have been pretty busy also , doing a lot of things . ''
The Red Sox appreciate the way Ortiz has handled the situation . But at the same time , they miss his presence .
`` I think David 's keen awareness of himself and how a team works , I think that is at the root of his decision to keep the space that he has so far , '' Red Sox manager John Farrell said .
Ian Browne has covered the Red Sox for MLB.com since 2002 . Follow him on Twitter @ IanMBrowne and Facebook .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Cubestormer 3 is a robot with just one job—to solve a scrambled Rubik 's Cube as swiftly as possible . Today , at the Big Bang Fair in Birmingham , UK , it did the task in an astounding 3.253 seconds , faster than any human or robot in the world . Just look at that thing go .
The third-generation robot was built by co-inventors David Gilday and Mike Dobson for pure , blistering speed . The Samsung Galaxy S4 brain is tricked out with an Exynos octa-core processor , with four Cortex-A15 and four Cortex-A7 processors controlling eight Lego Mindstorms actuators . It 's basically the SR-71 Blackbird of Rubik 's Cube bots . Gilday said , `` we knew Cubestormer 3 had the potential to beat the existing record but with the robot performing physical operations quicker than the human eye can see there 's always an element of risk . '' Yeah . That is fast . Watch the video of the record-breaking run right here .
Advertisement
The smartphone brain analyzes the cube 's starting arrangement , then instructs four robot arms to carry out each step needed to get the cube to its solved state . Since the robot uses a speed cube , which allows twisting moves even when the sides are n't perfectly aligned , the robot hands must be amazingly precise to move so smoothly and quickly .
As for the previous robot record , it was held by Cubestormer 2 , which clocked in at 5.27 seconds . The world record human solver could only muster a 5.55 second run back in 2013 . Clearly , the robot takeover is gaining speed .
The romanticized version of what it 's like to be a philosopher must be one of the most appealing careers possible : read great thinkers , think deep thoughts , and while away the days in a beautiful office , surrounded by books , an Emeralite lamp , a hot mug of coffee , and perhaps a cat curled up by your feet . For the very few , your profound thoughts could revolutionize whole fields , herald new political ages , and inspire generations .
Of course , for many , academic philosophy proves a disappointment—an endless slog to publish , the tedium and heartache of departmental politics , and a dismal job market that tends to people to far-flung college towns , far away from family and friends .
So what is a budding philosopher to do ?
An informative series of posts by Helen De Cruz of New APPS : Art , Politics , Philosophy , Science features interviews with seven philosophy Ph.D.s who have left academia for the private sector . There 's a software engineer , a television comedy writer , a statistical researcher , a consultant , a network-security engineer , and a search-engine developer . None of them are what would traditionally be thought of as a `` philosopher . ''
In a few cases , they 've found that their new jobs provide surprising platforms for further philosophical examination , such as the television screenwriter Eric Kaplan , who said , “ I 'm very interested in [ the ] tension between life and theory and mind and emotions ; I explore that both in philosophy writing and in script writing. ” Similarly , Claartje van Sijl , who now runs her own consulting and training company , says that the philosophy she studied informs the advice she gives . Her philosophy training , she explains , `` has familiarized me with the greatest philosophical thoughts of 2500 years of history that I can now use as a sounding board for my clients ' and my own reflections . ''
Lawyer Eric Conn invokes his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination during a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing in 2013 . ( Evan Vucci/Associated Press )
He called himself “ Mr . Social Security ” — a disability lawyer whose parking-lot replica of the Statue of Liberty and sophomoric ads helped make his rural practice one of the best known in Kentucky .
The government , on the other hand , simply calls him by his name : Eric Conn . It appears again and again in court documents surrounding Conn 's guilty plea earlier this year to bribing a judge and helping to defraud the government out of $ 600 million in disability claims .
Conn 's name also appears on an arrest warrant issued recently , after he disappeared before he could be sentenced and forced to repay tens of millions of dollars .
“ It was totally predictable , ” Ned Pillersdorf , a lawyer who helped Conn 's former clients win a class-action lawsuit for which he will also owe damages , told the Associated Press . “ There has been a betting pool going on in Prestonsburg on not if he would flee , but when . ”
Indeed , an FBI agent and other witnesses had urged a judge not to grant Conn bond after his arrest last year , according to the Courier-Journal . The lawyer had spoken of plans to flee the country , they warned , and may have stashed away cash .
In the preceding decades , he 'd made plenty of it .
In business since the 1990s , Conn “ worked out of an office complex made of five connected mobile homes in Floyd County , ” the Lexington Herald Leader reported .
Those modest facilities hardly suggested the 56-year-old lawyer 's reputation , which had spread across much of eastern Kentucky even before his legal troubles began .
He was , the website Kentucky for Kentucky once wrote , “ the most ridiculous lawyer in a land of ridiculous lawyers . ”
For example : the scale model Statue of Liberty outside his mobile-home office compound — along with a 19-foot version of the Lincoln Memorial , which was once sung about in a promotional rap song .
[ A treasure hunter found 3 tons of sunken gold — and ca n't leave jail until he says where it is ]
Conn once hired a Miss Kentucky USA to be his public relations director for $ 70,000 a year , the Herald Leader reported . He had a crew of “ Conn Hotties ” — women in tight T-shirts printed with the firm 's 1-800 number , whom he sent to public events , according to the Associated Press .
Conn claimed to have created “ the first lawyer 3-D commercial , ” and once recorded a country music video in which he bumped buttocks with a woman while a man played a banjo behind them .
The lawyer explained to the Courier Journal that he hoped the video would persuade President Barack Obama to appoint him to the Social Security Advisory Board , despite his flamboyant public image .
“ I 'm a traditional , boring lawyer , ” he said , “ who conforms , of course , to all the rules and regulations of the bar . ”
This was not true .
Between 2005 and 2015 , the Herald Leader reported , the Social Security Administration had paid Conn 's firm $ 23 million .
In 2011 , the Wall Street Journal reported that a local judge appeared to be rubber stamping hundreds of disability claims for Conn 's clients .
A years-long federal investigation ensued — until Conn , the judge and a psychologist were brought up on federal charges last year .
Federal investigators accused Conn of bribing the judge and the doctor to approve his clients ' claims based on fake evidence , according to the Associated Press . They allegedly bilked the government out of nearly $ 600 million .
The charges brought his law empire crashing down , and at least two of Conn 's clients committed suicide after the government threatened to cut off benefits to all of them , according to the Herald Leader .
After his arrest , government witnesses warned that Conn was a flight risk .
According to the Courier-Journal , they testified that he had spoken of leaving for Ecuador or Cuba , and may have had at least a quarter-million dollars in cash in a safe-deposit box .
But the judge called the testimony hearsay , had Conn 's passport confiscated and ordered his release — secured by his $ 1.5 million mansion in Pikeville , an electronic monitor , and a defense lawyer 's assurances that his teenage daughter and elderly mother would dissuade him from fleeing .
“ Your trust is not misplaced , ” Conn told the judge , according to the Herald Leader .
And for a while , it seemed not to be .
In March , the Associated Press reported , Conn pleaded guilty to stealing from the government and bribing a judge . He agreed to pay more than $ 50 million in reimbursements , damages and penalties to the government and Social Security employees who helped expose him .
Next month , he was supposed to return to court for sentencing — facing the prospect of repaying millions while serving up to 12 years in prison .
But on Saturday , the FBI told the Associated Press that Conn had removed his monitoring device and disappeared .
This was stunning , ” Conn 's lawyer , Scott White , wrote to The Washington Post . He said he last saw his client on Friday , and had seemed intent on testifying at a hearing next week .
“ He gave every indication he both appreciated that there was a light at the end of the tunnel and he was able to make some amend for his admitted criminal conduct , ” White said . “ Now , he is just seen as the guy who took the coward 's way out . ”
With his law practice shuttered and his whereabouts unknown , Conn 's commercials are about all that 's left of his public image .
In one ad , posted to YouTube shortly after his legal crisis began , the embattled lawyer parks his Rolls-Royce in front of his Abraham Lincoln statue and walks past a woman in an open-chested coat .
She calls out to him : “ Eric , we need you back . ”
Conn turns and assures her in a gravelly voice : “ I never left . ”
More reading :
Kerry : Trump 's bid for a better climate deal is like O.J . Simpson 's search for the ‘ real killer '
The world 's most dangerous mushroom and what it did to an 18-month-old girl
George Takei shuts down racist criticism of new ‘ Star Trek ' series
About InterRail
Interrail is a pass allowing people to travel across Europe 's rail network freely . Users can use it to travel wherever they like on the continent .
Some 300,000 people use InterRail passes to travel across Europe every year . An InterRail pass cost ranges between €20 and €480 for a month-long pass .
What is being proposed
The idea behind the proposal discussed in Parliament is to promote a travel mode with low greenhouse gas emissions , while enabling young European to meet and get to know Europe .
Some member states are not members of the InterRail network : Malta , Cyprus , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania . For them other means of transport such as buses and ferries could be considered .
Commission support
During the debate on 4 October , Transport Commissioner Violeta Bulc called the proposal an “ excellent idea ” . However , she said there would many challenges so further analysis will be required . “ The Commission will carefully assess the potential costs and funding sources for this initiative as well as its administrative feasibility , '' she said .
Bulc also suggested an alternative version of the scheme : “ We may also consider possible variations to this excellent idea . An attractive option might be to have a lottery open to all or specific categories of young Europeans with a significant number winning free tickets ”
Reactions from political groups
Most political groups spoke out in favour of the proposal .
Manfred Weber , from EPP , said : “ People all around Europe must get to discover neighbouring countries and live with the people there as friends . We want to invest in all young people to experience the continent . ''
Luigi Morgano , from S & D , said : “ Investing in young people , enabling people to travel around Europe , promoting better understanding and knowledge about Europe is a wonderful enchanting idea . ”
Kosma Złotowski , from ECR , said : “ Travel helps you educate yourself and therefore I would like to fully support this initiative . ”
Alexander Graf Lambsdorff , from ALDE , said : “ There is a Europe with a soul and a heart and what better way of promoting it than giving young people the chance to explore it . ”
Rebecca Harms , from Green/EFA , said : “ We fully support this fantastic idea . For a relatively low cost we can help Europeans understand each other and get to know Europe . ”
Daniela Aiuto , from EFDD , said : “ It 's a good initiative that may indeed boost the European spirit . ”
However , not all MEPs agreed . Kateřina Konečná , from GUE/NGL , said : `` Young people certainly have the right to a future of prosperity and social peace , but you are instead sending them on a trip with the hope that they will live on this happy experience for the rest of their lives . ''
MEXICO CITY -- Men wearing what appeared to be police uniforms opened fire in a food court at Mexico City 's international airport on Monday , killing three federal policemen on an anti-drug mission as panicked witnesses dove for cover .
The slain agents had gone to the airport `` to detain suspects linked to drug trafficking at Terminal 2 , '' the federal Public Safety Department said in a statement , without specifying if the suspects also were lawmen . `` Upon seeing themselves surrounded by federal police , they ( the suspects ) opened fire on the officers . ''
Two officers died at the scene and another died later of his wounds at a local hospital .
A witness said the shooters were also wearing police uniforms , and the Public Safety Department said it was investigating whether the shooters were active-duty police , former officers or impostors . Criminals in Mexico sometimes wear fake police uniforms , but officials also have repeatedly struggled to crush corruption among law enforcement agencies at the airport , which traffickers have often used as a shipment point for narcotics .
No suspects had been arrested following the shooting , which took place shortly before 9 a.m. ( 10 a.m. EDT ; 1400 GMT ) .
The shootings occurred around the food court at Terminal 2 , near the area where vehicles drop off passengers but well outside the internal security checkpoints where workers and passengers are screened .
Three shots rang out at first , said witness Israel Lopez , a 23-year-old Mexico City student who had gone to the airport to see off a friend . Lopez did n't see who those shots were directed at , but then the gunfire came closer .
`` We were in the food court , and some policemen came in and started shooting at another policeman who was on the floor , '' Lopez said .
`` We dove to the floor and covered ourselves with chairs , '' Lopez said .
Lopez said the shooters wore blue uniforms like those worn by the federal police who provide security at the airport . He said the shooters then ran to the car park area `` as if they were pursuing somebody , '' and he lost sight of them .
The airport said in a press statement that the terminal and flights were operating normally following what it described as `` a dispute in an open-access area . ''
Officials have said that Mexico City 's airport is used by traffickers to move drugs , money and illegal migrants . Federal police said they seized 198 pounds ( 90 kilograms ) of cocaine at the airport in 2011 and 440 pounds ( 200 kilograms ) .
Guadalupe Perez , 27 , went to the airport to interview for a job when she saw the body of one of the officers on the floor . `` It scared me a lot to see something like that , a body , '' she said .
Robert Gray , an evangelical missionary from Hart , Michigan , arrived at the airport after the shooting with his family to catch a flight .
`` It 's surprising to see it happening at the airport . It 's one of the safest places in the city , '' Gray said .
Shootings at Mexican airports are rare . In 1993 Roman Catholic Cardinal Juan Posadas Ocampo was killed in an airport parking lot in central Mexico . Authorities later said his killers had apparently mistaken his car for that of a rival drug lord .
Longquan Temple in Beijing recently gained a significant following after a chubby robot named Xian'er , which was developed by the temple , went viral . Beyond Xian'er , the temple itself is a top-level research institute with cutting-edge technology and talents from renowned universities .
Standing about 60 centimeters high and clad in a yellow robe , the robot was developed by the temple in cooperation with artificial intelligence experts , and is able to sense its surroundings and engage in basic discussions about Buddhism . The monastery also has its own IT and animation teams , both composed of monks who graduated from top universities like Tsinghua University and Beihang University .
For instance , Master Xianxin , who majored in computer science and graduated from the Beijing University of Technology , is the head of the IT team . He manages digital technology for the temple , as well as the information platform that he built with the help of volunteers .
Liu Zhiyu , a math whiz and recent graduate from Beijing University , gave up a full scholarship offered by the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in the U.S. in order to become a monk at Longquan Temple .
One rumor even says that it was a monk from the temple who advised Zhang Xiaolong , creator of China 's WeChat messaging service , when Zhang met some roadblocks during the research and development phase .
In addition to the monks , there are also more than 300 volunteers living in the monastery , some of who also graduated from top universities and won prestigious math honors .
To become a monk in the temple , one has to start as a volunteer , serving in position suited to one 's specific skills . However , only the morally qualified volunteers are ultimately selected as monks .
Besides IT and animation , the temple also has a highly qualified translation team for eight foreign languages . The temple 's blog is updated in all eight languages , including English , Japanese and Russian .
Getty Images
Lions tight end Eric Ebron had an ice pack on his ankle after last Sunday 's loss to the Bears and also hurt his knee during the game , continuing a year that 's been plagued by injuries since Ebron hurt his ankle early in training camp .
The team may have some concern about his availability in the near future because they 've reportedly added another body at the position . Adam Caplan of ESPN reports that the team is signing Clay Harbor to the roster .
Harbor was a member of the Patriots until he was released on Monday . He saw action in the last three New England games , but the team needs roster space with Tom Brady and Rob Ninkovich returning from suspensions .
Harbor did n't catch a pass for the Patriots , but has 111 career catches over six years with the Eagles and Jaguars before he made the move to the Patriots . Cole Wick , Orson Charles and Khari Lee have also seen time at tight end for the Lions this year with Wick joining Ebron as the only ones to catch passes from Matthew Stafford .
Let 's be clear : The high-stakes standoff in Wisconsin has nothing to do with balancing the state 's budget .
It is about money , though - but only in the sense that money translates into political power . At this point , it 's clear for all to see that Gov . Scott Walker 's true aim is to bust the public employee unions , thus permanently reshaping the political landscape in the Republican Party 's favor .
Democratic state senators who fled the state to forestall Walker 's coup have no choice but to remain on the lam . Protesters who support union rights have no choice but to keep their vigil at the capitol in Madison . This is a big deal .
At issue is the attempt by Walker and the Republican majority in the Legislature to strip public workers of their rights to collective bargaining . Under the legislation - which fugitive Democrats have managed to stymie by denying the state Senate a quorum - public employee unions would have no ability to bargain over benefits and pensions . The unions would be able to bargain over salaries but could not secure raises greater than the increase in the cost of living .
Walker is right about one thing : When it comes to pensions and benefits , public workers in Wisconsin have a sweet deal . Most of them put less than 1 percent of their pay into their pensions ; Walker 's bill would require contributions of at least 5.8 percent . And most pay only about 6 percent of the cost of their health insurance premiums , a figure that Walker wants to raise to at least 12.6 percent .
It 's easy to see why the average private-sector worker in Wisconsin - probably paying upward of 25 percent toward health insurance costs and struggling to tuck away something , anything , for retirement - might agree with Walker .
It should be noted , however , that those generous deals were not ordained by Divine Providence . They were negotiated , which means that state and local officials agreed to the contract provisions now deemed so excessive . It has long been common for unions to accept better health and pension benefits in lieu of higher salaries - in effect , taking the money later rather than sooner . Now that these IOUs are coming due , Wisconsin wants to renege .
I thought Republicans were supposed to believe that a contract is a contract , sacred and inviolate . Guess not .
But never mind all that . The reality is that workers in many industries are having to choose between givebacks and massive layoffs . Public employees should not be uniquely sheltered from the ill winds buffeting the U.S. economy .
The Wisconsin unions have recognized this fact . Union leaders have announced that they are prepared to accept Walker 's proposal on health and pension contributions . In other words , money is no longer an issue .
Walker won , right ? He got what he wanted , did n't he ?
Actually , no . Bringing health and pension benefits in line with reality was never the point .
Walker and the Republicans are insisting on the provisions in the bill that would deny collective bargaining rights to public workers . The GOP 's focus is not on the practical impact of this measure - the unions have acquiesced to Walker 's financial terms - but on the political impact .
Unions have been a reliable source of political support for the Democratic Party , including campaign contributions . Over the past few decades , union membership has declined sharply ; according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , workers who belong to a union declined from 20.1 percent of the workforce in 1983 to just 11.9 percent in 2010 .
In the private sector , just 6.9 percent of workers belong to a union . But among public-sector workers , 36.2 percent are union members - and if you look only at state and local government workers , 42.3 percent are unionized . So if Republicans wanted to weaken the Democratic Party by destroying its most important source of big-money support , they would try to crush public-sector unions at the state and local levels .
That 's what the Wisconsin fight is really about . That 's why Walker wo n't settle for budget-balancing concessions . He wants to eliminate the greatest benefit that unions can give their members - collective bargaining - and also , by the way , make it much harder to collect union dues . He wants to starve the unions to death .
This is pure , unadulterated union-busting - not with goons and brickbats , but with the stroke of a scheming governor 's pen .
Eugene Robinson will be online to chat with readers at 1 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday . Submit your questions or comments before or during the discussion .
Yosemite and Abe
One June 30 , 1864 , President Abraham Lincoln signed the Yosemite Grant Act , which promised federal protection for the wild lands of Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove 's sequoias . From this historic act sprang an American legacy — the concept of national parks — and 150 years later , Yosemite is marking the significance of Lincoln 's signing with special events :
For a full list of events , go to www.nps.gov/featurecontent/yose/anniversary/events.html .
BTW , although camping has declined nationwide in the last 15 years , the National Park Service says Yosemite is by far the country 's most popular park and campground , with nearly 460,000 tent campers alone in 2013 .
Camp ‘ n ' ride
Heading out on a vigorous bike tour on your vacation , or even a casual ride ? Instead of a booking a pricey hotel room , you might consider a camp as your base camp . According to the California Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds , dozens of their member campgrounds and park resorts are conveniently situated for the state 's big events and fundraising rides . These include Cycle the Sierra , June 21-25 in Grass Valley ; the Best Buddies Challenge on Sept. 6 from Carmel to Hearst Castle ; the 100-mile Sept. 27 Lighthouse Century ride in Morro Bay ; and the Bike MS Bay to Bay Tour , which travels from Irvine to San Diego on Oct. 18-19 to raise money for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society . To find campgrounds , go to www.camp-california.com .
— Linda Zavoral , Staff
Former Marc VDS Honda rider Miller tested the Desmosedici GP17 in the two-day official post-season test at Valencia and then again in private Jerez testing a week later .
He ended the latter outing seventh-fastest of the MotoGP riders , a little under a second off the pace established by Suzuki rider Andrea Iannone .
While insisting he ca n't say anything definitive until 2018 , Miller reported a good initial feeling on the Italian bike , which `` seems to be suiting '' his style .
`` It 's been pretty good , we were always quite quick so far over the three days that I rode , '' said the Australian after his first day on-track at Jerez .
`` I am happy with that , but of course we need to go faster and faster .
`` At the moment my riding style seems to be suiting it [ the bike ] but we have to wait of course until next year for the races before we know anything .
`` It has its positives and negatives but all in all I am really happy with the performance of the bike now on two tracks . ''
Miller highlighted braking stability and smooth acceleration as strong points of the Desmosedici .
`` I am really enjoying the stability I have on braking and how late I am able to brake and how well the bike transfers from off the gas to on the gas , '' he said . `` It is so smooth .
`` I am able to run some different lines that normally I would not be able to do .
`` It is different , but I am slowly getting my head around everything and really enjoying it a lot , also going quite fast . ''
Miller also reckons the Ducati turns well , something the majority of the Bologna marque 's stable have complained about .
When he was told he is the only one happy with the GP17 's turning , Miller jokingly said : `` Maybe some of them need to go and ride other bikes . ''
Additional reporting by Oriol Puigdemont
First : Congratulations to Katelynn , the winner of the $ 100 giveaway from Shabby Apple . Katelynn said , “ I love the Alice collection , favorite being Knave of Hearts ” . Thanks to all who entered , and remember you can get 10 % off all polka dot dresses through the month of April- enter the code pokadot10off
Second : I see a definite trend developing here on Caramel Potatoes . . . it has to do with Peanut Butter . I do n't know about you , but those two words are all it takes to grab my attention . I love that creamy flavor ! All you have to do is search our recipe box and you 'll find peanut butter cookies , peanut butter brownies , peanut butter cake , peanut butter popcorn . . . you get it right ?
Many of our recipes bring together the great taste of peanut butter and chocolate ; however , if you want your peanut butter straight up , this is your cake . Peanut Butter Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting . This cake is so moist it 's almost like eating the peanut butter straight from the jar { only better of course ! } We also love sheet cake because it is so easy to make and feeds a crowd . This one is perfect for upcoming end-of-year parties and summer reunions ! Be sure to pour yourself a big glass of milk – you 'll have a hard to stopping at one piece !
P.S . If all this talk of peanut butter has your mind reeling trying to decide which of our Peanut Butter Recipes to make first , the links are at the bottom of this post . { Be sure to stay tuned to Caramel Potatoes for more peanut butter – my file is filled with great PB treats ! }
Peanut Butter Sheet Cake Recipe
Ingredients
Cake :
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup water
1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
1 cup brown sugar
2 cups flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs
1/2 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla
Frosting :
3/4 cup butter
6 tablespoon buttermilk
1/2 cup peanut butter
3 1/2 cups powdered sugar , sifted
1 tablespoon vanilla
Instructions
Preheat oven to 375 degrees .
For the cake : In a medium sauce pan add the peanut butter , water , and butter and bring to a boil . Remove from heat .
In a separate mixing bowl , mix together the sugar , brown sugar , flour , salt , and baking soda with a fork . Add the peanut butter mixture and stir well . Add the eggs , buttermilk , and vanilla to the bowl and mix well .
Pour into a greased/sprayed 12X17 jellyroll pan .
Bake for 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean .
For the Frosting : In a medium sauce pan , bring the butter , buttermilk , and peanut butter to a boil . Remove pan from the heat and add the powdered sugar and vanilla and stir until smooth . { I use my hand mixer right in the sauce pan to avoid any lump . } Pour frosting over the warm cake and spread .
recipe adapted slightly from The Girl Who Ate Everything
For serious Peanut Butter Lovers :
Peanut Butter Brownies with Fudge Frosting
Peanut Butter Fudge Cake
Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Bars
Peanut Butter Bars with Chocolate Frosting
Chewy Peanut Butter Bars with Chocolate Chips and Coconut
Marbled Peanut Butter and Chocolate Snickers Cookies
Peanut Butter and Jelly Crumb Bars
Peanut Butter Popcorn
For the first time , astronomers are able to make weather predictions on distant planets orbiting stars other than our own Sun . For two worlds whose atmospheres scientists have been studying , the forecast is overcast , with a chance of additional cloud . The planets , GJ 436b , and GJ 1214b , are 36 light years away in the constellation Leo , and 40 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchis , respectively . When astronomers split starlight into its component colours , they can identify the characteristic signatures of different elements and compounds to record what the star is made from . A very similar technique is often used to identify the composition of clouds of gas in the space between a star and the Earth . By comparing the expected spectrum with the one actually observed , astronomers are able to spot the missing colours and deduce what types of gas the light is passing through . In the case of the two exoplanets , the gas being studied was their atmospheres .
One method by which exoplanets are discovered is the transit method . If a planet 's orbit is aligned between the Earth and its star , it will appear to eclipse that star at regular intervals . When that happens , we can detect and measure the faint dip in the star 's brightness , and this reveals the size of the planet and the speed of its orbit . But if our instruments are sensitive enough , we can also detect the very slight changes in the star 's spectrum caused by the tiny amounts of light which are not blocked by the planet but are instead filtered through its atmosphere . This technique is quite new , though , and instruments sensitive enough to make it possible have only recently become available .
GJ 436b is classed as a “ Warm Neptune ” , because it is a relatively small gas giant planet about the size of Neptune , and orbits so close to its parent star that its average atmospheric temperature is measured in hundreds of degrees . When its atmosphere was examined by Heather Knutson of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , California and her team through the Hubble Space Telescope , they were surprised to find its spectrum was completely flat , revealing no information at all about its composition . “ Either this planet has a high cloud layer obscuring the view , or it has a cloud-free atmosphere that is deficient in hydrogen , which would make it very unlike Neptune , ” said Knutson . “ Instead of hydrogen , it could have relatively large amounts of heavier molecules such as water vapor , carbon monoxide , and carbon dioxide , which would compress the atmosphere and make it hard for us to detect any chemical signatures. ” This scenario seems unlikely , but is not impossible .
Earlier research studying GJ 1214b had noticed something similar . GJ 1214b is a little smaller , being classed as a “ Super Earth ” which means that it is a rocky planet , but several times larger than Earth . It too orbits very close to its star , and is very hot . Its spectrum was also featureless , indicating either heavy layers of high-level cloud , or an atmosphere composed almost entirely of heavy compounds like water . But then Laura Kreidberg and Jacob Bean of the University of Chicago used the Hubble to look more closely at GJ 1214b , and were able to show which of those two options were true . It might seem from what you have read so far that heavier compounds do not show up in a spectrogram , but in fact their chemical fingerprints are simply far more subtle . Sufficiently sensitive readings do detect them , and that is what Kreidberg and Bean 's team hoped to find by devoting more observing time with the Hubble than had ever been spent on an exoplanet . The result of their work was another featureless spectrum , showing that the light was simply being blocked altogether by high-altitude clouds .
So the conclusion is that both these planets have very cloudy atmospheres , and that very little sunlight actually reaches their surfaces . “ Both planets are telling us something about the diversity of planet types that occur outside of our own solar system ; in this case we are discovering that we may not know them and we thought , ” said Knutson . “ We 'd really like to determine the size at which these planets transition from looking like mini-gas giants to something more like a water world or a rocky , scaled-up version of the Earth . Both of these observations are fundamentally trying to answer that question . ”
We now know that these worlds are very cloudy , but we can be prety sure that these clouds are not formed from water vapour as on Earth . Models of GJ 436b and GJ 1214b predict clouds that could be made out of potassium chloride or zinc sulfide at the scorching temperatures of several hundred degrees Fahrenheit predicted to be found in these atmospheres . “ You would expect very different kinds of clouds to form on these planets than you would find , say , on Earth , ” said Kreidberg .
The work by Kreidbeg et al can be read in this paper .
Liked it ? Take a second to support Allen Versfeld on Patreon !
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
A commuter rail train on the MBTA Worcester line . Police say travelers were delayed Saturday night after a man was spotted “ surfing ” on top of a Worcester-bound train while wearing a sombrero and a poncho .
Travelers were delayed Saturday night after a man was spotted “ surfing ” on top of a Worcester-bound train while wearing a sombrero and a poncho , Transit Police said .
The 28-year-old Worcester man , who appeared to be intoxicated , said he had been at a pub crawl in Boston with his friends that afternoon .
The group boarded a commuter train to Worcester , and the man was separated from his friends , Transit Police said .
Advertisement
A train engineer said he was contacted about 9:45 p.m. and told to stop the train because a man was riding on top of it . The train was traveling about 40 miles per hour between the Ashland and Southborough stations , Transit Police said .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
The engineer said he brought the train to a stop , climbed to the top of the engine , and saw the man standing on a ladder attached to the front of the car .
The man was brought to the Southborough MBTA station , where police escorted him off the train , Transit Police said .
The man said he was searching for his friends , Transit Police said . They allowed him to leave with a friend . But they warned that the man is likely to face a summons to appear in Westborough District Court on trespassing charges . The man 's name will not be released until he appears in court , Transit Police said .
Jacqueline Tempera can be reached at jacqueline.tempera
@ globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @ jacktemp .
First it 's the flood waters , the lack of power , and spoiled food . Then , it really gets bad for restaurant owners coping with the aftermath of a powerful storm .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency estimates that about 40 percent of small businesses will never reopen after a disaster .
Houston restaurant owner Brian Fasthoff told CNBC that there are four or five restaurants in the downtown area that he expects will never open again after major flooding and property damage .
While Fasthoff 's restaurant , Batanga 's , was safe from flood waters , which pooled just a block from his location , the storm caused the Latin American restaurant to lose power for three to four days and forced Fasthoff to shutter for a week .
Fasthoff told CNBC the restaurant lost revenue during the time it was closed and had to toss the food in its refrigerators and freezers that had spoiled when it did n't have power . Not to mention , he still had to pay rent and provide paychecks to his salaried employees .
Business interruption insurance should help Fasthoff recoup some of these losses , but two weeks after he put in his claim , he has yet to hear back from his insurance company .
`` It 's scary , '' he said . `` They are about to get really busy with the other hurricanes . And we need help as soon as they can , because restaurants do n't run on big margins to begin with . ''
Batanga 's has since reopened , but Fasthoff said business has been slow .
`` Right now it 's about getting people back out , '' he said . `` To get people to trust that it is safe and dry . It 's been quite a challenge . ''
Luring diners back in has been a challenge for other restaurant operators in the area , as well . Tracy Vaught , co-owner of four restaurants in Houston , told CNBC that sales at her two fine- dining establishments have been weak since the storm . However , sales at her two more moderately priced full-service restaurants have been a bit stronger .
Vaught 's restaurants saw minimal damage , with only one location sustaining a roof leak . Her restaurants were closed for two to three days , she said , but her team is used to losing a few days each year due to inclement weather or restaurant renovation .
Thomas Nguyen , brand boss at Peli Peli Restaurant Group , said most of the company 's restaurants closed for a week . Its fast casual chain Peli Peli Kitchen opened later than the other three fine-dining locations because its kitchen was being used to provide more than 20,000 meals for the Red Cross .
`` The most difficult part for the restaurant industry in Houston is the decrease in general business over the next few months at least , '' he told CNBC via email .
Nguyen said Houston restaurants have already been experiencing a recession due to lower oil prices , which hurt incomes in the region , and the devastation of Harvey will only make that worse . He expects that diners will be grappling with massive home repair costs and will be forced to cut back on going out to eat .
Restaurants are often looked at as a sign of stability in a community , Bill Strout , president of Intrepid Direct Insurance , a restaurant franchise business insurance agency , told CNBC .
`` For a restaurant to get back up and open and support the community by having a place to go and eat is important , '' he said . `` And some delivery might be needed as well because some people might not be able to get out of their homes or their cars might be unusable . ''
In most cases , it takes a business about 14 days to recover from a natural disaster , according to Scott Teel , senior director of communications for Agility Recovery Solutions . However , for those with extensive property damage , it could take months or even years to recover from these storms .
`` Your recovery is dependent on what happened prior to the incident , '' he said .
Teel suggests that restaurant owners do an initial risk assessment to determine the most likely threats to their establishment . Those risks can be mitigated by carefully choosing insurance plans that cover those specific risks , stockpiling resources well in advance of any storms and training staff on proper disaster protocol .
He said many entrepreneurs are unprepared to deal with damages .
Nine out of 10 of the business owners who contact Teel 's organization after an incident looking to obtain a generator do n't know what size or type of machine they need to power their location , he said .
It 's also important to ensure that you understand how to use the equipment , as unsafe practices could shut your business down even if the storm does n't . Every year , people die from carbon monoxide poisoning after running their gas-powered generators inside their homes or businesses .
Power outages can also prevent shops from being able to process credit card transactions . During times of disaster , cash-only businesses are not practical for consumers .
Teel said restaurants should look to businesses such as Waffle House , which transitions to a different menu and gas-powered cooking when it loses power .
Above all , Strout said that restaurateurs should `` work with an insurance provider that is an expert in your industry . ''
Vice President-elect Mike Pence paid a visit to the hottest musical on Broadway , Hamilton , and received heavy boos from the audience upon arrival on Friday night .
During the curtain call at the Richard Rodgers Theatre , the Broadway cast addressed the attendance of the vice president-elect , with actor Brandon Victor Dixon delivering a statement .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ I see you walking out but I hope you will hear us , ” Dixon , who plays Aaron Burr , said . He told the audience , “ There 's nothing to boo here , we 're all sharing a story of love . ”
“ We welcome you , and we truly thank you for joining us here at Hamilton : An American Musical — we really do , ” he continued . “ We are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us , our planet , our children , our parents , or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights , sir . But we truly hope this show has inspired you to uphold our American values , and work on behalf of all of us . ”
Tonight , VP-Elect Mike Pence attended # HamiltonBway . After the show , @ BrandonVDixon delivered the following statement on behalf of the show . pic.twitter.com/Jsg9Q1pMZs — Hamilton ( @ HamiltonMusical ) November 19 , 2016
He concluded by telling Pence : “ We truly thank you for sharing this show , this wonderful American story told by a diverse group of men and women of different colors , creeds and orientations . ”
Dixon , who has been nominated for a Tony Award twice , urged the audience not to be negative toward Pence and Trump supporters .
“ We do n't have to fight one another . The beautiful part of this country is … we do n't have to agree , but we got ta live here , baby , and share with one another . ”
The production received a request from Pence to attend Friday 's performance earlier that afternoon , according to producer Jeffrey Seller who told The Hollywood Reporter .
“ The cast , the creators , we all felt that we must express our feelings to vice president-elect Pence . This is not a normal time , this is not a normal election , ” Seller said . “ This has not been a normal result . And in a democracy , one must let his and her voice be heard , and we were not going to the show tonight without expressing how we feel . ”
“ Everybody should be able to see this show , regardless of their politics , ” he continued . “ But it does just so happen that the politics of this administration have been so negative toward minorities , people of color , gay people that we felt the need to speak up . As a cast comprised of minorities , women , gay people , it was necessary . We had to speak . We had to express how we feel . ”
Pence has been criticized by fans of the musical for his anti-gay legislation . Two actors in the production are openly gay : Rory O'Malley , who plays King George , and Javier Muñoz , who replaced Lin-Manuel Miranda as Hamilton and is H.I.V . positive .
Reminder that the current star of Hamilton is the incomparable Javier Muñoz , an openly gay , openly HIV-positive actor . Pay attention , Pence . — Marc ( @ MarcSnetiker ) November 19 , 2016
Josh Gad , who rose to fame in The Book of Mormon on Broadway , also shared a response to Pence 's visit .
As a member of the theater community , I have a message I feel compelled to share re : @ HamiltonMusical pic.twitter.com/dhax0BEXjY — Josh Gad ( @ joshgad ) November 19 , 2016
As governor of Indiana , Pence opposed gay marriage , signing a bill that made it legal for business owners to refuse service to LGBT customers , citing religious freedom .
Pence left the theater during intermission and did not return to his seat until after intermission ended , in the middle of “ What 'd I Miss ? ” according to THR .
Several aspects of the show were different or amplified . O'Malley stopped the show with the line : “ When people say they hate you , do n't come crawling back to me . ”
Did he @ mike_pence learn anything tonite ? He got our frustration & fear . Can we expect change ? Applause , kisses & hugs to a strong cast ! ! ! https : //t.co/K7a6vgfskW — Luis A. Miranda , Jr. ( @ Vegalteno ) November 19 , 2016
Miranda 's father , Luis , tweeted after the video began trending on Twitter , writing “ Did he @ mike_pence learn anything tonite ? He got our frustration & fear…Applause , kisses & hugs to a strong cast ! ! ! ”
On Saturday , President-elect Donald Trump claimed Pence was “ harassed ” at Hamilton .
“ Our wonderful future V.P . Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton , cameras blazing , ” Trump tweeted . “ This should not happen ! ”
Trump 's campaign manager also addressed Pence 's reception at the musical , retweeting Joe Scarborough who shared an old quote from President Barack Obama saying that he believed that marriage was between a man and a woman .
“ ‘ I believe that marriage is the union between a man and a woman . For me as a Christian . ' -Pres Obama , ” Scarborough wrote . “ Was he booed on Broadway his 1st term ? ”
“ This is so true . And @ mike_pence deserves respect and a peaceful night out with his nephew and daughter . # yourvicepresident , ” Conway responded .
Ruling on temporary protection visas could affect thousands of asylum seekers not being processed
Updated
A High Court ruling could have implications for thousands of asylum seekers who are not having their claims for asylum processed .
The High Court unanimously ruled on Thursday that Immigration Minister Scott Morrison 's decision to grant a man a temporary protection visa ( TPV ) was invalid .
It spelled out that there were only three lawful reasons for detaining people and found detention was not `` an end in itself '' .
Human rights lawyers said the ruling could also relate to thousands of people who are effectively in limbo .
But while it appears to deliver another judicial blow to the Government , the future for thousands of asylum seekers is not yet clear .
A spokesperson for the Immigration Minister said that there are less than 50 cases that will be be affected by the High Court judgement .
`` This sort of suggestions reflects the wishful thinking of advocates seeking yet again to undermine the Government 's policies , rather than an informed understanding of the judgement and the process . ''
The case involved a man who was detained on Christmas Island for two years .
The Immigration Department had found he was a refugee but Mr Morrison granted him a TPV , which prevented him applying for permanent protection .
Human rights lawyer David Manne welcomed the High Court judgement .
`` The High Court has again found that yet another device used by the Government to block refugees from being given a permanent protection visa is invalid and unlawful , '' he said .
Mr Manne said it also had implications for how long people could be detained .
`` Many people are currently in situations which could best be described as limbo , held in detention without proper processing of their claims for protection , '' he said .
Dr Joyce Chia , from the Kaldor Centre for International Refugee Law at the University of New South Wales , said the case had profound implications because it set out the purpose that people could be held in detention for .
`` This really throws into doubt the current Coalition 's policy , which at the moment involves detaining a lot of people without moving them through a genuine process of either removal or visa consideration , '' she said .
No justification for holding asylum seekers : lawyer
Mr Morrison has said that asylum claims have not been processed because he can not get parliamentary approval to offer TPVs .
Ms Chia said the High Court did not see that as a valid reason for not processing people .
`` The High Court has said there are only three valid reasons , '' she said .
`` None of those would have fallen within what the current minister is suggesting as the justification for continuing to hold these people .
`` He has to get on with the actual job , which is to consider whether these people should be allowed to make a visa application under the current law which provides permanent protection . ''
She said the High Court had clearly invited refugee lawyers to take new legal action .
`` By setting out what it said were the limits of detention it basically invited lawyers to say , 'Hang on , it 's not happening in my client 's case . The clients are not being detained for one of those three purposes nor are they being processed as soon as reasonably practical as the High Court has suggested . '
`` So in that way , a legal representative must be now looking and saying , 'Is my client being unlawfully detained ? ' and 'Can I get him released ? ' ''
But Mr Manne cautioned that the fate of those asylum seekers may be decided by parliamentary talks about TPVs .
`` It could well depend on the fate of negotiations between the Government and certain parties in the Senate in relation to permanent protection and TPVs for refugees , so there 's a lot of uncertainty here , '' he said .
Mr Morrison said if the Senate agreed to reintroduce the visas , he would be willing to give them to asylum seekers who arrived by boat in the second half of last year — meaning they could be released from detention but not be eligible for permanent protection .
Topics : immigration , refugees , government-and-politics , australia
First posted
Untitled a guest Feb 1st , 2012 223 Never a guest223Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
RAW Paste Data
Gary Cahill : Targeting quick response following draw
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill admits a 'convincing win ' is needed in order to reignite the Blues ' push for the title .
Jose Mourinho 's side were held to a 1-1 draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge on Sunday - failing to capitalise on Manchester City 's 1-0 defeat at Burnley - and are now six points clear of the champions with a game in hand .
England defender Cahill is targeting Sunday 's trip to Hull as a firm step in the right direction and believes an emphatic victory can restore the confidence lost after the shock Champions League exit to Paris St Germain last week .
I 'm sure we 'll kick on . Man City dropped points and we picked up another point . Our goal difference is good . It 's by far the end of the world , but we 're looking for the next result . Gary Cahill
The 29-year-old : `` We 're desperate ... not desperate , it 's the wrong word - we 're looking for the next convincing win , the next win , to get us back up and running .
`` We should be going out playing with freedom and not feeling the pressure . We should be going out and enjoying it . I think that comes with winning games . The next win I 'm sure is just around the corner for us .
`` We 're out the competitions , apart from the Premier League . We can prepare well . A week , which is rare for us , to prepare for the next game , which is important .
`` Playing for this club the expectations are so high . We did n't lose the ( PSG ) game , we drew . All of a sudden everyone 's saying 'what 's happening here ? '
`` As players we have to focus on the job in hand and that 's the Premier League . I 'm sure we 'll kick on . Man City dropped points and we picked up another point . Our goal difference is good . It 's by far the end of the world , but we 're looking for the next result .
`` It 's a massive opportunity for us this season , everybody knows that . Ten games left to go now and we 're in a fantastic position . ''
Dr. Heather Knight is an Assistant Professor of Robotics at Oregon State University . There , her CHARISMA research group uses methods from Entertainment to bootstrap the development of Social Robots . Their research interests include minimal social robots , robot ethics , charismatic machines , and multi-robot/multi-human social interaction .
She also runs Marilyn Monrobot , a robot theater company with comedy performances and an annual Robot Film Festival . Past honors include robot comedy on TED.com , a robot flower garden installation at the Smithsonian/Cooper-Hewitt Design Museum , and a British Video Music Award for OK GO 's `` This Too Shall Pass '' music video , featuring a two-floor Rube Goldberg Machine . She was named to AdWeek 's top 100 creatives in 2017 , and Forbes List 's 30 under 30 in Science in 2011 .
Her academic background includes a postdoc at Stanford University exploring minimal robots and autonomous car interfaces , a PhD in Robotics at Carnegie Mellon University exploring Expressive Motion for Low Degree of Freedom Robots , and M.S . and B.S . in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , where she developed a sensate skin for a robot teddy bear at the MIT Media Lab . Additional past work includes : robotics and instrumentation at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , and sensor design at Aldebaran Robotics .
Twitter : @ HeatherKnight & @ MarilynMonrobot
This volume contains eleven new essays exploring Charles Peirce 's views about normativity . The international roster of contributors includes many well-established Peirce scholars as well as younger philosophers . The book is the product of a 2007 week-long `` philosophic retreat '' ( xii ) held in Opole , Poland and organized by Krysztof Piotr Skowronski and Nathan Hauser . Topics run the gamut from the application of Peircean semiotic to the aesthetics of jazz and musical improvisation ( Vincent Colapietro and Kelly A. Parker ) , to the applicability of Peirce 's views about realism to issues in meta-ethics ( James Liszka , Rosa Maria Mayorga , and Sami Philstrom ) , to matters concerning the methodology of moral inquiry and the relation of morality to science ( Cornelis de Waal , Mats Bergman , Helmut Pape ) . The chapters are uniformly well-written , their authors deeply immersed in the intricacies of Peirce 's texts. , Many of the chapters represent state-of-the-art Peirce scholarship . Consequently , I highly recommend the book to those working on the normative dimensions of Peirce 's thought .
The animating force behind many of the chapters is the curious fact that pragmatism 's founder seems to have held moral philosophy in exceedingly low regard . In his 1898 Cambridge lectures , Peirce goes so far as to claim that ethics is a `` dangerous study '' and `` useless . '' He then counsels us to `` obey the traditional maxims of your community without hesitation or discussion . '' There are many reasons why such pronouncements seem odd . For one thing , Peirce famously held that reasoning or inquiry -- the model of which forms the basis of much of his philosophy -- is a kind of conduct , and much of his philosophy is bound up with the project of discerning the marks of good , responsible , and proper reasoning . In fact , Peirce claims that logic is the science of `` self-control '' , and the pragmatic maxim is , after all , a maxim . A related point is that pragmatism in all of its forms wants to tether philosophical theorizing to human habits and practices , and there is no doubt that moral assessment and deliberation play a central role in human lives . Hence the puzzle : normativity of some kind lies at the very heart of Peirce 's thought , especially in those exaggerated moments where he depicts himself as a hard-nosed laboratory scientist with no tolerance for `` make-believes , '' `` jargon , '' and `` nonsense , '' yet he frequently dismisses ethics as an area of inquiry .
It should be noted , of course , that Peirce is not univocal on these matters . In his architectonic writings , for example , one finds Ethics listed among the `` normative sciences '' ( along with Logic and Esthetics ) . In a text from 1904 , Peirce declares that `` Thinking is a kind of action , and reasoning is a kind of deliberate action ; and to call an argument illogical , or a proposition false , is a special kind of moral judgment . '' And Peirce 's more speculative writings contain suggestions to the effect that both logic and ethics are branches of aesthetics , and that the only thing properly regarded as good is the process of evolution , which Peirce seems to have thought is directed towards the perfection of reason .
Hence it falls to the Peirce scholar to try to sort out this mess of curious remarks , flippant dismissals , suggestions , and exaggerations into a coherent picture of normativity that complements the other , more thoroughly developed , aspects of Peirce 's philosophy . There are many avenues worth exploring here , and , as I 've mentioned , several of the chapters point to ways in which one might develop a Peircean theory of normativity .
That said , the book does exhibit a few flaws , some typical of a collection of expanded and polished conference papers , others , specific to this particular volume , so more lamentable . I begin with the former .
Volumes of this kind often suffer from various forms of unevenness across chapters . One has to do with the envisioned audience . Each contributor must decide for whom he or she is writing ( fellow philosophers ? fellow Peirce experts ? budding pragmatists ? ethicists ? ) , and proceed accordingly . Even in cases where multiple authors envision a similar kind of readership , they can differ over the specifics of how that target audience is best addressed . Another kind of unevenness , which is no doubt related to the first , has to do with the degree of philosophical engagement . Each contributor must decide whether the aim is to simply describe his or her view , or argue for it , or defend it ; and if the latter two , questions arise concerning the character of argument that is called for . For example : must I argue for my view by considering the philosophically the best objections , or only the most popular or obvious ones ? Or , more generally : how much philosophical common ground with my readers should I assume ?
This book 's chapters almost uniformly strike an uneasy posture that mixes textual exegesis ( in some cases , bald reportage ) with first-order philosophical argumentation . I call this pose uneasy in the current context because the exegetical passages ( which in some chapters are rather long ) indicate that the essays are meant to be read by those not yet familiar with Peirce 's broader philosophy . This suggests that the contributors take themselves to be addressing a general audience of philosophers , not simply an audience of fellow Peirce experts ( or fellow pragmatists ) . This , in turn , would seem to amplify the burdens with respect to the first-order philosophical argumentation that is presented . To wit : when you aspire to formulate , and perhaps even recommend , a Peircean conclusion to your fellow philosophers , it seems you should avoid assuming very much philosophical common ground . You must instead go into the trenches and talk about the issues , difficulties , and problems that motivate opposing philosophical programs , with an eye towards showing how the proposed Peircean alternative stacks up . Otherwise , you are merely preaching to the Peircean choir . Alas , the Peircean choir has no need for the extended exegetical discussions . While many of the chapters attempt to assess the comparative merits of Peirce 's views with respect to current philosophical alternatives , only a few ( most notably , Philstrom and Liszka ) give non-Peircean ideas their due . Most frequently , Peirce is brought into contact only with severely underdeveloped and flimsy alternatives . That is to say , the stance taken on the issues of audience and engagement leaves the reader with a sense of disorientation : for what purpose were these essays written ?
As I 've mentioned , in collections devoted to specific topics and figures , this kind of disorientation is common and it might even be true to say inevitable . In light of this , one might conclude that unevenness is not an appropriate basis for criticism . But this particular volume has an additional defect , one that rises to the level of a disappointment . To be blunt , so many of the chapters spend so much time reporting the intricate distinctions in Peirce 's various attempts to develop a comprehensive classification of the sciences that there is entirely too little attention paid to the actual issues that drive normative theory as a field within our discipline . Accordingly , although there are several accounts of the various ways in which Peirce classified different kinds of normative inquiry , the reader does n't get a good sense of where Peirceans should stand ( or of the various places that they may stand ) on the issues that are central to current moral philosophy . This is further complicated by the fact that some of the attempts to discuss the broader issues are clumsy and sometimes misleading . For example , in her otherwise interesting examination of Peirce 's realism , Mayorga claims that `` utilitarianism equates happiness ( or goodness ) with maximizing pleasure and minimizing pain for the majority '' ( 124 ) . Though this is intended merely as a gloss , no utilitarian would allow that characterization to stand . And in his searching overview of Peirce 's views about ethics and moral reasoning , Liszka claims that `` If Peirce suggests that all normative claims can be said to be true or false , that would make Peirce , not surprisingly , an ethical realist '' ( 66 ) . But this is to conflate cognitivism with realism .
More generally , this volume reflects an unfortunately missed opportunity . There are especially potent and influential strands of moral and meta-ethical theorizing afoot in contemporary philosophy that are arguably consonant with ( and sometimes acknowledged as deriving from ) Pericean-pragmatist sources . I think in particular of certain varieties of quasi-realism and constructivism . These views are of course importantly different from one another . But the `` global '' version of the former currently championed explicitly in the name of Peircean pragmatism by Huw Price is nowhere mentioned , let alone engaged . The same goes for both the Kantian ( discourse-theoretic ) and Humean ( evolutionary ) versions of constructivism in currency . The oversights are regrettable , as both the quasi-realist and constructivist programs are committed to a core anti-metaphysical thesis that was central to Peirce 's own thinking , namely , that one can preserve the objectivity and truth-aptness of statements within a type of discourse without triggering metaphysical commitments to objects or entities that seemingly are referred to in those statements .
One can of course press a similar point with respect to current programs concerning other forms of normativity , especially aesthetic and epistemic . Here , too , there are influential movements within contemporary philosophy that are , broadly speaking , pragmatist . Yet these essays far too infrequently attempt to connect with them . An inevitable worry is that readers will get the sense that the community of Peirceans is fixated on Peirce 's texts as its exclusive subject matter . And in any case the authors give very little guidance regarding how Peirce might be situated within the contemporary discussions of normativity . Given the extent of the untapped philosophical resources in Peirce , it is hard to imagine a more unwelcome result .
MANILA , Philippines — A fire razed the Caloocan City Police Station early Tuesday morning , reducing to ash files of cases handled by a police unit whose members were relieved en masse for retraining in September .
Bureau of Fire Protection Superintendent Gary Alto , city fire marshal , said the fire reached first alarm at 4:30 a.m. , and reached fourth by 5 a.m .
It was declared under control at 5:30 a.m. and declared out by 6 a.m .
Police Senior Superintendent Jemar Modequillo , Caloocan city police chief , said records of cases , including suspected extrajudicial killings and deaths under investigation , are not completely lost as there are copies at the Northern Police District headquarters , which is also in the city .
Firefighters put out a fire which fired off bullets that remained in the razed bldg @ PhilippineStar pic.twitter.com/Fidkl8t76y — Marc Jayson Cayabyab ( @ mjaysoncayabyab ) November 14 , 2017
Director Oscar Albayalde , National Capitol Region Police Office chief , ordered the relief of the entire Caloocan police force in September over allegations that police raided a private residence without a search warrant and stole valuables . The allegations , based on security camera footage , have led to cases being filed against officers involved .
The relief was also partly in response to public outrage over the killings of Kian Loyd delos Santos and Carl Angelo Arnaiz at the hands of police in separate incidents in August .
THE idea that power could corrupt physically as well as morally—that the strain of high office might damage an incumbent 's health—took a serious knock in the 1970s , with the publication of the first “ Whitehall ” study by Michael Marmot of University College , London . This showed that , among British civil servants , it is those at the top of the pyramid who are healthiest and live longest , even when other factors are taken into account . Being the alpha dog , Sir Michael found , is itself an elixir of life .
Research just published in the British Medical Journal , though , tells a different story . Anupam Jena of Harvard University and his colleagues looked not at civil servants , but at those who won elections to take the position of head of a government . Dr Jena compared the subsequent lifespans of 279 winners of elections in 17 countries ( going back , in the case of Britain , to the early 18th century ) with those of 261 runners-up in such contests who never subsequently won the top office . Using actuarial data , he concluded that winning and exercising the highest of offices in these countries takes an average of 2.7 years off the victor 's lifespan . For elected , rather than unelected politicians , then , supreme power really does look like a Faustian bargain .
The Libyan Supreme Court has issued a ruling today declaring the election of the current parliament , currently operating out of the border town of Tobruk since they lost the capital , as unconstitutional .
The ruling effectively invalidates the seated parliament , adding to questions of who is actually in power , and gives a boost to the self-proclaimed rival parliament , currently in Tripoli , which is backed by the Misrata militia .
The previous elected parliament had extended its terms repeatedly before finally agreeing to the new vote in the face of an attempted coup d'etat by Gen. Khalifa Hifter . Hifter 's forces are now backing the new elected parliament in a war against the Misrata-backed one .
It is unclear , in the wake of this ruling , how a new election could even theoretically be held constitutionally , though the loss of court legitimacy could be the final blow to the Tobruk parliament .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
EA Sports released its top 5 quarterbacks in Madden NFL 18 on Wednesday . The top-rated QB should be a suprise to no one , but the rest of the top five is perfect fodder NFL fans craving debate in these summer months .
1 . Tom Brady - 99
At age 40 , Brady is playing arguably the best football of his career . He recently topped The MMQB 's rankings of the best 400 NFL players , and after his heroic comeback in Super Bowl LI , this should n't be much of a shock .
2 . Aaron Rodgers - 98
A good portion of NFL fans will argue that A-Rod is better than Brady , and this ranking suggests that the powers that be at EA Sports think the race is tight . Equipped with arguably the strongest arm in the NFL , Rodgers has a 97 throw on the run rating .
3 . Matt Ryan - 96
It 's not often that the reigning NFL MVP is the third-highest rater player at his own position . Ryan enjoyed a terrific—and resurgent—2016 season ; his Madden NFL 17 rating was initially 84 .
4 . Drew Brees - 92
The Saints ' recent struggles have relegated Brees to under-the-radar status , but this fantasy legend continues to produce . Brees passed for more than 5,000 yards in 2016 for the fourth time in his career and , at 38 , has shown no signs of slowing down .
5 . Ben Roethlisberger - 91
When he 's healthy , it 's hard to argue that Ben Roethlisberger is n't one of the very best quarterbacks in the NFL . The 35-year-old remains lethal outside the pocket and has developed an unparalleled chemistry with receiver Antonio Brown .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
More than one out of four , or 28 percent , of uninsured Americans say they are more likely to pay the individual mandate fine than buy insurance , according to a new Gallup poll . On the other hand , 63 percent of uninsured Americans plan on just getting insurance . What 's fascinating , though not surprising , is how this decision splits along party lines . Uninsured Republicans are far more likely to prefer to go without insurance than uninsured independents or Democrats .
Surprisingly , uninsured young invincibles — people 30 years old or younger — are slightly more likely to get insurance ( 68 percent ) than older people ( 60 percent ) . So , instead of saying that young people are n't signing up , it might be more accurate to say they have n't signed up yet . Older Americans , as well as those who lost their insurance during the recession , are more likely to sign up for insurance early because they 're more motivated . As Politico noted last month , they were also much more likely to spend hours on the buggy federal exchange , which was previously blamed as the main deterrent for millennials . Healthy people , especially young people , are motivated by fines and deadlines , which do n't come into play for a few months . And maybe some uninsured people think it might be nice to have health insurance .
The advancement of robots that can do our jobs for us will create a class-divide not seen since the 19th century , a report by the Pew Research Centre in America has found .
As machines have continued to displace factory workers , personal assistants and receptionists over the last decade , advanced countries must adapt their education systems to turn average students into exceptional ones who can outperform a robot , sociologists told Pew .
`` The jobs that robots will leave for humans will be those that require thought and knowledge , '' Howard Rheingold , an internet sociologist , told think tank Pew .
`` Education systems in the US and much of the rest of the world are still sitting students in rows and columns , teaching them to keep quiet and memorise what is told to them , preparing for life in a 20th century factory . ''
We 're going to have to come to grips with a long-term unemployment crisis and the fact that – strictly from an economic point of view , not a moral point of view – there are more 'surplus humans ' Karl Fogel , Open Tech Strategies
The report is based on interviews with 2,551 professionals , including journalists , CEOs and university professors , to ask whether a world in which robots do our menial tasks for us will be one filled with 'utopian leisure ' or one we should fear .
Roughly half of respondents thought that although machines will displace many more jobs in the coming decade , this will lead to a 'golden age ' in which the meaning of 'work ' is redefined as people find themselves with much more free time .
For example : `` How unhappy are you that your dishwasher has replaced washing dishes by hand , your washing machine has displaced washing clothes by hand or your vacuum cleaner has replaced hand cleaning ? '' asks Hal Varian , chief economist at Google in response to Pew 's investigation .
But the other half voiced concerns that once jobs disappear , new ones will not surface to take their place , particularly for unskilled workers which , some say , could result in a future of widespread unemployment , deep inequality and violent uprisings .
`` We 're going to have to come to grips with a long-term unemployment crisis and the fact that – strictly from an economic point of view , not a moral point of view – there are more 'surplus humans ' , '' said Karl Fogel , a partner at Open Tech Strategies .
If the education system does not produce more technologically savvy and creative high achievers as the norm , then the rise of robot workers is `` certain to lead to an increase in income inequality , a continued hollowing out of the middle class , and even riots , social unrest , and/or the creation of a permanent , unemployable 'underclass ' , '' the Pew Research Centre report concludes .
This meant that they must be destroyed , the terrorist organisation argued
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
It 's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping .
The images were posted on social media , including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum , under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols .
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul
It 's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping
The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased .
The statement stems from a collection of Islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many Muslims reject .
Steven Stalinsky , executive director of The Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , told FoxNews.com that by posting the images on social media , the group was sending a message to the West .
He said : 'It is important to note that ISIS is documenting its destruction and desecration of Christian sites and its attacks on Christian communities , and on other minorities ' sites and communities , and is disseminating these images worldwide via social media .
The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased
Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis , with many in Iraq and Syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-Muslims
One expert said that Isis released the video to mock the West , to show that it is powerless to stop the group doing whatever it wants
'By doing this , ISIS is not only showcasing what it is doing , but is also mocking the West by demonstrating that it is doing so freely , with no one trying to stop it . '
Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis , with many in Iraq and Syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-Muslims .
Earlier this year Isis released a video showing militants beheading 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya and Yazidis have told of fighters abducting hundreds of girls and women and subjecting them to rapes and beatings .
Isis ' attack on Iraq 's heritage , meanwhile , recently saw Nimrud , once the jewel of Assyria and home to a treasure considered one of the 20th century 's main archaeological finds , destroyed by explosives and men armed with power tools .
The UN 's cultural agency condemned the act on Monday .
' I condemn this mad , destructive act that accentuates the horror of the situation , ' UNESCO head Irina Bokova said in a statement .
The Islamic State group on Saturday circulated an undated video showing militants equipped with sledgehammers and power tools breaking artefacts before rigging the site with large barrels of powder .
The subsequent footage shows a massive explosion and its aftermath , suggesting the ruins of Nimrud - which lie on the Tigris about 30 kilometres ( 18 miles ) southeast of IS-held Mosul - were largely levelled .
Nimrud , founded in the 13th century BC , is one of the most famous archaeological sites in a country often described as the cradle of civilisation .
A petition drive that sought to derail Maryland 's new gun-control law has failed , a state official said Saturday .
Opponents of the law did not turn in an initial batch of signatures by the deadline at midnight on Friday , meaning the law championed by Gov . Martin O'Malley ( D ) will stand , said Steve Ackerman , a spokesman for the Maryland Secretary of State 's Office .
Ackerman also confirmed that his office had not received any petitions from a separate group seeking to halt Maryland 's law repealing the death penalty , another O'Malley initiative .
In both cases , opponents were seeking enough signatures to force statewide votes on the new laws in November 2014 .
To comply with a constitutional requirement , petition-gatherers had to present the first third of a required 55,736 signatures to the state on Friday . If that threshold were crossed , the remainder would be due a month later .
Leaders of Free State Petitions , the group coordinating the gun-control petition , said little about their progress on Friday .
MDPetitions.com , the group spearheading the petition drive on the death penalty repeal , acknowledged at a news conference Friday that they had fallen short of the 18,579 signatures required for the drive to continue .
The new gun-control law signed by O'Malley bans assault weapons and limits magazines to no more than 10 bullets . Residents buying a gun are required to give fingerprints and obtain a photo ID similar to a driver 's license . They also have to spend eight hours in a gun-safety training class .
Some pro-gun groups decided not to participate in the petition drive , arguing that legal action is a better course for overturning the law .
MDPetitions.com , which helped put three measures on the ballot last year , including one on same-sex marriage , also sat out the gun-control fight .
Vincent DeMarco , president of Marylanders to Prevent Gun Violence , which lobbied for passage of O'Malley 's bill , said he was happy to avoid a long referendum fight .
“ We are thrilled that the new law will take effect as planned , and we look forward to making it a model for the nation on how to prevent gun violence , ” DeMarco said .
Do not order the cheeseburger at Peter Luger Steak House . Do n't order the hamburger either , at least if it is your first time , or your tenth . Peter Luger has always been , and will always be , about the porterhouse steak . A dish that the restaurant has firmly cemented as the cornerstone in the cultural edifice that is the NYC steakhouse . The method of preparation and service Luger pioneered — broiled and sliced and broiled again , served on a sizzling platter full of beef juice and butter — has been often mimicked but never equalled . And although the restaurant has been in business since 1887 the burger has only been on the menu since around 1995 . According to David Berson , one of the fourth generation owners of Peter Luger , the exact genesis of the burger is somewhat murky . Berson surmises it was likely added due to demand from regulars , perhaps in the same way that the now ubiquitous thick-cut bacon appetizer became a menu staple — a customer spotted a staff member eating family meal and requested the same dish . Of course , chopped steak — one of the staples of the 19th century chophouse — existed on the menu at Peter Luger since time immemorial , so adding a bun was not a huge leap .
Like much else at the restaurant , everything is done in analog . Peter Luger does n't really operate like a 21st century restaurant — it barely operates as an early 20th century one . There are no fancy computer management systems . The reservation book is a giant calendar penned by hand . And the aging of the beef , and indeed blending of the burger , are done by the feel and experience of Peter Luger 's star butchers , rather than following a strict formula or recipe . The restaurant could likely run without electricity , although it would have to revert back to cash only . ( Peter Luger added debit card machines a few years back ; the only credit card they accept remains their own . )
The Peter Luger burger is made primarily of prime grade chuck , the foundation of any great patty , buttressed with the dry aged trimmings from the short loins from which the restaurant 's iconic porterhouses are fabricated . `` We do n't disclose the breakdown of the burger , '' says Berson when queried on the fat-to-lean percentage or the quantity of the dry aged component . I would say that the burger is at least 25 percent fat to 75 percent lean , given how juicy it is . And commendably , almost all of it remains in the burger , rather than spilling out onto the plate . This is the sign of proper chopping technique and the reason to use prime beef . Because of the abundant marbling , you do n't need to add extra fat , which is prone to leach out more easily . The patties are formed into eight ounce portions and are cooked in a dedicated broiler of the same type that sears the steaks at 800° . Personally I prefer a flattop method of preparation because you can generally get a better sear . The burger broiler seems calibrated to turn out a perfectly cooked medium rare burger . A rare burger will not have quite the level of external char I like . It makes sense , since medium rare is by far the most popular order . But I think this beef is so marvelous that it deserves to be cooked rare . And unlike more than one steakhouse burger I have had , even a rare order will be warmed through , while maintaining a glorious claret hue . Cool raw beef is desirable in steak tartare , and completely disheartening in a hamburger .
The sesame spangled bun is sourced from a local bakery , who also produce the fabled onion rolls and other assorted breads served at the restaurant . The bun is what Berson describes as `` sturdier than usual , '' designed to accommodate the buxom patty and not disintegrate completely . While the burger with the crown on looks almost comically bulbous , the bun compresses easily without falling apart and still holds the patty snuggly . The most popular order at Peter Luger is a cheeseburger — American cheese being the only option for an extra $ 1.50 over the hamburger 's $ 14.95 price tag . I am here to tell you to skip the cheese entirely . The cheeseburger is excellent by any measure , but it pales compared to the elegant purity of the hamburger . While I am a staunch advocate for American as the ideal cheese on a burger , the beef here is simply too lush and flavorful to require it . In fact the cheese serves to obscure much of the gentle gaminess inherent in the dry aged component .
A slice of the aforementioned thick slab bacon is also available for an additional $ 4.50 but does nothing to improve the burger ; it is far too thick to eat in the burger itself and in any case the beef already has the perfect balance of salt and fat . The fries on the other hand are well worth the $ 3.95 supplemental charge . They are some of the best in the city : thick cut , golden , with plenty of fluffiness to contrast with the external crispness . They resemble British chips and similarly cooked in beef fat , as was the traditional method of preparation for much of that nations history . That 's right , even the fries are beefy at Peter Luger . If you have n't eaten at Peter Luger before I would encourage you to go for the steak on your first visit . The burger is really intended for regulars and Berson notes that tourists almost never order them . When asked if he considers changing the burger , Berson demurs : `` People make all these hight brow burgers with caramelized onions , bacon marmalade , and a cheese whose name I ca n't pronounce . That 's not what we are about . We are about simple goodness . '' Like the porterhouse steak , and the dining room itself , there is a stripped down purity to the Peter Luger burger that perfectly embodies the essence of the experience I am after .
Foursquare Peter Luger Steak House
Eater Video : How New York 's Peter Luger Chooses Its Steak
