Begin Again Continues in 2018
First Begin Again Event of 2017 Offered The Latest Chance to Clear Summons Warrants
Building on the success of 2016 , the Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office brought Begin Again to Bedford-Stuyvesant this April to give Brooklyn residents an opportunity to deal with summonses for low-level offenses quickly and easily right in their community . This summons warrants – ordered when people fail to answer a ticket for minor quality of life offenses such as drinking alcohol in public or being in a park after closing – have ballooned into a total of over a million in New York City , with about a quarter originating in Brooklyn . These open warrants weigh down an overburdened courts system and can hold back individuals who have them on their records .
Of the 3,248 Begin Again participants who have attended events so far , no one has been arrested and all have received consultation with attorneys from Legal Aid on how to resolve their warrants and on any other legal issues they had .
Begin Again
Over 3,000 New Yorkers Attended , Over 2,100 Warrants Cleared in First Five Events
With an April 2017 event at Mt . Pisgah Baptist Church in Bedford-Stuyvesant and four previous events at Brooklyn churches dating back to 2015 , the Begin Again initiative has helped over 3,000 New Yorkers and cleared more than 2,100 outstanding summons warrants to date . The Legal Aid Society was on hand for each event to meet with all participants before they entered the courtroom , and over 30 different organizations have been part of resource fairs held at the churches .
Leading up to the fifth Begin Again event in April 2017 , DA Eric Gonzalez said , “ Our Beginning Again initiative has been a tremendous success in helping thousands of New Yorkers resolve their outstanding summonses . I am committed to giving the people of Brooklyn a new start by helping them remove the threat of an arrest and other negative consequences associated with an open summons warrant . I encourage everyone , including members of our immigrant communities , to take advantage of this program , which also fosters trust between law enforcement and the communities we serve . ”
The events have all seen a steady stream of individuals coming to the churches , almost all of whom were able to resolve their open warrants and underlying summons cases within two hours . Even when the line stretched to nearly the end of the block , people moved seamlessly from Legal Aid , to the sanctuary waiting room , to the makeshift courtroom , where a judge cleared their warrants and disposed of their cases . The community , the courts , prosecutors and police all came together to achieve this common good . When kicking off Begin Again in June 2015 , the late District Attorney Thompson noted that Emmanuel Baptist Church became , for one day , “ a sanctuary of justice . ”
At that first event , elected officials and leaders from the NYPD , the courts and Legal Aid were present to announce the important event . “ This initiative is a win-win for all involved and a good first step toward our goal of preventing nuisance offenses from ruining the lives of our young people across New York City , ” U.S. Representative Hakeem Jeffries said during a press conference by the church .
New York City Criminal Court Administrative Judge Melissa Jackson said in a statement : “ We encourage individuals with outstanding summons warrants to take full advantage of this opportunity to vacate their warrants and dispose of their cases in this accessible and supportive environment . ”
In fact , of the 3,248 Begin Again participants who have attended the first five events , no one was arrested and all received consultation with attorneys from Legal Aid on how to resolve their warrants and on any other legal issues they had .
“ Our criminal justice system should be a foundation that stabilizes our community , not an anchor that weighs us down , ” said Public Advocate Letitia James . “ The cooperative , non-confrontational process of Begin Again will foster trust in the New York City legal system and help numerous individuals who have been victimized by the crackdown on low-level offenses . ”
Added Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams : “ After patrolling our streets for 22 years as an NYPD officer , I know first-hand that we can not tolerate quality-of-life disturbances . Still , we can all agree that the punishment must fit the offense . ”
The success of the first five Begin Again events – with participants showing up from all around the city – highlights the importance of this ongoing initiative to enhance equal justice and improve our courts ' operations for the benefit of all New Yorkers .
For more information , check out Twitter : @ BeginAgainBklyn # BeginAgainBklyn
PARTNERS
The Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office
Clergy , Elected Officials , and other Community Leaders
Office of Court Administration
New York City Police Department
The Legal Aid Society
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
I am a Brooklyn resident , but I received a summons in another borough , can I have my warrant vacated at Begin Again ?
– Yes . All summons warrants issued in New York City qualify . Warrant holders from all five boroughs are eligible to come . I am not a Brooklyn resident and I did not receive my summons in Brooklyn ; can I have my warrant vacated at Begin Again ?
– Yes . All summons warrants issued in New York City qualify . Warrant holders from all five boroughs are eligible to come . I received a letter in the mail stating that I have a summons warrant . Does this mean that I have to come to Begin Again ?
-You are not required to attend Begin Again . Those who received a letter from the courts did so based on the Office of Court Administration 's records indicating an open summons warrant . All low level summons warrants can be resolved at Begin Again . Letter holders will receive expedited admittance to the courtroom site . Will only letter holders receive expedited admittance to the courtroom ?
-No . You can preregister for expedited admittance by going to www.BrooklynDA.org/BeginAgain I have not received a letter about Begin Again , may I still attend ?
– Yes . All low-level summons warrants qualify . Please preregister to expedite the handling of your matter . I lost my summons . Can I still attend ?
-Yes . The court will have access to all summons warrants dated before November 7 , 2015 . I have a transit related summons . Can I have it resolved at Begin Again ?
-No . You must go to http : //web.mta.info/nyct/rules/TransitAdjudicationBureau/ContactTAB.htm I have a child support warrant or related summons . Can I have it resolved at Begin Again ?
-No . You must appear at the Court that issued the warrant and/or summons and seek legal assistance ( if eligible ) . If the arrears are owed to the NYC Department of Social Services there are resources to assist with resolving those arears . Please visit : http : //www1.nyc.gov/site/hra/help/child-support-services.page and click on Manage Your Child Support ( Debt-Reduction Programs ) . I have a summons warrant for an offense that is not listed on your flyer ; can I still have my warrant cleared at Begin Again ?
– Yes . All low level summons warrants qualify . My summons offense has been resolved , but it has never been cleared from my record . Can this issue be cleared from my record at Begin Again ?
–Legal Aid will be on site and can counsel you as to your best course of action . What happens if I have a more serious offense on my record and I come to Begin Again ?
– Legal Aid will be on site and can counsel you as to how you can handle your misdemeanor or felony warrant . I have been re-arrested multiple times for summons related warrants on my record ; does this arrest history exclude me from Begin Again ?
– No . Your arrest history will not prohibit you from attending Begin Again . What other resources are available at Begin Again events ?
–Resources available on site relate to job training , healthcare provision , education , legal assistance , and general social service assistance . I received a summons very recently and my court date has not yet passed . Can I address the summons at Begin Again ?
–For the upcoming Begin Again , on April 14th and 15th , any summons dated before March 24th will be heard by the court . Do I need to take identification with me to Begin Again ?
– Yes . You will need a form of photo identification . Can I address someone else 's warrant at Begin Again ?
– No . The Judge will only consider cases where the individual in question is present . Can I bring family members with me to Begin Again ?
– Only warrant holders are allowed in the Begin Again courtroom . Family members are welcome on the rest of the event grounds , including the resource fair . I am an undocumented immigrant . Can I come to Begin Again ?
-Yes . Your immigration status will not prevent you from having your low level summons warrant resolved at Begin Again . Once I resolve my warrant at Begin Again , will it still appear on my criminal record ?
-You will immediately receive a disposition letter from the Court showing that your warrant has been vacated and erased from your record . It may take several days for your digital records to be updated . In the interim , it will be important to keep the disposition letter on your person .
EVENT DETAILS
Begin Again Event 2018
Friday , September 21 , 2018 and
Saturday , September 22 , 2018
Location / Time :
Lenox Road Baptist Church
1356 Nostrand Ave , Brooklyn NY 11226
9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m .
QUALIFYING OFFENSES
The following are just some of the outstanding summons/warrants that can be resolved :
Drinking Alcohol in Public
Disorderly Conduct
Public Urination
Being in the Park after Closing
Riding a Bicycle on the Sidewalk
Loitering
Unlawful Possession of Marijuana
Trespassing
Spitting
Unleashed dog
Littering
Failure to Have a Dog License
Making Unreasonable Noise
Animal Nuisance
Unlawful Possession of Alcohol ( Under the Age of 21 )
Again , this is not a complete list of summons-related offenses that can be addressed . All warrants connected to summonses are eligible for Begin Again .
In addition to offering participants support as they navigate the process of resolving their warrants , we will also host a neighborhood resource fair outside the Church during the hours of the event . We have received the commitment of many local community-based organizations that will be present to offer vital information related to job training , legal issues , and health .
CONTACT
Begin Again Hotline : 718-250-3888
MEDIA
Articles
Videos
With limited details available in the Trump administration 's “ skinny budget , ” education officials are worried that an already small source of federal funding to help homeless students succeed could be at risk .
The budget blueprint released last month asks Congress to cut $ 9.2 billion in federal education spending , including funding for after-school programs , teacher development and other need-based grants .
In 2016 , $ 70 million was provided to districts , charter schools and county offices of education across the nation through the McKinney-Vento Act 's Education for Homeless Children and Youth program . That included a total of $ 720,000 to applicants in San Diego County . Congress has until April 28 to agree on a funding amount for 2017 , up to a maximum of $ 85 million .
But even if the full amount were authorized , what districts currently receive to help homeless students is “ a drop in the bucket , ” said Barbara Duffield of SchoolHouse Connection , a national organization that promotes success for homeless youth .
Duffield doubts the McKinney-Vento program will be eliminated under the new administration , but said the amount decided on for this year will “ set the tone ” for its future .
“ I would obviously be very concerned if the program was targeted , ” she said .
Recently , three congressmen began circulating a letter urging their colleagues to sign on in support of “ robust funding ” for the program . They argue that the current authorization of $ 70 million funds only 24 percent of districts and county offices nationwide .
We 'll do the work . You just read it .
Sign up for our newsletter .
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms .
The McKinney-Vento Act is designed to help districts and county offices identify and remove barriers to education for homeless students . Children living unsheltered , in cars , trailers , motels or hotels and doubled up with other families may need help cutting through enrollment red tape , transportation costs and other needs .
But districts must provide these services regardless of whether they receive the grant .
In 2014-15 , the most recent data available from the U.S. Department of Education , schools across the nation enrolled more than 1.3 million homeless students .
California is home to 20 percent of those students and subsequently received the most McKinney-Vento funding last year — $ 7.5 million .
Nearly a third of the local education agencies in California reported 50 homeless students or more , which made them eligible to apply for McKinney-Vento funding . Of the 130 that applied , 61 were funded in amounts ranging from $ 15,000 to $ 250,000 based on need .
What San Diego districts receive
More than 22,000 homeless students were enrolled in 53 San Diego County districts and charter schools in 2013-2014 , based on data applicants used to write their most recent grant proposals .
More than half were eligible to receive the funding , but only eight applied . Four were granted a total of $ 720,000 — Vista Unified , Santee , San Diego Unified and the San Diego County Office of Education .
“ Some districts just do n't feel it 's worth the time and the effort , ” said Susie Terry , a project specialist for foster youth at the San Diego County Office of Education .
Funds can pay for faculty positions to help enroll homeless students , before- and after-school programs , transportation , professional development and other needs .
Terry said larger school districts may have an easier time applying because many have a designated grant writer . But even then , the time it takes to complete a grant may not be worth the reward .
“ San Diego Unified , for example , got the highest award , ” Terry said . “ But that 's $ 242,000 to serve over 7,000 homeless students . So from a district perspective , I think it seems like a small amount of money . ”
Smaller districts , like Santee and neighboring La Mesa-Spring Valley , are encouraged to apply as consortiums to better their chances of receiving money . The two applied together in 2015 and received a $ 76,000 grant . Seven applications were submitted as consortiums in California and each was funded .
If funding falls through
“ McKinney-Vento ca n't be seen as the be-all-end-all for school districts efforts to end homelessness , ” said Duffield , pointing out there are other sources of funding .
School districts are required to set aside Title I fund each year to supplement expenses for low-achieving students throughout the year . The policy states districts can use these funds to provide clothing , school supplies , immunizations and other necessities to students experiencing homelessness , but only after other school and community resources have been exhausted .
Mead High School principal Troy Snyder plagiarized the graduation speech he delivered to the class of 2014 , St. Vrain Valley School District superintendent Don Haddad confirmed Monday .
But Snyder was not fired for the offense .
`` It was Troy 's decision to resign , '' Haddad said .
A call to Snyder 's cell phone on Monday was answered , but the person who answered hung up when this reporter identified herself .
A member of the public told district officials of the dishonesty , Haddad said . Haddad has told the staff , and assumed the problem was public knowledge , he said .
Reportedly , Snyder took more than half of the speech from `` Lean In , '' a best-selling book by Facebook 's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg .
In the St. Vrain Valley School District , students who are scholastically dishonest `` including , but not limited to cheating on a test , plagiarism , or unauthorized collaboration with another person in preparing written work '' can be suspended or expelled , according to policy JICDA .
School district spokesman John Poynton announced Snyder 's resignation on June 3 . Former Erie High School principal Steve Payne will serve as interim principal for the 2014-15 school year .
Haddad said he wishes Snyder and his family well .
`` Troy 's a good man and I appreciate the many good things he did at Mead High School , '' Haddad said .
Contact Times-Call staff writer Victoria Camron at 303-684-5226 or vcamron @ times-call.com
We 're officially past the signing deadline for the 2011 recruiting class , but three players who have expressed interest in Kentucky and are still undecided -- DeAndre Daniels , Tony Woods and Ryan Harrow -- are still waiting to make a final decision . Regardless , Kentucky now knows generally what the roster will look like for next year , and FortyYearCatFan has laid it out in this FanPost .
The question we will be examining today is , where is Kentucky 's sweet spot , vis-a-vis scholarships , under John Calipari ?
Only one of the last two years did Kentucky have a full compliment of scholarships , and that was in Coach Cal 's first year . Last year , Kentucky got by with 10 players , only six of whom played for 10 minutes per game or more , and those six players averaged over 31 minutes per game between them .
The previous year , Calipari spread the minutes out much more , with nine players averaging 10 minutes or more , and his top six players averaging just over 26.5 minutes per game .
The current roster contains 12 players including two potential walk-ons -- Jarrod Polson and Twany Beckham -- so Kentucky could make room for as many as three more players , although that seems unlikely to happen .
When you look at how Calipari plays his reserves and at the relative talent+experience level of the previous two teams , the 2011-12 team seems to represent the `` sweet spot '' for Kentucky . There are enough talented players to see significant minutes well past the top six , and the backups would appear to be either good enough or experienced enough to earn around 10 minutes per game this coming season .
I think this is why many recruits are looking elsewhere at this point . Kentucky does not generally involve itself with recruits below the Rivals 5 * level very much . Kentucky has recruited some lower ranked players under Calipari -- Stacey Poole , Eloy Vargas and Marcus Thornton come immediately to mind -- but for the most part , UK is attempting to bring in as many top 25 players as possible .
I think the sweet spot for Kentucky under coach Calipari will be 10-11 scholarship players with a walk-on or two who can earn a scholarship . Calipari has shown relatively small interest in recruiting four-year players , which is where all but the highest 4-star players will wind up .
The new NBA collective bargaining agreement might change that , but for the moment , it seems to me that getting more than 10 or 11 high-quality players on scholarship might be the exception rather than the rule at Kentucky . Also , given Calipari 's propensity so far to play only a limited rotation , it is entirely possible that better players will feel that they could wind up buried on the bench , much like Stacey Poole and Jon Hood .
In 1976 , AC/DC claimed the title of `` biggest balls of them all , '' but Billy 's Boudin & Cracklin might be able to claim the most recognizable balls of them all . `` And I 'm just itching to tell you about them , '' Billy says to me .
Billy 's pepper jack cheese-stuffed boudin balls . All photos by Denny Culbert .
I feel like there 's not a week that goes by without the appearance of Billy 's balls in my Instagram feed ; the constant exposure makes it hard to resist the urge to go buy a few myself . And most of the time , the photos are n't even labeled with a hashtag or a location to let you know they 're Billy's—they are just that unmistakable .
When I asked my friend Leah Graeff her thoughts on Billy 's , she told me `` Billy 's boudin balls remind me why I put things in my mouth . '' And when I inquired of Paul Kieu what emotions came to mind when eating a Billy 's boudin ball , his response was , `` Excitement . Then ecstasy . Then regret ... Then back to happiness . The good feelings end up permeating my body like the grease through the paper bag it came in . ''
Billy and Patsy Frey
The recipe for the thick layer of fried batter that encases the large , meaty , spicy boudin balls is a closely kept secret of the Frey family . Patsy and her husband Billy opened their first Billy 's store in Krotz Springs , Louisiana in 1995 . The shop started as a convenience store , but not long after opening , Billy Frey perfected his boudin and cracklin recipes to make some extra cash on the side .
With the help of his wife 's local Louisianan family , who are proficient in the art of home hog-butchering , preserving , and cooking , he was able to zero in on the perfect ratios of pork , liver , spices , green onion , and rice for his boudin . Each south Louisiana boudin-maker ( in the area known as Acadiana ) uses the same general ingredients , but each has come up with his own preferred flavor and texture combinations for the meat-and-rice mix that is stuffed in an edible casing , or fried or turned into any number of other creations . Billy 's did n't wait long after finalizing the boudin recipe to add their signature balls to their arsenal of Cajun treats .
From left to right : boudin roll-ups ( think boudin egg rolls ) , boudin links , and the famous boudin balls .
Two years after opening in Krotz Springs , they bought Ray 's , a small grocery store in Opelousas . They also bought Ray 's boudin recipe , described by Patsy as being `` less peppery and more rice '' than Billy 's . ( The Ray 's version is still served in the Opelousas location , but is not nearly as popular as Billy 's . )
Nearly 3,000 pounds worth of Billy 's recipe are made daily at the Opelousas location , and distributed to Krotz Springs and the newest Billy 's spot in Scott , Louisiana—the official Boudin Capital of the World . They will also ship their products frozen to anywhere . It 's sold in the form of links ( smoked or regular ) , fried balls , and roll-ups ( think boudin egg rolls ) . During Lent , they offer a crawfish boudin as well .
In the course of a year , the three stores sell somewhere around 1.7 million boudin balls—that 's split between regular and pepper jack cheese-stuffed . The gooey pepper jack-centered balls were invented at Billy 's store in Scott three years ago , by former employee Michelle Gonzalez . After that `` ah ha ! '' moment of stuffing their already-popular balls with cheese , Billy 's has continued to gain recognition from locals and travelers on I-10 , who are lured in by billboards promising the best balls in town .
Most roadside boudin joints sell their own versions of boudin balls , and some have even tried to imitate the pepper jack-stuffed version . Often times , the other 's balls are smooth , lightly breaded , fried spheres with a sort of chewy outer crust compared to the glorious , golden , crunchy , addiction-inducing orbs served at Billy 's . So it 's no surprise that boudin spies have popped up occasionally , asking one too many questions of Billy 's employees . Patsy told me that after it got `` busy , busy '' with employees being asked about how things were done in the Billy 's kitchen , a confidentiality agreement was implemented for all workers .
Even after 19 years of business , there are only four people who know the full Billy 's recipe . Amazingly , this business has n't made Patsy too paranoid—just thankful to be able to provide for her family . She wishes well to anyone wanting to try starting their own boudin place .
She does warn , though , that owning your own shop is n't easy . She must constantly check the quality of Billy 's products , using her palate 's long history with the freshest pork at family boucheries to guide her in tasting most of the batches of boudin coming out of the kitchen . And when it comes to the balls and cracklins , she can tell if any shortcuts were taken in the cooking process just by looking at them .
Patsy Frey reiterated many times throughout our talk about how humbled and blessed she is to have such success and support from the communities that support Billy 's . The Frey family is one truly blessed by boudin .
This post previously appeared on MUNCHIES in October 2014 .
A politician from UKIP is saying the Irish Government should foot the bill for Michaella McCollum Connolly 's prison transfer .
A politician from UKIP is saying the Irish Government should foot the bill for Michaella McCollum Connolly 's prison transfer .
Prison bosses are refusing to comment after Ukip Assemblyman David McNarry asked who will be meeting the cost of Dungannon drugs mule Michaella McCollum 's prison stay when she returns to Northern Ireland .
Mr McNarry said the Irish Government 's Department of Foreign Affairs had been instrumental in the transfer of the 21-year-old – who carries an Irish passport – and as such the matter of Northern Ireland footing the bill for those calling themselves Irish , and travelling on Republic of Ireland passports , should be reviewed .
A Northern Ireland Prison Service spokesperson told the Belfast Telegraph : `` We do n't normally comment on individual cases . All transfer requests are , however , dealt with as expeditiously as possible . ''
Mr McNarry was commenting after confirmation that she will serve the remainder of the six-year , eight-month sentence handed down last year in Peru in Northern Ireland .
That is likely to be at Ash House women 's unit at Hydebank Wood in south Belfast . It is expected the transfer could take a number of months to complete .
McCollum and her accomplice Melissa Reid , from Scotland , were jailed last year after they admitted trying to smuggle cocaine worth more than £1.5m from Peru to Spain .
They were caught with the haul hidden in food packaging during a luggage search at Lima Airport .
McCollum and Reid initially claimed they had been kidnapped at gunpoint and forced to carry the drugs , but later admitted the charges .
Earlier this week McCollum 's Belfast-based lawyer Kevin Winters said : `` Last week we received confirmation from the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs that the Peruvian authorities had accepted Michaella 's prison transfer request and in turn passed this to the UK National Offender Management Service .
Meanwhile , Mr McNarry said the prison switch raised questions , including who will be meeting the cost of her incarceration in Northern Ireland .
He said : `` No doubt Michaella 's parents are relieved that she is being transferred from Peru , as any parents would be .
`` But surely the issue of so-called 'dual nationality ' will be looked at by David Ford and the matter of Northern Ireland footing the bill for those calling themselves Irish , and travelling on Republic of Ireland passports , will be reviewed .
`` I would call for dual nationality to be scrapped , '' he added .
Belfast Telegraph
PRINCETON , N.J. , Dec. 15 ( UPI ) -- A U.S. geosciences professor says dinosaurs died gradually from climate change caused by volcanic eruptions in India and not because of a meteor strike .
Gerta Keller of Princeton University admits her theory contradicts the long-held hypothesis that dinosaurs died due to climate change after a giant meteor hit the Yucatan region of Mexico .
Keller bases her theory on her National Science Foundation-funded field work in India and Mexico that uncovered geologic evidence that the mass extinction and the meteor impact occurred at different times .
`` The Chicxulub impact hit the Yucatan about 300,000 years before the mass extinction that included the dinosaurs and , therefore , could not have caused it , '' Keller said .
Keller and her team instead found the mass extinction coincided with the end of the main phase of India 's Deccan eruptions , suggesting volcanism killed the dinosaurs .
Keller and her colleagues will present their findings during the December 2009 American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco . The work will also be included in an upcoming History Channel feature `` What Really Killed the Dinosaurs . ''
BBC Panorama to air episode about Mayor of Tower Hamlets on Monday
The Mayor , Lutfur Rahman , and his deputy , Cllr Ohid Ahmed Archant
EXCLUSIVE : The mayor of Tower Hamlets will be the subject of an episode of BBC Panorama on Monday that takes a critical look at his time in office .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The programme will air at prime time on BBC One and promises to stir up much controversy ahead of the Mayoral elections in May .
It follows a year-long investigation into Lutfur Rahman 's tenure as mayor since his election in 2010 , and focuses on the use of public funds , the state of democratic accountability , and the role of religion under his administration .
A statement from the BBC said : “ Up and down the country , directly-elected Mayors control billions of pounds of public funds . But can this lead to too much power being concentrated into the hands of one politician ?
“ John Ware investigates the directly-elected Mayor of Tower Hamlets in London – where opponents claim he 's used public funds both to promote himself and to create a local power base that , come election time this May , will help return him to office . ”
It continues : “ Panorama reveals evidence suggesting that , under the Mayoral system in Tower Hamlets , accountability and transparency have been put into reverse , with the Mayor refusing to answer opposition questions about spending decisions involving millions of pounds of public money - and also how he has injected faith into politics . ”
BBC Panorama will air on BBC One on Monday , 31 March , at 8.30pm .
In real estate terms , the Alberta government 's mothballed remand centre in downtown Edmonton is a stigmatized property — one that has sat mostly empty for three years come April .
With the prospects of finding new life for a building with a dark history and specialized construction no clearer than when it closed in April 2013 , calls are growing to demolish the old jail .
“ We 've taken a look at it for a couple of different things , and it is a very difficult building to repurpose , just because of the way it was built , ” Mayor Don Iveson said Friday .
“ Generally , I do n't like replacing buildings if they have useful life left in them , and structurally it 's got lots of life , but it 's really hard to imagine a good use for that building that does n't come with a ton of cost to repurpose and a lot of issues of trauma for people who 've been in that building previously . ”
Three years after prisoners moved to a high-tech replacement facility in suburban northwest Edmonton , the province still does not know what to do with the old centre .
“ Infrastructure is looking at options for future use , ” Aileen Machell , press secretary for Alberta Infrastructure Minister Brian Mason , said in an email .
“ No final decisions have been made ; however , the best interests of Albertans will guide decisions on the future of the property . ”
The Alberta government wants to off-load the building to the city .
“ We are talking with the City of Edmonton to see if they are interested in occupying the building . This could take the form of a lease or selling the building , ” Machell said .
But Iveson said the city wants no part of that plan .
“ We 've been asked at various times if we 'd like the building , even for a dollar , and I do n't think it 's worth that for the city . We 'll work with the province to see what their intentions are over time for it . ”
The 12-storey , 18,495-square-metre centre was built on 97 Street just north of 103A Avenue in 1979 . Since then , the neighbouring area has grown in prominence with development in the Quarters , the construction of the new Royal Alberta Museum and Rogers Place .
“ It 's a good site , ” Iveson said . “ It 's close to a lot of other important infrastructure and services so the opportunities for the site are probably greater than the opportunities for the building . ”
While tearing down the former remand centre might be the best option , Iveson does n't want the city paying .
“ I understand the demolition costs would be many , many millions of dollars so you get it and then knock it down , immediately you 're several million dollars in , and I do n't have several million dollars at the city to demolish provincial assets , ” Iveson said .
Jim Taylor , executive director of the Downtown Business Association , said builders and developers have told him the centre ca n't be converted into residential lofts because of its jailhouse windows and other structural issues . Its stigma as an old jail makes social-needs uses difficult .
“ I almost think that it 's time to seriously talk about that building going , ” Taylor said . “ That is an important piece of real estate as we go forward with the Quarters , redeveloping 97th Street and the link between the two Chinatowns .
“ Barring something else , I would n't mind seeing it go . ”
Buying the site at market value and tearing it down would be a huge expense for business so the province should consider selling it for a nominal price in exchange for a development to revitalize the downtown and stimulate the economy , Taylor said .
“ I think governments have a duty and a right to fire sale a building so it can be developed , as long as there 's an agreement with whoever gets it at a very minimal price , that it will be developed in quick succession , ” Taylor said .
He suggested a residential development would best replace the jail .
The remand centre has seen limited use since its closure , including Alberta Justice and the Solicitor General 's staff college training program and for the last two winters , the building 's gym has warmed homeless men as a 120-space overflow shelter for the Hope Mission .
When Edmonton police presented the option to city council last November of using the former jail to treat mental health patients , it sparked an outcry from social and health advocates . Police quickly withdrew the idea .
bmah @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/mahspace
Tomahawk missiles are highly accurate weapons . The modern version was first used by the United States in the 1991 Gulf War .
> > Read more trending news
Here 's what you need to know about Tomahawk missiles :
What are they ?
Tomahawk missiles are subsonic , jet engine-powered missiles . They fly low , about 100 feet off the ground .
Where are they launched from ?
Tomahawks can be launched from many surfaces , but the U.S. generally uses ships or submarines to launch the missiles .
How much do they cost ?
Each missile cost $ 1.41 million .
Who makes them ?
Raytheon Systems Company makes the Tomahawk Block IV .
How fast can they fly ?
The missiles travel at 550 miles per hour .
How big are they ?
The Tomahawk is a 20-foot-long missile , and weighs 2,900 pounds . It has a wingspan of eight feet , nine inches . It carries a 1,000-pound-class warhead .
How accurate are they ?
According to the Navy , they hit their target about 85 percent of the time .
How do they find their target ?
The missile uses a system called `` Terrain Contour Matching . '' An altimeter along with an inertia detector direct the Tomahawk along a flight path against a pre-loaded map of the terrain . They are unlike drones as they are not guided by pilots on the ground . According to Raytheon , “ The latest variant ( Tomahawk Block IV ) includes a two-way satellite data-link that enables the missile to be retargeted in flight to preprogrammed , alternate targets . The Block IV design was initiated as both a cost savings and a capability improvement effort . ”
Is the United States the only country with cruise missiles ?
No . More than 70 nations have cruise missiles .
Sources : The U.S. Navy ; Popular Science ; Raytheon
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - More than 25 European and Asian-owned supertankers are shipping Iranian oil , data seen by Reuters shows , allowing Tehran to ramp up exports much faster than analysts had expected following the lifting of sanctions in January .
An Iranian military fighter plane flies past an oil tanker during naval manoeuvres in the Gulf and Sea of Oman April 5 , 2006 . REUTERS/Fars News/File Photo
Iran was struggling as recently as April to find partners to ship its oil , but after an agreement on a temporary insurance fix more than a third of Iran 's crude shipments are now being handled by foreign vessels .
“ Charterers are buying cargo from Iran and the rest of the world is OK with that , ” said Odysseus Valatsas , chartering manager at Dynacom Tankers Management . Greek owner Dynacom has fixed three of its supertankers to carry Iranian crude .
Some international shipowners remain reluctant to handle Iranian oil , however , due mainly to some U.S. restrictions on Tehran that remain and prohibit any trade in dollars or the involvement of U.S. firms , including banks and reinsurers .
Iran is seeking to make up for lost trade following the lifting of sanctions imposed in 2011 and 2012 over its nuclear programme .
Port loading data seen by Reuters , as well as live shipping data , shows at least 26 foreign tankers with capacity to carry more than 25 million barrels of light and heavy crude oil , as well as fuel oil , have either loaded crude or fuel oil in the last two weeks or are about load at Iran 's Kharg Island and Bandar Mahshahr terminals .
The resumption of international shipping of Iranian oil has been made possible by an increase in interim , limited , insurance cover by “ P & I clubs ” - maritime mutual associations that provide “ protection and indemnity ” insurance to shippers .
The International Group of P & I Clubs , which represents the world 's top 13 ship insurers , increased the amount covered by so-called “ fall-back ” shipping insurance from 70 million to 100 million euros ( $ 113.36 million ) in April .
“ In the first days after lifting sanctions only Iranian ships were loaded in the country , mainly due to several problems in finding insurance/reinsurance , ” said Luigi Bruzzone of ship broker Banchero Costa .
“ The strong interest of the market in these trades pushed all the stakeholders to solve all the problems ... and almost all P & I Clubs have granted their insurance . ”
INSURANCE RISK ?
The “ fall-back ” cover is designed to offset any shortfall in payments from U.S. reinsurers , who are still not allowed to deal with Iran .
“ We are not surprised to see the increase in Iranian cargoes given the progress made by the P & I clubs and obviously the increase in Iranian production , ” said Brian Gallagher , head of investor relations at leading Belgian tanker owner Euronav , which itself is not involved in Iran yet .
“ We 're interested in such trade ... ( but ) it will still take time for Iran to be fully integrated as there remain restrictions around dollar denominated transactions . ”
Indeed , while the partial lifting of sanctions means foreign tankers can now transport Iranian oil , risks remain because large accidents might not be fully covered .
As a result , insurers say many first-tier oil shippers , many of them publicly listed such as Euronav , Teekay Group or Frontline , still shy away from carrying Iranian oil .
If the fall-back cover is exhausted in an incident , Andrew Bardot , executive officer at the International Group of P & I Clubs , said that costs like “ collision and cargo liabilities , will not be covered , and will remain with the shipowner ” .
A single Very Large Crude Carrier ( VLCC ) supertanker costs around $ 90 million , and the costs of a large oil spill can reach into the billions of dollars .
“ The limitations of the ‘ fall-back ' cover - together with other continuing restrictions , for example those relating to the U.S. dollar and use of the U.S. financial system - however have discouraged a number of shipowners , and in particular the large shipping groups , from resuming trade with Iran in which they were previously engaged , ” said Bardot .
NEAR PRE-SANCTIONS LEVELS
With international vessels supporting Iran 's own tanker fleet , traders said that its oil exports was now close to pre-sanction levels of around 2.5 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
“ Iran has ramped up harder and faster than expected , ” Citi analysts said .
Traders said that if Iran was close to capacity , it might not be able to offset supply disruptions that have occurred in other regions recently - including Nigeria or Libya - and which have already helped tighten the market and pushed oil prices to around $ 50 per barrel . [ O/R ]
Iran 's oil exports were between 2.1 and 2.3 million bpd in April and May , up from 1.3 million bpd a year ago , when Iran was shut out of the European market and dependent on limited shipments to Asian buyers .
Asia is the main destination for crude shipped by foreign vessels , with India , China and Japan the biggest takers , but at least four international tankers are also heading for Europe .
India , in particular , is taking a lead role as its demand soars and refiners such as Essar Oil , Reliance Energy , Hindustan Petroleum Corp , and Bharat Petroleum Corp enjoy good ties with Iran .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
The non-Iranian companies currently chartered to carry its oil include Chinese state controlled shipper China Shipping Development , PetroVietnam and Japan 's Idemitsu Kosan .
Greek , Turkish and Seychelles-owned tankers are also shipping Iranian crude .
( $ 1 = 0.8821 euros )
If there is one message that unifies critics of Israel and advocates for Palestinian rights , it is “ End the Occupation. ” As with many unifying messages , however , it is successful partly because of its ambiguity . What land and which people are occupied ? And what are the terms under which the “ occupation ” will be ended .
The ambiguity allows groups as disparate as Hamas and J Street to chant the phrase with very different images in mind . Hamas and other anti-Zionists argue that all of the land defined by the British Mandate of Palestine is occupied territory , while J Streeters and other “ soft ” Zionists commonly refer only to Israel 's 1967 territorial conquests as “ occupied . ”
The dividing line between these two views has been articulated By Naomi Wimborne-Idrissi of JBIG ( Jews Boycotting Israeli Goods ) :
…there are many people within the movement who share the opinion – which is general throughout the West – that Israel needs to exist as a Jewish state , should exist as a Jewish state . And there are many Jews and others in the movement who do n't want to criticize that fundamental fact . [ i ]
Wimborne-Idrissi is undoubtedly correct in her assessment : public opinion in the West generally supports what is called “ Israel 's right to exist as a Jewish state. ” [ ii ] However , most Palestinians fail to understand why this “ right ” should trump their rights and why Palestinians should be made to pay for its exercise with expulsion from their homes .
Indeed , they may be forgiven for doubting the sincerity of people that claim to advocate for justice on their behalf but fail to defend their right to return to their homes . On the one hand , these “ defenders ” of Palestinian human rights claim to oppose Israel 's expulsion of Palestinians , both inside the internationally recognized borders of Israel and in other areas under Israeli control . On the other hand , these same champions of Palestinians will not lift a finger to correct and defend against the more massive ethnic cleansing that occurred in 1948 . It is as if 1967 is the dividing line between which criminal activity must be accepted and which must be resisted .
Do such persons really oppose ethnic cleansing as a matter of principle or merely as it suits their whim ? The passage of time does not appear to be an issue . If 1948 seems like a long time ago , let us remember that there is no statute of limitations on such matters , as the prosecution of Nazi war criminals from an even earlier era illustrates .
J Streeters and other “ soft ” Zionists may appear to be allies of Palestinians , but they are not . Their overwhelming consideration is to create and maintain a Jewish state , and to mould it into their image of a liberal democracy that they can feel proud of . Palestinian rights and welfare are entirely subsidiary to that objective .
This explains why J Streeters defend Israel 's “ right to exist , ” i.e . the ethnic cleansing of 1948 . They may not like ethnic cleansing , but it was necessary for the creation of a Jewish state , which has a higher order of priority . On the other hand , they see the current ethnic cleansing policies of the state of Israel as corrosive to the kind of state they would like to have . This is why they want to “ end the occupation. ” Look what it is doing to Israeli youth ! Look at how it is driving Israel into the hands of “ extremists . ”
Let us therefore be clear . We are dealing with people whose opposition to ethnic cleansing is not very firm and whose primary interest in “ ending the occupation ” is to do what is good for Israel , not for humanity and least of all for Palestinians . [ iii ]
Indeed , one wonders why these advocates for Israel oppose a massive expulsion of the remaining Palestinians in all of the land held by Israel . Expulsion is clearly not a “ red line ” for them , and it is an expedient method of “ ending the occupation. ” I suspect that they harbor a nagging guilt for the theft and massacres of 1948 , but not enough to want to give up the stolen property . Rather , they hope to expiate their guilt by returning a portion of the territories seized in 1967 for the purpose of creating Palestinian Bantustans . ( The South African Bantustans served a similar purpose of assuaging the guilt of white supremacists . )
Regardless of the hypocritical games that Jewish supremacists in the movement play amongst themselves , Palestinians and human rights advocates must not be lured into false partnerships with them just because we share some of the same immediate tactics and objectives , such as stopping the growth of Jewish settlements , boycott of ( some ) Israeli products and institutions , an end to land confiscations , etc . Rather , we must expose the racist foundations and objectives of these ethically inconsistent elements within “ the movement , ” and avoid alliances with them .
Currently , I fear that we may be doing the opposite , i.e . allowing the “ end the occupation ” movement to be driven by the interests of people whose agenda requires Palestinians to give up inalienable rights and which rewards those who take those rights away from them . [ iv ] It is not in the interest of Palestinians and principled human rights advocates to make common cause with such morally compromised persons .
Dr. Paul Larudee is a human rights advocate and one of the co-founders of the movement to break the siege of Gaza by sea . He was deported from India on 31st December , 2012 .
We fully expected craziness from the latest episode of `` Celebrity Wife Swap . '' We did n't expect that one of the `` wives '' -- Coolio 's girlfriend , Mimi -- would swap herself out of Coolio 's life six weeks after the show taped .
Not that we did n't see the signs when Mark McGrath , his wife Carin , and their two-year-old twins switched households with Coolio , Mimi ( who does eeeeverything around their house ) , and her three kids . Mimi did have a bit of trouble adjusting to the McGrath household -- Mark , a classic `` helicopter dad , '' catered to the twins ' every need and hovered while she dressed the kids .
But over at the Cooliohaus , we saw Carin struggling with the insane demands on Mimi , including scrubbing toilets and floors while Coolio snored away in bed ... and when Mimi informed Coolio at the post-swap summit , `` Our relationship sucks , it really does , '' we had to agree with her . Mark might hover , she pointed out , but Mark is there ; Mark is around ; Mark is involved . More to the point , Mark acknowledged how much Mimi takes on with two jobs , three kids , and no help .
Coolio copped to his selfishness ... but too late . A chyron at the end of the episode informed viewers that Mimi had taken the kids and moved out . ( And started school , because she 's awesome . )
There was more craziness before that , too ; below , a rundown of the 10 nuttiest moments ( and our pitch to give Mimi her own show ) .
[ Related : Mark McGrath was 'very impressed by ' Mimi ]
1 . The McGraths ' boy twin , Lydon , wo n't go to sleep without Mark , so Mark and Carin had been sleeping in separate bedrooms for five months .
2 . Mimi told Mark that she works as an exotic dancer in Vegas , and he seemed excited about the common ground : `` I 've probably done business with you ! '' Not only that , he said it in front of Carin 's father-in-law , who lives with them .
3 . Even the voice-over thought Coolio was too lazy . As viewers watched Carin get the kids ready for school on 2.5 hours of sleep , the V.O . sarcastically observed that Coolio was still in bed `` despite having 'only ' 10 hours of sleep . '' Hilarious ! …Well , not for Carin . Or Mimi . Things did n't seem likely to improve given Coolio 's , um , `` vintage '' attitudes about homemaking . He toodled off to play golf while spouting sexist clichés like `` a woman 's work is never done '' and saying he did n't feel bad that Carin spent the day doing chores on no sleep .
4 . Mimi nicely whispered to Lydon to wait a minute before banging on a xylophone , and when Lydon obeyed her , Mark acted like she 'd just split the atom : `` Does that work ? ! ''
5 . Mark violated the no-hovering rule repeatedly and had to have a timeout in a tiny yellow chair , while wearing a sparkly propeller beanie .
6 . Carin made lunch for Coolio and tried to get to know him , and if she had hung in with it a little longer -- or if he had -- she might have broken through . Coolio admitted to being a `` mama 's boy '' and said he did n't know his father well , because Dad spent most of Coolio 's childhood in the penitentiary . But soon he shies away from the topic , calling Carin confrontational and leaving the table . It 's not an excuse for his standoffish behavior , but it explains a lot about his reluctance to bond with the kids ( and about Carin 's savvy in spotting it ) .
[ Related : 8 funniest moments from the Kendra/Kate 'Celebrity Wife Swap ' episode ]
7 . Carin did get him to consent to join a family ice-skating outing . He complained endlessly about it and called it `` a Caucasian sport , '' but once he had some pads on , he had a good time .
8 . Mark dreaded obeying Mimi 's rule about putting Lydon to sleep , alone , in his own bed . We do n't blame Mark ; sleep-training is a notorious nightmare . Imagine our surprise -- and our attempts to figure out how long it really took sans editing -- when Mimi stuck the landing in , no joke , three minutes . On the other hand , Mimi obviously does n't mess around . Maybe she really did break the kid of a bad habit that quickly .
9 . At the summit , Carin was a little defensive about not letting her kids grow up , but quickly got over it . Mimi , meanwhile , was just plain over it -- with Coolio , thanks to seeing how present and involved Mark was with his family . Coolio tried to act hard , but soon admits straight out that he 'd `` been slacking , straight up , '' and that he got stuck in single-man , `` selfish '' mode . Great , there 's hope !
Not many simulation games from the 80s earn their genre 's moniker like Big Rig . The creator , Bill Pogue , must have had a thing for freight trucking when he set out to recreate an accurate cross-country cargo trip . For goodness 's sake , this is a text-based driving sim that keeps track of the weight of your fuel . To the game 's detriment , all that engaging detail reminds you how monotonous the subject matter is .
As the name implies , Big Rig is a realistic freight trucker simulation . Players have to get from Los Angeles to New York with a truck full of cargo while staying within the boundaries of laws and safety . The game offers a few options for your trip , letting you choose your type of cargo ( expensive goods need to make it to their destination more quickly ) and your route . Each of the three paths others a different combination of challenges , including the length of the trip , the fees from toll booths , and the risk of danger . As long as you end up with $ 1,000 in profits , you win .
The game throws in an impressive level of detail , even if most of it happens behind-the-scenes . Unlike a game like Gran Turismo that tracks a billion little variables , Big Rig looks at the parts of the big picture that often get overlooked , such as accurate gas mileage based on your truck 's weight . Your character tires out and occasionally needs sleep , which can be interrupted by noise if they take naps earlier in the day . Road construction reduces the speed limit . Your speedometer will vary by a few MPH and might mislead you into a speeding ticket . The list goes on . Pogue 's attention to minutiae pays off , and the journey feels authentic .
This also means the simulation is kinda boring . That 's an extension of the game 's commitment to realism . The player 's input boils down to deciding how fast to drive each hour . Rest stops will occasionally pop up , giving you a chance to buy fuel or take a nap . Apart from that , the game handles everything . If a storm is coming , for instance , a little text blurb will alert you and encourage you to slow down . But you do n't really have to do anything else . Being a trucker is boring . Big Rig admits this : after a few hundred miles , the driver 's status will change to “ b o r e d. ” When you 're alone on the road for a week , there are no activities to liven things up .
Still , it 's easy to get wrapped up in the trip . Much of the game is driven by circumstance and freak occurrence , so of course you ca n't resist pressing your luck . When you 're pushing the limits of the law , even the weigh-in checkpoints are oddly exciting . During the opening stretch , Big Rig offers some of the fun and adventure of driving a convoy , but the novelty wears out towards the halfway point of any given trip . You can imagine that many real truck drivers feel the same way .
Trivia !
Big Rig is a souped-up version of Trucker , a BASIC game by Hughes Glantzberg . Pogue modified Glantzberg 's game at about age 14 ; he fixed bugs , added minor randomization , and put his own spin on the game 's presentation .
Pittsburgh Penguins forward Evgeni Malkin has won the Kharlamov Trophy for being the best Russian hockey player in 2017 . It is Malkin 's second time winning the award .
Congratulations to Evgeni Malkin for winning the 2017 Kharlamov Trophy ( most valuable Russian NHL player ) . : Malkin 's Instagram pic.twitter.com/7gw9ZrzIlf — Pittsburgh Penguins ( @ penguins ) August 14 , 2017
Malkin was a key player in the Penguins ' run to a second straight Stanley Cup this past season . With 33 goals and 72 points , he was second to only Sidney Crosby in regular-season scoring on the team .
Injuries limited Malkin to only 62 games in 2016-17 but his 1.16 points per game led all Russian NHL skaters .
In the playoffs , Malkin led all players with 28 points , including 10 goals . He finished second behind Crosby in votes for the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP .
Malkin last won the Kharlamov Trophy in 2012 . Past winners include Alex Ovechkin , Pavel Datsyuk and Artemi Panarin .
Supporters of Lebanon 's resigned prime minister Saad Hariri hold up placards demanding his return from Saudi Arabia on the starting line of Beirut 's annual marathon on November 12 , 2017 ( AFP Photo/ANWAR AMRO )
Beirut ( AFP ) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , who has not returned to Beirut since his surprise resignation two weeks ago , will be home for Independence Day on Wednesday , the president 's office said .
Hariri telephoned President Michel Aoun after arriving in France from Saudi Arabia on Saturday morning , the presidency said in a statement .
`` PM Hariri told the president that he would be in Lebanon to take part in Independence Day celebrations , especially the military parade marking the occasion , on Wednesday , '' it said .
Hariri flew to Paris at the invitation of France 's President Emmanuel Macron , who is attempting to broker a solution to a political crisis that has raised fears for Lebanon 's fragile democracy .
Hariri , a dual Saudi citizen who has previously enjoyed Riyadh 's backing , announced his resignation on November 4 in a televised address from the kingdom .
He said he feared for his life and accused Iran and its powerful Lebanese ally Hezbollah of destabilising the country .
The shock announcement sparked fears that Lebanon was being caught up in rising tensions between regional arch rivals , Saudi Arabia and Iran .
Hariri 's failure to return from Saudi Arabia only added to the concerns , prompting claims he was being held hostage .
Aoun has refused to accept Hariri 's resignation from abroad , insisting he return home to confirm it or withdraw it .
by Michael W. Taft
In the context of American spiritual practice nondual traditions and mindfulness traditions appear to be in sharp contrast . Nonduality is often associated with the “ doing nothing ” schools of meditation , and mindfulness meditation is often very effortful . Mindfulness meditation masters in the States commonly refuse to even discuss enlightenment , whereas nondual teachers never stop talking about how we 're already enlightened .
At the extremes , these two traditions can become very critical of each other . Some nondualists think that mindfulness meditators are caught in the trap of working hard to get somewhere , and end up just building a meditator ego to replace their everyday ego . Some mindfulness practitioners think that nondualists are just playing a recursive word game ( “ Who is playing a word game ? ” ) and narcissistically kidding themselves about how enlightened they are , while complacently denying their own foibles .
It 's a shame that these two wisdom traditions—especially in their American expressions—are antagonistic to each other . Really they just represent the two ends of a spectrum of theories about the same idea—the idea of how to awaken to real freedom . It 's a shame , because in my opinion most nondualists ( especially neo-advaitins ) could use a little more of the mindfulness attitude , and most mindfulness practitioners could use a little more of nondual outlook . Working together they could , like peanut butter and chocolate , form something much more excellent than either on their own . Something we might call Nondual Mindfulness , or Practical Advaita .
Does Advaita Preclude Practices ?
Nonduality or advaita ( which includes most of Madhyamika Buddhist and Hindu Tantra philosophy , too ) holds that we are already completely , perfectly enlightened . Many traditional schools of nondualism stress , however , that we need to do some practice to reveal this true nature to ourselves . We have blinders on , and can not see our own enlightenment , and a practice ( which there are many types of ) will remove the blinders and allow our inherent liberation to naturally shine forth . It 's like the practice blows the clouds away and suddenly we can see the sun and sky , which were already and always there .
But , due to accidents of history , American nonduality , or what is called “ neo-advaita , ” took the more radical viewpoint that no practices are necessary to uncover our deepest wisdom . In this viewpoint , practices are actually counter-productive because they are emphasizing the untrue concept that the ego needs to do something to get enlightened . That practice is needed to find awakening . In the neo-advaita view , the more you struggle to be free , the more you ignore your own complete freedom that is already there . The more you fight , the more you emphasize the ( unreal ) existence of the fighter , thus causing you to become more lost .
And that 's why neo-advaita is so inimical to any meditation technique at all , including mindfulness . Mindfulness practice , to a neo-advaitin , is just a lot of effort to convince yourself that you 're not already free . A big waste of time that leaves you worse off—even more mired in delusion—than you were before .
The trouble with this viewpoint is that it 's more of a philosophy than a practical application . You can think you 're free and let go of all ideas of non-freedom all you want , but at the end of the day , you may still not feel very free . For people suffering from real world problems like stress , anxiety , depression , drug addiction , relationship breakup , and a thousand other human catastrophes , being told “ not to hold on to those stories and just feel your inherent freedom ” can feel like an impossibly cynical mindfuck . It can make you feel inadequate or stupid , and does n't really help . Just like the New Age catch-22 of telling cancer victims that it 's their own fault , and that they just need to believe they are healed in order to effect a real cure ( thanks a lot ! ) , neo-advaitin sometimes people in situations of extreme suffering that it 's all their own fault — and not infrequently this oh-so-helpful message is imparted with an air of superiority and smugness .
On a deeper note , if you do begin to do the ( non-practice ) that neo-advaita prescribes , namely to realize that your thoughts and feelings are not your thoughts and feelings , it can lead to dissociation . Constantly denying your own body and mind has a cost , and some on the nondual path find themselves stuck in the trap of meaninglessness for many years , not realizing that they have been mired in identification with this self who “ does n't care . ”
The advaita view , while philosophically powerful , was not traditionally taught with no practices to go with it . For example in Soto Zen—which like most Buddhism philosophically agrees about the inherent awakening in each person , called the Buddha Nature—people are encouraged to do a practice called “ just sitting ” ( shikantaza ) . Just sitting is just sitting , a practice that is not a practice . Traditionally a monk or nun would do such a non-practice , however , for tens of thousands of hours in their lifetime . For a non-practice , that is an awful lot of practice , and it has a predictably powerful awakening effect .
Even the grand master of advaita , Ramana Maharshi , gave his students practices . While talking about how we are already enlightened , he taught people to meditate , chant mantras , do breathwork , and other effortful practices . If you read the detailed histories of his top students ( you can do so in the books by David Godman , a series called The Power of the Presence ) who were very highly respected , realized persons , he gave all but one of them such practices to do . And they practiced them with all their hearts , sometimes for decades . Ramana , in other words , understood the difference between the philosophy of advaita and its practice . ( Ironically , it was someone who met Ramana only once , named H. W. L. Poonja , who gave rise to the American school of radical non-practicing advaita . This was the one student he did n't give any practices to . )
Except in rare cases , it is necessary for a person to do meditation practices to remove their ignorance of their own awakening . Afterwards , from their enlightened perspective , they may see how ridiculous it all was , but they never would have seen that without having done these “ ridiculous ” practices .
Mindfulness has a lot to offer a nondual practitioner . For one thing , the practice of self-inquiry is a kind of mindfulness practice . Investigating the nature of the Self , asking yourself , “ Who am I ” and looking for the answer to that question can all be considered a kind of “ mindfulness of the Self. ” Most mindfulness practice as it is taught in America focuses on body sensations , but there is no reason that a practitioner can not use the same kind of focus on the sense of self and deconstructing that sense of self into its components . In more advanced mindfulness practice , this is exactly the point .
Does Mindfulness Practice Actually BLOCK Awakening ?
But advaita also has something very useful to contribute to mindfulness , because the advaita critique of mindfulness is legitimate and important . Again , it 's the idea that mindfulness strengthens the sense of being somebody ( you , the meditator ) doing something ( practicing meditation ) – a sense which , in the long run , is still an ego . Because mindfulness teachers very often talk about the practice as “ becoming a witness of experience , ” they are actually creating a safe haven for the ego , which can keep the person from realizing their fundamental awakening .
You only have to spend time around some of the more long-term mindfulness communities to see the result of this misstep in action . There are a large number of practitioners who have been diligently doing their mindfulness meditation for decades , and who seem to be stuck in a particular place . They have gotten an edge or a handle on life . They 're pretty good at coping with difficulties , and they are much less caught up in the madness of their egos than the average person on the street . All of which is excellent . But beyond this , they are in a cul-de-sac . Nothing has changed in their practice for years or even decades . They seem somewhat flat or depressed . They may even refuse to acknowledge that real awakening exists , and consider enlightenment to be a dirty word . ( Talk about missing the point . )
The diagnosis is clear : they have fallen into the “ Observer Trap. ” The prognosis is good , if they can learn how to meditate on the sense of self involved in doing the meditation itself and then deconstruct that . By turning the meditator itself into the object of meditation , they can experience the dissolution of the meditator ego , and touch real awakening . It 's really that simple , but you will find few mindfulness teachers who are aware of this solution , or even of the problem itself .
Although I do n't like to promote steps-and-stages models of awakening ( they 're always too reductive ) , I believe that mindfulness could be described as a two-step process . First , you become the witness of experience . Second , you realize that you are not that witness . Virtually all mindfulness in America only teaches you step one . Again , even step one is a big improvement over having no steps at all . However , if you are stuck in your practice , and you want to experience some of the deeper levels of awakening , then taking the second step is crucial .
There are several ways to take this step . The standard nondual method is to simply sit with no agenda . Notice that this is not “ not meditating , ” it 's meditating with no technique . ( The difference is crucial . ) Another advaita technique that is applicable is self-inquiry practice , in which you look for the person who is meditating . The method that fits best with mindfulness practice is slightly more effortful , however . It involves patiently deconstructing the sense of the meditating self . Noticing the thoughts of the meditator ( “ This is going well today. ” “ Am I doing this right ? ” etc . ) and the feelings of the meditator ( happy that it 's going well , frustrated that it 's not , etc. ) . You can read a more in-depth description of the practice here .
Get Clear : Nonduality and Mindfulness
Thus the outlook of mindfulness can contribute something useful to advaita , and the outlook of advaita can contribute something useful to mindfulness . In the end , all of these distinctions only matter if they help you to make progress in your practice to reveal your true awakening . Nondualist—ask yourself if you 're just kidding yourself about how much freedom you actually feel each day . There are ways to go deeper without getting trapped in grasping , striving , and comparison , and those ways involve dedicated practice . Mindfulness-folks—ask yourself whether you 've been stuck in basically the same place in your practice for a long time . There are ways to go deeper which involve deconstructing your practice itself . In both cases it will probably include a lot of discomfort at pushing yourself out of a comfortable resting place you 've found to camp out in . The peace , joy , and freedom you will find will be worth all the effort .
Michael W. Taft is the author of Nondualism : a Brief History of a Timeless Concept and The Mindful Geek .
“ Peace Goddess ” artwork by Shepard Fairey , photograph by brian donovan
Share this with a friend : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pinterest
I spoke with `` World Series of Fighting '' President Ray Sefo about an hour before the WSOF 2 media conference call yesterday and had a chance to get some one-on-one time with the K-1 kickboxing legend . We discussed a ton of topics , including the big show this weekend in New Jersey that features a heavyweight showdown between Andrei Arlovski and Anthony Johnson , but one of the biggest piece of news came out when we started to discuss the long-term plans of the company .
When asked about any plans for a WSOF title or Grand Prix tournament format for future shows , Sefo was quick to confirm that both of these things would occur :
`` That 's going to happen probably by our fourth event , we are going to look to put a belt on somebody . That being said , the Grand Prix thing ... it 's definitely going to happen . we originally the structure of WSOF was going to be tournament scenarios . Obviously it took longer than we expected to put things together , so the format changed , but that being said , the tournament format is still going to happen .... 100 % it wo n't happen this year , but next year , we are definitely going to look at doing something next year . ''
The most-probable weight class for this tournament will be either lightweight , welterweight , or middleweight to start with . Sefo also mentioned that the promotion might hold some events overseas :
`` There are a lot of exciting things happening coming forth for WSOF in the near future , not only here in the US but there are also a lot of talks that we are going to travel , going back and forth , travel the world next year and , you know , things in place for Brazil , Israel , Dubai , Australia , New Zealand , Japan ... obviously for us this year is to focus on our America market , establish the brand here and our guys , then next year look to move globally . ''
WSOF 2 is airing from Atlantic City , New Jersey , on March 23 , starting at 9:30 PM on NBC Sports .
Andrew Shaw has long been talked about more for the emotion he brings to the ice than for the play he creates on it .
When news broke of his trade to Montreal this off-season , his previous coach , Joel Quenneville mentioned missing Shaw 's versatility , that his “ intangibles jump off the page. ” Even before the trade , at the end of Chicago 's playoff run last season , Quenneville called Andrew Shaw an “ irreplaceable ” player , citing “ his competitiveness , his willingness to find the dirty areas ” and “ the feistiness [ ... ] he brings to every game. ” Shaw 's former teammate , Jonathan Toews , made sure to mention Shaw 's “ great presence in the room , ” as well as his “ energy , “ always excited to be at the rink . ”
Marc Bergevin , for his part , was looking for a certain type of player . It 's no secret the Habs ' general manager is a fan of intangibles like character and chemistry . It 's also no secret as well that championships are not won with intangibles alone . As with most things , there needs to be a balance ; in this case , Bergevin was looking for a balance between what Shaw could bring to his team both as a teammate and as a player .
On the ice , Shaw has come as advertised . His CF % at even strength has remained consistent throughout his career , never dropping below 51.4 ( 2015-16 ) and sitting at a excellent 54.84 % through 52 games with the Canadiens this season , good for first overall on the team among all regular players .
His CF % rel , also at even strength , has shown a reasonably steady incline throughout his career and is currently sitting at 3.7 with the Habs , ranking him first on the team by that metric among all Canadiens forwards .
And , for what it 's worth , after all the talk this season about how the Canadiens have struggled in the faceoff dot , Shaw has won 55.1 % of faceoffs taken , the best on the team of anyone with more than 10 faceoffs . His points per 60 looks reasonable considering his deployment , at 1.42 .
We all started this season with a preconceived notion of Shaw . Not only was he coming off last post-season 's events , he was given a big contract right out of the gate and he started the pre-season with a full head of steam .
We hear often how the energy of the Bell Centre can pump a player up and give him an extra bounce in his skating stride . Players feed off that energy in different ways and for a player known to be working on controlling himself and his emotions on the ice , the hockey-crazed atmosphere in which the Montreal Canadiens spend half their season presents a unique challenge .
Shaw began his career as a Canadien by taking a pre-season suspension . There was much hand-wringing and worrying that this would be a trend . As the season began , Shaw reportedly had a conversation with Stephane Quintal , an “ educational meeting ” presumably designed to help the young forward learn to toe the line more effectively .
It worked . For the first few weeks of the 2016-17 season , we watched a tentative Andrew Shaw try to find his footing in the bright spotlight in Montreal . And we wanted more . We wanted what we had seen Shaw accomplish in Chicago . We wanted him to be the effective pest we know he can be . For all the dread the phrase invokes , with his high energy and fearlessness , Shaw can be a useful piece in making the Canadiens tough to play against .
Since Claude Julien 's return , Shaw seems to have found himself a permanent home next to Tomas Plekanec and the match seems to be a good one . Shaw has been relentless on the puck , using his speed and his edge in positive ways . He was one of only four goal scorers for the Canadiens in the month of February .
Andrew Shaw 's job is to walk a fine line . Be aggressive but not too aggressive .
Be emotional but not too emotional .
He 's still searching to find that balance in the pressure-cooker of hockey-focused market with a “ win now ” mentality , more often than not finding the right side of that edge these days . Of course Shaw is on the radar of every NHL ref . He will almost never get the benefit of the doubt when a call could go either way . But the optics of smashing his stick in frustration or taking an untimely penalty or two can make us overlook the valuable contributions he brings to this hockey club on a nightly basis .
Last month , Noisey writer Ryan Bassil protested that Kendrick Lamar needs to start playing his latest record , To Pimp a Butterfly , more in his live sets , after a summer full of shows that relied mostly on past bangers from good kid , m.A.A.d city . Whether he heard us , or , more likely , just already had loads of long term plans around that idea himself , things have changed in these last few months , with the announcement of his Kunta Groove Sessions tour and numerous TPAB orientated shows .
Last night at The Kennedy Center in Washington D.C. he delivered a super special one-off performance alongside the National Symphony Orchestra of America , conducted by Steven Reineke , who had previously done similar work with Nas . Super special was our best attempt to summarise what happened in very few words , but let 's be honest , you just need to watch this , immediately .
Chew on orchestra performances of `` These Walls '' , `` i '' , `` King Kunta '' and `` Alright '' below .
On February 4 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the surprise keynote speaker for the 58th annual National Prayer Breakfast . The Breakfast is the one public event organized by the secretive Washington network , the Family , a group of elite fundamentalists who minister to DC 's powerful and wealthy who are seen as the divinely “ elect , ” chosen for leadership by God . With the Family in the news this past year due to the string of sex scandals at its “ C Street ” house for members of Congress—and later for the role it seems to have played in shaping the draconian anti-gay law introduced in Uganda last year—the speech by Clinton , sandwiched between Family head Doug Coe 's introduction and the traditional presidential address by Barack Obama , was an interesting coda to her strange status as a longtime “ friend ” of the Family .
Although much of the media coverage focused on Clinton 's and then President Obama 's condemnations of the anti-gay bill ( leading religion scholar Mark Silk to suggest that Clinton 's role was damage control as the Family struggles to make the Uganda bill “ go away ” ) Clinton 's speech also underscored the Family 's influence in pushing her stance on reproductive freedom rightward .
In her address , Clinton sentimentally recalled meeting Mother Teresa at the 1994 National Prayer Breakfast . Mother Teresa had used her platform as guest speaker to chastise the Clintons ( standing right beside her , smiles stretched to the breaking point ) for their nominal support of abortion rights . “ Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love , but to use any violence to get what they want , ” Mother Teresa said , and went on to suggest adoption be promoted as an alternative to abortion . “ Please do n't kill the child . I want the child . Please give me the child . ”
Mother Teresa 's pro-life fans swooned , with many giving the nun a standing ovation . The Clintons remained seated , yet both—particularly the ever-politic Hillary—understood how behind-the-scenes power politics work within the Christian Right , and responded to the rebuke by finding “ common ground ” with the nun . Although Clinton did n't mention this in her public reminiscence last week , after C-Span stopped taping and the breakfast plates were cleared , Fellowship head Doug Coe gently brokered a peace between Hillary and Mother Teresa .
Coe left the Breakfast with one of the most powerful women in America in his debt for political services rendered . And Mother Teresa had the satisfaction of watching Hillary 's support for abortion as a fundamental right give way to an acceptance of it as a “ tragedy ” —one that should be made as “ rare ” as possible . In the long run , Hillary turned a public scolding into a highly visible friendship with a figure whose widely accepted moral bona fides came with an explicitly anti-abortion imprimatur from the Christian Right .
Clearing the Way for a Rejection of Reproductive Rights
In Clinton 's reflections at the breakfast last week—a reprise of her description of the event in her autobiography Living History—she painted a softer picture of the tense moment :
In February of 1994 , the speaker here was Mother Teresa . She gave , as everyone who remembers that occasion will certainly recall , a strong address against abortion . And then she asked to see me . And I thought , “ Oh , dear. ” ( Laughter . ) And after the breakfast , we went behind that curtain and we sat on folding chairs , and I remember being struck by how small she was and how powerful her hands were , despite her size , and that she was wearing sandals in February in Washington . ( Laughter . ) We began to talk , and she told me that she knew that we had a shared conviction about adoption being vastly better as a choice for unplanned or unwanted babies . And she asked me—or more properly , she directed me—to work with her to create a home for such babies here in Washington . I know that we often picture , as we 're growing up , God as a man with a white beard . But that day , I felt like I had been ordered , and that the message was coming not just through this diminutive woman but from someplace far beyond .
After the breakfast , Emily Belz , a reporter for the evangelical magazine World , grew curious about what ever happened to the “ home for babies ” and the adoption plans Clinton described . Belz found that it had closed years ago , and that the nuns who 'd staffed it would n't talk to the press .
According to a pastor at the church next door to the home 's former location , the adoption ministry failed to take off because the Roman Catholic nuns who ran it were n't allowed to care for babies without medical personnel on site . “ I 'm not sure the legal thing that came down upon them , but they realized they needed to expend their energies in another way , ” said Maureen Freshour , who along with her husband , David , pastors Chevy Chase Baptist Church and lives nearby . Freshour has stayed in touch with the nuns from the Missionaries of Charity order who ran the home and said that the remaining three or four sisters have moved to another house in Washington , where they are ministering to the homeless . I called the Missionaries of Charity in Washington , a worldwide Roman Catholic order established by Mother Teresa . The nun who answered the phone said she could n't give her name because they are n't allowed to talk to the press . She did say , however , that the sisters who are in the order now were not in the order when the adoption home opened , so she was n't sure why it closed . She added that the order sold the Chevy Chase house in 2002 . “ We work with the poor and we did n't have any work there because it 's a rich neighborhood , ” she said .
For our 2007 investigative report in Mother Jones on Clinton 's conservative alliances and her connection with the Family , we also explored what became of the Mother Teresa Home for Infant Children , and encountered similar obstacles . Although Belz was concerned about whether the home was used for its intended purpose , there is another takeaway from Clinton 's continuing emphasis on the story : what it reveals about Clinton 's pioneering “ common ground ” efforts on abortion . From a face-saving partnership with the beloved pro-life figure of Mother Teresa , Clinton continued to declare all abortions “ tragic , ” align herself with stringently anti-abortion and other conservative actors , and serve as the model for a generation of Democratic politicians eager to disown any affiliation with reproductive rights .
In delving into Clinton 's religious history , we studied her relationships with a number of spiritual mentors , including Tikkun 's Michael Lerner , who was soon replaced by “ sacred psychologist ” Jean Houston , who famously helped the First Lady get in touch with the ghost of Eleanor Roosevelt . Later , after Mother Teresa died , Clinton invoked the spirit of the nun as her guiding light so religiously that one might be excused for wondering whether she meant it more than metaphorically .
Mother Teresa , after all , was the catalyst for the strange religion by which Clinton came to be friends with far-right Senator Sam Brownback . ( Watching Clinton suffer the upbraiding with a smile , former Clinton-foe Brownback recalled his thoughts to Jeff : “ Now , there 's got ta be a great lesson here. ” He found it when Clinton got to the Senate and joined him in supporting Tom DeLay 's “ Day of Reconciliation ” resolution following the 2000 election , urging Americans to “ pray for our leaders , ” especially Bush . )
The Empty Orphanage
After Clinton bowed to Mother Teresa 's reproof from the dais , she gained some bipartisan credibility . Mother Teresa got something out of the deal as well : a now-empty building that could serve as a brick and mortar symbol for faith-trading politics . After the 1994 Breakfast , Mother Teresa insisted Clinton prove her dedication to abortion alternatives by setting up an orphanage for the nun in Washington DC . In her autobiography , Clinton writes that Mother Teresa was a “ relentless lobbyist , ” pushing Hillary to follow through on her promise to get Mother Teresa “ her center for babies . ”
This was “ no small feat , ” as Belz notes , “ in a city that was known then for its inefficient and corrupt bureaucracy. ” But as Clinton describes in Living History , she put the muscle of the White House behind the initiative , “ cutting red tape with the housing authorities and human services officials. ” The Mother Teresa Home for Infant Children opened in 1995 . On opening day , writes Clinton , Mother Teresa “ gripped my arm in her small , strong hand and dragged me upstairs to see the freshly painted nursery and rows of bassinets waiting to be filled with infants . Her enthusiasm was irresistible . By then I fully understood how this humble nun could move nations to her will . ”
Now , the building that had housed the orphanage ( on Western Avenue in the affluent neighborhood of Chevy Chase , in DC ) has no more bassinets . In fact , when we reported on the house in 2006 , it was for sale : a $ 3 million Tudor mansion being advertised as an ideal embassy location in one the most affluent neighborhoods in the country , home to a host of foreign military commissions and attachés .
Several houses down from the now-empty “ center for babies , ” at the Chevy Chase Baptist Church , an administrator told us that the organization had relocated to DC proper . Glancing at Kathryn 's stomach and assuming the worst , she warned us that the organization “ no longer cares for infants . ”
At the Washington location , next to a hospital and opposite a Catholic school , we found a two-story brownstone with a sign outside reading “ Missionaries of Charity ” : the name of Mother Teresa 's 4,500-strong Vatican order . The missionaries have been the target of ongoing accusations from former volunteers and employees who charge that many of the charity donations sustaining the reportedly $ 100 million operation are funneled away from their intended—and often specified—destinations . Instead , they claim that donations finance evangelism programs or lavish headquarters , and that the operating principle of Missionaries of Charity chapters is to place the “ spiritual well-being ” of poor patients above their physical condition , secretly baptizing dying patients while refusing to use their abundant financial resources to deliver life-saving medical treatment .
We wanted to ask Teresa 's organization why they 'd flipped the property , and whether they 'd ever had the proper medical facilities in place for an orphanage . But when we knocked on the door to the DC Missionaries of Charity , no one answered . And when we called , a volunteer upstairs told us , in a soft but unbudging voice , that she could not come down to let us in ; that she could not answer any questions about how the Home for Infants had become a Missionaries of Charity chapter ; that they had no literature to give us , nor any representative we could contact later ; that they were a charity yes , but she could n't tell us in what way ; and that , lastly , she had to hang up now . Clinton 's office would prove no more forthcoming . When contacted numerous times in 2006 for comment , Clinton 's representatives seemed distressed by the very line of questioning , as though the then-Senator 's good intentions should suffice .
It 's a story that reads like the moral of Clinton 's courtship of the religious right : a “ center for babies ” meant to symbolize the “ common ground ” Clinton and the anti-abortion hardline share , since drifted quietly into a sectarian operation with deeply conservative religious practices , and ethics questions that remain unanswered .
Research support for this story was provided by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute .
Say what you will about Donald Trump , but he is not an antisemite . Yet there is a malicious campaign afoot to paint him as one .
Tablet Magazine , for example , has launched a “ Trump Watch ” series , complete with German Gothic script that is apparently meant to remind readers of antisemitic tabloids in Nazi Germany . Its mission : to show the “ daily low-lights of Donald Trump 's attempt to use the dark forces of bigotry to become President . ”
The inaugural post cites Louis Farrakhan 's praise for Trump for refusing money from Jews ( as he has from virtually everyone , thus far ) .
The post goes further , and quotes Lloyd Grove 's absurd article at the Daily Beast , in which Breitbart is accused of inciting Twitter trolls to scare Federalist writer Bethany Shondark Mandel , who has never once been attacked by this website . Breitbart News has called on the Daily Beast to retract the article . ( No one from Tablet contacted Breitbart News before regurgitating the article 's false innuendo , and wrongly associating Breitbart with bigotry . )
The next edition of Trump Watch links Trump with the anti-Israel Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement — though it admits he has nothing to do with it . Actual quote : “ Factually , of course , they 've little in common . But facts do n't matter here because facts do n't always make sense . ”
The following Trump Watch hits him for comments about the KKK , whom he had already disavowed . And the next takes up a letter signed by foreign policy experts opposed to Trump 's candidacy , and suggests “ maybe something darker is taking place … Republicans with fundamentally authoritarian instincts are beginning to shoot glances at one another and to see their opportunity . ”
None of the above is convincing , or even attempts to be . It is aimed at toxifying Trump among potential supporters in the Jewish community and beyond .
Never mind his daughter Ivanka 's Orthodox Jewish conversion , or Trump 's endorsement for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . The man , and his supporters , must be demonized .
Take , for instance , Bill Kristol 's Emergency Committee for Israel ( ECI ) , which did outstanding work in trying to stop the Iran deal . You might think Kristol and ECI would acknowledge Trump 's efforts to fight the deal , including his address to a large rally on Capitol Hill last fall .
Instead , ECI has waded into primary politics with a new ad this week claiming that Trump is dangerous for Israel because of his “ disturbing affection for anti-American dictators . ”
And earlier this week , Nefesh b'Nefesh , a non-profit organization that helps Jews who want to make aliyah ( move to Israel ) , tweeted to Jewish Republicans who oppose Trump that “ we 're here if you need us. ” The tweet ( for which the organization later apologized ) was responding to an op-ed in the left-leaning Forward that claimed Jewish Republicans are worried about Trump because of his “ nativist working class political movement , ” adding that “ the Jewish experience with overweening , oversensitive wannabe dictator-chieftains is not a good one . ”
The article purported to speak for Jewish Republicans . But there are certainly some who support Trump as well .
Israeli Uber driver : “ How did our friend do in # GOPDebate ? ” Me : “ Who ? ” Driver : “ Trump ! ” Me : “ Why assume– ” Driver : “ You 're Jewish , like me ! ” — Joel Pollak ( @ joelpollak ) March 4 , 2016
There is much to criticize in Trump 's foreign policy , including on Israel . Trump arrived at a Republican Jewish Coalition candidate forum in December poorly prepared to answer policy questions on Israel , and was criticized for making Jewish jokes in a clumsy attempt to bond with the audience .
Sens . Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) and Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) , his two main rivals , have slammed him repeatedly for saying he would be “ neutral ” in negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians . Yes , they have misconstrued his remarks , suggesting that he would be neutral towards Israel in general , when he specifically blamed Palestinians for the impasse . But that 's just politics .
There 's also an argument to be made , as Ben Shapiro does , that Trump could speak out more forcefully against antisemitism .
All of that is legitimate criticism . The attempt to turn Donald Trump into Hitler is not . It is a game of guilt-by-association , the same nonsense that was unleashed against Gov . Sarah Palin in 2008 , when Democrats immediately tried to link her to Nazis .
Then-Rep. Robert Weller ( D-FL ) said :
John McCain 's decision to select a vice presidential running mate that endorsed Pat Buchanan for president in 2000 is a direct affront to all Jewish Americans . Pat Buchanan is a Nazi sympathizer with a uniquely atrocious record on Israel , even going as far as to denounce bringing former Nazi soldiers to justice and praising Adolf Hitler for his “ great courage . ”
The smear campaign against Trump comes out of the same playbook . It is not simple fear of populist nationalism . It is being carried out by those who know , or are capable of deducing , that Trump is neither an antisemite nor trying to appeal to antisemites . It is a vendetta by political opponents who are determined to stop Trump and have chosen to use this noxious slander as their weapon .
As with false accusations of racism , it tends to desensitize people to the real thing .
Last week , Italian Northern League party leader Mario Borghezio publicly urged all 27 members of the European Union to open the books on a previously secret UFO files .
So far , Borghezio 's official request has received 17 signatures .
These June 14 declaration , the Italian leader said :
`` Many members of the scientific community have been looking into the issue of UFOs and have denounced the systematic covering-up of information on the subject . ... A study of the material collected by the governments of all the member states would have major scientific and technological spinoffs . ''
It is Borghezio 's hope that , with the support of all their member nations , the European Union will establish a European UFO commission , intended to study UFO sighting and divine the source and intention of the visitors .
In his proposal , Borghezio states , ” … [ It is ] essential to set up a scientific center for the analysis and dissemination of the scientific data gathered to date by various European bodies and governments . ''
Borghezio also calls `` … for public archives on UFOs to be opened up and for records to be declassified by the member states , thus providing the public and the mass media with access to the full range of documentation on the subject . ''
It is of interest to point out that among Borghezio 's reasons for European nations to investigate UFO phenomena was a controversial 1978 United Nations decree stating that UFOs and their sightings were a “ valid issue ” .
While news of such a pronouncement makes my heart skip a beat with anticipation of becoming full disclosure of any and all secret government files on UFOs , it saddens me to know that the efforts of Mario Borghezio will go unfulfilled . Nations have too many other important things to worry about-like terrorism , the ever weakening global economy , and our rapidly changing ( and deteriorating ) environment-to devote any time , let alone money , to figuring out whether or not UFOs are real .
Originally published October 6 , 2009 at 12:05 AM | Page modified October 6 , 2009 at 10:55 AM
Comments ( 0 ) E-mail article Print Share
My report last week that Lamborghini is funding a new research lab at the University of Washington does n't do justice to the story .
Excerpts from the blog
My report last week that Lamborghini is funding a new research lab at the University of Washington does n't do justice to the story .
It 's way more than a few computers running simulations .
Lamborghini is supporting a full-blown research center and one of a few places in the world where aeronautical approaches to materials testing are being used to help develop the supercars of tomorrow .
Unlikely as it sounds , the UW is now crash testing for Lamborghini in a new lab underneath the engineering school 's wind tunnel .
Officials today will formally open the Automobili Lamborghini Advanced Composite Structures Laboratory .
Lamborghini has actually been quietly working with the school for years , taking advantage of its expertise in exotic-material testing and its close partnership with Boeing .
While Boeing was developing the first carbon-fiber jetliners , Lamborghini was using the strong but finicky material to reduce its vehicles ' weight and increase their performance .
If the lightweight material is fabricated properly , it 's actually more crash resistant than metal , explained Paolo Feraboli , assistant professor of aerospace structures and materials .
Many schools research composite materials , but the UW has a particular specialty in developing effective ways to prove and certify the safety of the exotic materials when used in airplanes and now automobiles .
Lamborghini came to the UW to emulate the testing approaches of airplane companies , which do rigorous testing and analysis of components , as opposed to the multiple crash tests of finished vehicles practiced by the auto industry . This can save millions if flaws are discovered during the development stage and fixed before an assembly line begins production .
`` Other guys do great research , try new materials , invent new ways of making materials ... but we 're really not into that , '' Feraboli said . `` We 're not trying to come up with a new composite . We 're less innovative in that regard . Our effort is 'how do we deal with this problem ? We have a bird strike ; how do we deal with it ? ' ``
Feraboli grew up in Bologna , the center of Italy 's exotic-car industry , and worked for Lamborghini in 2001 and 2002 .
Later he worked at Boeing on the 787 and joined the UW in 2005 .
Two years later , Lamborghini and the school began discussing the company 's formal support of Feraboli 's work , which led to a $ 1 million donation and the new labs .
`` This is like a dream , '' he said Monday , while demonstrating the carbon-enhanced performance of a Murcielago LP 670-4 SuperVeloce brought to Seattle for today 's formal opening . `` Hopefully it 's good for everybody to realize how important Boeing is for Seattle . ''
The city is an engineering hub in part `` because the kind of technology Boeing does — there 's no equal , so people like Lamborghini are willing to come 8,000 miles to do this , '' he said en route to a Ferrari dealership on Capitol Hill , where he waved and revved the orange 670-4 as he drove past the showroom .
Feraboli helped design the composite body of the Murcielago , the first Lamborghini to make major use of carbon fiber when it debuted in 2001 .
In the limited-edition , $ 450,000 670-4 , carbon composites account for 31 percent of the structural weight .
Inside stately Guggenheim Hall , where the UW has been teaching aeronautical engineering since 1930 , several rooms have been painted black with a yellow racing stripe and decorated with models of Lamborghinis made with carbon composites .
One room is full of computers . Another is like a small factory , with equipment to fabricate carbon-fiber parts , scan for defects and then blast them with electricity to simulate lightning strikes .
But the coolest stuff is hidden below the school 's wind tunnel , in a basement room housing the tunnel 's enormous air compressor . Now the compressor is also powering a rail-mounted test sled that 's being used to crash test Lamborghini components , mounted on chassis sections shipped from Italy .
The lab also has cannons used to fire pieces of shrapnel and frozen chickens at carbon-fiber materials used in airplanes , to test their resistance to exploding engine parts and bird collisions .
Feraboli does n't think Boeing 's troubles assembling the 787 will give carbon composites a black eye .
`` First of all , they caught it — that means the process works , '' he said . `` Had they not caught it and the plane came down , then it would have been a terrible event . ... The fact they caught it does n't say anything terrible for the carbon itself or for Boeing — other than that they 're losing money . ''
Then the conversation returned to the Murcielago and the lab .
`` Once Lamborghini gets into you it never leaves . It really is like that , '' he said . `` You have no idea how much this means to me . ''
This material has been edited for print publication .
Brier Dudley 's blog excerpts appear Thursdays . Reach him at 206-515-5687 or bdudley @ seattletimes.com .
Overtime Pay Is the Minimum Wage for the Middle Class
nick hanauer Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 30 , 2015
by Robert Reich and Nick Hanauer
The Department of Labor just proposed raising the overtime threshold from $ 23,600 a year to $ 50,440 , and from the fearful squawks coming from the business lobby you 'd think the sky was falling . But all this trickle-down scare-talk about job-killing regulations and unintended economic consequences is just that — trickle-down scare talk — without an ounce of empirical data to back it up .
We call it : Chicken Little Economics .
In fact , far from the end of the world , middle-class Americans never did better than when the overtime threshold — the annual salary below which workers are automatically entitled to time-and-a-half overtime pay — was at its peak . A half-century ago , more than 60 percent of salaried workers qualified for overtime pay . But after 40 years in which the threshold has been allowed to steadily erode , only about 8 percent do . If you feel like you 're working longer hours for less money than your parents did , it 's probably because you are .
Today , if you 're salaried and earn more than $ 23,600 dollars a year , you do n't automatically qualify for overtime : that means every extra hour you work , you work for free . But at the Obama administration 's proposed new threshold , everyone earning a salary of $ 50,440 a year or less would be eligible to collect time-and-a-half pay for every hour worked over 40 hours a week . That would add nearly 5 million more workers to the numbers eligible , substantially increasing both middle-class incomes and employment . It 's not as high as the $ 69,000 threshold it would take to return to 1975 levels , but it 's a courageous step in the right direction . It 's like a minimum wage hike for the middle class .
Everybody knows Americans are overworked . A recent Gallup poll found that salaried Americans now report working an average of 47 hours a week — not the supposedly standard 40 — while 18 percent of Americans report working more than 60 hours a week . Indeed , overtime pay has become such a rarity that many Americans do n't even realize that the majority of salaried workers were once eligible . We just keep working longer and harder . And ironically , the longer and harder we work , the more we weaken the labor market , weakening our own bargaining power in the process . That helps explain why over the last 30 years , corporate profits have doubled from about 6 % of GDP to about 12 % , while wages have fallen by almost exactly the same amount . The erosion of overtime and other labor protections is one of the main factors leading to this worsening inequality . But a higher threshold would help reverse this trend .
Under the new salary threshold , employers would have a choice : They could either pay you time-and-half for your extra hours worked , or they could hire more workers at the standard rate to fill your previously unpaid hours . The former would put more money into your pockets . The latter would put more leisure time at your disposal while directly adding more jobs . And either would be great for workers and great for boosting economic growth .
Lower- and middle-income workers do n't stash their earnings in offshore accounts the way CEOs do — the more they 're paid the more they spend on goods and services . When workers have more money , businesses have more customers ; and when businesses have more customers , they hire more workers . Whether through an increase in consumer demand or through a reduction in unpaid hours , a higher overtime threshold would increase total employment , tightening the labor market and driving up real wages for the first time since the late 1990s .
Of course , conservative pundits and politicians will attempt to preserve the status quo by warning that a return to more reasonable overtime standards would somehow cripple our economy , hurting the exact same workers we intend to help . But that 's what they always warn about every regulation — from the minimum wage , to Obamacare , to child labor laws . Yet it never turns out to be true . The sky never falls . And trickle-down economics looks more like Chicken Little Economics with every passing day .
Appalachian Trail Hiker Rescued Near Rangeley , Maine
Home Hiker Stories Appalachian Trail Hiker Rescued Near Rangeley , Maine
Corporal John MacDonald of the Maine Warden Service said a 56-year-old Clinton , Connecticut man is recovering after being rescued from the Appalachian Trail ( AT ) near Rangeley , Maine on August 14 , 2015 .
AT hiker William Appleby used his emergency beacon to communicate that he was suffering from severe abdominal pain , possibly caused by food poising .
Rescuers responded at 2:30 AM and met with members of the Rangeley Fire Department to formulate search plans .
According to John MacDonald , searchers decided that a boat ride across Long Pond would be the fastest way to reach Appleby .
Local boat owner and nice person , Allie Ladd , graciously offered his boat and time to help the stranded hiker . Once across the pond , it was a ten-minute hike to the victim . Rescuers met the hiker at 5:30 AM . Paramedic Earle Albert provided medical care and comfort .
Once stable , Albert , Allie Ladd , and Game Warden Patrick Egan , carried Appleby to the boat and crossed Long Pond . Appleby was then given an ATV ride to a waiting ambulance at 7:00 AM , which brought him to Rumford Hospital for evaluation .
We commend Allie Ladd , and all those who sought and cared for William Appleby .
Tags : Attractions , Appalachian Trail , Hiking , News , Accidents , Appalachian Trail Clubs , Maine Appalachian Trail Club , Rescues , Accident , Hiking Safety , appalachian trail hiker rescue , allie ladd rangeley maine , and william appleby rescued rangeley maine
Horror !
In this episode :
It 's October ! And you know what that means ? That 's right , geeks ... HORROR ! You see , Void thinks horror is dumb and boring . Beej thinks it 's awesome . Is the Beejmeister going to be able to convince the Voidenator that horror is worth his time ?
Beej taught a horror literature class for English majors a few years back , and he had a wonderful experience with horror in college because all of his friends loved it . So where he 's coming is different from where some fans are coming from .
A lot of horror hits on cultural and societal fears , far more than personal . We can trace the entire 20th century 's outlook based on what horror media was being produced .
Rarely does horror exist on its i.e . because of its nature . If the intent is to bring people a primal realization of a cultural or societal fear so they can deal with it , that 's not a genre . What you probably think of as “ horror ” is technically “ gothic romance ”
Emotional connection to events . To situations . Not characters so much . The blank-slate the characters tend to be written that way purposefully , which is why they 're archetypes . But you do have lots of writers , however , that tend to focus on people more than the “ hook ” of whatever horror element they are writing , which is why Stephen King and his son , Joe Hill , are so successful . It 's why The Walking Dead is so successful . The Walking Dead , for instance , is an ensemble survival drama that happens to have Zombies . Much like Battlestar Galactica is a military drama that happens to be in space , but we are horrified by the events that occur .
Different kinds of horror : Physical and Psychological . Stephen King has 3 criteria : Horror , terror , gross-out
We use horror as a way to achieve catharsis : We watch this stuff so we do n't have to do it ourselves .
Beej loves slashers and horror comedies . Friday the 13th , Sleepaway Camp , My Bloody Valentine 3D , Santa 's Slay .
Books like Duma Key and It by Stephen King . Heart-shaped Box by Joe Hill . Even Odd Thomas and Phantoms by Dean Koontz are good places to start .
The Secret World is the best horror game out there right now ( to Beej , at least ) because it really grabs a lot of the worldwide horror elements and does them justice . It even grabs Eastern horror and does them well , which is hard to do in America . Other games are obvious like Resident Evil , Silent Hill , Fatal Frame , and Until Dawn .
Weekly Geekery
First of all , we have a way you can support the podcast ! Check out http : //www.gameflyoffer.com/geek for your free trial of Gamefly and get us a few bucks in the process . You 've heard Void talk about it for WEEKS , so it 's definitely worth your time .
Void has played tons of Zelda ( Wind Waker , Minish Cap , Twilight Princess , Phantom Hourglass , Spirit Tracks , Skyward Sword ) and hates gimmick controls / More Gamefly ( Odinsphere , Mario and Luigi Paper Jam ) / Resubbed to Marvel Unlimited / Luke Cage on Netflix / Gamersplane
Be sure to subscribe to the Geek to Geek Podcast your favorite podcast app , drop a review so we know how we 're doing , and feel free contact us via email at geektogeekcast @ gmail.com or @ geektogeekcast on Twitter with any comments , questions , or suggestions for the show . Thanks for listening , and we ca n't wait to hear from you !
Get a Gamefly Trial :
Subscribe :
Geek to Geek Podcast Network :
Music by CarboHydroM
Danish toy manufacturer says it is not ruling out further increases if sterling does not recover from post-Brexit vote plunge
Lego is to raise its prices in Britain by 5 % next year as it becomes the latest manufacturer to respond to the plunging pound after the UK voted to leave the EU .
The Danish firm confirmed it had decided to to hike the prices of its playsets , bricks and mini-figures in the UK owing to “ currency fluctuations ” , while not ruling out further increases if sterling does not recover .
A letter shared on social media this week from a senior Lego executive to UK toy retailers revealed that prices would increase across the board from 1 January .
Signed by Lego UK and Ireland 's general manager and vice-president , Fiona Wright , it explained that the hike was a “ direct result of the continued devaluing of the UK pound ” . The letter went on to warn that the company might be forced to put up prices again in the “ event of further negative trend ” .
It means that a Star Wars Lego Death Star set , currently priced at £399 , will go up by £20 next year , while a Doctor Who Lego will rise by £2.49 to £52.48 .
A spokesperson for the company said : “ As communicated to our retailers , The Lego Group will raise prices in the UK , due to currency fluctuations . ”
Lego said that while it was raising the prices it charged retailers to stock its products , it was up to stores to decide if they passed on the increase to customers or absorbed it themselves . Its Star Wars Rebel U-Wing Fighter playset ( which would go up to £73.50 next year ) is among UK 's best-selling toys , according to Toy Retailers Association .
The latest manufacture to signal rising costs , Lego is privately owned and based in Billund , Denmark . It is controlled by the founding Kristensen family , which has a 75 % stake . The company recently confirmed the appointment of a British chief executive and opened its biggest flagship store in Leicester Square , London .
Since the EU vote in June , the pound has plummeted by about 16 % against the dollar and by 9 % against the euro , forcing manufacturers to signal or introduce price rises . A string of major food brands have already sought increased prices from supermarkets as the fall in the pound has driven up the cost of importing ingredients and other essentials , such as packaging .
Economists expect this scenario to squeeze household budgets with inflation tipped to creep towards 3 % over the next 12 months .
Santi Cazorla says he has had to become more defensively aware in his new role as a deep-lying midfielder .
The Spain international predominantly played as a No 10 in the early days of his Arsenal career , before moving back to partner Francis Coquelin last season .
Login or register to play video 05:40 Close Up : Cazorla
Cazorla has flourished there , but admits he has had to adjust his mindset to ensure he operates as effectively as possible .
“ The boss changed my position last season to play me more centrally , ” he told Arsenal Player .
“ It 's a position I really like , though of course it means I 'm further away from the opposing area so I have fewer chances to score . I 'm finding my best form and I 'm really enjoying the new position .
“ You have different responsibilities . In terms of defence , you have to defend more and you have to help the team more in terms of making sure you 're well-positioned to ensure the players in attack can stay fresh .
“ We need the likes of Mesut , Alexis , Ramsey , Oxlade-Chamberlain , Walcott and Giroud to be fresh - so that means myself , Coquelin , Arteta and Flamini need to be well-positioned to ensure those in attack can perform as well as possible . ”
Maggot slime and healing balm are not usually associated with each other . But ScienceNOW reports there 's growing evidence that maggots not only help remove necrotic flesh , but also that their excretions can reduce inflammation by suppressing the immune system .
Maggot therapy works essentially by having the larvae consume infected and necrotic flesh while largely ignoring healthy tissue . Of course , patients are discouraged from attempting the treatment on their own , as it can lead to uncontrolled maggot infestations and infections .
The research was published in the latest issue of Wound Repair and Regeneration . In their work , Dr. Gwendolyn Cazander of Leiden University Medical Center in the Netherlands and her team tested the effects of maggot secretion .
They deposited the secretions into donated human blood samples and found that the samples contained lower levels of complement proteins . They also found that the maggot secretions were highly durable , even increasing in effectiveness after being boiled .
`` This research advances our understanding of how and why maggot therapy helps wounds heal faster , '' Ronald Sherman , a pioneering maggot researcher and chair of the Bio Therapeutics , Education & Research Foundation , told ScienceNOW .
As ScienceNOW points out , maggots have been part of the medicinal world for centuries . For example , doctors in Napoleon 's army used them to treat the wounds of injured soldiers . After the invention of penicillin , the use of maggot therapy largely tapered off . But in 1989 , the practice began making a comeback when Sherman established fly-breeding facilities at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in California .
In 2004 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved maggot debridement therapy as a prescription treatment .
Any form of clinical treatment is at least several years away .
On Friday , March 3 , two-time Emmy Award-winning actor William Shatner will perform alongside multi-platinum selling vocal group The Tenors in the fifth annual One Night for One Drop imagined by Cirque du Soleil .
Taking place exclusively in the Zumanity Theatre at New York-New York Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , the star-studded gala will also feature GRAMMY-nominated rapper Redfoo from LMFAO , America 's Got Talent ( AGT ) winner Grace VanderWaal , international superstars Duo Sky Angels , AGT finalists Malevo and others .
For more information , visit onedrop.org/onenight .
For more than seven decades , William Shatner has captivated audiences with his portrayals in several blockbuster films and TV series . Using his contagious energy and undeniable charm , the beloved actor will enjoy a personalized role in the show , performing alongside artists from the world-famous Cirque du Soleil for the first time in his career .
`` There are only a few people in this world that could resonate with fans across different generations like Mr. Shatner , '' said Nicky and Laetitia Dewhurst , co-writers and directors for the show . `` With his timeless personality , he is the perfect addition to our show , which focuses on the concept of time as it relates to humanity and Mother Earth . ''
AGT winner , 13-year-old singer-songwriter and renowned ukuleleist Grace VanderWaal will also take the stage , charming the audience with her extraordinary musical talents as she sings `` Light the Sky . '' Hailed as one of today 's most talented rising young stars , she will delight the audience in a whole new way using her refreshing personality , charisma and charm .
Additional acts include world-famous rapper and music mogul Redfoo , who will appear onstage during a special scene with Shatner . Joining them will be Malevo , AGT finalists who brought the heat with their sizzling Malambo choreography , and Duo Sky Angels , whose stunning aerial routine recently won `` The Golden Clown , '' the highest honor at the 41st International Circus Festival in Monte Carlo .
Following the show , Redfoo invites VIP guests to `` party rock '' poolside as he performs at a circus and sideshow-inspired extravaganza . Boasting an illustrious reputation as son of legendary Motown Records founder Berry Gordy , he is also known for creating the dynamic duo LMFAO , smashing genres since 2006 with their unique rendition of electronic party music .
Presented by MGM Resorts International , the fifth edition of One Night for One Drop will transport the audience back in time to the center of a magnificent vintage circus . Individual , tax-deductible VIP tickets , which include the after-party complete with live entertainment , cocktails , hors d'oeuvres and festivities , are available for $ 1,500 , with show-only tickets starting at $ 225 . Sponsorship packages and individual tickets are available at onedrop.org/onenight or by calling 1-844-33-WATER .
One Drop is an international non-profit organization created by Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberté . At the core of our mission is water as a transformative force to improve living conditions , as well as give communities the ability to care for themselves . We believe in The Combined power of safe water for consumption and production while inspiring behavioral change towards water and proper hygiene practices by creating a lasting understanding through social arts . To do this , One Drop has developed the unique A ? B ? C for Sustainability intervention approach , a winning combination of strategic and operational initiatives designed to address access to safe water . To learn more about One Drop , visit www.onedrop.org .
Related Articles Shows View More Las Vegas Stories
More Hot Stories For You
Following the recent criticisms for the DC brand , which includes the recent notion that Ben Affleck 's Batman movie is in trouble , the director leaving Flash , and poor critical acclaim for Batman Vs. Superman and Suicide Squad , it 's learned things are all not as bad as they seem .
WB CEO Kevin Tsujihara praises the DC brand in an interview with the NY Times . While of course it 's Tsujihara 's job to spin the positive , Kevin Tsujihara does back up his claims , which comes on the heels of the announcement that AT & T has purchased WB 's parent company , Time Warner , as his division has seen a 12 percent increase in income from a year earlier .
Regarding Batman vs. Superman and Suicide Squad , which saw critics absolutely crush in reviews , Tsujihara noted they both generated a combined whopping $ 1.6 billion worldwide with the article noting that Tsujihara is `` confident that management changes he has been making ( putting a pair of executives , Geoff Johns and Jon Berg , in charge of superhero movies , for instance ) will make for more satisfied fans . ''
“ The thing that really makes me confident is that I 've seen Wonder Woman , and it 's great , ” Tsujihara said .
It 's also recently become known that WB 's DC TV series bring in over a billion dollars , which includes Arrow , The Flash , DC 's Legends of Tomorrow , and Supergirl . All four of the series will also be featured in a massive crossover event this Season on The CW which has been compared to a larger-scale production Hollywood movie .
DC Comics ' Rebirth comic book event has been a smash hit amongst critics , fans and retailers as well -- beating out their direct competition for at least three consecutive months .
The article also notes Warner Bros. is developing a Netflix-style services dedicated to superheroes , with mention of Batman , and also Harry Potter .
“ Combining with AT & T will allow us to go direct-to-consumer with brands like DC even faster , ” Mr. Tsujihara said .
Regarding the critics , Tsujihara mentioned he hopes their new slate of DC movies will cause a critic or two to come around , and Tsujihara also comments on the negative rumors surrounding the company offering it 's a result of executives who have left the studio under unhappy circumstances .
Bonuses for Warner Bros. also mentioned includes their popular video game division ( LEGO and Mortal Kombat ) , upcoming slate of movies ( Justice League , Fantastic Beasts and sequels , Kong : Skull Island ) and digital media investments ( Machinima ) .
Venezuela sanctions would worsen plight of suffering people
Venezuela sanctions would worsen plight of suffering people , UN expert warns
GENEVA ( 11 August 2017 ) – Sanctions are not the answer to the growing crisis in Venezuela and the international community should not impose them , United Nations Special Rapporteur Idriss Jazairy has said .
“ Sanctions would worsen the situation of the people of Venezuela , who are already suffering from crippling inflation and a lack of access to adequate food and medicine , ” Mr. Jazairy said .
The expert highlighted that efforts that damage the economy will lead only to violations of the rights of ordinary people . “ Sanctions are disruptive for any State , and can have a particularly devastating impact on the citizens of developing countries when they impair the economy ”
“ Dialogue is the foundation of the peaceful settlement of disputes , ” Mr. Jazairy noted . “ States should engage in constructive dialogue with the Government of Venezuela to find solutions to the very real challenges being faced . ”
His call echoed the comments of the Spokesman for the UN Secretary General , who noted that Secretary General “ is convinced that the Venezuelan crisis can not be solved through the imposition of unilateral measures , but requires a political solution based on dialogue and compromise . ”
The expert drew attention to the UN Declaration on the Principles of International Law concerning friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in Accordance with the Charter of the United Nations , which urges States to resolve their differences through dialogue and peaceful relations , and to avoid the use of economic , political or other measures to coerce another State in regard to the exercise of its sovereign rights .
“ It is vital that States observe these principles , particularly in difficult times , ” Mr. Jazairy stressed .
“ I urge all countries to avoid applying sanctions unless approved by the United Nations Security Council , as required by the UN Charter , ” the Special Rapporteur concluded .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
One of the first zoning cases handled by the new Austin City Council has finally come to an end , after a failed last-ditch attempt to hit the brakes .
The council , in its third time hearing the case , gave final approval Thursday for the highest-density multi-family zoning that will allow a developer to build up to 300 high-end apartments along fast-changing Burnet Road near U.S. 183 . The property is currently occupied by Gordon Automotive .
The case highlighted the council 's unwillingness to defer to Council Member Leslie Pool , whose North Austin 's District 7 contains the property , as members rejected her suggested zoning on three separate occasions .
It also exposed a split between representatives who emphasized neighborhood concerns and those who spoke of density as a way to breathe some relief into the city 's tight and unaffordable housing supply .
Pool proposed postponing the case so the council could consider an entirely different type of zoning : commercial zoning with an overlay that would allow the developer to take advantage of a city program that provides bonuses , such as additional density and lighter parking requirements , in exchange for providing affordable housing .
The developer would also have to provide what Pool called a `` community benefit '' in the form of ground-floor retail or restaurants . Under that scenario , the developer might be able to build around 225 or fewer units , city planning manager Jerry Rusthoven said .
That zoning would provide more certainty that the development includes affordable housing , and that housing could be accessible to those making 60 percent of the area 's median family income , Pool said .
The developer proposed making 15 percent of the units affordable to those making 80 percent of the area 's median family income , but no requirement was included in the zoning .
Council Member Sheri Gallo said the project proposed by the developer would address affordability by offering apartments below market rent — and by filling a demand for modern housing in an area filled with older units .
`` As we can produce more supply to meet the demand , then the market rate affordability improves , and that is what this project will do , absolutely , '' Gallo said .
After Pool 's proposal died on a narrow vote , she and Council Members Kathie Tovo , Ann Kitchen and Ora Houston voted against the multi-family zoning the developer was seeking .
`` I was very disappointed … to see that they were not able to come to some kind of middle ground , recognizing and respecting that neighbors have rights too , '' Houston said .
Truth be told , it probably does take a rocket scientist to truly understand the scope of what NASA is currently investigating , but the gist of it is n't hard to grok . America 's premiere space agency is purportedly examining the possibility of using beamed energy propulsion to launch spacecraft into orbit , and while we 've seen objects lofted by mere beams before , using a laser to leave the atmosphere is a whole 'nother ballgame . The reasons are fairly obvious : a laser-based propulsion system would effectively nix the chance of an explosive chemical reaction taking place at launch , and it would `` make possible a reusable single-stage rocket that has two to five times more payload space than conventional rockets , which would cut the cost of sending payloads into low-Earth orbit . '' We 're told that the study should be concluded by March , but only heaven knows how long it 'll be before we see any of this black magic used to launch rockets . Sadly , we ca n't expect any Moon missions to rely on lasers for at least 50 or so years , but we 're guessing that timeline could be shortened dramatically if Sir Richard Branson were to get involved . [ Image courtesy of Jordin Kare ]
President Barack Obama walked into a bar . That 's not just the beginning of a joke , it 's the beginning of the whirlwind that was Obamamania last night in Boulder .
On his way to his big speech at CU-Boulder on keeping student loan rates low , Obama stopped by one of Boulder 's favorite dives to pick up a pizza to go .
9News spoke with Chris Heinritz , owner of the pizza restaurant on `` The Hill '' area of Boulder , who said Obama `` came in and shook everyone 's hand , was very gracious . He took time out ot meet everyone in the place . ''
Before leaving with his pizza -- he reportedly ordered a pepperoni , sausage combo pie called the `` Sinkza '' -- the president even signed The Sink 's wall , the tradition at the Boulder restaurant and bar .
While at the sink , Obama snapped a photo with a CU-Boulder student named Madalyn Starkey that went viral and really sums up the energy and excitement of his visit . See the full image and slideshow below .
The Denver Post reports that the first sitting president to visit Boulder campus did have one mishap -- after dining at the sink a girl spilled yogurt on the president . But Obama took it in stride and good humor saying , `` Getting yogurt on the president , you 've got a story to tell . ''
Once the speech got started the electricity at Coors Event Center was palpable , The Gazette 's John Schroyer 's tweet as Obama entered the arena really captured the enthusiasm :
Obama walks in . Applause is literally deafening . # ObamaCU — John Schroyer ( @ Johnschroyer ) April 25 , 2012
The crowd cheered for Obama on multiple occasions throughout his speech and even began chanting `` Four more years ! '' at one point . In one of many moments of applause and cheers , a student shouted out to Obama , `` We believe in you ! '' and Obama , not missing a beat , responded : `` I believe in you ! '' The crowd went wild .
Obama was in full campaign mode and delivered a passionate speech about keeping student loan rates low and many times spoke from the heart or from personal experience about the burden of student loans that he and Michelle know firsthand , `` This is n't something I just read in a briefing paper . When we got married , we got poorer together . We paid more in student loans than we paid for the first condo we bought together . ''
To put things in perspective , Obama went on to say that he and Michelle had paid off their own student loans only eight years ago .
The speech was centered around student loans because in July the interest rate for subsidized Stafford loans will double unless Congress prevents the loans from doubling , 7News reports . His speech , which lasted about 30 minutes , urged the CU-Boulder students to call their representatives and demand that they stop their student loan rates from doubling and offered up a Twitter hashtag -- # DontDoubleMyRate -- to keep the conversation going online .
For more information about the student loan rate debate , check out The Associated Press 's guide to student loans .
LOOK : CU-Boulder student takes a photo with President Obama at The Sink [ see her original post on Instagram ]
SLIDESHOW : Check out our slideshow of images from President Obama 's historic visit to Boulder
Making a journal to excuse an incredibly unprofessional way of handling a private commission is a really bad way to respond to something and shows no will to improve something .
And the fact that Dobson is labelling this under trolling and a scam is also not surprising to me . Remember , these people could have very well commissioned something awful like fetish art or something hateful but they chose Samus instead to actually review how he does his work and it sheds a lot .
The whole “ well they did n't see how well I catered to my other customers ” does not excuse the fact that this is not a good way to do private commission due to the following
bearing very little communication between a customer who has invested their money into you
taking that for granted and wasting a good amount of time
not making changes to the customer 's demand ( even though they are paying you for this )
blatant plagiarism
I could go on and on , but those who have invested their money into this have already put in their words on this .
And of course , I will always get “ but how will this help new artists ? ” Well , I 'm a firm believer of making mistakes being a good way to learn and , even better , observing other 's mistakes and learning from them to save yourself some trouble . When you 're catering to someone who has invested money into you , it is important to do the best to satisfy them ,
And this is n't a very easy thing for most people , you might deal with someone who can be an ass to you or does n't communicate well with you . Of course , you have the right to deny working for some people , but when you do work for them , showing competence and commitment will reward the both of you .
Fortunately , artists-beware is where these issues are discussed about along with warnings about both customers and caterers and can really save yourself from getting into huge trouble .
A variation of Cartoon Network 's current logo , which resembles the network 's original logo , used as of 2010 .
This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast by Cartoon Network in the United States . The network was launched on October 1 , 1992 , and airs mainly animated programming , ranging from action to animated comedy .
In its early years , Cartoon Network 's programming was predominantly made up of reruns of Looney Tunes , Tom and Jerry , and Hanna-Barbera shows such as Quick Draw McGraw , The Flintstones , The Jetsons , Johnny Quest , and Scooby-Doo . Cartoon Network 's first original series were The Moxy Show and the late-night satirical animated talk show , Space Ghost Coast to Coast . The What a Cartoon ! series of showcase shorts brought about the creation of a number of Cartoon Network original series , the first of which made into a full-fledged series was Dexter 's Laboratory ( created by Genndy Tartakovsky ) in 1996 , followed by Johnny Bravo ( created by Van Partible ) and Cow and Chicken in 1997 ( as well as its spinoff , I Am Weasel later in 1999 ) ( created by David Feiss ) , The Powerpuff Girls ( created by Craig McCracken ) in 1998 , and Courage the Cowardly Dog ( created by John R. Dilworth ) in 1999 , which debuted alongside Mike , Lu & Og ( created by Charles Swenson ) . Another popular series , Ed , Edd n Eddy ( created by Danny Antonucci ) was one of the first to air without a What a Cartoon ! pilot , debuting in 1999 . Dexter 's Laboratory creator Tartakovsky went on to create two more series for Cartoon Network : Samurai Jack and Star Wars : Clone Wars , and Powerpuff Girls creator McCracken later produced Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends for the network . Other series to be greenlit from programs similar to What a Cartoon ! include Whatever Happened to Robot Jones ? ( created by Greg Miller ) , Codename : Kids Next Door ( created by Mr. Warburton ) , and The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy ( created by Maxwell Atoms ) .
Following the resignation of Jim Samples after the 2007 Boston Mooninite panic , Cartoon Network began airing live-action original series such as Destroy , Build , Destroy and Dude , What Would Happen as part of the CN Real block . Cartoon Network began moving away from live-action series with the 2010 premieres of Adventure Time ( created by Pendleton Ward ) and Regular Show ( created by J. G. Quintel ) .
Cartoon Network has also broadcast a number of feature films , mostly animated or containing animated sequences , under its `` Cartoon Theater '' block , later renamed `` Flicks '' .
Property taxes for Baltimore homeowners will drop again under Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake 's plan to gradually lower the city 's rate to bring it more in line with the rest of the state .
The city 's spending panel agreed Wednesday to lower the rate to $ 2.13 per $ 100 of assessed value — still double the levy of surrounding counties , but down 14 cents in the past two years . The reduction is part of the mayor 's plan to knock 20 cents off the tax for homeowners by 2020 .
The tax break , approved without discussion by the Board of Estimates , will lower the property tax bill for an average home by $ 174 . The bill for a $ 145,500 house will drop from $ 3,269 to $ 3,095 in the fiscal year that begins July 1 .
`` Residents have been clear that they want to see action taken to reduce property taxes without a reduction to city services , and we 're listening , '' Rawlings-Blake said after the meeting . `` And more importantly , we 're taking action that will lay the groundwork for growth in Baltimore . ''
The tax break is part of the Targeted Homeowners ' Tax Credit . The rate for rental properties and businesses will remain $ 2.25 per $ 100 of assessed value .
Baltimore 's rate remains the highest in the state , but some economists say the mayor is taking a reasoned approach that makes the city 's rate more competitive without cutting services , such as public safety initiatives , after-school programs and trash pickup .
Anirban Basu of Sage Policy Group , an economic and policy consulting firm , said the action brings the city 's rate `` closer to being reasonable . ''
`` The only way to deal with Baltimore 's uncompetitive tax rate is to chip away at it in a way that allows for a combination of a balanced budget and taxpayer relief , '' Basu said .
The board reviewed another of the mayor 's ideas to keep city residents and attract new ones by encouraging the development of apartment buildings . That proposal , which still needs City Council approval , would give a tax credit for 10 years to developers who build or renovate apartments throughout the city .
Intended to spur apartment construction and renovation citywide , the credit would give developers an 80 percent break on taxes due for any value added to the property by the project . The percentage would gradually decrease after five years .
A similar program has been available to developers who build and improve apartments downtown .
Together , the tax breaks could help keep members of the millennial generation — the children of the baby boomers — living in Baltimore as they get married , have children , pay down student loans and look for houses to raise their families , Basu said .
The millennials show a propensity to live in urban areas , but as they grow older , Baltimore must find a way to entice them to stay , he said .
`` The mayor has begun to unleash a process that I think is very productive , '' Basu said . `` There has to be a concerted effort to drive down these tax rates . ''
By 2020 , Rawlings-Blake 's plan will translate into a $ 291 savings on an average home property tax bill .
The mayor said she sees providing the tax breaks as `` a critical component '' of her goal to increase the city 's population by 10,000 families .
`` I understand in order to grow a city , you have to do many things . You have to attract new residents , but you also have to give the residents who are here more reasons to stay , '' Rawlings-Blake said .
Providing the property tax break will cost the city $ 20.2 million , which is built into the mayor 's $ 2.5 billion budget that does n't cut city services for the first time since 2008 .
Critics note that while the city is cutting taxes , city water and sewer rates are rising by 42 percent over three years . Bills for a typical customer , including homes and businesses , jumped by nearly $ 100 this year , and are projected to climb by a total of $ 250 by July 2015 . The water rate increases raise the typical bill from $ 690 in fiscal 2013 to $ 784 in fiscal 2014 to $ 944 in fiscal 2016 .
The mayor has said the water rate increases are necessary to repair the city 's `` crumbling '' infrastructure .
Rawlings-Blake has made sweeping changes to the city 's overall financial picture . More money has been banked in Baltimore 's rainy-day account and a series of changes , such as requiring city workers to contribute more to their pensions , is helping to shore up the long-term structural deficit .
The shortfall is down about $ 300 million from the $ 750 million that was projected a few years ago .
The city also is working to implement another tax break approved this year by the General Assembly that will be available to homeowners who move from one house in Baltimore to another in the city . The Resident Retention Credit is capped at $ 3 million , and will be granted on a first-come , first-served basis .
The city is expected to begin taking applications for the tax credit on Oct. 1 . That application and others will eventually be available online , officials said .
ywenger @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/yvonnewenger
Tax rates
Baltimore 's property tax rate of $ 2.25 per $ 100 of assessed value is the highest in the state . Effective July 1 , the city rate will drop to $ 2.13 for homeowners .
Other current property tax rates :
•Baltimore County : $ 1.10
•Harford County : $ 1.04
•Howard County : $ 1.01
•Anne Arundel County : $ 0.95
Overindulgence does n't have to be a bad thing . And when it comes to television content , heavy viewers represent a weighty opportunity for marketers and brands . In fact , a recent study conducted by Nielsen notes that programmers can leverage heavy TV viewers to reduce risk , drive programming and increase advertising efficiency .
How much of an opportunity ? According to a recent quintile study breaking users into five different groups , nearly 50 percent of all TV viewing comes from the heaviest 20 percent of TV viewers .
According to the study , heavy TV viewers in the U.S. spend an average of 705 minutes a day in front of the tube—that 's almost 12 hours ! And the amount of time they watch continues to rise . Since 2009 , heavy viewers have increased their TV viewing by 8 percent—that 's almost a one-hour increase in daily viewing . When looking at different race/ethnicities , the study found that African-American are 75 percent more-likely to be heavy television viewers , tuning in for an average of 917 minutes per day .
Not only are heavy TV viewers consuming a lot of content , they 're also active consumers , especially when it comes to their automotive , apparel , electronics and dining purchases . For example , heavy TV viewers are 16 percent more likely to buy a domestic car and 17 percent more likely to have purchased new clothing in the past 12 months . Compared to groups that watch less TV , heavy viewers rule the top spot in 10 out of 17 purchasing categories .
Heavy TV viewers are n't just contributing to retail sales , they 're also influencing advertisers .
Consider that an advertiser has 705 minutes per day to reach a heavy viewer . Although that 's plenty of time to place an ad , they also have to think about competition . Those viewers will likely be exposed to many other advertisements , all vying for a place in that viewer 's mind . So in order to stay at the forefront , advertisers need to find unique ways to feed those hungry eyes .
New Snapdragons : Some Context & Contrast
It has n't been a good year for Qualcomm so far . Every device featuring the Snapdragon 810 has had a less-than-stellar fate , be it because of overheating complaints or actual decreased sales . HTC is in a particularly worrisome situation , and Sony 's Z4 is slipping down Japanese charts just over a week after its release . The G Flex 2 , Mi Note Pro and Z3+ all saw complaints as well . Even MediaTek is seemingly getting an advantage over this .
But a particularly bad SoC , albeit damaging , is not necessarily a coffin for a manufacturer of this size . We must remember that Qualcomm has held a practical monopoly of top-end premium flagship SoCs for close to three years , and the Snapdragon 810 has a somewhat rational explanation behind its failure . To put it shortly , Qualcomm was not ready to put out a 64-bit processor so early , and their new custom cores were not ready for primetime in early 2015 . Apple began the 64-bit trend and Samsung 's Exynos 5433 already introduced ( unsupported ) 64-bit chips last year with the Note 4 . Qualcomm 's Krait architecture successor was not ready , but it is coming , and we are now beginning to hear its details .
Here we will take a look at what we know and put it in proper context . Keep in mind this is not meant to be speculative but rather informative . While there is a lot of room for speculation , doing so on the shaky ground of early leaks would n't be wise , so as always take the leaks with skepticism .
Snapdragon 620 and Cortex-A72
This week we heard about two Snapdragon SoCs , the main one being the 820 which is rumored to be coming in late 2015 or around early 2016 ( manufacturing is only beginning on this half of the year ) . First , let 's tackle the little we know about the Snapdragon 620 , their upcoming medium-range offering . We first heard rumors about it featuring the latest in mobile ARM cores , the Cortex-A72 design . Now we know for sure that this is the case . There are many improvements over the previous A57 design : performance and power efficiency are a given , but there 's also a hefty increase in bandwidth and reduced area . More importantly , the A72 is designed to not be a bursty processor like most mobile SoCs , and thus to be able to sustain its peak ( or high ) performance for longer periods
The A72 cores have up to a 60 % increase in instructions-per-clock over their A57 predecessors , and also a respectable 20 % power reduction when compared to the A57 ( on the same 28nm processes ) . At the target of 14nm FinFet processes , these could be very impressive cores , and it would n't be odd to see many devices in 2016 featuring them , particularly mid-range . Why mid-range ? For one , Qualcomm 's “ Kryo ” cores so far look to be on Qualcomm 's premium SoCs . Samsung 's “ mongoose ” custom core architecture is also likely to make it to their high-end SoC . When you combine this with Intel 's x86 chipsets , the premium offerings with this solution narrow down .
Which leads us to the benchmarks : Geekbench scores were leaked for the 620 and they show remarkable results . This is a CPU benchmark , and while it does not give us directly commensurable results with many other SoCs ( due to the different architectures ) , the output is impressive nonetheless : single core scores put it at 1513 , higher than the Exynos 7420 's ( 1486 ) , while multi core scores remain at a respectable 4051 ( below the Exynos ' 5284 and the 810 's 4424 ) . The single-core results are truly impressive for a mid-range chip , but the multi core scores are not as well-scaled those of its competitors . From what we see so far , this looks to be an excellent chip that raises expectations , as it wo n't even be Qualcomm 's best . Which in turn leads us to…
Snapdragon 820 and Kryo
Since Qualcomm shot down the rumors of a Snapdragon 815 processor , enthusiasts became increasingly worried about the future of flagship chipsets in 2015 , and each new 810 phones only increased the hysteria . Because of this , the 820 has big expectations to live up to . The Snapdragon 820 is said to come with the new Kryo cores clocked at 3GHz . Reports also say that the chips will be manufactured at Samsung 's foundries — this is very important , because Samsung is currently at the top of fabrication processes/manufacturing , and with their recent billionaire investments into new facilities , this could seal a permanent transition that would benefit Qualcomm .
The 820 is allegedly readied up and undergoing testing , and shipping will start soon . Xiaomi 's leaked roadmaps spoke of an upcoming device with this chipset , and these and many other sources reinforce the idea that the Xiaomi Mi5 will be one of the first devices to feature the new chip . Qualcomm had not sealed a deal with Samsung for the S6 ( and most likely not for the Note 5 either ) and thus lost a big source of revenue , so having a locked deal with Xiaomi ( who does not have many other options but is still a huge player ) is a great way to start the redemption . But how does the chip perform ? We obviously ca n't answer with certainty just yet , but leaked benchmarks ( again ) tell an interesting story :
GeekBench scores of what is presumed to be the Snapdragon 820 also showed up , and this tested chip ( MSM8996 ) looks to be better than most of the current top dogs in the smartphone business . Its single core score is 1732 , ~17 % higher than the Exynos ' listed 1486 score and ~41 % higher than the Mi NOTE Pro 's 1227 ( from the 810 ) . Multi core scores , however , are only 4970 , which is ~6 % lower than the Exynos ' and ~12 % higher than the 810 's . This is seemingly a welcome upgrade over the Snapdragon 810 , but when contrasted with the output of the Exynos 7420 , a current chip , things get a little worrying .
Context and Contrast
The fact of the matter is that the Exynos , for example , is running A57 cores clocked at 2.1 GHz , while the Kryo is allegedly running at 3 GHz . When you consider that the next flagship revision of Samsung 's SoC 's will probably incorporate A72 cores ( unless their custom cores are ready ) , you see that they can easily have a very good base increase in performance . Assuming that Samsung manages to optimize their device 's hardware as much as they have been doing now ( keep in mind Samsung is not using custom architecture yet , and that they rely on ARM designs ) , expecting a revision that can match the alleged 820 's ~17 % advantage is single core scores sounds very reasonable . When it comes to multi core output , it must be noted that Samsung 's Exynos line has always been excellent at multi-threading , even without Homogeneous Multi-processing which could surprise us with a refined implementation . Other chip manufacturers can go down the A72 route as well .
If Qualcomm truly opts for a 3 GHz frequency in their cores , this is also something to keep in mind . Qualcomm is known to go for higher frequencies than other competitors , namely Samsung 's Exynos line of SoCs . For example , the Note 3 , S5 and Note 4 all ran at the same 1.9 GHz maximum frequency , yet each saw iterative performance improvements . Much of the performance gains that the Note 4 saw over the Note 3 , despite both featuring big.LITTLE octa core configurations and the same frequency , came from the design changes ( we must also remember that the Note 4 's software did not support the introduction of its 64-bit nature either ) .
The Note 3 came with 28nm Cortex A15 cores with an ARMv7 instruction set , while the Note 4 had 20nm Cortex A57 cores with ARMv8 instructions . The S6 only increased the maximum frequency by 2.1GHz , but migrated to 14nm processes among other improvements , and that netted it an ~18 % increase ( over the Note 4 ) in single core Geekbench scores , and a ~21 % increase in multi core scores . This goes to show that design changes can greatly enhance the output of a processor . In phones , performance does not scale too linearly with frequency ( there are many bottlenecks and constraints as well ) , but even then , Samsung or other manufacturers could find ways to break off their conservative frequency boosts to match up to the 820 .
We must also keep in mind that the stock A72 solution aims to bring persistent performance that is not too bursty , and while many Snapdragon devices in the past ( like the 805 ) have had consistent frequencies with ( relatively ) little throttling , we know nothing about the Kryo . It 'd be unfair to speculate on said cores by contrasting it with the Snapdragon 810 , which in a way was out of Qualcomm 's comfort zone . Nevertheless , we must stay on the lookout for details about throttling and performance consistency , because this is easily one of the biggest possible strengths of its upcoming competition .
Conclusion
The Snapdragon 820 looks to be a sizable upgrade from the Snapdragon 810 , and most importantly , we expect it to address the throttling constraints that the 810 had . There are big net gains in the limited data we have from these benchmarks , and considering that this is likely not running on final software nor hardware , it is entirely possible ( and likely ) that scores will get higher with time and optimization . This being said , when put into context , the Snapdragon 820 is not looking to be the most likely champion so far . The fact that the A72 architecture alone can produce such performance gains ( as seen in Qualcomm 's very SD620 scores ) with additional promises of sable performance should put pressure on Qualcomm to improve upon their design and bring out their best .
Qualcomm must be using their Kryo cores for a good reason , though , and even if early scores do n't reflect the chunky gains we all desire in our phones , Snapdragon SoCs always bring many other neat additions to the table beyond simple performance boosts over previous models . Take a look at some of the latest Snapdragon feature videos or their MWC 2015 press release to get an idea of the kind of new features and improved functionality current and upcoming offerings allow for . Now , keep in mind that other manufacturers are also speeding up their advances . Intel , for example , has put out a cheap yet respectable Atom processor in the ZenFone 2 , and at MWC 2015 we heard a lot of good things about their x7 line of premium processors .
The battle for the best performance can yield great speculation… however , it 's always best to look at the context of the market not to raise our predictions but to ground our expectations . These early details are just that — early details . As such , they give us a limited glimpse at what will most surely be refined and optimized through software , clever implementations and components . Nevertheless , there is a lot to be excited about .
Tweet
Since mid-December , President Obama 's net approve/disapprove numbers have shot up . This graph shows the median of the last 21 days of polling . The current level , a net disapproval of only 2 % , reflects six pollsters ( Gallup , Rasmussen , CNN , ARG , YouGov/Economist , and ABC/Post ) . These are his highest numbers since early 2013 . What is going on ?
First , a caveat . A jump of this size and suddenness is surprising . Reasons should be offered with care . For example , I still do n't have a good explanation for the dive in Obama 's numbers in June – and that was a drop of similar size . Still , this recent jump occurred with multiple pollsters , suggesting that it 's a real phenomenon and not some artifact of changing methods .
To identify possible causes , we should look to events prior to the jump . The obvious event is the President 's newfound liberation from the pressures of the election cycle . Since the November election , the President has done the opposite of what many people expected : he showed strong assertiveness to Congress ( shortly after November 4 ) , acted boldly on immigration ( November 20 ) , made frank public statements on race ( December 17 ) , and normalized relations with Cuba ( December 17 ) . Could it be that voters like a strong leader ?
It could be asked whether , from an electoral standpoint , these actions would have been welcome before the election . However , that is a mixed bag . Consider an alternative scenario , in which Obama had acted like this earlier . That might have been worse for his policies since loss of the Senate was still likely , as well as retained GOP control of the House . Those defeats would then cast a shadow on Obama 's actions and lead to pressure to reverse them . In the current situation , the President has little reason to change course .
I 'll get out on a limb with a speculation : If this “ real Obama ” uptick lasts , it might demonstrate a benefit to Democrats if they act , with vigor , like Democrats . With a newly invigorated President and a Congress in full opposition , the coming year will be worth watching .
Postscript : The most plausible trigger seems to be normalization with Cuba , which was huge news and reminded people of the unique power of the Presidency . This is a time when crosstabs would be helpful . Is the uptick concentrated among Hispanics ? Democrats ? Independents ? For now , I leave that to readers and other analysts…
What we often call the “ smell of rain ” is a complex olfactory mix whipped up by some pretty fancy chemistry and physics . The ozone top note of an approaching thunderstorm gradually gives way to an earthy scent known as “ petrichor. ” While many of the molecules in this organic base note have been known for some time , an enduring mystery has been how they get activated and become airborne . Using high-speed photography , engineers from MIT have now discovered the secret — the effervescent action of microbubbles produced when raindrops of the right size and speed strike dry , porous earth .
As you can see in the video below , a raindrop flattening against the earth puts on a show of resonating ripples . Depending on the permeability and wettability of the soil , the air trapped beneath the drop can be excited into a hydrodynamic fizz where particles gain enough energy to be ejected into the air . To see these tiny droplets , the researchers added fluorescent dye to the impact surface .
Seeing the dye light up in the ejected microbubbles indicates that other particles embedded in the surface can be ejected in the same way . The experiments reveal that this phenomenon does n't happen every time , but rather only when the right kind of drops hit the right kind of soil .
The researchers decided to do what any good mechanical engineer would do in these circumstances : precisely define the conditions for aromatic aerosol generation in terms of dimensionless parameters .
The beauty of dimensionless parameters ( numbers with no units ) is that a single number can often tell you whether or not some particular kind of behavior can be observed no matter what the scale . For instance , in aerodynamics there is a dimensionless parameter known as the “ Reynolds number ” which represents the ratio of the inertial to viscous forces at play on an object moving in a fluid . When that number falls within a certain range the same kind of turbulence and vortices will be generated around an object no matter what its size , the speed , or the kind of fluid .
The paper 's authors derived two main parameters for their raindrops : the Weber number , which compares inertia to surface tension in a fluid , and the Peclet number , which is the ratio of convection to diffusion in a fluid . In practice there are actually any number of variations on these parameters . The particular form of Peclet number that the authors realized was important for smell generation took into account the impact velocity and the wettability of the soil .
This is an excellent opportunity to do for your biochemistry vocabulary what we just did for your mechanical engineering vocabulary . The main component in petrichor that is responsible for the familiar pungent smell is known as geosmin . An easy way to double the total number of organic molecules that you know is to realize that if you just add the magic word “ synthase ” to a molecule , you now know the name of the protein enzyme that synthesizes it . For example , the bacteria that make geosmin use an enzyme called geosmin synthase . Of course there are some molecules that do n't need an enzyme to be made , and also some enzymes that will nonetheless use a different kind of name , but one can always hedge their guess with a countergambit about a different molecule and its enzyme .
This research has direct implications not just for how scented molecules are spread throughout the environment , but also for the spread of more contentious bacteria and viruses . Those elements that manage to hitch a ride on a cavitating bubble will have the advantage in getting dispersed . The fine surf generated by crashing waves is another commonplace physical mechanism which delivers a complex set of molecules from sea to land . These new experiments suggest that aerosols have been an underappreciated mechanism at work in the biosphere . It now appears that understanding the mechanics of molecular transfer is just as important as understanding the nature of the molecules themselves .
Now read : NASA 's new probe is powered by PlayStation
Ten weeks into his tenure as Research in Motion CEO , Thorsten Heins is now readying the axe . “ It 's now very clear to me that substantial change is what RIM needs , ” Heins said in a conference call and webcast with investors late on March 29 . As a result , he says has begun a massive restructuring of the smartphone and mobile device maker .
Part of that change includes cleaning house—a group of executives , including former co-CEO Jim Balsillie , have resigned or retired as the company prepared its financial results . ( RIM took a loss of $ 125 million for its fourth quarter , which just ended—compared to a $ 934 million profit a year ago . ) More may soon be swept out as Heins makes changes , and seeks to sell off or shut down parts of the business that do n't mesh with his vision of a newer , leaner RIM . “ We see that Blackberry can not succeed if we try to be everybody 's darling and all things to all people , ” Heins said .
Heins admitted the company was severely challenged on a number of fronts . The lack of an LTE-capable phone has hurt the company 's market share relative to Android , and the company has not had enough success driving existing customers to upgrade to the Blackberry 7 platform . Sales of the “ full touch ” Blackberry Torch line have not been growing at the same speed as the rest of the touch-screen phone market . And although the Playbook “ now has over a million customers , ” Heins announced , it 's well behind the performance of even individual Android tablet brands .
Heins said that mobile carriers still have a “ strong desire ” to continue to offer Blackberry products . But he noted that RIM 's late arrival to the “ bring your own device movement ” —and the tablet market in particular—had hurt the company with its core enterprise customers . “ We saw a significant slowdown in our enterprise subscriber rate as a result , ” he said . To regain enterprise market share , Heins said the company will do more to push its Blackberry Mobile Fusion management software , which offers mobile device management and security for Blackberry , Apple iOS , and Android devices , as well as subsidizing phone upgrades to Blackberry 7 devices . The upcoming Blackberry 10 platform , with a user interface similar to that of the Blackberry Playbook OS , will be introduced on LTE-capable Blackberry devices , he said .
Heins also said that RIM is looking at how to back away from its efforts to build a consumer-focused service business—the goal behind the acquisition last year of companies such as cloud-based video editing software company JayCut , cloud calendar management service Tungle , and social media and content services company NewBay . During his review of the company , he said “ it became clear to me that it would be difficult to build a profitable ( consumer ) value added services business at this time . ”
Content delivery services were specifically singled out by Heins as being a bad match for RIM 's strengths , and he said that the company would instead look to form partnerships with companies “ in areas that are not core to the business. ” Instead , the company will focus on integrated services , such as Blackberry Messaging , security and device management .
The company also revealed the financial blow it absorbed from the October Blackberry e-mail service outage . The crash cost RIM $ 54 million , according to the company—though , as ZDNet 's Zach Whittaker pointed out , this does n't reflect the loss of market share and drop in the company 's value that could be attributed to customers dropping RIM as a result of the service interruption .
The Chief of Police in Berkeley , California sent three detectives , one sergeant and a whole drug task force — all of them earning overtime pay — out into the January night to search for his son 's stolen iPhone , according to a report published Monday evening .
The complaint against Chief Michael Meehan was the subject of discussion at a recent meeting of the Berkeley Police Review Commission , a citizen watchdog group .
“ If your cell phone was stolen or my cell phone was stolen , I do n't think any officer would be investigating it , ” the group 's vice chairman , Michael Sherman , said during the meeting , according to Oakland Tribune reporter Kristin J. Bender . “ They have more important things to do . We have crime in the streets . ”
As Berkeley officers searched for the phone , following its GPS signal into Oakland , officers there reportedly dispatched members of a drug task force to aid the detectives ' search . No police report was ever written up regarding the incident and , despite having locating software installed , the chief 's son never had his phone returned .
An inquiry began after reporters started asking questions about the overtime pay . Those questions are bound to hurt Meehan 's reputation , especially with an ongoing , city-sponsored investigation into his last controversy . Meehan 's conduct in office came under scrutiny as recently as March , after he dispatched an officer to a reporter 's home in the middle of the night to request a correction to a published report .
Although Meehan later apologized to the reporter , the Tribune ‘ s report notes that the city has since spent “ roughly $ 25,000 ” leading a probe of the incident .
Buy Photo Indiana State Police Lt. Charles Cohen is a leader of Indiana 's Internet Crimes Against Children task force . One of the most aggressive ICAC task forces in the country , Indiana 's task force was responsible for the prosecution of Jared Fogle and Russell Taylor . ( Photo : Charlie Nye/The Star ) Buy Photo
It takes a certain kind of law enforcement officer to make the disgusting , yet vital , daily dive into the sewer of child pornography . But that 's life on the Internet Crimes Against Children task force .
The statewide team of child porn busters — the people who built the cases against Jared Fogle and Russell Taylor , the former head of Fogle 's foundation — is among the most prolific in the country in terms of arrests , averaging more than 200 per year from 2012 to 2014 .
But that record comes at a price : repeated exposure to children abused sexually . People often ask the investigators some version of the same question .
“ How can you stomach it ? ”
Nobody in law enforcement is required to take the job . Anyone can step away anytime . No questions asked .
“ This work is really stressful and difficult , ” said Steve DeBrota , assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Indiana . “ Some of the material these agents have to work with is horrific — beyond imagination , horrific . But the reason why , day in and day out , they keep doing that is because without dealing with that material , that kid wo n't be found . The worse that material , the more trouble that kid 's in . ”
Those who take on the difficult assignment are required to meet with a psychologist once a year . Beyond that , they must find other ways to cope .
Sometimes , when reviewing video evidence , they turn down the volume . The sounds of a child being violated , officers said , can be particularly haunting and hard to shake .
Most officers on the task force have the ability to compartmentalize , to separate work from the rest of their life . Humor outside work can help .
And everyone finds some relief in knowing that whatever they 're going through , they 're saving children from a much worse fate . Success is a psychological salve .
But there are moments during or right after an investigation when what they need most is each other . So they get together with the only people who truly understand what they are dealing with and talk over fried rice or sweet and sour chicken . They even have a name for it : “ Chinese buffet therapy . ”
“ What that provides is time to decompress , ” said Chuck Cohen , commander of the Indiana State Police cybercrime and investigative technology section . “ To say , ‘ Did you see this ? Can you believe this ? ' So you do n't have to go home and dwell on it individually . And that 's important . ”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now , not later . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
After all , they have to wake up tomorrow and do it again .
Monsters
Child porn is escalating in terms of quantity and severity , including the falling age of victims , DeBrota said .
The local task force — there are 60 others nationally — is among the nation 's most aggressive . It investigated more than 1,700 tips in 2014 just from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . Those reports often pull investigators down an Internet rabbit hole that multiplies the number of suspects .
This year , the task force is on pace to receive more than 2,000 such tips , or an average of more than four every day . And that does n't include reports from other law enforcement agencies or individuals , like the one that led to them to Fogle .
DeBrota said that in 2001 , law enforcement was aware of one set of sadistic child porn images on the Internet . Law enforcement today sees “ dozens and dozens and dozens . ”
And criminals are ever more sophisticated in covering their digital tracks .
That requires cyberspace savvy from the ICAC team , made up of officers from 40 local , state and federal agencies . They combat an ugly world where even some of the pedophiles draw imaginary moral lines , ratting out others they think have gone too far .
Even the worst criminals can find an affirming , kindred spirit on the Internet .
“ What 's happened over time , ” DeBrota said , “ is the monsters have found each other . ”
And in doing so , it can provide the illusion of normalcy .
Unlike Hoosier icon Fogle , the former spokesman of the Subway sandwich chain , many of those suspects had never stepped foot in Indiana . Pedophiles from as far away as Europe and Australia , as well as across the United States , have been brought to justice in Indiana . Some received sentences of hundreds of years or life in prison .
The crimes of those far-flung child pornographers involved sharing images with someone in Indiana , which caught the eye of ICAC . In one such case , DeBrota secured a 30-year prison sentence for an Australian man who had adopted a young boy , then traveled the world allowing other men to have sex with the child from the time he was a toddler until he was about 6 . Some of those sex acts were filmed , according to court records , and shared with others around the world .
“ The guy in Australia 's worst day , ” DeBrota said , “ was when some of that material hit Indiana . ”
Indiana formed its ICAC unit in 1991 , before federal law required every state to have one . Back then , the cases typically did n't involve a conspiracy among numerous people .
The criminals shared child porn by mail , finding each other through ads in adult newspapers offering , euphemistically , “ hard-to-find videos . ”
“ Everything changes in 1993 with easy Internet access , ” DeBrota said .
About that time , DeBrota was at a law enforcement conference where a long-retired prosecutor of child porn cases said he prided himself on the fact that he had never looked at any of the material .
“ I remember thinking , ‘ Why did n't they ? Would n't that be a crime scene ? ' ” DeBrota said . “ Could n't there be clues in the background you could use to maybe find the kids or maybe prove the case . If I was doing a bank robbery , would n't I look at the video of the bank robbery ? Of course I would . ”
That 's how they catch the monsters .
Solving the crimes
Consider the case of the “ hidden Mickey . ”
The photograph seemed innocuous on its own : A pre-teen girl in a bathing suit standing by a sink .
It was , however , among images uncovered by the Indiana investigators from an Internet cache that included pornographic pictures of the same little girl . But the seemingly innocent photograph helped rescue the girl and bring down a major worldwide child porn ring .
That photograph provided a series of obscure clues : a plastic drink cup , a lighting sconce , an electrical outlet , a baseball cap .
The sconce had a small Mickey Mouse symbol on it . That 's called a “ hidden Mickey , ” a subtle symbol that shows up at Disneyland or on Disney products . Disney enthusiasts delight in spotting them .
“ We knew we had a hidden Mickey , and Disney is not going to let that be in any kind of hotel , ” DeBrota said . “ Then we noticed a sign saying voltage limitations on this plug are the following . So we guessed it could n't be a hotel , it had to be a cruise ship . ”
There was enough in the photos to compare the class of the cabin to what Disney advertised on its website .
Law enforcement knew the photo was from around the Fourth of July . A University of Michigan baseball cap showed up in one of the photos . Maybe it was an alumni cruise , investigators thought .
Thanks to the clues , the child was removed from the situation that led to her exploitation , and the suspect eventually pleaded guilty and received a 35-year sentence for two counts of producing , distributing and receiving child porn .
“ Once you find the ‘ hidden Mickey , ' the rest of that took about three hours , ” DeBrota said . “ That 's cool stuff . So I get to have that happen . ... That 's so rewarding . When you can solve a crime like that , it does n't get better . ”
Public conversation
At the monthly meetings of the Indiana ICAC task force at the U.S. attorney 's office in Indianapolis , the talk is about current investigations , emerging technologies and the ways kids are communicating .
Part of what makes Indiana 's ICAC task force unique , DeBrota said , is that the various agencies work well together without concern for which one gets the credit .
Lindsey Olson , director of the exploited children division at the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , said the center “ has a long-standing , positive working relationship ” with the Indiana ICAC team .
Such partnerships are critical as child pornography and exploitation continues to flourish on the Internet . The center receives tips about child exploitation from the public as well as Facebook and Twitter , both of which are required to report suspected child exploitation . Those tips have increased by 500 percent since 2013 . Most of those reports , Olson said , relate to online child pornography .
“ They are very responsive to our reports , ” she explained . “ They do fantastic work . ”
But good police work , alone , wo n't eliminate child porn .
Kids with cellphones have to know that the person on the other end of their communication could be dangerous . As DeBrota sees it , too much of the conversation focuses on high schoolers .
He sees criminals going after kids in elementary school and junior high .
He has seen a fourth-grader involved in a “ sex-tortion ” case .
“ We 've got to have that public conversation about this , ” DeBrota said , “ because I do n't think we can investigate and prosecute our way out of this problem . ”
Tony Cook and Marisa Kwiatkowski contributed to this story .
Contact Mark Alesia at ( 317 ) 444-6311 . Follow him on Twitter : @ markalesia . Contact Tim Evans at ( 317 ) 444-6204 . Follow him on Twitter : @ starwatchtim .
How to make a report
To report suspected child pornography or exploitation , contact the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children at ( 800 ) 843-5678 or visit cybertipline.org .
If a child is in immediate danger , you can also call 911 .
More information on fighting child pornography and explotation is available at http : //www.missingkids.com/home and www.in.gov/attorneygeneral/2563.htm
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1EIcaFa
Elizabeth May says she was `` shaken up '' by the recent Parliament shootings when she sent out a series of tweets defending Jian Ghomeshi .
On Sunday , after the ousted CBC host issued a Facebook post saying he was fired for his `` sexual behaviour , '' the Green Party leader took to Twitter , writing , `` I think Jian is wonderful . Likely TMI for an old fogey like me , but his private life is none of our beeswax . ''
After her comments sparked a torrent of criticism , May published a statement explaining that she had n't yet read a Toronto Star story which contained allegations from three women who say the `` Q '' radio host was physically violent to them without their consent during sexual encounters or in the run-up to such encounters . Through his lawyer , Ghomeshi told the Star that he `` does not engage in non-consensual role play or sex and any suggestion of the contrary is defamatory . ''
Story continues below advertisement
In an interview with The Canadian Press , May said her emotional state was affected by the attack on Parliament Hill last week and she did not think carefully before posting her initial comments .
`` I have to say the last week for me has been unusual , '' she said by phone from Ottawa . `` I do n't want to overplay this because people might think I was pandering , but it 's true . I 've been shaken up by what happened here Wednesday . ''
`` So I guess one thing I 've learned from this incident is : do n't reply to tweets , do n't stay on , do n't stay engaged on Twitter when you know that you 're feeling kind of emotional . ''
May is among several public figures who have waded into the heated online debate surrounding Ghomeshi — which experts and lawyers say can be a dangerous venture . While the facts around the case remain murky , many on social media have been quick to cast judgment .
Canadian musician Owen Pallett dropped a bombshell Tuesday on Facebook , speaking out against Ghomeshi , whom he considers a friend . Meanwhile , electro-pop artist Lights — who is managed by the radio host — has stood by him , writing , `` I love you Jian . You 're my superhero . ''
May said her immediate reaction to news that the CBC had cut ties with Ghomeshi was an emotional one . After the radio star published the Facebook post Sunday , she said she believed that was the full story .
She added that her last interaction with Ghomeshi was to send him a note of condolence after the recent death of his father and that her immediate response was compassion .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` It was almost instantaneous concern , '' she said . `` I thought , 'Boy , that must have been hard to reveal that much about your personal life ( in the Facebook post ) . ' This is a tough time for him and that 's all I was thinking . It never occurred to me that there was an accusation of violence . ''
May did n't read the Star story until after Question Period the following day . She continued to defend Ghomeshi in the interim , telling one user , `` I have known Jian and something at work here does n't make sense . Innocent until proven guilty . ''
She withdrew her statements after reading the allegations . However , she pointed out that some of her comments on Twitter have been taken out of context . When one user accused her of `` buying into '' rape culture , she replied , `` As a feminist , I do not buy into rape culture . ''
Many have interpreted that statement as meaning that May does not believe that rape culture exists . Rather , the MP says she meant that she does not support rape culture .
`` This is the problem with Twitter . The whole thread is n't clear to people , '' she said .
Unfortunately , people tend to remember the initial reaction , not the correction , said Jeffrey Dvorkin , director of the journalism program at the University of Toronto 's Scarborough campus .
Story continues below advertisement
`` It 's the nature of accuracy in the media that the first gesture is the one that 's remembered . It 's not the follow-up or the correction or the contextualization , '' he said . `` The first statement is emotional . The second statement is intellectual . People always remember the emotional . ''
Dvorkin has followed the social media reaction closely as it unfolded over the past few days . He says what struck him is how quickly people have jumped to conclusions .
`` Social media encourages opinion . It does n't have the same force of encouraging thoughtful discourse that occurs after all the facts are known . It makes it a more volatile environment , '' he said .
One person who witnessed the swift rush to Ghomeshi 's side was Justin Beach , who has run a Facebook page called `` Friends of the CBC '' since 2005 . After Ghomeshi posted his statement on Sunday , Beach saw a groundswell of support among his members , including some who asked the page name be changed to `` Friends of Jian Ghomeshi . ''
`` They were echoing a lot of things that were in his statement , that first of all the CBC should have never let him go , that they should n't have let him go unless he was convicted of a crime , that the CBC management had no place in his personal life , '' said Beach .
Ghomeshi 's Facebook page had more than 105,000 `` likes '' as of Wednesday morning . Online petitions defending him have also surfaced , including one that aims to support Ghomeshi and his `` privacy rights '' that has drawn more than 4,400 signatures .
Story continues below advertisement
`` He is a very charming and very skilled on-air personality , '' said Greg Elmer , director of the Infoscape Centre for the Study of Social Media at Ryerson University , when asked why fans have flocked to Ghomeshi 's side .
`` He 's very unique in that sense . There are n't that many people in the Canadian media sphere who I think resonate as much as Ghomeshi does . ''
But social media users rushing to judgment should remember that they are equally liable for their statements as any newspaper or radio station , said Marko Vesely , who practices commercial litigation at Lawson Lundell LLP in Vancouver .
In fact , even sharing a libellous statement on Twitter could get them in trouble , he said .
`` There is not a lower standard or freedom to speak on the Internet free of the burden of defamation law . That comes as a surprise to some people , '' said Vesely . `` The other legal principle that comes as a surprise is that republishing a libel is the same as committing a libel . ''
As for May , she says she wants to offer support to the unnamed women who have accused the radio host . At the same time , she still considers Ghomeshi a friend and offers him her compassion as well .
Story continues below advertisement
`` It 's a dreadful , tragic story . If all the charges against him are true , it 's a tragic story . There 's no question about it . For somebody who has tumbled so far , I do n't have contempt for someone in those circumstances . I have compassion . ''
Sony is n't making the most compelling Android phones these days , but it does at least try to put out good software . It 's one of the most developer-friendly OEMs and it was even the first to release the N preview on non-Nexus hardware . Now , Sony has the distinction of being the first to do something else . The latest version of the Xperia Home beta has a Google Now pane just like the Google Now Launcher—no other OEM has done this on its custom launcher .
To give this a shot , you need to have a recent Xperia phone ( exact models not listed ) . It 's an open beta that anyone can join by visiting this link from the phone . A toast message will appear at the bottom of the screen to confirm your participation in the beta . The updated home screen should install on your device shortly thereafter . This seems like a weird way to do things , but okay . If you want to leave the beta , you 'll have to use this link from the phone .
Here 's everything Sony says it has changed in the new version .
After listening to Beta feedback , search bar in application tray is now transparent .
Added notification badge support for Facebook & Facebook messenger .
Fixed legacy support for notification badges on Kitkat and Lollipop for Xperia Messaging , Telephony & Email .
It is now possible to add Google Now on the -1 pane ( enabled from Home Settings ) .
Bug fixes and tweaks
The big news here is obviously Google Now on the home screen . Sony 's launcher defaults to using the center panel as the `` main '' one , just like stock Android used to do back in the day . Turning on Google Now in the launcher settings will move your main screen to the left side , then you can swipe left once to access Google Now . It looks and works exactly like it does in the Google Now Launcher .
Google has n't made any tools for Google Now publicly available , which is why no third-party launchers have a Google Now panel . It 's not clear if Sony just got something special from Google , or maybe all OEMs have the option of doing this and none of them have bothered yet . Whatever the situation , Sony is the only company to add Google Now support in this way . It 's worth checking out if you 've got an Xperia .
Greetings to our backers ,
As the title of this update suggests we are going to be sending you your Backer Survey today , probably in the next hour or two . We look forward to you completing it . A few keen and anxious backers have sent us emails or KS messages requesting we update their shipping address . Even if you have done that it is vital that you provide us with your shipping address via the survey . Please do not assume we have it via any other means .
The survey will not include anything related to purchasing additional copies , add-ons , or other related KS items . We will be doing pre-orders and the ordering of additional items via our website in a few weeks .
As for the final Sneak Peek ( aka Ultimate Preview ) , we will message the appropriate backer levels with the link in the next few hours . You are welcome to submit any typos or similar via the glorantha.com website forums . We will be accepting feedback for ONE week , and after one more week of final polishing the books go off to the printers . We will announce a `` printing will be done '' timeframe in another update later this month , once we have that date from our printers . In case you are wondering , the books will be printed in the USA .
As always , thank you for your support .
Most Canadians know that the right to die will soon be the law of the land . Most Canadians enthusiastically approve . But how many know that right may well extend to the mentally ill – people whose sufferings are psychological ?
The answer is , very few . Almost no one seems to be aware that we are rushing headlong into a moral quagmire , with profound questions that have not been debated in Parliament and have largely been ignored in the news media .
Everyone in my informal canvass of liberal-minded friends and neighbours was shocked to hear that euthanasia for psychological suffering is even on the table . Yet three months from now , it could be the law of the land . That is what the parliamentary committee on assisted dying proposed in its report last week . The rationale is that psychiatric patients should have the same rights as everybody else .
Story continues below advertisement
Think about it . Legalizing marijuana is so fraught with complications that it wo n't happen any time soon . But legalizing euthanasia for seriously depressed people ? No problem !
Obviously , psychiatric illness can produce grievous suffering . But it is not the same as terminal cancer . Psychiatrists ' practices are filled with people who want to die . Their decision making is frequently impaired by their illness . People who are suicidal often change their minds . And major mental illness , although often incurable , can often be relieved . So can the conditions that make it worse , such as social isolation , poverty and homelessness . You are not likely to find a mental health leader in Canada who has argued that the right to die would serve the greater good of psychiatric patients .
Like most Canadians , I believe the time has come for a narrow right-to-die law for people who are near the end stage of life . The current Quebec law and the Oregon law are good models . Instead , the Liberal-dominated parliamentary committee has advocated the most expansive euthanasia laws in the world . Its report is a rushed and slipshod piece of work , uninformed by experiences in other jurisdictions and overwhelmingly influenced by the zealotry of the right-to-die movement .
Harvey Chochinov , a professor of psychiatry and also the Canada Research Chair in palliative care at the University of Manitoba , believes the parliamentary committee 's report is recklessly ill-considered . `` It 's very worrisome that they went so far , and so far beyond the Supreme Court decision , '' he says . `` Quebec spent years deliberating this . [ The committee ] spent a few weeks . ''
Dr. Chochinov is uniquely qualified to comment . He chaired the external panel on assisted dying that was created by the previous federal government . That panel spent five months diving into the issues . Its 462-page report was a carefully considered framework for implementing assisted death that dealt comprehensively with the legal , professional and ethical pitfalls . It is everything the parliamentary report is not .
One of the experts the panel interviewed was Linda Ganzini of Oregon , a world leader in the field of psychiatric illness and capacity to consent . Dr. Ganzini told them she was dumbfounded that Canada was considering euthanasia for psychological suffering .
Evidence from the Benelux countries shows that when patient autonomy is extended to those with psychological conditions , it does n't play out well . Recently a Dutch man in his 30s who suffered terribly from autism and social isolation asked a psychiatrist for euthanasia . The psychiatrist refused , both on grounds of conscience and because he thought the man was treatable . He referred the man to another doctor ( as obliged to by the law ) , who said yes .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Between 2011 and 2014 , 110 people in the Netherlands ( whose population is about half of Canada 's ) were euthanized for psychiatric suffering . They made up just a tiny fraction of the total , but the numbers are growing fast . Psychiatrist Scott Kim of the U.S. National Institutes of Health analyzed 66 of these cases . He found that women made up 70 per cent of the total . Personality disorders were prominent , and many suffered from social isolation and loneliness . Some had never been hospitalized , and some had received no obvious treatment . One woman was accepted for euthanasia because she said she had had a life without love , and therefore no right to exist .
In Belgium , people have been euthanized because they were suffering from depression , eating disorders or post-traumatic stress disorder . Many were disturbingly young .
Canada 's parliamentary committee on assisted death has treated this issue as if the debate is over . In fact , it never began . We 're about to jump right off a moral cliff – and we do n't even know it .
Ben Wu took a six-figure pay cut when he left a career in private equity for a shot at the marijuana boom .
Trained to spot small businesses with big potential , he started this year as chief executive of Kush Bottles , a Santa Ana company that sells child-resistant plastic cannabis containers .
It took some persuading to get his parents and girlfriend to embrace the move . But Wu insists it was a sound business decision . As the pot industry blossoms , he reasoned , a robust supply chain is needed to help grow , package and market legal marijuana .
`` The sky 's the limit , '' said Wu , 35 , a New York University business school graduate and former vice president at Wedbush Capital Partners . `` As long as states continue to adopt , we 're going to double growth each and every year . ''
Container brands like Kush Bottles are among a slew of ancillary companies joining what many are calling the green rush . Where there 's weed , there 's also a growing need for everything from greenhouses and fertilizer to pipes and vaporizers .
The sky 's the limit . As long as states continue to adopt , we 're going to double growth each and every year . — Ben Wu , CEO of Kush Bottles
`` The annual revenue is easily in the hundreds of millions , and likely much more , '' said Chris Walsh , editor of website Marijuana Business Daily .
Demand for pot-related products and services is expected to grow sharply as more states loosen marijuana laws . Already , 21 states and Washington , D.C. , allow the sale of some form of pot .
Entrepreneurs are attracted by the industry 's open field , with few established players and many untapped markets . Some say the marijuana boom reminds them of the Gold Rush a century and a half ago .
`` We 're selling shovels in a gold rush is all we 're doing , '' said Rich Nagle , a former electrical engineer who now peddles an automated indoor marijuana growing system , designed to be managed remotely with a smartphone .
Don Bartletti , Los Angeles Times Ben Wu gave up a career in private equity to lead a Santa Ana company that sells child-resistant plastic cannabis containers . Ben Wu gave up a career in private equity to lead a Santa Ana company that sells child-resistant plastic cannabis containers . ( Don Bartletti , Los Angeles Times )
No one has been able to estimate the potential market for ancillary products and services . But legal cannabis sales are expected to grow to $ 2.57 billion this year , up from $ 1.53 billion a year ago , according to ArcView Group , a San Francisco investment network and market research firm focused on legal cannabis .
In addition to product suppliers , marijuana retailers and dispensaries are also increasingly seeking lawyers , accountants and security consultants , said Troy Dayton , CEO and co-founder of ArcView . But many of those professional firms still avoid the pot business .
`` The reason there 's so much opportunity in ancillary businesses is because the industry is being underserved by traditional players , '' Dayton said . `` In part , it 's because they fear the reputational risk and they fear the market is too small . But it 's growing fast . ''
Growers and dispensaries offer some of the quickest returns on investments and fattest profit margins . But they also are exposed to risks that do n't affect supply chain companies .
The federal government still classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug , on par with heroin and ecstasy . That means any enterprise that handles pot faces the threat of closure or prosecution , no matter what state laws say . Because it 's a cash-only business , companies that sell pot are also at higher risk of being robbed or burglarized : Most banks are prohibited from taking deposits from marijuana sellers .
`` Any time you 're literally touching marijuana , you 're subject to a different set of laws , '' said Justin Hartfield , founder of Weedmaps , a review website that is similar to Yelp but for pot dispensaries . `` We do n't touch the product itself , and that 's how we 're able to get a bank account . ''
Hartfield 's site is one of the most recognized brands to emerge out of the recent rise of legalized pot . Founded in 2007 , shortly after Hartfield received his first medical marijuana card , Weedmaps grossed about $ 25 million in revenue last year .
Dispensaries post their menu of marijuana plants and prices for a monthly fee of $ 420 .
Hartfield is building an empire around legalized marijuana . The Weedmaps site is one of a constellation of ventures , including the recently redesigned Marijuana.com , a news and forum site , and MMJ Menu , a point-of-sales software for tracking marijuana sales , inventory and patients .
Hartfield , who grew up in Hawthorne , is betting the federal government will relax marijuana laws , fueling the growth of his brands . His treasure trove of data on usage and pricing , as well as an expanding network of sellers , helps his business stand out .
`` I think we 've grown a business and brand that would be either ripe for acquisition or something we could build out long term . I think we have a lot of value . So we 're begging for legalization , '' Hartfield , 30 , said as he sat inside his sprawling new headquarters at an office park in Irvine .
Wu , of Kush Bottles , is closely following state-level legalization efforts . As more states permit pot , regulators will be looking at child safety requirements for plastic pharmaceutical containers that typically carry much of the nation 's medical marijuana .
Unlike child-resistant twist-off containers , Kush Bottles opens only when squeezed with enough strength . That 's intended to stop children 5 and younger from opening them .
`` This is pharmaceutical packaging , '' Wu said . `` We did n't reinvent the wheel . This industry is really great at adapting what 's already out there and using it for their products . ''
Part of Wu 's business strategy is having his sales team call or visit dispensaries to educate them about the laws for containers . Several states require child-resistant bottles . California has no such rules , but about half of Kush Bottles ' sales come from the Golden State .
Wu said the company 's focus on safety alleviated some of his girlfriend 's reservations about his job change . She initially feared that Wu would become the next Walter White , the chemistry teacher turned meth cook in the hit TV drama `` Breaking Bad . ''
The new job took some adjusting . Wu put away his business suits and learned how to convert grams to ounces . To boost his cred , he schooled himself on the lingo for different strains of marijuana such as OG Kush and Sour Diesel .
Still , when strangers ask him what he does for a living , he simply says he 's in pharmaceutical packaging .
`` I go to sleep very easily knowing the DEA is not going to kick down my door , '' Wu said .
david.pierson @ latimes.com
A Federal Aviation Administration advisory committee `` has concluded passengers can safely use hand-held electronic devices , including those connected to onboard Wi-Fi systems , during all portions of flights on nearly all US airliners , '' the Wall Street Journal reported last night .
The committee 's report and recommendations have n't been released yet , but a senior Amazon.com official who leads the advisory group 's technical subcommittee revealed the contents to the newspaper . `` Nearly all airline fleets 'already have been so dramatically improved and aircraft are so resilient ' to electronic interference , according to Paul Misener , Amazon 's vice president of global public policy , that the committee concluded they would be safe for 'gate to gate use ' of such devices , '' the WSJ wrote .
We noted last week that the FAA was nearing a decision to remove the requirement that electronic devices be turned off and put away during takeoff and landing , with the change becoming official next year . At the time , though , the New York Times reported , `` The ban on sending and receiving e-mails and text messages or using Wi-Fi during takeoff or landing is expected to remain in place , as is the prohibition on making phone calls throughout the flight . ''
Cellular connections will still be off-limits under the committee 's recommendations `` because of long-standing Federal Communications Commission rules prohibiting airborne cellular service , '' the Journal wrote last night . The committee is urging the FAA to work with the FCC to `` reassess those restrictions '' on cellular use . However , the FAA panel 's recommendations would allow passengers to be online during all phases of a flight , as long as they 're willing to pay for the airline 's on-board Wi-Fi service , of course .
SALT LAKE CITY — A relationship is a lot like a car . When it 's new , we treat it like the most precious and exciting thing in the world . We would never dream of leaving garbage lying around inside or neglecting it in any way . We wash it frequently and make sure to keep up on the maintenance .
However , over time complacency sets in and the car/relationship does not bring as much excitement as it did in the beginning . We begin caring less about the cleanliness and may slack on the care we once diligently showed the car .
When brand new , a car ( and relationship for that matter ) is unlikely to show signs of problems . You do n't often hear of a new car having the check engine light come on unless the car has more miles on it . How many of us groan when we see that light on ? If the car is still running and sounds OK , it is easy to avoid getting it into a mechanic to check it out .
It comes down to this : Sometimes it seems easier to avoid problems if things seem `` fine '' rather than tackling them and dealing with them right away .
This may seem like the easier option in the beginning ; however , what happens when we avoid that check engine light ? If there is a serious problem and we keep driving the car , we can make it worse . The same goes for relationships . The longer we avoid issues , the more likely it is that the damage is going to be worse over time — sometimes to the point that things are irreparable .
Often by the time a couple gets into therapy , their relationship is already at the point of practically falling apart . For the couple that has avoided their problems for years , by the time they get to the couch in my office , one or both has already given up on the relationship . The relationship is ready to crumble and is hanging by a thread . It takes a great deal of effort from each party in order to repair the damage . Sometimes the damage is too much , and in spite of their best efforts , relationships fall apart .
Please know I am not trying to suggest that there is zero chance for a couple who has experienced avoidance over a long period of time to save their marriage . Yes , it is possible and I 've seen it happen , but only through very hard work from both parties , and a willingness for each person to take a good , hard look at him or herself . But would n't it be nice to be aware of the pitfalls of avoidance so you can prevent the damage in the first place ?
Related :
9 relationship tips from the pros With Valentine 's Day fast approaching , many people are thinking about their relationships . Here 's a roundup of relationship advice from the best and brightest couples therapists to help you keep the romance alive and your relationship happy , healthy and stable .
Acknowledge the check engine light
To tackle this issue of avoidance , we must first understand denial . Denial is tricky . It can be a friend or a foe . Denial is the brain 's way of defending itself . This is helpful and adaptive for situations in which we need to titrate information because taking it all at once would overwhelm the system . For example , a person who experiences a significant loss may need to be in denial for a while until the brain is ready to process what has happened . When denial is adaptive , the brain eventually processes all the pieces of an overwhelming incident ( in fragments ) and is able , at some point , to acknowledge what has happened .
However , sometimes we get a little too comfortable with denial , particularly in relationships . This presents in various ways . Sometimes they present in subtle ways and some are more difficult and emotionally charged . Some common issues people avoid bringing up include :
Finding yourself bored in your relationship .
Losing touch with your partner emotionally , sexually and mentally .
Changing over time and feeling that you and your partner are no longer on the same wavelength .
Not wanting to cause conflict .
No longer finding your partner attractive .
Thinking `` the grass may be greener '' somewhere else .
No longer having as much energy for the relationship .
It 's never comfortable to acknowledge that these issues are going on , but the only way to prevent further damage from occurring is to face them .
Be prepared for feedback and practice listening
If you want your relationship to be happy and healthy , it 's going to take work . Yes , relationships can be fun and exciting , particularly in the beginning `` honeymoon phase . '' But even the most compatible people are going to find that they have to work to help their relationship grow over time and to survive the long haul .
Too often , there is an ideal that we are supposed to meet someone , fall in love , and all pieces are supposed to fall together like some sort of fairytale . This is definitely not reality . Your partner is going to bother you from time to time and you are going to bother them . You may find that you get bored at times with the monotony of day-to-day life . Each of you may be tired and just trying to make it through the daily grind . These are all normal issues and all can be worked through .
But be prepared to listen to each other , and own your part in each issue . Work on not being defensive by tracking yourself closely . Pay attention to your urges and try to keep your breathing even and consistent before you respond . It 's OK to take breaks during this process . Not everything is going to be solved in one sitting .
Be consistent
Doing this once and then falling back into the same old habits is just not going to cut it . If you want a relationship that is strong and can stand the test of time , both parties must commit to consistently taking inventory of the relationship , their part in all issues , and working through them . The good news : The more you do this , the less uncomfortable it gets .
Just like a car , the better you care for your relationship , the better it will be to you and the happier you will both be in the long run .
×
Related Stories
The new Lifetime biopic recreates the moment the late singer brought home her new husband .
Aaliyah 's family was understandably not pleased when she married to R. Kelly at 15 years old—he was 28 . The new Lifetime biopic recreates the moment the late singer brought home her new husband . “ You did what ? ! ” asks Aaliyah 's father ( played by actor Sterling Jarvis ) . “ Did you lie on the marriage license ? ” he asks .
In real life , Vibe Magazine later uncovered that , yes , Aaliyah ( played by Alexandra Shipp in the biopic ) did lie about her age . In a published marriage license , her age is listed as 18 . The “ marriage ” lasted for about seven months , and was annuled by her parents in February 1995 .
Talk show host Wendy Williams , who is the movie 's executive producer , has said that it was important to portray the scandalous relationship in the film . Williams recalled telling Lifetime they had to “ get this Aaliyah movie right . ”
“ I was very popular on the radio for Aaliyah 's rise and untimely death . I want to hear about R. Kelly… Do n't skate over it . This needs to be a big plot line , ” she said .
Music critic Jim DeRogatis has found some issues with the film 's portrayal of Aaliyah and Kelly 's relationship . In a blog post , DeRogatis , who has covered Kelly 's career extensively , writes that fans “ deserve better than the sanitized , soft-pedaled version of her disturbing sexual relationship with Chicago producer R. Kelly when she was 14 and he was 27 . ”
DeRogatis adds that court documents show that the relationship was “ one of abuse and victimization , far from the “ puppy love ” seen in Aaliyah : The Princess of R & B . ”
As previously reported , Aaliyah 's family is not supportive of the film and is reportedly planning a biopic of their own .
Aaliyah : The Princess of R & B airs this Saturday at 8pm ET on Lifetime .
Will you be tuning in ?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
RESEARCHERS have known for years that children whose mothers were chronically stressed during pregnancy—by famine , anxiety , the death of a relative or marital discord , for instance—show higher-than-normal rates of various psychological and behavioural disorders when they are adults . They have also known for a long time that those brought up in abusive environments often turn out to be abusive themselves . The second of these observations is usually put down to learning . The reason for the first has remained unclear . A study just published by Axel Meyer , Thomas Elbert and their colleagues at the University of Konstanz in Germany , however , points to a phenomenon called epigenetics as the likely answer . And if Drs Meyer and Elbert are right , it also suggests an alternative explanation for the inheritance of abusiveness .
Epigenetics is a type of gene regulation that can be passed from a cell to its daughters . The most common mechanism is methylation . This attaches methyl groups ( a carbon atom and three hydrogens ) to either adenine or cytosine , two of the four chemical bases that form the alphabet of DNA , depending on the gene involved . The consequence is to inactivate the gene being methylated .
In the case of stress , previous studies have suggested that methylation of the gene which encodes glucocorticoid receptors is important . Glucocorticoid receptors relay signals from stress hormones in the blood into cells . In particular , they do so in those regions of the brain that control behaviour . Newborns whose mothers suffered from depression while they were pregnant are known to have more highly methylated glucocorticoid-receptor genes than others . The same is true of children who were abused when young . In infants , the level of glucocorticoid-receptor methylation is correlated with the release , in response to stress , of higher-than-normal amounts of stress hormones . And in rats , such methylation makes young animals especially sensitive to stress , and also fearful of novelty .
What has been unclear until now , however , is how long such effects persist . Dr Meyer 's and Dr Elbert 's study , published in Translational Psychiatry , offers a clue .
Their team examined the methylation of the glucocorticoid-receptor gene in a group of children ranging in age from ten to 19 years , and in those children 's mothers . The researchers also used a psychological survey to try to determine which of the mothers had been physically or psychologically abused before , during or after pregnancy . They found that women abused during pregnancy were significantly more likely than others to have a child with methylated glucocorticoid-receptor genes . By contrast , abuse before or after pregnancy resulted in no such correlation . Nor was the mother 's own methylation affected by violence towards her . Taken together , these results suggest that glucocorticoid-receptor-gene methylation happens in the fetus in response to a mother 's stress , and persists into adolescence .
This has implications for those adolescents ' long-term health . Dampened glucocorticoid-receptor-gene activity has been shown to increase the risk of obesity , of depression and of some autoimmune diseases . It also makes people more impulsive and aggressive—and therefore , if male , more likely to abuse the pregnant mothers of their children , thus perpetuating the whole sorry cycle .
Why , in light of such negative effects , have humans evolved to be programmed this way while still in the womb ? Part of the answer is probably that not all the negative consequences would have shown up at the time the mechanism was evolving . Obesity , for example , is rare in a state of nature . The other part is that some of the consequences probably have a positive effect . If a mother lives in an environment where fear-inducing experiences are common , say , giving her offspring a sensitivity to fear may be no bad thing .
What can be done with such knowledge is unclear . Drugs that demethylate DNA are under development , but are still some way from approval—and , in any case , interfering with epigenetics , which is a widespread mechanism of gene regulation , is a drastic approach . The research might , though , point to the period when intervening to stop abuse will have the greatest effect . Then again , such intervention is always desirable , for the sake of both mother and child .
A position coach for the University of Connecticut 's football team said he intends to add a new “ superstar ” recruit to the Huskies ' squad : Jesus Christ .
UConn , which is a public institution , recently hired Ernest T. Jones to serve as the team 's running backs coach and also as its director of “ player engagement. ” Since nobody would know what “ player engagement ” means without an explanation , Jones was kind enough to clarify .
“ We develop [ the players ] socially , intellectually , spiritually , physically , ” Jones said in a recent radio interview . “ That 's what we 're going to do for these young people and [ UConn Head ] Coach [ Bob ] Diaco has allowed me to oversee the social and spiritual part of the development . I mean , this is big . This is a big part of our program . ”
Spiritual development ? That sounds problematic at a public institution . Worse , it turns out that Jones has a very specific type of spiritual development in mind – not to mention that he does n't seem to understand what the word “ non-denominational ” means .
“ And we 're going to do things in our building , fellowship , non-denominational type things , players , coaches , ” Jones said . “ We 're going to make sure they understand that Jesus Christ should be in the center of our huddle , that that 's something that is important . If you want to be successful and you want to win , get championships , then you better understand that this did n't happen because of you . This happened because of our Lord and Savior . That 's going to be something said by Bob Diaco . That 's something that 's going to be said by Ernest Jones . That 's who we are . ”
We 're throwing a penalty flag on this idea . No public school employee should be actively working to coerce his or her students ( or players ) into accepting any religious belief . Jones ' job is to coach football , and that 's where his focus should be .
Then again , Jones ' attitude should n't come as much of a surprise given that the former Alcorn State University ( Mississippi ) wide receiver 's last job was as director of player engagement at the University of Notre Dame .
Although when it comes to Jesus , Jones may be more likely to talk the talk than walk the walk . Back in 2008 , Jones was the head coach at his alma matter , but he was fired for “ malfeasance and contumacious conduct ” ( essentially going rogue ) after just one season .
More specifically , the university said Jones opened a bank account in which he deposited fund-raising money , even though he did n't have the authority to do so . He also bought Russell Athletic shoes for his team even though the squad had an exclusive deal with Nike , then did n't follow the proper procedure for cleaning up that $ 11,000 mess . Additionally , he reserved a hotel room for a game without permission .
I do n't know if Jones asked for Jesus ' help with that Alcorn State squad , but his team finished 2-8 . He later sued for wrongful termination , but the case was dismissed .
As for UConn , there is a sense of urgency given that the football program has been mired in mediocrity for some time , posting an overall 87-93 record since 1999 . But it 's safe to say that spirituality is n't the reason the team has n't succeeded . And Jones ' plan is only going to make matters worse .
Fortunately UConn 's president , Susan Herbst , quickly recognized that Jones was way out of line . In a statement , she said school employees are forbidden from endorsing religion and that all students should feel welcome at the school . She 's exactly right , and we hope this will be the end of the matter .
But Jones needs to be watched . “ Touchdown Jesus ” may have been a symbol at Notre Dame , but that should not be the case at any public university . If Jones ca n't accept the reality that he has to be inclusive , he may soon face a very hard hit from the U.S. Constitution .
The last few decades have been the most peaceful era in human history . For the first time ever , fewer people die today from human violence than from traffic accidents , obesity or even suicide . Whereas in early agricultural societies human violence caused up to 15 % of all human deaths , and in the twentieth century it caused 5 % , today it is responsible for only about 1 % . Yet the international climate is rapidly deteriorating ; warmongering is back in vogue , and military expenditure is ballooning . Both laypeople and experts fear that just as in 1914 the murder of an Austrian archduke sparked the First World War , in 2017 some incident in the Syrian Desert or an unwise move in the Korean Peninsula might ignite a global conflict .
Yet there are several key differences between 2017 and 1914 . Back then , war had great appeal to elites across the world because they had concrete examples for how successful wars contribute to economic success and political power . Now , successful wars seem to be an endangered species .
From the days of Assyria and Rome , great empires were usually built through war , and elites in 1914 had plenty of recent examples for the huge profits a successful war can bring . In 1846–48 the United States invaded Mexico , and for the price of 13,000 dead American soldiers , it got California , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , New Mexico and parts of Colorado , Kansas , Wyoming and Oklahoma . It was the bargain of the millennium . Similarly , imperial Japan cherished its victories over China and Russia ; Germany glorified its triumph over France ; and almost every great power had a string of splendid little colonial wars to its name . When France , Britain or Italy contemplated putting boots on the ground in Vietnam , Nigeria or Libya , their main fear was that somebody else might get there first .
In 2017 , global elites do n't know what a successful war even looks like . They may have read about them in history books and seen fanciful recreations in Hollywood blockbusters , but they have good reason to suspect that this type of war has gone extinct . Though some third-world dictators and non-state actors still manage to flourish through war , it seems that major powers no longer know how to do so .
The greatest victory in living memory — of the United States over the Soviet Union — was achieved without any major military confrontation . The U.S. then got a fleeting taste of old-fashioned military glory in the First Gulf War — which only tempted it to waste trillions on humiliating military fiascos in Iraq and Afghanistan . China , the rising power of the early twenty-first century , has assiduously avoided all armed conflicts since its Vietnamese debacle of 1979 , and it owes its ascent strictly to economic factors . In this , it has emulated not the Japanese and German empires of the pre-1914 era , but rather the nonviolent Japanese and German economic miracles of the post-1945 era .
Even in the Middle East , regional powers do n't know how to wage successful wars . Iran gained nothing from the long bloodbath of the Iran-Iraq War and subsequently avoided all direct military confrontations . It became regional hegemon by default , as its two main enemies — the U.S. and Iraq — got embroiled in a war that destroyed both Iraq and the American appetite for Middle Eastern quagmires .
Much the same can be said of Israel , which waged its last successful war fifty years ago . Since 1967 , Israel has prospered despite its many wars , not thanks to them . Its conquered territories are a heavy economic burden and a crippling political liability . Like Iran , Israel has recently improved its geopolitical position not by waging successful wars , but by avoiding getting sucked into the wars that devastated Iraq , Syria and Libya .
The only recent successful war waged by a major power has been the Russian conquest of the Crimea . However , it was made possible by an extraordinary set of circumstances : The Ukrainian army showed no resistance ; other powers refrained from intervening ; and the Crimean population either supported the invaders or peacefully accepted the conquest as a fait accompli . These circumstances will be hard to reproduce . If the precondition for a successful war is the absence of any enemies willing to resist , it limits the available opportunities .
Indeed , when Russia sought to reproduce its Crimean success in other parts of Ukraine , it encountered substantially stiffer opposition , and the war in eastern Ukraine bogged down into an unproductive stalemate . Conquering decrepit Soviet-era factories in Luhansk and Donetsk hardly pays for the war , and it certainly does not offset the costs of international sanctions .
The conquest of Crimea notwithstanding , it seems that in the twenty-first century the most successful strategy is to keep your peace and let others do the fighting for you . Why has it become so difficult for major powers to wage successful wars ?
One reason is the change in the nature of the economy . In the past , if you defeated your enemy on the battlefield , you could easily cash in by looting enemy cities , selling enemy civilians in the slave markets and occupying valuable wheat fields and gold mines . Yet in the twenty-first century , only puny profits could be made that way . Today , the main economic assets consist of technical and institutional knowledge — and you can not conquer knowledge through war . An organization such as ISIS may flourish by looting cities and oil wells in the Middle East — in 2014 , ISIS seized more than $ 500 million from Iraqi banks and in 2015 made an additional $ 500 million from selling oil . But China and the U.S. are unlikely to start a war for a paltry billion . As for spending trillions of dollars on a war against the U.S. , how could China repay these expenses and balance all the war damages and lost trade opportunities ? Would the victorious People 's Liberation Army loots the riches of Silicon Valley ? True , corporations such as Apple , Facebook and Google are worth hundreds of billions of dollars , but you can not seize these fortunes by force . There are no silicon mines in Silicon Valley .
A successful war could theoretically still bring huge profits by enabling the victor to rearrange the global trade system in its favor , as the U.S. did after its victory over Hitler . However , present-day military technology would make it extremely difficult to repeat this feat . By definition , profits large enough to make a global war worthwhile for the victor will also make it worthwhile for the loser to resort to weapons of mass destruction . The atom bomb has turned “ victory ” in a World War into collective suicide . It is no coincidence that since Hiroshima superpowers never fought one another directly , and engaged only in what ( for them ) were low-stake conflicts in which none was tempted to use nuclear weapons to avert defeat . Indeed , even attacking a second-rate nuclear power such as Iran or North Korea is an extremely unattractive proposition .
Cyber warfare makes things even worse for would-be imperialists . As recently as the days of George W. Bush , the U.S. could wreak havoc in far-off Fallujah while the Iraqis had no means of retaliating against San Francisco . But if the U.S. now attacks a country possessing even moderate cyber warfare capabilities , malware and logic bombs could stop air traffic in Dallas , cause trains to collide in Philadelphia and bring down the electric grid in Michigan .
In the great age of conquerors , warfare was a low-damage , high-profit affair . At the battle of Hastings in 1066 , William the Conqueror gained the whole of England in a single day for the cost of a few thousand dead . Nuclear weapons and cyber warfare , by contrast , are high-damage , low-profit technologies . You could use such tools to destroy entire countries , but not to build profitable empires .
Hence in a world filling up with saber-rattling and bad vibes , perhaps our best guarantee of peace is that major powers are n't familiar with any recent example of a successful war . While Genghis Khan or Julius Caesar would invade a foreign country at the drop of a hat , present-day strongmen talk loud but are very careful about actually launching wars . Of course , if somebody does find a formula to wage successful wars under twenty-first-century conditions , the gates of hell might open with a rush . This is what makes the Russian success in the Crimea a particularly frightening omen . Let 's hope it remains an isolated example . Though , even if it is impossible to wage successful wars in the twenty-first century , that does not give us an absolute guarantee for peace . We should never underestimate human stupidity .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Thank you to BABYBJÖRN for providing me with product , free of charge , in exchange for this post . All opinions are 100 % my own .
Do you find preparation for and/or meal time to be stressful ? I know that there are days when I do . I remember seeing a meme once that made a comment about the family wanting supper AGAIN when they just had it yesterday ! Boy , do I feel that way some times . Having five kiddos has tested my limits and here are the tips I 've come up with over the years .
Have A Running List Of Meals : This one helps prevent a mommy meltdown ! Since I tend to get stuck in a rut and wonder “ What should I make today ? ” , I 've started keeping a running list of all the meals our family ( or at least some of us ) enjoy . So if I 'm ever drawing a blank , I just scan the list and choose one .
This one helps prevent a mommy meltdown ! Since I tend to get stuck in a rut and wonder “ What should I make today ? ” , I 've started keeping a running list of all the meals our family ( or at least some of us ) enjoy . So if I 'm ever drawing a blank , I just scan the list and choose one . Never Make Separate Meals : We have a couple picky kids , one who could practically live off croutons even , but I refuse to make a separate meal for any of them . However , I do make sure there is at least ONE item on the table that each person will eat . It can even be something small , such as those aforementioned croutons , but at least they have options and nobody will go hungry .
We have a couple picky kids , one who could practically live off croutons even , but I refuse to make a separate meal for any of them . However , I do make sure there is at least ONE item on the table that each person will eat . It can even be something small , such as those aforementioned croutons , but at least they have options and nobody will go hungry . Serve A Well Rounded Selection : I still follow the food program guidelines from back when I did daycare over 10 years ago . I almost always serve at least : 1 Dairy , 1 Bread , 1 Meat , and 2 Fruits and or Vegetables . This ensures that there will be plenty of variety as well as nutritious choices .
I still follow the food program guidelines from back when I did daycare over 10 years ago . I almost always serve at least : 1 Dairy , 1 Bread , 1 Meat , and 2 Fruits and or Vegetables . This ensures that there will be plenty of variety as well as nutritious choices . Offer But Do n't Force : We try to never make food a battle . At times , we might request one bite so an item is tried to receive dessert but we never force the kids to eat . If they love one thing and want seconds , by all means , they are allowed without having to try or finish other items .
We try to never make food a battle . At times , we might request one bite so an item is tried to receive dessert but we never force the kids to eat . If they love one thing and want seconds , by all means , they are allowed without having to try or finish other items . Include The Kids : Almost every single meal includes help from the little hands of the family . Even if it 's just sprinkling in some seasoning , stirring , or choosing a side , including the kids makes them more apt to eat the food .
Almost every single meal includes help from the little hands of the family . Even if it 's just sprinkling in some seasoning , stirring , or choosing a side , including the kids makes them more apt to eat the food . Make Meal Time A Fun Family Affair : Many times , we try to keep meal time light and fun by talking with our kids about their day , upcoming events , or , our favorite – Stories ! The kids absolutely love when my husband and I tell them stories about past events . They especially love funny ones like the time when their daddy was young and made play-dough cookies . Grandpa Bill came in the house and took a big bite out of one ! He began coughing and spitting and the kids break into giggles every time this story is retold .
Many times , we try to keep meal time light and fun by talking with our kids about their day , upcoming events , or , our favorite – Stories ! The kids absolutely love when my husband and I tell them stories about past events . They especially love funny ones like the time when their daddy was young and made play-dough cookies . Grandpa Bill came in the house and took a big bite out of one ! He began coughing and spitting and the kids break into giggles every time this story is retold . Many Hands Make The Task Light : From a very young age , we encourage our kids to help clean the table and do dishes . Even out youngest at 19 months enjoys carrying dishes to the sink . By completing this task as a family , it gives us a few more minutes to enjoy each other and make the task at hand fun .
BABYBJÖRN has been a staple brand in our home for years now . They have such an awesome array of useful products to use from the time children are born through preschool age . Today , though , I want to highlight the BABYBJÖRN High Chair . They recently released two great new colors , Light Green and Light Pink , to go along with the Classic White option .
The first thing I noticed about this highchair when un-boxing was the simplicity ! The only assembly required was to align and snap the four legs in . It was so simple that our 3 1/2 year old and 19 month old finished after watching me do the first one .
The second thought that went through my mind was that the BABYBJÖRN High Chair was smaller than I was expecting ! Most high chairs are big , bulky , and overtake the room . I was pleasantly surprised at the small stature this particular High Chair had . Big bonus is the fact that the legs do n't stick out overly far , which diminishes the tripping hazards many chairs provide .
As our little one and I examined and started using the chair , we both fell in love . I really like that the main tray does n't entirely remove , just flips down with the push and twist of the button underneath . There is a strap so the child stays secure even when the tray is first flipped down . The top tray does remove for easy washing , cleaning , or serving though . It 's also adjustable so I can get the perfect fit for the age and stage my child is at . ( This works great so I do n't have to deal with a big gap between baby and tray . )
Finally , I need to make mention of the fact that the BABYBJÖRN High Chair helps children sit with great posture . It allows for a nice upright seat that is also easy to clean . Then , when it 's time to store , this High Chair folds up into a compact and convenient size .
I am super impressed with everything this High Chair offers and can not even think of a single complaint ! The design is thoughtful , high quality , and user friendly . It 's truly a great chair . Stay tuned as I 'll be bringing you another post soon featuring some great Children 's Kitchen Accessories .
Buy It : Head over to BABYBJÖRN to see for yourself the great selection of products they offer .
Connect : Do n't forget to like BABYBJÖRN on Facebook , and follow them on Twitter , Pinterest , and Instagram for all the latest news and promotions .
Win It : BABYBJÖRN is generously offering one of our lucky readers their very own BABYBJÖRN “ Kitchen Accessories ” Prize Pack consisting of : Baby Plate , Spoon & Fork ( 2-Pack ) , Soft Bib ( 2-Pack ) and Baby Cups ( 2-Pack ) . The winner may choose their favorite colors for their prizes , based on availability . This giveaway is open to US and Canada and will end May 30th , 2016 . For your chance to win , enter the Giveaway Tools below . Good luck !
Entry Form
I 'm a city girl turned country by my awesome husband and we have three busy boys and two darling daughters . I love spending time with my family , reading Karen Kingsbury novels , and catching up with friends while our kiddos have play dates . I 'm blessed beyond measure and ca n't wait to see what God has in store .
Follow Miranda on Pinterest | Twitter| Blog | Instagram http : //www.emilyreviews.com/category/miranda
Related posts we 've written :
9 years ago
Michigan Republican Rep. Vern Ehlers said Wednesday he will not run for re-election in November .
Washington ( CNN ) - Michigan Republican Rep. Vern Ehlers said Wednesday he will not run for re-election in November .
Ehlers , 76 , who made the announcement from his Grand Rapids district , said he decided to retire after finishing his eighth term so he can spend time with his family .
`` While I regret leaving when so much more needs to be done , I know it is time for me to step down . I am in good health , but I recognize that I should complete this chapter of my life . I look forward to spending more time with my wife and my family in Grand Rapids , '' Ehlers said in a written statement .
Ehlers is the 16th House Republican to announce plans to leave the House either to run for another office or outright retire . So far , 13 House Democrats have decided to retire or run for another office , but Democratic aides expect this number to rise .
The senior Michigan Republican 's district was carried very narrowly by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , in the 2008 presidential race . Political strategists from both parties were quick to say Wednesday they would compete for the seat .
`` Voters in the Grand Rapids area have long supported Republican candidates who stand for limited government and pro-growth economic policies , and we are confident that they will continue to do so in November , '' National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Pete Sessions of Texas , said in a written statement .
Ryan Rudominer , a spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , told CNN , `` As this race takes shape we are looking to see a strong Democratic candidate emerge in this district . ''
This article is over 1 year old
A train has partially derailed in south-west London leaving one person with minor injuries and causing significant disruption .
Emergency services attended the “ low-speed partial derailment ” of a South Western Railway train early on Monday morning in the Wimbledon area near East Putney , National Rail said .
British Transport Police ( BTP ) warned of “ significant disruption ” , tweeting : “ Officers are attending a low-speed partial derailment of a train in the Wimbledon area . One person sustained minor injuries . ”
Trains between Wimbledon and London Waterloo were affected , with passengers advised they could use tickets on Transport for London ( TfL ) buses . National Rail expected the disruption to last until the end of the day .
The derailment also halted District line trains between Parsons Green and Wimbledon .
London fire brigade said it was called to the Wimbledon derailment at 5.54am and that crews from Wimbledon , New Malden and Mitcham fire stations attended .
It tweeted : “ Specialist urban search and rescue crews have corrected the rear carriage that derailed nr Wimbledon train station and are helping passengers from the train . ”
BANGKOK — The first pile will be driven into Ramkhamhaeng Road on Monday for the construction of the MRT Orange Line , expected to bridge eastern Bangkok to the rest of the city by 2023 , Bangkok police and the project 's contractors announced .
Only an inner lane on both sides of the road will be closed while the construction is underway near Ramkhamhaeng Soi 135 and 157 , Police Maj. Gen. Chiraphat Phumchit , Deputy Chief of Bangkok Metropolitan Police said Monday , adding that traffic would not be affected , as two lanes will continue to operate and July 10 will mark a national holiday .
The pile is part of the construction process for the Orange Line extension on the MRT , from the Thailand Cultural Centre in Huai Khwang district to Min Buri , set to commence in November .
Read : 111 Billion Baht Skytrain Orange Line Approved
Chiraphat said the five-year construction is likely to affect Bangkok traffic as its 17 stations go through major routes already notorious for congestion .
Starting from the Thailand Cultural Centre off Ratchadapisek Road , the Orange Line will continue to Rama IX Road and go along Ramkhamhaeng Road to eventually end at an intersection with Suwinthawong Road .
Out of the 17 stations , the first 10 will be constructed underground . The rest will be elevated stations said .
Project 's manager Pirat Prom-in said the four locations that could strongly affect traffic on Ramkhamhaeng Road are those in front of The Mall Ramkhamhaeng , Ramkhamhaeng University , the office of Sports Authority of Thailand and Alexander Hotel .
Chiraphat said police are considering shutting down the inbound lane of the elevated road – which currently serves as a shortcut from Ramkhamhaeng Road to Rama IX Road – for 45 months starting from November .
The construction of the 23-kilometer route consists of 6 contracts worth 79 million baht .
Successful bidders are CKST Joint Venture , co-invested by CH . Karnchang PCL and Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction PCL , who obtained three contracts . The other two companies who won the auction are Unique Engineering and Construction PCL and Italian-thai Development PCL .
FRIDAY UPDATE : As it gets closer to the $ 1B worldwide mark , Star Wars : The Last Jedi has now shot well past $ 900M with $ 934.2M including Thursday 's grosses . The international box office portion was $ 22.7M for $ 469.6M to date . The $ 500M offshore threshold is approaching this weekend as is that $ 1B global milestone . Together , the three-Star Wars titles since Disney acquired Lucasfilm have now topped $ 4B worldwide with $ 4.058B through yesterday .
The Thursday international score sets The Last Jedi at 34 % behind Star Wars : The Force Awakens at the same state of play , and 35 % above Rogue One , shifting upward after Wednesday ( see below ) .
The comparable Force Awakens Thursday fell on New Year 's Eve in 2015 so it repped just 11 % of its preceding frame that year . With the holiday not yet upon us , Jedi ‘ s offshore Thursday was worth 30 % of last weekend . Rogue One , conversely , was playing at around the same date in 2016 and its comparable Thursday scooped 36 % of its prior session .
The UK continues to show its force as the squadron leader with $ 80.6M to date after a $ 4.9M Thursday . Germany is also still strong with this one , taking $ 54.3M through yesterday when it added $ 4.4M . France ( $ 40.2M ) , Japan ( $ 33.7M ) and Australia ( $ 31.7M ) continue to make up the rest of the Top 5 .
We 'll have a further update on all things Jedi on Sunday .
THURSDAY UPDATE : With the force of Wednesday grosses included , Disney/Lucasfilm 's Star Wars : The Last Jedi has jumped to a global cume of $ 891.8M . Yesterday 's international box office was worth $ 26.7M , a 10 % increase on the previous day , lifting the overseas total to $ 446.9M . Worldwide , the film will pass $ 900M today and is due to join the $ 1B global club this weekend , its 3rd session .
The overseas Wednesday figure reps 35 % of this past frame and poises the Rian Johnson-helmed installment to cross $ 500M in the coming days .
Running now just a Yoda hair above domestic , Jedi is currently playing in 54 international markets , with China to come on January 5 .
At the comparable points in offshore rollout , The Last Jedi continues to run 34 % behind Star Wars : The Force Awakens , with the porgs at 36 % above Rogue One : A Star Wars Story ( the latter a slight shift from yesterday , see below ) . The gang from the galaxy far , far away has overtaken Justice League at the international box office to rank No . 10 for 2017 thus far .
Turnstiles were notably active on Wednesday in the UK and Germany . The former remains tops on Episode VIII , now with $ 75.8M ( $ 4.9M Wed ) and Germany is behind it with $ 49.9M ( $ 4.3M Wed ) . Rounding out the Top 5 are France ( $ 37.6M ) , Japan ( $ 31.9M ) and Australia ( $ 30.3M ) .
WEDNESDAY UPDATE : A forceful Tuesday propelled Disney/Lucasfilm 's Star Wars : The Last Jedi to $ 844.2 million at worldwide box office turnstiles . As domestic saw the Resistance pass Wonder Woman on Tuesday to make Jedi the No . 2 film of 2017 in North America , results at the international box office jumped to $ 420.2M .
The overseas Tuesday was worth $ 24.2M to rep 32 % of the weekend 's bounty . That 's a higher percentage than The Force Awakens two years ago , whose second Tuesday counted as 28 % of the sophomore session . Conversely , Rogue One ‘ s second Tuesday brought in 41 % of the preceding frame last year . Each of the films were impacted by the Christmas holiday .
Jedi is now running 34 % behind The Force Awakens at the same stage of play internationally , and 38 % ahead of Rogue One .
The UK saw a big bounce for Luke , Rey and the rest of the crew Tuesday . The Boxing Day holiday meant cinemas re-opened after most were closed on Christmas Day . The gross there has now hit $ 70.9M . Germany added $ 3M on Tuesday for $ 45.6M to date , followed by France at $ 34.6M ( + $ 3.5M — a big 45 % of the weekend ) . Japan has $ 30.7M through Tuesday and Australian cinemas have taken in $ 28.8M .
Spain ( $ 15.8M ) , Brazil ( $ 13.4M ) , Italy ( $ 13.3M ) , Russia ( $ 12.2M ) and Mexico ( $ 10.9M ) round out the Top 10 . Sweden , where TLJ is already the biggest movie of 2017 , has lifted to almost $ 10M .
TLJ will pass Justice League today to become the No . 10 release of the year overseas , and is looking at $ 900M global box office ahead of the weekend .
TUESDAY UPDATE : After a weekend that included Christmas Eve falling on a Sunday , Star Wars : The Last Jedi unwrapped an added $ 42.3M globally on Monday 's Christmas Day . Of that , $ 14.8M comes from the international box office , repping 19 % of the second weekend . The overseas cume is $ 396M through Monday with worldwide at $ 791.6M . The Rian Johnson-helmed film will cross $ 800M today .
Comps to 2015 's The Force Awakens are not apples-to-apples given how the calendar played out this year . On its second international Monday , TFA took in 29 % of the weekend , which had Christmas Day on the Friday . This time , Jedi ‘ s Monday was Christmas Day , and that slowed some turnstile action — particularly in the UK , where most cinemas were closed and the film brought in just $ 100K . The Boxing Day holiday today will punch that up .
Globally , Monday 's figure was 29 % of the weekend versus TFA ‘ s 25 % in 2015 . Rogue One ‘ s second Monday in 2016 , conversely , was quite sizable — falling on December 26 last year and repping 44 % of its weekend ( which had also been impacted by the holiday ) .
The UK leads all markets with $ 67.9M , followed by Germany ( $ 42.6M ) , France ( $ 31.1M ) , Japan ( $ 29.6M ) and Australia ( $ 27.2M ) . The latter is going to be a very busy market this week with Jumanji , Coco and countryman Hugh Jackman 's The Greatest Showman all taking their Oz bows .
Overall overseas , Jedi ‘ s crystal foxes are running about 32 % below The Force Awakens at the same point of play and about 40 % above Rogue One . This weekend , Episode VIII became the fourth-highest-grossing film of 2017 in Europe and is the top-grossing film of 2017 in both Denmark and Sweden , the second-highest in Australia and the third-biggest in the UK .
Frank Walker
Action Figures ReAction Figures Tomorrowland
Grouping ( Optional ) This option allows you to sort/filter/group your Want List by any grouping you define ( priority , character , etc ) Notification Email ? Selecting `` Yes '' will notify you when another member lists this item for sale No Yes Close
Purchase Date ( Optional ) Purchase Price ( Optional ) Purchased From ( Optional ) Box Condition Mint Near Mint Very Good Good Average Poor Loose/No box Notes ( Optional - only you can see these ) Close
Remove From Want List ? Yes No
Remove From Want List ? Yes No Purchase Date ( Optional ) Purchase Price ( Optional ) Purchased From ( Optional ) Box Condition Mint Near Mint Very Good Good Average Poor Loose/No box Notes ( Optional - only you can see these ) Close
Estimated Value - $ 4.00
Sales History
Days
# Sales
Avg
Med
Low
High
90
1
$ 4.99
$ 4.99
$ 4.99
$ 4.99
* History is updated daily so totals may not always match details below . Prices supplied by hobbyDB via the PPG Algorithm .
In the Community
208 Own
11 Want
Pop Price Guide Marketplace
eBay
Amazon
Sales History
Most recent 50 shown - See All History
Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action ... $ 4.99 2018-11-21 Report Disney 's Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3.75 '' Acti ... $ 3.75 2018-11-19 Report Disney 's Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3.75 '' Acti ... $ 3.95 2018-11-15 Report Disney 's Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3.75 '' ... $ 3.95 2018-07-07 Report Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action Figure Reaction ... $ 3.95 2018-02-16 Report Funko Reaction Gamestop Mystery Box Disney Tomorrowland ... $ 6.29 2018-02-10 Report Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Clooney Funko Reaction ... $ 7.00 2018-01-04 Report Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action Figure Reaction ... $ 6.50 2018-01-03 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action ... $ 1.00 2017-12-15 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker $ 2.00 2017-10-19 Report Funko - Tomorrowland - Frank Walker - Reaction Figure - ... $ 5.99 2017-09-22 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker Figure Ships B ... $ 3.96 2017-09-10 Report Funko Reaction : Tomorrowland - Frank Walker Action Figu ... $ 1.00 2017-08-12 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker $ 2.00 2017-08-04 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action ... $ 3.29 2017-07-31 Report Funko Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction 3 3/4-inch Ret ... $ 2.98 2017-07-28 Report Disney Tomorrow Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures * * ... $ 2.75 2017-06-06 Report Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3.75 '' Reactio ... $ 2.00 2017-05-31 Report Disney Tomorrow Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures * * ... $ 4.99 2017-04-03 Report Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures - Geo ... $ 2.99 2017-02-15 Report Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures - Geo ... $ 2.99 2017-02-08 Report Funko Reaction Frank Walker Action Figure Movie Tomorro ... $ 11.14 2016-11-12 Report Funko Reaction Figures Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker ... $ 4.89 2016-10-26 Report Funko Reaction Figure Frank Walker Disney Tomorrowland $ 1.50 2016-10-21 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3 3/4-inch Ret ... $ 4.50 2016-10-15 Report Tomorrowland - Frank Walker Reaction Action Figure - Fu ... $ 4.49 2016-10-11 Report Funko Reaction Frank Walker Disney Tomorrowland Action ... $ 1.29 2016-10-03 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3 3/4-inch Ret ... $ 3.00 2016-09-28 Report Funko Reaction Figure Frank Walker Disney Tomorrowland $ 1.50 2016-08-24 Report Funko Reaction Gamestop Mystery Box Disney Tomorrowland ... $ 0.99 2016-08-11 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker/ George ... $ 0.99 2016-08-09 Report Funko Reaction Figure Frank Walker Disney Tomorrowland ... $ 1.00 2016-07-21 Report New Reaction `` tomorrowland '' Frank Wa ... $ 0.99 2016-06-28 Report Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures Geor ... $ 5.29 2016-06-26 Report Frank Walker New Unopened Figure Tomorrowland Reaction ... $ 0.99 2016-06-26 Report Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction 3 3/4 Figure By Funk ... $ 5.00 2016-06-13 Report Funko Reaction Figure Tomorrowland Frank Walker Bnib $ 3.87 2016-05-15 Report New Funko Reaction Retro `` tomorrowland & quo ... $ 4.99 2016-04-15 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action ... $ 4.20 2016-04-01 Report Tomorrowland Frank Walker Reaction Action Figures * * ge ... $ 1.49 2016-03-29 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Figure ... $ 5.00 2016-03-16 Report Funko Reaction 3.75 '' Action Figure - Disney To ... $ 3.00 2016-03-14 Report Funko Reaction Disney Tomorrowland Frank Walker Action ... $ 0.55 2016-03-11 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland - Frank Walker $ 5.00 2016-02-22 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3 3/4-inch Ret ... $ 0.99 2016-02-18 Report Funko Reaction 3.75 In . Frank Walker ( george Clooney ) F ... $ 4.00 2016-02-15 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker 3 3/4-inch Ret ... $ 0.99 2016-02-09 Report Funko Reaction Tomorrowland Frank Walker Figure $ 4.40 2016-02-05 Report Funko Reaction - Disney Tomorrowland - Frank Walker Act ... $ 4.95 2016-02-01 Report Disney Reaction Figure Frank Walker 3.75 '' Full ... $ 0.99 2016-01-31 Report
What follows is an excerpt from Frank Viola 's upcoming book – ReGrace : What the Shocking Beliefs of the Great Christians Can Teach Us Today . The endnotes which contain first-hand sources are not included in the excerpt .
The Shocking Beliefs of John Calvin
Beware of anything that competes with your loyalty to Jesus Christ . The greatest competitor of true devotion to Jesus is the service we do for Him . It is easier to serve than to pour out our lives completely for Him . The goal of the call of God is His satisfaction , not simply that we should do something for Him .
~ Oswald Chambers
John Calvin played a significant role in the development of Reformed theology , a theology that still flourishes today .
Hailed as a master theologian , the French Reformer 's writings still live and breathe in the twenty-first century .
Calvin was a second-generation Reformer ( he was twenty-six years younger than Martin Luther ) .
Trained as a lawyer , he possessed a keen analytical mind .
By all counts , Calvin was an intellectual . He wrote the original version of his famous Institutes of the Christian Religion when he was only twenty-seven years old , updating it throughout his life . ( Some regard the Institutes to be the single most influential theological work in history . )
… .
What follows is not intended to debate the ethics or theological veracity of Calvin—including his system of theology which is still held dear by many . That being interpreted means , those of you who are wired to interpret anything but praise for John Calvin as equating to being “ anti-Calvin , ” calm down .
Along with Calvin 's admirers , there exists a loud and vocal group of “ Calvin-haters. ” Often , those who stand against Calvin 's theology think that personally attacking John Calvin is a means of discrediting the theological system of Calvinism , but it 's not .
I have high regard for Mr. Calvin and his contribution , even though I do n't agree with everything he believed . I suspect that when you finish this chapter , you 'll agree that not all of Calvin 's viewpoints were compatible with the teachings of Jesus . That fact alone should make us all more tolerant toward those with whom we disagree over doctrines .
1 ) Calvin believed that executing some unrepentant heretics was justifiable .
Keep in mind that during the sixteenth century , the church and the state were symbiotically combined . Severe heresy , then , was punishable by death . It was viewed as leading to both societal anarchy and eternal death . Most Christians of that day accepted the death penalty for heretics , except for the Anabaptists ( but that 's another story ) .
The best known example of this societally accepted belief is when Calvin consented to the execution of Michael Servetus , a man who denied the Trinity and infant baptism . Servetus denied that Jesus was the Son of God in the orthodox sense.5
Servetus burned for thirty minutes before he died . Why ?
Simply because of his theological views . ( Well , it was actually because the fire was really hot , but you get what I 'm saying . ) 6
John Calvin 's supporters are quick to point out that the great Reformer did n't directly execute the man . And he even tried to persuade Servetus not to come to Geneva . Calvin also attempted to get Servetus to repent and sought for him to be granted a more humane execution ( which was beheading instead of burning ) .
Even so , Calvin made this remark regarding Servetus , showing that he believed death for heresy was justified :
But I am unwilling to pledge my word for his safety , for if he shall come [ to Geneva ] , I shall never permit him to depart alive , provided my authority be of any avail.7
One notable remark by Calvin was , “ I hope that Servetus will be condemned to death , but I desire that he should be spared the cruelty of the punishment [ of fire ] . ” 8
Nine years after the execution , Calvin made this comment when answering his critic François Baudouin :
Servetus suffered the penalty due his heresies , but was it by my will ? Certainly his arrogance destroyed him not less than his impiety . And what crime was it of mine if our Council , at my exhortation , indeed , but in conformity with the opinion of several Churches , took vengeance on his execrable blasphemies ? Let Baudouin abuse me as long as he will , provided that , by the judgment of Melanchthon , posterity owes me a debt of gratitude for having purged the Church of so pernicious a monster.9
Calvin is also quoted as saying ,
Whoever shall now contend that it is unjust to put heretics and blasphemers to death will knowingly and willingly incur their very guilt . This is not laid down on human authority ; it is God who speaks and prescribes a perpetual rule for his Church.10
One of Calvin 's contemporaries , Sebastian Castellio , allegedly said this about him :
If Christ himself came to Geneva , he would be crucified . For Geneva is not a place of Christian liberty . It is ruled by a new pope [ referring to Calvin ] , but one who burns men alive while the pope at Rome at least strangles them first.11
Summarizing Castellio 's feelings toward Calvin , Durant remarks ,
Can we imagine Christ ordering a man to be burned alive for advocating adult baptism ? The Mosaic laws calling for the death of a heretic were superceded by the law of Christ , which is one of mercy not of despotism and terror.12
Whether you agree with Calvin 's view or defend his actions because he was “ a man of his times , ” many Christians today find the idea of executing heretics to be shocking . Yet throughout various periods of church history , it was widely accepted.13
2 ) Calvin believed that the Eucharist provides an undoubted assurance of eternal life .
Calvin stated that the sacrament of the Eucharist provided the “ undoubted assurance of eternal life to our minds , but also secures the immortality of our flesh . ”
In context , Calvin is discussing how Christ is present in the sacraments . For Calvin , believers are united with Christ spiritually . It 's not that Christ comes down to be physically present in the elements , but that believers , are in a spiritual sense , taken up to heaven during the Lord 's Supper to be connected to Jesus spiritually.14
3 ) Calvin believed it was acceptable to lambaste his opponents with vicious names .
Calvin treated his critics with contempt , calling them “ ‘ pigs , ' asses , ' ‘ riffraff , ' ‘ dogs , ' ‘ idiots , ' and ‘ stinking beasts . ' ” 15
In this vein , Calvin said the following words about the great Anabaptist leader Menno Simons :
Nothing could be prouder , nothing more impudent than this donkey.16
—
The above is a short excerpt from ReGrace with the endnotes removed . There 's much more on Calvin and his views in the book .
To order the book , go to ReGrace : What the Shocking Beliefs of the Great Christians Can Teach Us Today .
Here is the Back Cover Description :
The church is tired of seeing Christians act ungraciously toward one another when they disagree . Social media has added to the carnage . Christians routinely block each other on Facebook because of doctrinal disagreements . The world watches the blood-letting , and the Christian witness is tarnished .
But what if every Christian discovered that their favorite teacher in church history had blind spots and held to some false–and even shocking–views ?
Bestselling author Frank Viola argues that this simple awareness will soften Christians when they interact with each other in the face of theological disagreements .
In ReGrace , he uncovers some of the shocking beliefs held by faith giants like C.S . Lewis , Luther , Calvin , Moody , Spurgeon , Wesley , Graham , and Augustine–not to downgrade or dismiss them , but to show that even “ the greats ” in church history did n't get everything right .
Knowing that the heroes of our faith sometimes got it wrong will empower us to treat our fellow Christians with grace rather than disdain whenever we disagree over theology .
Two years since a blowout caused the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster and spewed nearly 5 million barrels of oil and more than 6 billion cubic feet of natural gas into the Gulf of Mexico , few lessons have been learned , according to various environmentalists , experts , and Gulf coast residents .
Though BP has agreed to pay billions of dollars in damages , most believe that accountability has been slim compared to the still untold damage that was caused -- much of which may not be fully realized for years to come . `` BP has already tested the effectiveness of lesser consequences , '' says Abrahm Lustgarten , the Polk Award-winning environmental reporter for Pro Publica , `` and its track record proves that the most severe punishments the courts and the United States government have been willing to mete out amount to a slap on the wrist . ''
Marine life in the gulf and the communities which dot its coast are rife with problems . As Phil Radford , Executive Director of Greenpeace USA and Aaron Viles , Deputy Director of Gulf Restoration Network write today : `` Throughout the foodchain , warning signs are accumulating . Dolphins are sick and dying . Important forage fish are plagued with gill and developmental damage . Deepwater species like snapper have been stricken with lesions , and their reefs are losing biodiversity . Coastal communities are struggling with changes to the fisheries they rely upon . Hard-hit oyster reefs are n't coming back and sport fish like speckled trout have disappeared from some of their traditional haunts . BP 's oily fingerprints continue to mar the landscape and destroy habitats . ''
“ People should be aware that the oil is still there , ” Wilma Subra , a chemist who travels widely across the Gulf meeting with fishers and testing seafood and sediment samples for contamination , told freelance journalist Jordan Flaherty . Subra thinks this what is now being seen in the gulf is just the `` beginning of this disaster . '' In every community she visits , writes Flaherty , `` fishers show her shrimp born without eyes , fish with lesions , and crabs with holes in their shells . '' According to Subra , tarballs are still washing up on beaches across the region .
And Robert Weissman , president of Public Citizen , says that the Gulf disaster has taught many lessons , but wonders if all the right people have learned them . Among them : `` Giant corporations can not be trusted to behave responsibly , and have the ability to inflict massive damage on people and the environment . We need strong regulatory controls to curb corporate wrongdoing . We need tough penalties to punish corporate wrongdoers . There is no way to do deepwater oil drilling safely . And it is vital that citizens harmed by corporate wrongdoers maintain the right to sue to recover their losses . ''
And lastly , writing for The Guardian , Suzanne Goldenberg explores the question , `` How much is a dolphin worth ? '' as she explores the dilemma of monetizing an ecosystem ravaged by man 's destructive hunt for energy resources .
* * *
The New York Times : A Punishment BP Ca n't Pay Off by Abrahm Lustgarten
Two years after a series of gambles and ill-advised decisions on a BP drilling project led to the largest accidental oil spill in United States history and the death of 11 workers on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , no one has been held accountable . Sure , there have been about $ 8 billion in payouts and , in early March , the outlines of a civil agreement that will cost BP , the company ultimately responsible , another $ 7.8 billion in restitution to businesses and residents along the Gulf of Mexico . It 's also true the company has paid at least $ 14 billion more in cleanup and other costs since the accident began on April 20 , 2010 , bringing the expense of this fiasco to about $ 30 billion for BP . These are huge numbers . But this is a huge and profitable corporation . What is missing is the accountability that comes from real consequences : a criminal prosecution that holds responsible the individuals who gambled with the lives of BP 's contractors and the ecosystem of the Gulf of Mexico . Only such an outcome can rebuild trust in an oil industry that asks for the public 's faith so that it can drill more along the nation 's coastlines . And perhaps only such an outcome can keep BP in line and can keep an accident like the Deepwater Horizon disaster from happening again . BP has already tested the effectiveness of lesser consequences , and its track record proves that the most severe punishments the courts and the United States government have been willing to mete out amount to a slap on the wrist .
* * *
Greenpeace USA and the Gulf Restoration Network : BP 's Gulf of Mexico Disaster : Two Years Later , Where Is The Response ?
As we look back and assess where we are today , a troubling picture is emerging from the Gulf . Throughout the foodchain , warning signs are accumulating . Dolphins are sick and dying . Important forage fish are plagued with gill and developmental damage . Deepwater species like snapper have been stricken with lesions , and their reefs are losing biodiversity . Coastal communities are struggling with changes to the fisheries they rely upon . Hard-hit oyster reefs are n't coming back and sport fish like speckled trout have disappeared from some of their traditional haunts . BP 's oily fingerprints continue to mar the landscape and destroy habitats . With these impacts already here , some scientists are alarmed by what they 're finding . Unfortunately their concerns are largely drowned out by BP and the `` powers that be '' shouting through very large megaphones that `` all is fine , BP is making it right , come and spend your money . '' But the truth is far different . The Gulf of Mexico , our nation 's energy sacrifice zone , continues to suffer .
* * *
Public Citizen 's Robert Weissman , writing at Common Dreams : The Unlearned Lessons of the BP Gulf Disaster
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` In a rational world , the Deepwater Horizon horror would have been another reminder of the imperative of a rapid transition from dirty fuels to the clean energy sources of the future . Unfortunately , the power of money is having more sway over policy than the power of common sense . ''
-- Robert Weissman , Public Citizen
When it comes to energy policy , the real lesson from the BP disaster was that deepwater drilling will inevitably lead to catastrophic spills and blowouts . The drilling technology has simply far surpassed control technologies . Since the predictable catastrophes are unacceptable , there is a good argument that deepwater drilling itself should not permit at all . At minimum , any company undertaking a deepwater drilling project should be exposed to unlimited liability for any damage it causes ; it should be required to have a spotless , company-wide safety record as a condition of receiving a lease ; and it should have a well-funded , proven disaster response plan in place . In a rational world , the Deepwater Horizon horror would have been another reminder of the imperative of a rapid transition from dirty fuels to the clean energy sources of the future . Unfortunately , the power of money is having more sway over policy than the power of common sense . After the Deepwater Horizon explosion , the administration imposed a moratorium on deepwater drilling in the Gulf , but it was soon lifted , and deepwater drilling in the Gulf is proceeding apace . On the broader transition away from dirty energy , the administration has adopted important rules to improve auto fuel efficiency , but we are far off course if we are to avert the worst harms from catastrophic climate change .
* * *
Jordan Flaherty , also at Common Dreams : Two Years After the BP Drilling Disaster , Gulf Residents Fear for the Future
While it 's too early to assess the long-term environmental impact , a host of recent studies published by the National Academy of Sciences and other respected institutions have shown troubling results . They describe mass deaths of deepwater coral , dolphins , and killifish , a small animal at the base of the Gulf food chain . `` If you add them all up , it 's clear the oil is still in the ecosystem , it 's still having an effect , ” says Aaron Viles , deputy director of Gulf Restoration Network , an environmental organization active in the region . The major class action lawsuit on behalf of communities affected by the spill has reached a proposed 7.8 billion dollar settlement , subject to approval by a judge . While this seems to have brought a certain amount of closure to the saga , environmentalists worry that any settlement is premature , saying they fear that the worst is yet to come . Pointing to the 1989 Exxon spill off the coast of Alaska , previously the largest oil spill in US waters , Viles said that it was several years before the full affect of that disaster was felt . “ Four seasons after Exxon Valdez is when the herring fisheries collapsed , ” says Viles . “ The Gulf has been a neglected ecosystem for decades – we need to be monitoring it closely. ” In the aftermath of the spill , BP flooded the Gulf with nearly 2 million gallons of chemical dispersants . While BP says these chemicals broke up the oil , some scientists have said this just made it less visible , and sent the poisons deeper into the food chain .
* * *
The Guardian : Deepwater Horizon aftermath : how much is a dolphin worth ?
At its most basic , the process now consuming teams of BP and government scientists and lawyers revolves around this : How much is a dolphin worth , and how exactly did it die ? `` What dollar value do we place on a destroyed marsh or the loss of a spawning ground ? What is the price associated with killing birds and marine mammals ? Even if we were capable of meaningfully establishing a price for ecological harm , there is so much that we do not know about the harm to the Gulf of Mexico – and will not know for years – that it may never be possible to come up with an accurate natural resource damage assessment . '' -- David Uhlmann , professor of law , Univ . of Michigan How much lasting harm was done by the oil that still occasionally washes up on beaches , or remains as splotches on the ocean floor near the site of BP 's broken well ? What can be done to turn the clock back , and restore the wildlife and environment to levels that would have existed if there had not been a spill ? Wednesday 's proposed $ 7.8bn settlement between BP and more than 100,000 people suing for economic damages due takes the oil company a step closer to consigning the spill to the past . BP is moving towards a settlement with the federal government and the governments of Louisiana and Mississippi . It could also face criminal charges . But arguably the most difficult negotiation still lies ahead as BP and the federal government try to establish how much damage was done to the environment as a direct result of the oil spill , and how much the company will have to pay to set things right . `` It is extraordinarily difficult to monetise environmental harm . What dollar value do we place on a destroyed marsh or the loss of a spawning ground ? What is the price associated with killing birds and marine mammals ? Even if we were capable of meaningfully establishing a price for ecological harm , there is so much that we do not know about the harm to the Gulf of Mexico – and will not know for years – that it may never be possible to come up with an accurate natural resource damage assessment , '' said David Uhlmann , a law professor at the University of Michigan and a former head of the justice department 's environmental crimes section .
# # #
A US court has blocked the execution of a man in Arizona after the state refused to reveal how it illicitly obtained one of the drugs to be used in the death chamber from a British manufacturer .
Arizona attorney general Terry Goddard is using a little-known law preventing the identification of executioners to defy a court order requiring the state to reveal the exact source of an anaesthetic , sodium thiopental , that was to have been used to kill a convicted murderer , Jeffrey Landrigan , by lethal injection today .
Goddard 's office confirmed to the Guardian that the drug was obtained from a manufacturer in Britain because of a shortage in the US but declined to name the company concerned . Sodium thiopental is used to render prisoners unconscious before they are killed with other drugs . It has been in short supply in the US for months , forcing at least two state governments to look for alternative sources of supply .
Yesterday a federal judge put Landrigan 's execution on hold after defence lawyers argued that the state 's failure to reveal its supplier meant the drug might not meet US standards and that could amount to cruel and unusual punishment .
Judge Roslyn Silver called the state government `` obstructive '' for failing to obey an order she made on Saturday to reveal details of how it obtained the drug .
Goddard filed an appeal with the US supreme court today , arguing that Arizona has the right to keep the information secret under laws protecting the identity of executioners and others with `` ancillary '' functions . If the execution is not carried out by tomorrow , the state will need a new death warrant from the Arizona supreme court , which could take months .
Kent Cattani , Arizona assistant attorney general , acknowledged at a court hearing last week that the state had not got the drug from the only approved US supplier , Illinois company Hospira .
He told the court that he would only reveal the source if it were kept under seal . Silver refused and issued the stay .
`` The court is perplexed by defendant 's [ Arizona 's state government 's ] behaviour in this case , '' she wrote . `` Based on this court 's experience , defendant 's actions are highly unusual . ''
It is possible that the UK supplier was unaware that the drug was intended for use in executions as several US states have sourced it from abroad for use in hospitals .
Hospira has said that it does not approve of the use of the anaesthetic in executions .
`` ( The drug ) is n't indicated for capital punishment , and Hospira does not support its use in this procedure . Hospira has communicated with departments of corrections in the United States to advise them of this position , '' it said .
The company says that the shortage of supply has been caused by `` a supply issue with the active pharmaceutical ingredient , which is supplied by a third party '' . It says it expects normal supplies to be resumed early next year .
Landrigan was sentenced to death for strangling and stabbing Chester Dyer in 1989 during a robbery weeks after escaping from an Oklahoma prison where he was jailed for another murder . But his death sentence has come under increasing scrutiny .
Last week , Cheryl Hendrix , the judge who condemned Landrigan , told a clemency board that she would have given him a lesser sentence had she been aware of the brain damage caused by his mother 's heavy drinking while pregnant and his turbulent childhood .
`` The death penalty in this case is not appropriate and never has been , '' she said .
The clemency board split on whether to recommend to Arizona 's governor , Jan Brewer , that she reduce Landrigan 's sentence to life without parole .
Landrigan 's father died of natural causes while awaiting execution for murder in Arkansas five years ago .
The Works of Andrew Hussie An Unofficial Archive
Team Special Olympics Andrew used to maintain a webcomic site ( 2003-2008 ) . Everything he produced for the site over the years can be found here . Includes works such as And It Does n't Stop , Inappropriate Time For Ham , Humanimals , and many more .
Whistles : The Starlight Calliope Whistles , a clown in the Starlight Calliope circus , was beloved by all . One day an accident nearly cost him his life , and he became exposed to the corrupt underworld of the circus , rife with murder and cannibalism . Forced to flee , he experiences the hardships of the world such as homesickness and prostitution . Contains four chapters out of the original plan of six . Whistles is also available for purchase on Amazon .
Wizardy Herbert and the Mobius Slipknot A very flippantly satirical novel about kids and magic , starting out as what seemed like an unapologetic Harry Potter spoof revolving around a magical summer camp instead of a school , and then quickly launching off the plot deep end into some very convoluted stuff of Homestuckian proportions . Was never completed .
Barty 's Brew-Ha-Ha A video series by Byron `` Byrobot '' Hussie and Andrew Hussie . Starring Byron as Barty Anderson , an outdoorsman determined to find the elusive Bigfoot once and for all .
Jandrew Edits Humorously edited Star Trek : The Next Generation footage . A collaboration with Jan van Den Hemel .
Cool Dude and Stoner Lou Parody of a certain truly awful webcomic that has long since been forgotten .
Coma Bear Collaboration between the entire Gangbunch , a group of comic artists from the TSO era .
SBaHJ Origin A thread on the Penny Arcade forums , wherein Andrew creates the well-loved comic as another parody of a pretty bad comic posted there .
Book Defacement A time-honoured tradition of scribbling in books to create gifts for others . Wizardology
Fappu Nottep
The First World Flight
Share . Would you play it ? Would you play it ?
A sequel to Dragon 's Dogma has n't been ruled out by Capcom .
Speaking to PC Gamer , producer Minae Matsukawa stated that Dragon 's Dogma 2 could still happen . `` The Dragon 's Dogma development team members often talk about the possibility of a sequel , '' said Matsukawa . She added that a continuation really depends on fan feedback for the upcoming PC port of Dragon 's Dogma : Dark Arisen , as that `` will increase the chances that we can look into the possibility of continuing the series . ''
Exit Theatre Mode
The original Dragon 's Dogma released on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in May 2012 . An expanded version of the RPG was released a year later , titled Dragon 's Dogma : Dark Arisen and is currently being ported to PC , which releases on January 15 . Early last year , Dragon 's Dogma Online , a free-to-play MMO was announced , but only for Eastern territories .
When we reviewed the original Dragon 's Dogma , we said it `` has the scale and challenge of a great action RPG , but not the character or polish . ''
What do you think of a sequel to Capcom 's RPG ? Let us know in the comments .
Michael Passalacqua is a freelance writer for IGN . Chat with him about Fallout 4 and the New York Giants on Twitter @ mikepass20
People living at Nathu La area also got sweets from the Army on Independence Day
Highlights People living at Nathu La area also got sweets from the Army Sikkim CM Pawan Chamling said the region is of great strategic importance Indian and Chinese troops are locked in a standoff in Doklam
Indian and Chinese soldiers exchanged sweets at Nathu La mountain pass in Sikkim today on India 's Independence Day . However , no ceremonial meeting was held between the officers of the Indian Army and China 's People 's Liberation Army at the high-altitude area , amid the standoff at Doklam.Army and Indo-Tibetan Border Police personnel exchanged sweets at Nathu La , barely 25 kilometres from Doklam where both sides have dug in for over two months now , military sources said.Tradition was such that officers from the two sides would hold a ceremonial meeting on India 's Independence Day . But it did not happen this time , news agency PTI reported.People living at Nathu La area also got sweets from the Army as part of the Independence Day celebrations.At an event in Sikkim 's capital Gangtok , Chief Minister Pawan Chamling said the state lies in a region that is of great strategic importance to India . `` Our people are like unpaid soldiers defending our motherland . Unbounded peace and harmony for people living in the border states are great assets for the nation , '' Mr Chamling said in his Independence Day speech . `` I am pleased to say that the state government of Sikkim and every Sikkimese ... stand solidly behind the central government to safeguard the integrity and sovereignty of our great nation , '' he added.Neither India nor China has shown any sign of backing off from a face-off that began nearly two months ago along the Sikkim border when Indian soldiers entered the Doklam plateau to stop the Chinese army from constructing a road.Bhutan says Doklam is part of its kingdom . India , a close ally of Bhutan , deployed troops to stop the road project , prompting Beijing to accuse India of trespassing on Chinese soil . With inputs from PTI
LOUSIVILLE , KY. -- When President Obama signed the Farm Bill in Michigan on Friday afternoon , the `` McConnell Hemp Provision '' became the first Congressional action to roll back the prohibition on marijuana since World War II . That 's right . Mitch McConnell might have accidentally taken the first step toward ending the Drug War .
`` By exploring innovative ways to use hemp to benefit a variety of Kentucky industries , while avoiding negative impact to Kentucky law enforcement 's efforts at marijuana interdiction , the pilot programs authorized by this legislation could help boost our state 's economy . ''
Mitch McConnell said that ? Yes he did .
How did Sen. McConnell become eponymous with language that permits pilot plots of the plant that until 2:45 eastern time on Friday were considered by the federal government to be indistinguishable from marijuana , a drug that remains classified by the Obama administration as Schedule I ? It has left more than a few people scratching their heads .
The short answer is that hemp is popular in Kentucky : 65 percent of Kentuckians support industrial hemp , including 53 percent of self-described conservatives , according to a Courier-Journal Bluegrass Poll released February 6 , the day before the president signed the Farm Bill into law .
This comes on the heels of other polls showing McConnell 's job approval rating is lower than President Obama 's in Kentucky and with McConnell trailing his presumptive democratic challenger , Alison Lundergan Grimes , by four points . So , McConnell could use all the popular issues he can get .
Grimes and her campaign read the same polls . Though she has not been leading on this issue , Grimes recognizes that she can not simply gainsay the hemp provision simply because McConnell claims authorship of it , as some in her party have .
`` I support any legal opportunity to create jobs , '' Grimes says . `` The measure allows pilot hemp programs , and I hope it does benefit our Kentucky farmers . ''
With that tepid statement , Ms. Grimes becomes only the second Kentucky democrat to support industrial hemp , after Rep. John Yarmuth of Louisville testified with his republican colleagues at a state senate committee hearing on the economic benefits of industrial hemp last year .
`` I was proud to stand up for industrial hemp in Kentucky from the beginning , to testify to its economic benefits last year with Sen. Paul , Congressman Massie , and Commissioner Comer , and to work with my colleagues to advance this Kentucky priority in Washington , '' Yarmuth says .
The vacuum of democratic leadership on this issue ( with the exception of Yarmuth ) is what led to the opening that allowed McConnell to seize upon a popular issue that democrats had not claimed as their own . But the question remains for a national audience trying to make sense of Kentucky politics from the outside : If hemp is so popular , why are Kentucky democrats so afraid of it ?
Hemp 's original sin was to be born to a parent of the wrong party because James Comer , Kentucky 's agricultural commissioner , is a republican . Last year , Comer shepherded a hemp bill through the Kentucky legislature by overcoming every obstacle thrown at him by the speaker of the general assembly , the governor , and the attorney general -- all democrats .
Once the hemp bill became law in Kentucky last year , Yarmuth 's republican colleagues in DC introduced hemp bills in both chambers . When Sen. Paul refiled his hemp bill at the beginning of this 113th Congress , Sen. McConnell came aboard as a cosponsor .
On July 11 , 2013 , the Farm Bill passed the House with language attached that would allow hemp for university studies , authored by two Kentucky republicans , Thomas Massie and Andy Barr . What McConnell takes credit for as `` the McConnell Hemp Provision , '' is an expansion of this language in the final Farm Bill to include not just universities , but also state agricultural departments , like the one run by James Comer in Kentucky .
McConnell 's maneuver to seize the mantle of libertarian pragmatist is a gambit that anyone could easily call out as craven , but democrats in Kentucky have done everything they could to derail the hemp train , so they can hardly criticize McConnell now for claiming credit for getting the train to station .
But with Grimes 's lukewarm support , perhaps the democrats are slowly coming around to the idea that they can challenge the Drug War status quo now without hardline republicans labeling them as `` soft on crime '' when it 's the republicans legalizing hemp .
Or maybe not . Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway 's office is not commenting on whether the McConnell Hemp Provision satisfies its concerns . Conway , a Democrat best known to a national audience as the U.S. Senate candidate who lost to Rand Paul , is the last legal obstacle to hemp farming in Kentucky . Before the Farm Bill was signed last week , the attorney general 's position was that before hemp can be grown , Kentucky must obtain a waiver from the Drug Enforcement Administration -- even as other states move forward with recreational marijuana legalization .
So now , Conway 's office is waiting for the DEA 's interpretation of the McConnell Hemp Provision before commenting . Will this last obstacle fall , or will the DEA find a narrow interpretation of the hemp provision that would discourage farmers from participating in pilot projects ?
But it 's not just Kentucky democrats that have gone soft on reforming our drug laws , it 's the Obama administration , too .
On Thursday , a DEA spokesman said that the DEA `` does not comment on pending legislation , '' and on Friday afternoon after President Obama had signed the Farm Bill into law , the spokesman did not return repeated phone calls from Esquire.com seeking comment . On Monday , the DEA responded with this statement :
`` Under the newly enacted `` hemp '' provision of the FARRM Bill [ sic ] , certain producers of 'industrial hemp ' ( as defined in the bill ) will be permitted to grow or cultivate industrial hemp for research purposes . Specifically , institutions of higher education ( colleges and universities ) , along with state departments of agriculture , will be permitted to grow or cultivate industrial hemp for research purposes , provided such production is authorized by State law , and the research is done as part of an agricultural pilot program , or other agricultural academic research . The provision defines `` industrial hemp '' as cannabis containing 0.3 percent or less of tetrahydrocannabinols [ sic ] ( THC ) . ''
This statement says nothing that was n't already known , other than it confirms that the DEA understands that federal law has changed .
When asked directly whether the DEA interprets the Farm Bill as to permitting farmers to engage in commerce with the hemp they produce in these pilot projects -- whether farmers will be allowed to sell their hemp -- the DEA will not comment .
The DEA spokesman referred Esquire.com up the chain to the Department of Justice , and we 've asked them the same question : Will hemp farmers be allowed to sell their hemp ? As of the end of day Wednesday , the DOJ has yet to respond .
A JUDGE has savaged a 48-year-old woman who subjected her teenage nephew to sadistic and degrading ridicule as “ subhuman ” before jailing her for seven years for the wicked punishment she dealt out .
The boy 's aunt , 48 , lived on a farm north of Brisbane when she force-fed the 15-year-old laxatives , hot chillies , worming tablets and oil and then denied him access to the shower or bathroom so he could wash .
She forced him to shave his genitalia , sent him to school smelly with a “ butchered ” hair cut and refused him food when he tried to disguise his body odour with perfume .
The woman and her daughter forced the boy to penetrate himself with a vibrator and filmed it . They threatened to whip him and laughed . The video and photos were held over the boy with the threat that if he spoke out , they would be used to publicly shame him .
The boy was subjected to the woman 's humiliating treatment for five months until police became involved in May , 2012 .
Brisbane District Court Judge Leanne Clare condemned the woman 's “ depraved and protracted ” conduct .
“ It suggests a fundamental personality dysfunction with a deeply rooted capacity to cause serious harm , ” she said .
She said the woman isolated her nephew from any possible support , made his home life “ a living hell ” and turned him into an outcast at school .
Judge Clare jailed the aunt for seven years and declared her a Serious Violent Offender so that she will have to serve 80 per cent of the sentence before she is eligible for parole release .
Crown prosecutor Clare Hurley said the boy went to live with his aunt and cousin after he was subject to abuse at the hands of his mother in mid-2011 .
She said the cruel acts of punishment included feeding the boy hot chilli brews , making him hurt the family 's pet cat , assaulting him with a stock whip , punching him in the face , squeezing his fingers with pliers and threatening to rip out his nails and foreskin .
The court was told the teenager was once forced to eat 30 worming tablets and castor oil and made to go to school without washing , despite messing himself .
She said the woman threatened the boy if he told anyone about the punishment , a “ bikie friend ” would hunt him down and kill him .
Ms Hurley said the woman pleaded guilty to the boy 's torture in February this year but until yesterday planned to contest the sentence and call the victim as a witness for cross-examination .
She said the victim was trying to rebuild his life but struggled to overcome the psychological trauma of his experience .
“ This type of humiliating and degrading conduct against a child does not have a place in our society and deterrence looms large , ” she said .
Barrister Jason Todman , for the aunt , tendered a psychiatric report to the court that stated his client was depressed , anxious and possibly suffering from post traumatic stress disorder .
He detailed the woman 's difficult life , which was characterised by abuse , homelessness , poor relationships and the loss of children and a brother .
Mr Todman said his client was only educated to Year 5 level .
He said it was the aunt 's contention the teenager was difficult to deal with but that was not accepted by Judge Clare , who said those claims were not borne out by the agreed facts in the case or any other independent source .
Mr Todman said the woman was on a disability pension and had diabetes .
He said she planned to sell her small farm upon her release from prison and move to a new area with her daughter .
In sentencing , Judge Clare said the woman had a violent criminal history for previously bashing a dog with a shovel and forcing it to run behind her car and for assaulting a woman and beating her to the ground .
“ The sentence must offer the community protection from you . It must also acknowledge the public revulsion for your conduct . Other bullies and sadists should understand the punishment will be stern and just , ” she said .
She said the woman 's offence was a serious example of torture .
“ The repeated infliction of intense pain and suffering was a drawn-out course of conduct . It was not so much a lack of control of passing anger , there was focus , deliberation and sadism in what you did , ” she said .
“ There was the sexual humiliation . It was committed against a record for significant violence . Those features in my view make this an appropriate case for the postponement of parole eligibility . ”
Judge Clare took into account 118 days the woman had already served in pre-sentence custody .
The woman 's daughter , aged in her 20s , was sentenced to two-years jail , to serve six-months , for the treatment in the District Court at Brisbane earlier this month .
# # #
The fine folks over at Polygraph shared an excellent analysis of over 2,000 screenplays , breaking them down by gender and age . Right up front : the results are n't too great . Though , let 's be honest , that 's kind of what you were expecting anyway , was n't it ? According to their analysis of 30 Disney films , 22 of those films have a male majority of dialogue , with the “ worst offender ” being The Jungle Book at over 98 % male lines . Five of those movies have a fair gender balance within a tolerance of 10 % difference between male and female lines , and only four movies out of the 30 have a majority of female lines . Interestingly enough , two of those four movies are Sleeping Beauty and its modern “ spin-off , ” Maleficent .
Even movies that are ostensibly female-focused like Mulan ended up having a majority of male lines . One could make the argument that since Mulan is the only female character for the majority of the film , it might make sense , but the interesting thing is that her co-star , Mushu , had 50 % more lines than she did . As well , the folks behind the analysis acknowledge that it 's not exactly perfect ; these are statistics based on analysis of the screenplay , which does n't necessarily reflect the final product . Thus , there 's perhaps a bit of a margin of error involved .
The overall analysis turned up some not-so-surprising news : in only 22 % of the thousands of films they analyzed , actresses had the most number of lines . Moreover , looking at the roles themselves , there are a scant few films where women make up the majority of the top three roles in a film . From the website :
Women are more likely to be in the second place for number of lines , which occurs in 34 % of films . The most abysmal stat is when women occupy at least 2 of the top 3 roles in a film , which occurs in 18 % of our films . That same scenario for men occurs in about 82 % of films .
Where the study gets especially interesting is when they analyze roles and lines by age . As we 've just established , Hollywood has a significant problem with gender balance , but we 're also aware that Hollywood has an even more tremendous problem with ageism , which can affect both male and female roles , yet is often disproportionately used to discriminate within female roles . Their findings were quite shocking .
They write :
The number of lines , by age-range , is completely opposite for women versus men . Lines available to women who are over 40 years-old decrease substantially . For men , it 's the exact opposite : there are more roles available to older actors .
Kind of sobering , is n't it ? The Polygraph website is absolutely worth a visit , if only because many of the infographics are interactive . You can search for statistics on a film of your choice to see how it breaks down along these lines . As the writers behind the study are happy to point out , thanks to this analysis , we 're now armed with statistics to point out the inequalities between these two genders in film . That being said , I would love to see a study that digs a little deeper and looks at the intersection between gender and race . As we know , according to a study carried out by USC 's school for communication and journalism , “ No platform presents a profile of race/ethnicity that matches proportional representation in the U.S. Over 50 % of stories featured no Asian speaking characters , and 22 % featured no Black or African American characters . The complete absence of individuals from these backgrounds is a symptom of a diversity strategy that relies on tokenistic inclusion rather than integration . ”
Hollywood has some work to do . At least these folks are working to make sure that it 's all cut out for them .
( image via Shutterstock/Mark Poprocki )
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids , but is not limited to , personal insults toward anyone , hate speech , and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Pinterest , & Google+ .
An hour after signing one skilled three-point shooter , the Heat added another early Monday evening , signing former Michigan standout Derrick Walton Jr. to a two-way contract .
The signing came an hour after Miami announced it signed former UCF guard Matt Williams .
Unlike Williams , Walton Jr. was signed to a two-way deal that allows Miami to retain his rights this season , with the restriction that he can spend no more than 45 days in the NBA and must spend the remainder of the time with the Heat 's D-League affiliate in Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
NBA teams can keep 16th and 17th players this season , but those players must be signed to two-way contracts .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Williams ' signing gives the Heat 16 players , with teams permitted to carry as many as 20 before and during training camp .
Walton Jr. , 6-1 , played for the Orlando Magic 's Summer league team and averaged 10.0 points , 3.5 assists , 2.5 rebounds and 20.5 minutes in four games while shooting 46.9 percent ( 15-of-32 ) from the field and 50 percent ( 6-of-12 ) from three-point range . His 50 percent shooting on threes for the third-highest during the Orlando Summer League with a minimum of 10 attempts .
Walton , a 2012 Parade All American , averaged 11.6 points , 4.4 rebounds and 3.9 assists in four seasons at Michigan , shooting 40.4 percent from the field and 40.1 percent on three-pointers .
Last season , as a senior , he averaged 11.5 points and shot 43.6 percent overall and 42.2 percent on threes ( 98 for 132 ) .
He averaged 4.9 assists compared with 1.7 turnovers , an improvement over his career assist to turnover ratio ( 3.9 to 1.8 ) .
Walton appeared in 127 games ( 126 starts ) at the University of Michigan , becoming the only player in program history to score at least 1,000 points , grab 500 rebounds and dish out 400 assists . Among the school 's all-time leaders , he finished second in free throw percentage ( .837 ) , third in starts , fourth in assists ( 499 ) , tied for fourth in three-point field goals made ( 233 ) , seventh in steals ( 146 ) , eighth in minutes ( 4,053 ) , tied for 15th in games played and 22nd in points ( 1,471 ) .
He helped lead the Wolverines to the 2017 Big Ten Championship and was named the Big Ten Tournament MVP as he continued to guide Michigan to a Sweet 16 berth in the NCAA Tournament after defeating No . 2 Louisville in the previous game .
Additionally , he dished out a single-game school record 16 assists at Nebraska on March 5 , 2017 and recorded just the fifth triple-double in Michigan history after tallying 10 points , 11 rebounds and 13 assists against Youngstown State on December 19 , 2015 .
Walton gives the Heat a developmental point guard project for the first time since Briante Weber was in that position for much of the last two seasons before joining NBA teams ( Golden State , Charlotte ) in the second half of the season .
Here 's more on Matt Williams , also signed by the Heat on Monday .
Above : Haiti President Michel Martelly
By the Caribbean Journal staff
Haiti 's long-delayed elections are still far off , but the country took a step toward holding them Tuesday with the publication of the new Provisional Electoral Council .
The new council is a renaming and reorganization of the former transitional college of the Permanent Electoral Council , which had been appointed over a year ago .
The list of members was officially published Tuesday by Haiti President Michel Martelly , who was set to address the nation on Tuesday evening .
The council was part of the recently-signed El Rancho accord between the country 's branches of government . It is tasked with overseeing the vote .
The council includes nine members , with three from each of the branches of government .
For the legislative branch , the members are Marie Cluny Dumay Miracles , Pierre Simon Georges and Nehemy Joseph .
For the judicial branch , the members are Applys Felix , Carole Floreal Duclervil and Leopold Berlanger .
For the executive branch , the members are Margareth Saint-Louis , Chantale Raymond and Frizto Canton , according to the statement released Tuesday by the National Palace .
The United Nations and much of the international community has been urging Haiti to hold its long-delayed legislative and municipal elections , which had been slated to take place at the end of 2011 .
The simplest , or perhaps the most all-encompassing conceptualization of OCD is to understand it as a deficit in uncertainty tolerance . Those who are anything but new to the diagnosis , who have seen any therapist remotely acquainted with it , are likely to have heard , “ Well , you will have to accept the uncertainty that your fear may be true in order to overcome it. ” There is no getting around this , no matter how absurd or irrational ( or abhorrent ) the fear may appear to you . However , a limited understanding of what it means to truly accept uncertainty can lead OCD sufferers ( and their therapists ) toward ineffective interventions and even additional suffering . In my clinical practice and in the online support groups I contribute to , I often encounter people who are repeatedly telling themselves incredibly negative things about reality assuming that this is the only way to do exposure . Though exposure is scary and often painful , learning to accept uncertainty about obsessions need not be viewed as a form of defeat . Here I will discuss a few common mistaken beliefs about what it means to accept uncertainty :
Mistaken Belief 1 : Uncertainty Means 50/50
Obsessions often begin with the words “ what if ” and follow with some description of an event the thinker finds intolerable . What if there is disease-causing bacteria on my hands ? What if I snap and harm a loved one ? What if the faucet is n't closed all the way and my home floods while I 'm at work ? Compulsions are designed to increase certainty about these unwanted outcomes . Using the above examples , a person might wash his/her hands , avoid being around knives , or go back home to check that the faucet is indeed closed . Failure to do the OCD 's bidding results in anxiety , disgust , or some other unwanted internal state , often coupled with vivid mental storylines of brutal consequences . No amount of thinking through the problem is likely to result in the kind of illusion of certainty provided by actual compulsive cleaning , avoiding , or checking . This issue may be best exemplified by the OCD sufferer who becomes aware of the thought that he/she might have harmed someone in the past and then meticulously reviews his/her memories to get a sense that the harm could not have taken place . Since this effort never really works in the end , either because the compulsions intensify the obsessions by validating their existence or because the compulsions ultimately feel unsatisfying when the truth ca n't be locked down , the thinker is left with only one option – accept uncertainty that the feared concept could be true .
Accepting uncertainty does not mean accepting that there is a “ 1 out of 2 ” shot that your fear could be true . What it means is you have abandoned the mandate to determine what the odds are in the first place . As I write this , I am accepting the possibility , however small , that my computer is emitting some kind of toxic substance that may be giving me some kind of health issue . I am further accepting that , merely by attending to writing this , I may be failing to attend to a more important matter , such as whether I may have committed some kind of crime earlier in the day . To say these things is not to say that I believe these concerns are as likely to be true as a flip of the coin . What I am saying is that the possibility simply exists at a level greater than absolute zero . This allows for the understanding that the possibility may be so low , that I can treat it with such disinterest such that I refuse to even analyze how low the possibility is .
Resistance to accepting uncertainty about things that seem unacceptable ( e.g . harm to a child , violating religious laws , burning down your house , etc . ) is heightened by a mistaken belief that accepting uncertainty must mean accepting some meaningful level of probability . It does n't have to be framed that way . Rather than 1 out of 2 , it can also be looked at as 1 in some number so big that to attempt its calculation would be an inefficient use of our finite time on Earth . All that uncertainty acceptance truly requires is the number 1 . The number this is out of can be as high as you want . Just do n't try to calculate it . The aim is not to compulsively reassure yourself that the probability of your fear being true is low . The aim is to live as if this is already understood and no math is required .
Mistaken Belief 2 : There Are Things We Can not Accept Uncertainty about
This belief betrays a poor understanding of the nature of certainty and how it differs from confidence . Certainty is an illusion , an assessment that events ( e.g . triggers ) and responses to those events in the universe can remain constant . The closest thing to a certainty might be that we all die . All people who have once lived and live no more , have died . So this we can be certain of . Except that I have not carefully examined all people who have lived and live no more . You might also be certain about particular chemical reactions , that if you make two molecules interact , there may be some predictable response 100 % of the time ( I 'm going to assume Neil deGrasse Tyson wo n't be reading this and that if I am wrong , the larger message still holds true that some things may get close to being certain ) . Still , chemicals may respond unpredictably if me observing them affects their behavior somehow . So we may get close , but certainty is still not a thing . At some point we say , “ Good enough , I 'm calling it , the sky is blue . ”
Mostly we use the word certainty interchangeably with the word “ confidence ” . Confidence is a feeling . It is a sense that , given certain triggers , certain responses are predictable . I am confident that if I tell my wife I love her , she will reply with the same or something similar . I am confident because this interaction has been repeated multiple times . I may say that I am certain because I feel confident , but I am in fact not certain . She may or may not reply the same next time , but I assume so strongly that she will , I ca n't bring myself to analyze the reasons why she would not . Embracing this difference between the feeling of confidence and the state of certainty is easy when the consequences seem tolerable . Though it would break my heart if she ceased to reciprocate my love , I can envision a life in which I cope with and even tolerate living with a broken heart . For people with OCD who experience intrusive thoughts about being pedophiles , murderers , banished to an eternal hellfire , or responsible for the untimely death of innocent people , they may struggle to envision a world in which they cope with these outcomes . This gets translated as a reason to commit to compulsive behavior because they simply have to , because there appears to them to be no way uncertainty about this issue could be tolerated . The problem is , certainty does n't exist . Only confidence exists . And compulsions are the very thing that deplete confidence . They are the behaviors that send the message to the brain , “ warning : confidence is lacking. ” We must accept uncertainty about all things , not because all things are likely or even worth any attention at all , but because certainty does not exist . There is only confidence . When confidence is absent , we can find it by engaging in the behaviors of confident people , not by certainty-seeking .
Mistaken Belief 3 : People With OCD Are Not as Good at Accepting Uncertainty
People with OCD may have a deficit in tolerating in some ways . This does not mean they have a general deficit in this area . More likely it is a reflection of the intensity and the fine detail with which they care about the things they care about and are aware of the ways in which these things could be harmed . For example , a person without OCD may value hygiene and wash his/her hands after touching a public toilet handle . A person with OCD in the same scenario may conceptualize hygiene as a function of social responsibility and connect it to the safety of others and the determination of their morality and thus , may be consciously grappling with whether or not e. coli has gotten on the hands , what the probability and specific health consequences are of e. coli getting from their hands to another person would be , and what the philosophical ramifications would be to a person who was indifferent to this harm . They would then wash in a manner that ensured confidence that every millimeter of skin on and around the hands had come in contact with soap and the right kind of warm water that had not been additionally contaminated by any contact with the sink or faucet . More succinctly , the OCD sufferer may be less willing to view the issue as a simple matter and may find more issues to be uncertain about .
However , given that OCD sufferers often see things in finer detail and become aware of what others might consider “ fringe ” thoughts that do n't demand attention for others , consider that OCD sufferers feel like they experience more ideas that require one to be uncertain about . So truly , OCD sufferers are spending significantly more time accepting uncertainty , and doing it well , than people who are n't noticing the things we have to accept uncertainty about . It is only when the focus of attention is on a particular obsession ( the focus of their OCD ) that people with OCD struggle to accept uncertainty .
For example , a person with OCD may think about the possibility of a sinkhole suddenly appearing beneath them and just write it off as nonsense . A person without OCD might have the same thought very quietly or not even be aware of a thought like that formulating unless their attention was drawn to it , so treating it like nonsense is easy . But a person with OCD who thinks about the sinkhole and also has an obsession with dying in a sinkhole , would be more resistant to writing it off as nonsense . In other words , OCD sufferers are uncertainty-accepting pros . They notice what others do n't and they allow things to be as they are more often than not . Where they can benefit from this in treatment is learning how to generalize this skill to apply to specific obsessions , instead of only to the plethora of other thoughts on the radar .
Mistaken Belief 4 : Accepting Uncertainty Means You Ca n't Assume the Best
There is a myth that OCD promotes in the mind that you do n't deserve to be happy ; that if you 're happy , it must be the result of not paying enough attention to something important . So if you have OCD and try to do what happy people do , you may feel an urge to neutralize that with self-criticism or self-punishment of some kind . Consider a person with sexual orientation obsessions who has a life history of being heterosexual , but notices an increased heart rate occurring while watching an action movie with an attractive same-sex actor performing in it . The OCD may say , “ This is evidence that you are gay. ” The urge to compulsively neutralize that by saying “ No , I know I 'm not gay and this is just an exciting scene in the movie ” may be very strong . A cognitive behavioral approach would be to accept uncertainty that maybe the reaction to the movie is a sign of some sexual orientation confusion . However , accepting that your OCD could be right does not preclude assuming that it is n't . This is not done by repeatedly making self-reassuring statements ( as in , “ I assume I am straight ” ) , but by simply responding to the increased heart rate as if it were not a threat . This would probably look something like remaining focused on the film , taking another handful of popcorn , and staying out of the debate altogether .
People going through OCD treatment often make themselves unnecessarily unhappy by interpreting uncertainty acceptance as a mandate to assume the worst and then dwell on it . Rather than it having to be a net negative experience , it can be a freeing one . If you assume your fears are untrue and engaging in behaviors that reflect this , while still allowing for the possibility that you are wrong ( and hence , necessarily accepting uncertainty ) , you can allow yourself to enjoy the experience on your own terms . By letting go of resistance to uncertainty , you free yourself up to act like a person who thinks things will work out fine . For those with morality-themed obsessions , this means assuming you are good instead of trying to prove it to your OCD . As long as you leave space for being wrong , you are accepting uncertainty even when you are framing things positively .
So…
All of the above are basically saying the same thing . Improving your ability to open up to , accept , or even embrace uncertainty in the face of OCD is essential to getting mastery of the disorder . But this need not be looked at as an intolerable burden or a recipe for misery . Uncertainty is simply the absence of certainty , which is a state you are already in . It does n't mean everything you care about hinges on the flip of a coin . It means only that investing in something unattainable is less helpful than investing in the present moment and in your values . Acknowledging that your fears could be true does not mean admitting your fears are likely or reasonable . In fact , accepting uncertainty can mean living joyfully with the assumption that your fears are not true , that your OCD is a glitch at best , or a liar and bully at its worst . The OCD makes it seem as if the content of your specific obsession is the one thing a person should never have to accept uncertainty about . But that 's a trap . There is no certainty . There is only confidence and assumptions .
So even as the OCD stretches as far as it can into the grotesque , the sinful , or the horrifying depths of your mind , it is still simply trying to con you with the idea that it 's found the one exception to the rule . Uncertainty is everywhere . One in a 100 trillion is an uncertainty . And remember , you practice uncertainty acceptance more than someone without OCD . You make an exception for your obsession because the disorder itself creates an illusion that this content must be made certain . Assuming everything will be fine is not a compulsion . It is actually the greatest exposure , so long as it includes the willingness to be wrong .
Jon Hershfield is the Director of The OCD and Anxiety Center of Greater Baltimore and a specialist in the treatment of OCD and related disorders . He has previous experience as the Associate Director of the UCLA Pediatric OCD Intensive Outpatient Program and as a Psychotherapist for the OCD Center of Los Angeles . You can read more from Jon here .
The limitation of metal is that it has such a strong identity that it can easily become repetitive . The danger of going the opposite direction is that with no sense of identity music loses its own character in an effort to be open-minded .
Hellbastard hover on the lintel of that conundrum . Famous for their mid-1980s crustcore ( and possibly for coining the name of that genre ) the band detoured into metal on 1990 's Natural Order , but return here in a blur of distorted power chords and hoarse vocals .
The first four songs are relatively straightforward Amebix-style crust with interesting time changes . Vocals are searing and impressively aggressive . In addition to some ideas borrowed from rock , many riffs bear the stamp of middle-period Slayer .
Sons of Bitches mixes in the jaunty rhythms of late speed metal , conveyed mainly through the vocals but causing all of the music to be pulled by the catchy , repetitive chorus phrases . If you can imagine later Destruction fused with Pantera , embedded into a crust band , that 's the rough idea .
There are two outlier tracks . “ We Had Evidence ” starts a metal-styled instrumental that acquits itself quite well and then veers off into jazz fusion technique while recorded loudspeaker voices play in the background ; then becomes a chanty metal-crust hybrid . Then “ Throw the Petrol Bomb ” comes on , which is some form of reggae lite with lyrics taunting the anger and frustration of political protesters .
The strength of this EP is its pure crust orientation . While the Slayer-style riffs give some power to the underlying material , the speed metal chant-vocals and assorted odds ‘ n ' ends tossed in from rock and metal distract from the power of these songs . Perhaps on a full-length the band will focus more on its strength and slash out a slew of crust anthems .
Tags : crust , hellbastard , Speed Metal
Yaghdan , Lori Province , Armenia – Frontik Nikolayid was born in the village of Yaghdan in the Lori province . He later moved to Yerevan and today heads up the Greek “ Pontic ” NGO . Mr. Nikolayid knows the exact number of Greek-Armenians living in the capital city – 615 families , 1253 people . He also stresses , however , that there are very few pure Greek families , where the husband and wife are both Greek . “ My wife is Armenian , therefore she is not part of that 1,253 , ” Frontik says jokingly .
Armenia is one of the most monoethnic states in the world , where only 2.5-3 percent of the population is n't ethnic Armenian . Of the ethnic minorities that do exist in Armenia , the Greek community is unique because it has existed here for 350 years . During the second half of the 18th century , close to 800 Greek families moved from the Ottoman Empire 's Gyumushan region and established themselves in the present-day city of Akhtala in the province of Lori and the surrounding regions . The Greeks were considered specialists in mining and for that reason they moved to these areas . In later years , some of them moved to the mining regions of Hankavan and Kapan , thereby spreading their knowledge of mining throughout Armenia .
“ Our forebears came from the shores of the Black Sea , from historic Pontos and then Gyumashan . Our language is closer to old Greek and is different from modern Greek . Apart from language , our organization has arranged for Greek history classes twice a week at Number 132 School in Yerevan , ” Mr. Nikolayid said .
The number of Greeks in Armenia severely dropped after the 1988 earthquake . The Greek government invited over 300 Greek children , whose homes were damaged during the earthquake , to Greece . After staying in Greece for six months , when the children returned to Armenia in May 1989 , they , along with their families and other Greeks from the village of Yaghdan and other areas affected by the earthquake , returned back to Greece for good .
The allure of leaving for Greece was justifiable . Aside from returning to their historic homeland , the Greeks were escaping a country that was becoming poorer and poorer and collapsing daily into darkness . In those days , even Armenians were escaping en masse .
Thereby , the 6,000-strong Greek community by 1994 had diminished as a result of migration to Greece . The same phenomena occured to the Greek community of Georgia as well . Here , once again , Armenians and Greeks lived side by side , primarily in the region of Tsalka . The Armenians and the Georgians referred to the Pontic Greeks as Bertsens .
At one time in Armenia , there were purely Greek or majority-Greek villages such as Yaghdan , Madan , Koghos , Hankavan , Shamlugh , and Akhtala . In 1922 , the entire population of Koghes moved to Greece . Today , outside of Yerevan , it is possible to come across some Greeks in Gyumri , Stepanavan , Noyemberian , Vanadzor , Alaverdi , Hrazdan , Akhtala , and Shamlugh . But the only village that is considered Greek is the village of Yaghdan , found not far from Stepanavan . However , even there the Greeks are a minority .
Valentina Kerkhanacheva is the village head of Yaghdan . Today , there are 209 homes in Yaghdan , 89 of which are inhabited , while the others are empty and are already slowly decaying . Of those 89 homes , only 36 families are natives of Yaghdan ; the rest have come from the surrounding areas , even from Yerevan , Vanadzor , and Alaverdi . In the 1990s , during the cold and dark years , people were moving from the cities to the villages .
The village head told us that during the Soviet years , there were only four ethnic Armenian families here ; the rest were all Greek . “ Today we have 238 inhabitants , of which only 60-70 are Greek and the rest Armenian who came from different regions and took up residence in the abandoned homes . Until 1936 , the school in the village was a Greek school ; then it became Russian ; and after independence , it is now an Armenian school , ” said Mrs. Kerkhanacheva .
The residents of Yaghdan are primarily occupied with dairy farming and agriculture , cultivating potatoes .
A Greek village has also been preserved in Nagorno-Karabakh : the village of Mehmana in the region of Martakert , where there continue to live several Greek families .
The Greek government , through its embassy in Yerevan , provides different kinds of assistance to the Greeks of Yaghdan and other regions . “ In 2005 , through the funds supplied by the Greek government , a 1.5 km water pipe was built . Officials from the Greek Embassy visit Yaghdan from time to time , ” said the village head .
The Pontic Greeks , after living in Armenia for centuries , continue to retain their language , customs , and traditions , and after independence have managed to maintain close ties with their homeland , Greece .
The director of the Pontic NGO , Mr. Nikolayid , says that the Greeks in Armenia observe all Greek holidays , the most important of which is March 25 , Greece 's National Day .
“ May 19 is the day Pontic Greeks commemorate the massacre perpertrated by the Ottoman Empire . Every year on that day , we go to Tzitzernakaberd . On October 28 we celebrate Okhi day ; that is the day that Greece was able to throw out the Italian fascists from Greece . In terms of religious observances , we celebrate Greek Easter and Greek Christmas , ” he said .
For those Greeks living in Armenia , their ancient history and culture , their gods and mythology are a source of great pride . They are also proud of friendly Armenian-Greek relations , which has survived for centuries .
by Tatul Hakobyan
Published : Friday July 10 , 2009 , THE ARMENIAN REPORTER
Foxconn , a Taiwan based electronics contract manufacturing company , will start making Xiaomi phones in Andhra Pradesh , India , reports The Economic Times . The report mentions that this plant will be a small scale unit with a capacity to manufacture about 10,000 phones a day . However , it 's not clear when Foxcon plans to start making Xiaomi phones at this factory . Apparently , Foxconn plans to set up 10-12 manufacturing units in India , and invest about $ 2 billion over the next five years .
It 's worth noting that last year , Xiaomi had revealed plans of manufacturing its phones in India as it was struggling to meet the demand for its Mi handsets in the country . At the time , Xiaomi 's VP of International operations Hugo Barra had told Bloomberg that production in India will likely begin in a year or two .
Foxconn is reportedly also in talks with Japanese telecom and Internet giant Softbank to form joint venture for telecom equipment manufacturing .
Other companies setting up manufacturing units in India
– Smartphone maker OPPO is planning to set up a handset manufacturing unit in India by August this year , to primarily tend to the domestic market . The company mentions that some of its devices manufactured here will also be exported to overseas markets .
– In April this year , Chinese handset maker Gionee said that it would set up a manufacturing facility in India within 2018 . The company claims it will invest Rs 300 crore to set up this plant , which will manufacture devices for India , the SAARC countries and Nigeria .
– In April last year , mobile phone manufacturer Micromax had also started manufacturing devices in the country at its Rudrapur plant . Previously , the company imported devices from China where it had tie-ups with manufacturers such as Foxconn .
– In March this year , Samsung and Sony had announced plans for setting up manufacturing bases in India as a part of the Make in India initiative . Samsung reportedly would invest as much as $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in the manufacturing unit that will produce smartphones and tablets for the company .
– Earlier this year , Spice Group had said it would invest Rs 500 crores to set up a manufacturing unit in Uttar Pradesh . The company had also signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with the Government of Uttar Pradesh for the same , as per which the UP Government will support Spice in establishing the facility by providing the necessary infrastructure , ecosystem and incentives under various schemes .
Share . Expect some artwork , at the very least . Expect some artwork , at the very least .
According to director Kevin Smith , we can expect some Batman vs. Superman reveal stuff coming this Saturday at a Man of Steel fan event this Saturday .
Smith , who will moderate the event , suspects there might be `` announcements '' made during the show , which , let 's face it , could only pertain to one thing .
`` They 're doing a special on Yahoo that I 'm hosting , '' said Smith on his Podcast , Hollywood Babble-On . `` Zack Snyder is the featured guest , but it 's all about Man of Steel . So it 's me , Zack Snyder , Amy Adams , Henry Cavill is on video from London or he may even be on set with us , and then there 's some Michael Shannon stuff . So it 's an hour long , it 's free , it 's on the internet , but it 's just kind of to be like 'Hey , Man of Steel is coming out ! ' But there are two things , there might be announcements during this show and the one thing I do know is there 's artwork going to be on this show that may or may not have something to do with a movie that 's coming up . ''
So , sure , it 's vague . But at the very least , we might get a small taste of the look of Snyder 's yet-to-be-named ( but probably called Batman vs. Superman ) sequel to The Man of Steel .
Stay tuned for updates !
Exit Theatre Mode
Lucy O'Brien is Entertainment Editor at IGN AU . Follow her ramblings on IGN or Twitter .
To celebrate its 20th season , the WNBA has picked 20 of its greatest and most influential players -- including nine who are still active . Four of them represent the two teams that entered Tuesday with perfect records .
WNBA Top 20 @ 20 Player Seimone Augustus Sue Bird Swin Cash Tamika Catchings Cynthia Cooper Yolanda Griffith Becky Hammon Lauren Jackson Lisa Leslie Maya Moore Deanna Nolan Candace Parker Ticha Penicheiro Cappie Pondexter Katie Smith Sheryl Swoopes Diana Taurasi Tina Thompson Teresa Weatherspoon Lindsay Whalen
Minnesota 's Maya Moore , Seimone Augustus and Lindsay Whalen all made the `` 20 @ 20 '' squad , as did Los Angeles ' Candace Parker . The 12-0 Lynx meet the 11-0 Sparks on Tuesday and again Friday .
`` I grew up watching the WNBA , '' said Moore , whose Lynx have won three of the past five league titles . `` To be in a class of athletes of the caliber that this league has produced over the past 20 years is a huge honor . ''
The other five active players who were honored are Seattle 's Sue Bird , New York 's Swin Cash , Indiana 's Tamika Catchings , Chicago 's Cappie Pondexter and Phoenix 's Diana Taurasi .
The 11 former players chosen , in alphabetical order , are Cynthia Cooper , Yolanda Griffith , Becky Hammon , Lauren Jackson , Lisa Leslie , Deanna Nolan , Ticha Penicheiro , Katie Smith , Sheryl Swoopes , Tina Thompson and Teresa Weatherspoon .
The 20 were chosen by a 15-member committee that included legendary players Ann Meyers Drysdale and Carol Blazejowski , current coaches Cheryl Reeve of Minnesota and Michael Cooper of Atlanta , former coaches Van Chancellor and Anne Donovan , and members of the media .
Editor 's Picks Taylor , Milton-Jones belonged on WNBA 's Top 20 @ 20 There 's no correct list when coming up with the top 20 greatest players in the WNBA 's 20-season history . But Australian Penny Taylor and DeLisha Milton-Jones were big omissions on Tuesday 's list .
Fourteen of the 15 players who were honored in 2011 when the league celebrated its 15th season made this year 's list of 20 . Dawn Staley was on the list five years ago but did n't make Tuesday 's group .
Among the 2016 honorees , only three do not have at least one WNBA title : Weatherspoon , Hammon and Parker . Weatherspoon played her first seven years in New York before retiring in 2004 after one season in Los Angeles . Parker is in her ninth season with the Sparks .
The top 20 is guard-heavy , as 11 perimeter players made the list . Of the nine post players who made it , only two were the more classic , back-to-the-basket centers : Leslie and Griffith . Parker and Jackson are considered more versatile at the center position .
Two international players were honored : Australia 's Jackson , who officially retired this year , and Portugal 's Penicheiro , who retired in 2012 . The oldest active player is Catchings , who turns 37 in July and plans to retire after the season . The youngest player is Moore , who turned 27 in June .
Moore is also one of four UConn alumni on the 20 @ 20 list , along with Bird , Cash and Taurasi .
Taurasi , who has won three titles in Phoenix , said it meant a lot to her to be in a group that included both the `` pioneers '' of the WNBA and the current stars .
The more notable omissions among active players are Penny Taylor , who is in her 13th WNBA season and has been part of three championship teams at Phoenix , and Atlanta 's Angel McCoughtry , who has helped the Dream get to the WNBA Finals three times and has averaged 19.5 points per game over her eight seasons in the league .
Among players who are retired or not currently active in the WNBA , there were three notable omissions who have eight league titles among them .
Four-time champion Janeth Arcain is the only member of the so-called Big Four for now-defunct Houston who was n't on this list of 20 . Two-time WNBA champion DeLisha Milton-Jones played 17 seasons in the league , and Taj McWilliams-Franklin won two WNBA titles in 14 years in the league .
Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Interview by Amador Fernández-Savater . Translated by Richard Mac Duinnsleibhe and edited by Arianne Sved of Guerrilla Translation .
In 2002 , John Holloway published a landmark book : Change the World without Taking Power . Inspired by the ‘ ¡Ya basta ! ' of the Zapatistas , by the movement that emerged in Argentina in 2001/'02 , and by the anti-globalization movement , Holloway sets out a hypothesis : it is not the idea of revolution or transformation of the world that has been refuted as a result of the disaster of authoritarian communism , but rather the idea of revolution as the taking of power , and of the party as the political tool par excellence .
Holloway discerns another concept of social change at work in these movements , and generally in every practice—however visible or invisible it may be—where a logic different from that of profit is followed : the logic of cracking capitalism . That is , to create , within the very society that is being rejected , spaces , moments , or areas of activity in which a different world is prefigured . Rebellions in motion . From this perspective , the idea of organization is no longer equivalent to that of the party , but rather entails the question of how the different cracks that unravel the fabric of capitalism can recognize each other and connect .
But after Argentina 's “ que se vayan to-dos ” came the Kirchner government , and after Spain 's “ no nos representan ” appeared Podemos . We met with John Holloway in the city of Puebla , Mexico , to ask him if , after everything that has happened in the past decade , from the progressive governments of Latin America to Podemos and Syriza in Europe , along with the problems for self-organized practices to exist and multiply , he still thinks that it is possible to “ change the world without taking power . ”
Firstly , John , we would like to ask you where the hegemonic idea of revolution in the 20th century comes from , what it is based on . That is , the idea of social change through the taking of power .
I think the central element is labor , understood as wage labor . In other words , alienated or abstract labor . Wage labor has been , and still is , the bedrock of the trade union movement , of the social democratic parties that were its political wing , and also of the communist movements . This concept defined the revolutionary theory of the labor movement : the struggle of wage labor against capital . But its struggle was limited because wage labor is the complement of capital , not its negation .
I do n't understand the relation between this idea of labor and that of revolution through the taking of state power .
One way of understanding the connection would be as follows : if you start off from the definition of labor as wage or alienated labor , you start off from the idea of the workers as victims and objects of the system of domination . And a movement that struggles to improve the living standards of workers ( considered as victims and objects ) immediately refers to the state . Why ? Because the state , due to its very separation from society , is the ideal institution if one seeks to achieve benefits for people . This is the traditional thinking of the labor movement and that of the left governments that currently exist in Latin America .
But this tradition is n't the only approach to a politics of emancipation…
Of course not . In the last twenty or thirty years we find a great many movements that claim something else : it is possible to emancipate human activity from alienated labor by opening up cracks where one is able to do things differently , to do something that seems useful , necessary , and worthwhile to us ; an activity that is not subordinated to the logic of profit .
These cracks can be spatial ( places where other social relations are generated ) , temporal ( “ Here , in this event , for the time that we are together , we are going to do things differently . We are going to open windows onto another world. ” ) , or related to particular activities or resources ( for example , cooperatives or activities that pursue a non-market logic with regard to water , software , education , etc. ) . The world , and each one of us , is full of these cracks .
The rejection of alienated and alienating labor entails , at the same time , a critique of the institutional and organizational structures , and the mindset that springs from it . This is how we can explain the rejection of trade unions , parties , and the state that we observe in so many contemporary movements , from the Zapatistas to the Greek or Spanish indignados .
But it is n't a question of the opposition between an old and a new politics , I think . Because what we see in the movements born of the economic crisis is that those two things come to the fore at the same time : cracks such as protests in city squares , and new parties such as Syriza or Podemos .
I think it 's a reflection of the fact that our experience under capitalism is contradictory . We are victims and yet we are not . We seek to improve our living standards as workers , and also to go beyond that , to live differently . In one respect we are , in effect , people who have to sell their labor power in order to survive . But in another , each one of us has dreams , behaviors and projects that do n't fit into the capitalist definition of labor .
The difficulty , then as now , lies in envisioning the relation between those two types of movements . How can that relation avoid reproducing the old sectarianism ? How can it be a fruitful relation without denying the fundamental differences between the two perspectives ?
Argentina in 2001 and 2002 , the indignados in Greece and Spain more recently . At a certain point , bottom-up movements stall , they enter a crisis or an impasse , or they vanish . Would you say that the politics of cracks has intrinsic limits in terms of enduring and expanding ?
I would n't call them limits , but rather problems . Ten years ago , when I published Change the World without Taking Power , the achievements and the power of movements from below were more apparent , whereas now we are more conscious of the problems . The movements you mention are enormously important beacons of hope , but capital continues to exist and it 's getting worse and worse ; it progressively entails more misery and destruction . We can not confine ourselves to singing the praises of movements . That 's not enough .
Could one response then be the option that focuses on the state ?
It 's understandable why people want to go in that direction , very understandable . These have been years of ferocious struggles , but capital 's aggression remains unchanged . I sincerely hope that Podemos and Syriza do win the elections , because that would change the current kaleidoscope of social struggles . But I maintain all of my objections with regard to the state option .
Any government of this kind entails channeling aspirations and struggles into institutional conduits that , by necessity , force one to seek a conciliation between the anger that these movements express and the reproduction of capital . Because the existence of any government involves promoting the reproduction of capital ( by attracting foreign investment , or through some other means ) , there is no way around it . This inevitably means taking part in the aggression that is capital . It 's what has already happened in Bolivia and Venezuela , and it will also be the problem in Greece or Spain .
Could it be a matter of complementing the movements from below with a movement oriented towards government institutions ?
That 's the obvious answer that keeps coming up . But the problem with obvious answers is that they suppress contradictions . Things ca n't be reconciled so easily . From above , it may be possible to improve people 's living conditions , but I do n't think one can break with capitalism and generate a different reality . And I sincerely believe that we 're in a situation where there are no long-term solutions for the whole of humanity within capitalism .
I 'm not discrediting the state option because I myself do n't have an answer to offer , but I do n't think it 's the solution .
Where are you looking for the answer ?
Whilst not considering parties of the left as enemies , since for me this is certainly not the case , I would say that the answer has to be thought of in terms of deepening the cracks .
If we 're not going to accept the annihilation of humanity , which , to me , seems to be on capitalism 's agenda as a real possibility , then the only alternative is to think that our movements are the birth of another world . We have to keep building cracks and finding ways of recognizing them , strengthening them , expanding them , connecting them ; seeking the confluence or , preferably , the commoning of the cracks .
If we think in terms of state and elections , we are straying away from that , because Podemos or Syriza can improve things , but they can not create another world outside the logic of capital . And that 's what this is all about , I think .
Finally , John , how do you see the relation between the two perspectives we 've been talking about ?
We need to keep a constant and respectful debate going without suppressing the differences and the contradictions . I think the basis for a dialogue could be this : no one has the solution .
For the moment , we have to recognize that we 're not strong enough to abolish capitalism . By strong , I am referring here to building ways of living that do n't depend on wage labor . To be able to say “ I do n't really care whether I have a job or not , because if I do n't have one , I can dedicate my life to other things that interest me and that give me enough sustenance to live decently. ” That 's not the case right now . Perhaps we have to build that before we can say “ go to hell , capital . ”
In that sense , let 's bear in mind that a precondition for the French Revolution was that , at a certain point , the social network of bourgeois relations no longer needed the aristocracy in order to exist . Likewise , we must work to reach a point where we can say “ we do n't care if global capital is n't investing in Spain , because we 've built a mutual support network that 's strong enough to enable us to live with dignity . ”
Right now the rage against banks is spreading throughout the world . However , I do n't think banks are the problem , but rather the existence of money as a social relation . How should we think about rage against money ? I believe this necessarily entails building non-monetized , non-commodified social relations .
And there are a great many people dedicated to this effort , whether out of desire , conviction or necessity , even though they may not appear in the newspapers . They 're building other forms of community , of sociality , of thinking about technology and human capabilities in order to create a new life .
Last month we expanded our Pre-Launch Guild Program with the implementation of Phase 2 : Alignment , where guilds could designate other guilds as allies or adversaries . Now , as Star Wars™ : The Old Republic™ moves ever-closer to launch , we are excited to announce that we have initiated the first part of Phase 3 : Deployment !
Phase 3 : Deployment will see any guild that meets the pre-designated criteria be transferred into the game for launch . Before we begin this process , though , we want to give all of you who are in guilds the opportunity to make sure your guild meets the following requirement for transfer :
Four members of the guild must have pre-ordered the game and redeemed their Pre-Order Code at the Code Redemption Center .
( NOTE : We have removed the additional requirement for the guild leader to log in to the website and verify that their guild remains active and wants to be imported . )
To help clear up any confusion as to whether or not your guild is ready for deployment , we have now given each guild page a small status indicator . This indicator will show you the number of people in your guild who have pre-ordered the game , and will inform you whether or not your guild meets the criteria for deployment into the game .
Now is the time to make sure that your guild meets the criteria to be transferred into the game so visit the Guild HQ now ! Make sure to secure your copy of Star Wars : The Old Republic by visiting our Pre-Order page , and then redeem your Pre-Order Code at the Code Redemption Center to ensure that your guild is among the first to explore The Old Republic !
To learn more about guilds in The Old Republic , check out the Guilds Game System page for details and visit the Guilds FAQ for answers to commonly asked questions .
Discuss this article
Police vow to smash paedophile ring that abused boy trafficked by adoptive parents
Updated
Police have vowed to hunt down every member of an international paedophile network that sexually abused a boy who was trafficked by his adoptive parents .
Australian man Peter Truong and his partner Mark Newton bought the child , who the ABC will call Boy 1 , from Russia in 2005 .
His birth papers were falsified to list Newton as his biological father , paving the way for Boy 1 to be adopted and brought to Queensland .
Police say the men allowed at least eight men in several different countries , including Australia , the US , Germany and France , to molest the boy when he was between two and six years old .
US authorities have also found videos involving two more boys at Truong and Newton 's Cairns home .
At the weekend , Newton was sentenced to 40 years in jail for his crimes . Truong is awaiting his sentence , while two other American men have also been charged .
Queensland police officer Jon Rouse , who investigates online child exploitation as part of Taskforce Argos , says authorities will not rest until all the men involved in the network are behind bars .
`` With this network , rest assured that we will pursue them to the ends of the Earth to make sure each and every one of them faces justice for what their role has been in crimes against this child , '' he told 7.30 .
`` The purchase of the child for the explicit and sole purpose of exploiting him across a network of men is incredibly depraved and very sad tale for that little boy . ''
Truong and Newton evaded detection for six years , until a chance discovery exposed their depraved life and their paedophile network .
Rest assured that we will pursue them to the ends of the Earth to make sure each and every one of them faces justice for what their role has been in crimes against this child . Queensland police officer Jon Rouse
In 2011 , New Zealand authorities discovered images revealing the boy had been used in child pornography .
They alerted Taskforce Argos and Queensland police raided the couple 's house , just after the men and the boy had left for the US .
Police seized computers , electronic equipment and documents that uncovered high-definition video and images of child exploitation .
One video showed Boy 1 performing sex acts on Newton with a disturbing level of sophistication when he was not even two years old .
When he turned five , in one month alone Newton videoed himself engaging in sexual activity with Boy 1 on more than a dozen different occasions .
`` One way they controlled and manipulated this child was to appear to the outside world as a good parent , '' said Steven Debrota , the deputy US attorney in Indianapolis .
`` One of the things they did was they trained this child how to answer questions for particular investigators .
`` So this was a psychological manipulation of the child . ''
ABC local radio presenter Ginger Gorman , who interviewed Truong and Newton before their crimes were exposed , agrees the pair put on a loving front .
`` I felt no sense anything was wrong . For all intents and purposes this appeared to be a loving family and a loving household . I 've gone over and over about it in my brain and I did not feel anything was wrong , '' she said .
Videos show other boys abused
US authorities also found videos involving two more boys at Truong and Newton 's Cairns home .
`` I ca n't say too much about the identity of that child , '' Mr Debrota said . `` I can say that the victimisation of Boy 2 occurred in Australia .
`` Under US law we ca n't say very much to identify Boy 1 or Boy 2 , but it is the case and we can confirm that the conspiracy we allege involving Boy 1 , Boy 2 and others was international in scope . ''
Police also found chat logs between Truong and Newton and a New Zealand man in which they bragged about how they had been having sex with Boy 1 since he was little .
They also bragged they had given him to several other men around the world for sex , including two American men who were being investigated by police .
Mr Debrota says the two US men allegedly became involved with Boy 1 when he was aged five .
The four men form part of a network known broadly as Boy Lovers - men who believe the sexual abuse and rape of boys aged between two and 10 is a form of consensual love between man and boy .
In 2009 the network 's chatboard was smashed in a series of global raids , with several Australian men arrested .
Boy 1 remains in state care in the US .
Topics : child-abuse , sexual-offences , law-crime-and-justice , australia , qld , united-states
First posted
Jason West of San Francisco displays a photo taken on March 12 when West says he was a passenger in an Uber that was involved in a road rage incident on Monday , April 11 , 2016 in San Francisco , California . Jason West of San Francisco displays a photo taken on March 12 when West says he was a passenger in an Uber that was involved in a road rage incident on Monday , April 11 , 2016 in San Francisco , California . Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Buy photo Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 53 Caption Close Uber passengers says driver 's chase ended in death of SF pedestrian 1 / 53 Back to Gallery
A van that killed a pedestrian in an unsolved hit-and-run crash last month in San Francisco 's Tenderloin was being chased at high speed by an Uber driver after the two vehicles exchanged honks and got into a fender-bender , according to an Uber customer who says he got taken along for the ride .
The customer , 52-year-old Jason West , spoke to The Chronicle about what he called a frightening , 15-minute ordeal — with the Dodge van and the Mercedes he was in running red lights along rainy streets — after contacting police and Uber .
He said the company and its insurer responded by offering him thousands of dollars to cover his medical bills and release Uber from liability , while keeping the deal confidential — an offer that Uber representatives and their insurance company called a routine legal practice .
West declined the offer , and his account — disputed by the Uber driver — offers insight into the March 12 death of Michael Gilmore , 56 , a San Francisco native who emerged from hard times and homelessness and lived at the Jefferson Hotel on Eddy Street , just around the corner from where he died at Ellis and Leavenworth streets .
Why he came forward
West said he spoke out because news accounts of the crash — which also injured a second pedestrian — had n't mentioned the chase he said he was part of .
San Francisco police officials have refused to discuss the crash in detail , citing the sensitivity of the case , but said Tuesday that the van driver remained at large and that the Uber driver had not been accused of any wrongdoing . An Uber representative said the company had not been contacted by police .
“ No one knows what I know , that this was a road-rage incident involving an Uber driver , ” said West , a longtime city resident who works in personal services . “ This did n't have to happen . Mr. Gilmore did n't have to be killed . ”
The Uber driver , Omar Dahmash , denied West 's account in an interview Tuesday . He said that while a collision did occur between his car and the van , it was West who prompted him to follow the van . The pursuit never went over the speed limit , Dahmash said , and lasted only one block . He said a third vehicle was also struck by the van , and followed it farther than he did .
“ I spoke to the police and there are no charges against me , ” Dahmash said . “ I did n't chase him , I was just following and it was only for a block . The passenger is not correct at all . ”
An Uber representative said the company had deactivated Dahmash 's account on the popular app — which has faced past scrutiny over its ability to protect customers — after determining that the trip did not meet the company 's safety standards . The representative would not elaborate and declined to be quoted by name .
West said the incident began when he called for an Uber car to pick him up at his South of Market apartment in the early evening . He planned , he said , to pick up some friends near Union Square before heading out for a Saturday night in the Castro .
Read Full Article
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - A U.S. regulator found software in some Audi vehicles that lowered their carbon dioxide emissions if it detected they were being used under test conditions , Bild am Sonntag reported .
The logo of German carmaker Audi is seen outside a garage in Vienna , Austria , September 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
The California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) discovered the software in an automatic transmission Audi last summer , the German weekly newspaper said , without citing any sources .
CARB and Audi declined to comment on Sunday 's Bild am Sonntag report .
The paper said the device , which was not the same as the one which triggered last year 's diesel emissions scandal at Audi parent Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) , was also used in diesel and gasoline-powered cars in Europe .
VW 's admission that it had installed software that deactivated pollution controls on more than 11 million diesel vehicles sold worldwide , triggered the deepest business crisis in the German carmaker 's history .
Audi , the main contributor to VW group profit , has also admitted its 3.0 liter V6 diesel engine was fitted with emissions-control software .
Bild am Sonntag said the software discovered by CARB , which was installed in vehicles with certain automatic transmissions , detected whether a car 's steering wheel was turned .
If it was not , indicating laboratory testing conditions , the software turned on a gear-shifting program which produced less carbon dioxide than in normal road driving . If the wheel was turned in any direction by more than 15 degrees , the program was switched off , the paper said .
Audi stopped using the software in May 2016 , just before CARB discovered the manipulation in an older model , the paper said , adding that the carmaker had suspended several engineers in connection with the matter .
Bild am Sonntag said a spokesman for Audi had declined to comment , citing ongoing talks with U.S. and California regulators on a proposed fix for cars with 3.0 liter engines .
Right this instant , Detroiters could be visiting what is surely the only pop-up restaurant that is an ode to a food someone threw up . Eminem , in a poorly named attempt to promote his new album Revival , is this weekend hosting a Mom 's Spaghetti pop-up restaurant and shop at music venue The Shelter—the very venue where said vomiting would have occurred . Meta .
According to promoters , the pop-up serves dishes inspired by Eminem 's role in 8 Mile , a film that marked its 15th anniversary last month my god we 're so old . The shop will also sell Revival merchandise , but who cares , tell us more about puke spaghetti .
“ It 's not the kind of pasta you 'd expect if your grandma came from Italy on a boat . It 's more like the spaghetti you 'd know if your mom came to Michigan on a bus , ” says Curt Catallo , co-owner of Union Joints , the restaurant group that partnered with Shady for the pop-up .
The spaghetti is served with made-from-scratch sauce , jarred Parmesan cheese , garlic bread , and can be ordered with optional meatballs . In a dish inspired by Eminem 's “ real-life upbringing , ” the menu also offers a grilled ( what ? ) Spaghetti Sandwich on white bread . Intrigued ? The pop-up is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday , and noon to 5 p.m. Sunday .
Southampton Under-21s came out on top in seven-goal thriller at Adams Park , beating Reading 5-2 to move top of the Barclays Under-21 Premier League .
Harrison Reed opened the scoring in just the seventh minute to set the tone of the match , before Rowan Liburd equalised for the hosts just two minutes later .
Goals from Sam McQueen and Ryan Seager put Martin Hunter 's side 3-1 up inside the opening 25 minutes , but an own-goal from Reed meant the visitors were still in the game at the break .
Jake Hesketh restored Saints ' two-goal lead just after the restart and added his second of the night to make it 5-2 to Saints with 20 minutes still to play .
Hunter 's men comfortably saw out the remainder of the game to make it five unbeaten at the start of the campaign and jump above the Royals into top spot .
Ryan Bertrand , back in action for the first time this season after requiring surgery following the conclusion of the previous campaign , was one of three changes made by Hunter for the game at Adams Park .
Bertrand started at left-back in place of Josh Debayo , while Josh Sims started in place of Lloyd Isgrove and Seager – fresh from two goals against Leicester City last Monday – started in place of the injured Marcus Barnes .
Bertrand was into the action straight away as he slid in on Lisandro Semedo inside the first five minutes and picked up an early yellow card , but Saints would go ahead just two minutes later as they countered quickly from the resulting free-kick .
Seager , Hesketh and Reed all strode forward , with the striker opting to find the latter , who struck home brilliantly from just inside the box with the aid of the far post .
The hosts got themselves back in the game almost immediately , however , as Liburd saw his header hit the underside of the bar on its way in after Saints had failed to clear the danger from a deep cross into the box .
After Bertrand had almost scored directly from a corner , Saints regained the lead . The following set piece was cleared only as far as McQueen , who smashed the ball home for his fourth league goal of the campaign .
Three minutes later and Saints had doubled their lead . Dom Gape 's free-kick was flicked on by Seager and looped over Reading stopper Lewis Ward into the far corner .
But once again Reading responded well . A cross from Andrija Novakovich was put through his own net by Reed as he looked to try and clear the danger .
Saints quickly got themselves back on the front foot in search of a fourth goal , and went close on three occasions within a matter of minutes . After McQueen 's shot had been parried by Ward , the Reading goalkeeper then did well to tip Seager 's effort from the rebound wide of the post .
McQueen , buoyed by his earlier goal , cut inside in the 35th minute and curled a left-footed strike towards the far post . Unfortunately for the winger his effort , which had Ward scrambling , went narrowly wide .
The goals continued to flow at the start of the second half as Hesketh restored Saints ' two-goal lead . Sims ' cross was only parried as far as the diminutive midfielder , who applied the finish for his second league goal of the campaign .
Saints were defending much better in the second half , but they almost allowed the hosts a route back into the game when Liburd raced clear , but the striker could only blaze over when one-on-one with Isted .
It was n't long though before Saints had a fifth and Hesketh had his second of the night . The 19 year-old was sent clear by Seager and calmly applied the finish , rolling the ball beyond Ward .
As the game wore on the chances for both sides dried up , with Saints happy to soak up late pressure from the hosts to extend their unbeaten run to five games and move top of the table .
Reading Under-21s : Lewis Ward , Sean Long , Dominic Hyam , Pierce Sweeney ( c ) , Shane Griffin , Lisandro Semedo ( Andy Rinomhota 68 ) , Conor Shaughnessy , Liam Kelly , Tariqe Fosu , Rowan Liburd , Andrija Novakovich . Unused substitutes : Luke Southwood ( GK ) , Nano Owusu , Samuel Fridjonsson , Noor Husin .
Goals : Rowan Liburd ( 9 ) , Harrison Reed ( O.G . 26 )
Southampton Under-21s : Harry Isted , Bevis Mugabi , Jason McCarthy , Will Wood , Ryan Bertrand ( Josh Debayo 46 ) , Dominic Gape ( c ) , Harrison Reed , Jake Hesketh , Sam McQueen ( Lloyd Isgrove 89 ) , Josh Sims , Ryan Seager ( Olufela Olomola 87 ) . Unused substitutes : Harry Lewis ( GK ) , Armani Little .
Goals : Harrison Reed ( 7 ) , Sam McQueen ( 21 ) , Ryan Seager ( 24 ) , Jake Hesketh ( 46 , 69 )
Booked : Ryan Bertrand ( 5 ) , Josh Debayo ( 53 )
The Islamic State has already attracted an angry response from China after it executed a Chinese captive last week . Now the militant group , known as IS or ISIS , could rile Beijing again , this time by recognizing Taiwan as an independent nation .
In its latest propaganda video , ISIS lists the flags of countries it says are part of a global coalition against it . Among This is the Taiwanese flag . All the other flags are of sovereign nations .
Taiwan 's Central News Agency linked ISIS 's sudden recognition of Taiwan to a statement made by U.S. President Barack Obama at an Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) summit in Malaysia last week . Obama said that Taiwan was one of the Asia-Pacific countries in a coalition against ISIS .
The Hong Kong Standard reported that SWAT teams were patrolling the Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport on Thursday after video prompted the Taiwanese government to step up security measures . Meanwhile , President Ma Ying-jeou urged the public not to panic .
Here is a screenshot from the video , which was posted on Wednesday .
A Japanese tourist at the Taj Mahal has died after falling down the stairs while taking a selfie . The incident brings new attention to a disturbing trend . ( Photo : iStock )
By Billie Cohen
The selfie nabs one more victim . A Japanese tourist has died after attempting to take a self-portrait at the Taj Mahal 's Royal Gate . The 66-year-old man fell down the stairs and suffered head injuries , losing consciousness and leading to his death . One of his friends also fractured a leg in the fall .
It 's a sad story , and what 's even sadder is that it 's not the only one . As if you needed additional proof that people need to be much more aware of their surroundings and much less focused on themselves : In May of this year , a 21-year-old accidentally shot herself while posing with a gun in Moscow ( she lived ) ; and in August , a man was gored while attempting to snap himself during a bull running in Spain ( he died ) .
Related : They Did What ? Travel Selfies Gone Terribly Wrong
It 's gotten so bad in Russia , where kids have been electrocuted while trying to take selfies on top of train cars , the government has launched a public-service campaign to warn young people about locations where it might not be so smart to take a photo ( including on top of houses , next to oncoming trains , and in the company of wild animals ) .
Presciently , before this latest incident , CondeNastTraveler.com had noticed that more lives in 2015 had been lost to selfie mishaps than to shark attacks . Mashable went a step further in putting this so-tragic-it's-tragic trend into perspective , creating a handy infographic . In the article , reporter Cailey Rizzo notes that four of those selfie deaths were the result of falls .
View photos
Selfies have killed more people than sharks this year . ( Illustration : Mashable )
Related : GoPro Helmet Cam Records Death of Two BASE Jumpers
The safety concern has led to the banning of selfie sticks at numerous tourist attractions around the world , including museums , music festivals , zoos , Pamplona 's Running of the Bulls , even Comic-Con and Disney parks .
But as we 've pointed out before , you ca n't ban stupidity . Travel is awesome , people , do n't kill yourself doing it .
WATCH : Man Versus Sea : South Africa 's Shark Spotters
Join Yahoo Travel on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and Pinterest . Watch Yahoo Travel 's original series “ A Broad Abroad . ”
Russia 's armed intervention in the Crimea undoubtedly illustrates President Putin 's ruthless determination to get his way in Ukraine . But less attention has been paid to the role of the United States in interfering in Ukrainian politics and civil society . Both powers are motivated by the desire to ensure that a geostrategically pivotal country with respect to control of critical energy pipeline routes remains in their own sphere of influence .
Much has been made of the reported leak of the recording of an alleged private telephone conversation between US assistant secretary of state Victoria Nuland and US ambassador to Kiev Geoffrey Pyatt . While the focus has been on Nuland 's rude language , which has already elicited US apologies , the more important context of this language concerns the US role in liaising with Ukrainian opposition parties with a view , it seems , to manipulate the orientation of the Ukrainian government in accordance with US interests .
Rather than leaving the future of Ukrainian politics `` up to the Ukrainian people '' as claimed in official announcements , the conversation suggests active US government interference to favour certain opposition leaders :
Nuland : Good . I do n't think [ opposition leader ] Klitsch should go into the government . I do n't think it 's necessary , I do n't think it 's a good idea . Pyatt : Yeah . I guess ... in terms of him not going into the government , just let him stay out and do his political homework and stuff . I 'm just thinking in terms of sort of the process moving ahead we want to keep the moderate democrats together . The problem is going to be Tyahnybok [ Oleh Tyahnybok , the other opposition leader ] and his guys and I 'm sure that 's part of what [ President Viktor ] Yanukovych is calculating on all this . Nuland : [ Breaks in ] I think Yats is the guy who 's got the economic experience , the governing experience . He 's the ... what he needs is Klitsch and Tyahnybok on the outside . He needs to be talking to them four times a week , you know . I just think Klitsch going in ... he 's going to be at that level working for Yatseniuk , it 's just not going to work . [ ... ] Nuland : OK . He 's [ Jeff Feltman , United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs ] now gotten both [ UN official Robert ] Serry and [ UN Secretary General ] Ban Ki-moon to agree that Serry could come in Monday or Tuesday . So that would be great , I think , to help glue this thing and to have the UN help glue it and , you know , Fuck the EU . Pyatt : No , exactly . And I think we 've got to do something to make it stick together because you can be pretty sure that if it does start to gain altitude , that the Russians will be working behind the scenes to try to torpedo it .
As BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus rightly observes , the alleged conversation :
`` ... suggests that the US has very clear ideas about what the outcome should be and is striving to achieve these goals ... Washington clearly has its own game-plan .... [ with ] various officials attempting to marshal the Ukrainian opposition [ and ] efforts to get the UN to play an active role in bolstering a deal . ''
But US efforts to turn the political tide in Ukraine away from Russian influence began much earlier . In 2004 , the Bush administration had given $ 65 million to provide 'democracy training ' to opposition leaders and political activists aligned with them , including paying to bring opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko to meet US leaders and help underwrite exit polls indicating he won disputed elections .
This programme has accelerated under Obama . In a speech at the National Press Club in Washington DC last December as Ukraine 's Maidan Square clashes escalated , Nuland confirmed that the US had invested in total `` over $ 5 billion '' to `` ensure a secure and prosperous and democratic Ukraine '' - she specifically congratulated the `` Euromaidan '' movement .
So it would be naive to assume that this magnitude of US support to organisations politically aligned with the Ukrainian opposition played no role in fostering the pro-Euro-Atlantic movement that has ultimately culminated in Russian-backed President Yanukovych 's departure .
Indeed , at her 2013 speech , Nuland added :
`` Today , there are senior officials in the Ukrainian government , in the business community , as well as in the opposition , civil society , and religious community , who believe in this democratic and European future for their country . And they 've been working hard to move their country and their president in the right direction . ''
What direction might that be ? A glimpse of an answer was provided over a decade ago by Professor R. Craig Nation , Director of Russian and Eurasian Studies at the US Army War College 's Strategic Studies Institute , in a NATO publication :
`` Ukraine is increasingly perceived to be critically situated in the emerging battle to dominate energy transport corridors linking the oil and natural gas reserves of the Caspian basin to European markets ... Considerable competition has already emerged over the construction of pipelines . Whether Ukraine will provide alternative routes helping to diversify access , as the West would prefer , or 'find itself forced to play the role of a Russian subsidiary , ' remains to be seen . ''
A more recent US State Department-sponsored report notes that `` Ukraine 's strategic location between the main energy producers ( Russia and the Caspian Sea area ) and consumers in the Eurasian region , its large transit network , and its available underground gas storage capacities '' , make the country `` a potentially crucial player in European energy transit '' - a position that will `` grow as Western European demands for Russian and Caspian gas and oil continue to increase . ''
Ukraine 's overwhelming dependence on Russian energy imports , however , has had `` negative implications for US strategy in the region , '' in particular the strategy of :
`` ... supporting multiple pipeline routes on the East–West axis as a way of helping promote a more pluralistic system in the region as an alternative to continued Russian hegemony . ''
But Russia 's Gazprom , controlling almost a fifth of the world 's gas reserves , supplies more than half of Ukraine 's , and about 30 % of Europe 's gas annually . Just one month before Nuland 's speech at the National Press Club , Ukraine signed a $ 10 billion shale gas deal with US energy giant Chevron `` that the ex-Soviet nation hopes could end its energy dependence on Russia by 2020 . '' The agreement would allow `` Chevron to explore the Olesky deposit in western Ukraine that Kiev estimates can hold 2.98 trillion cubic meters of gas . '' Similar deals had been struck already with Shell and ExxonMobil .
The move coincided with Ukraine 's efforts to `` cement closer relations with the European Union at Russia 's expense '' , through a prospective trade deal that would be a step closer to Ukraine 's ambitions to achieve EU integration . But Yanukovych 's decision to abandon the EU agreement in favour of Putin 's sudden offer of a 30 % cheaper gas bill and a $ 15 billion aid package provoked the protests .
To be sure , the violent rioting was triggered by frustration with Yanukovych 's rejection of the EU deal , along with rocketing energy , food and other consumer bills , linked to Ukraine 's domestic gas woes and abject dependence on Russia . Police brutality to suppress what began as peaceful demonstrations was the last straw .
But while Russia 's imperial aggression is clearly a central factor , the US effort to rollback Russia 's sphere of influence in Ukraine by other means in pursuit of its own geopolitical and strategic interests raises awkward questions . As the pipeline map demonstrates , US oil and gas majors like Chevron and Exxon are increasingly encroaching on Gazprom 's regional monopoly , undermining Russia 's energy hegemony over Europe .
Ukraine is caught hapless in the midst of this accelerating struggle to dominate Eurasia 's energy corridors in the last decades of the age of fossil fuels .
For those who are pondering whether we face the prospect of a New Cold War , a better question might be - did the Cold War ever really end ?
Dr Nafeez Ahmed is a executive director of the Institute for Policy Research & Development and author of A User 's Guide to the Crisis of Civilisation : And How to Save It among other books . Follow him on Twitter @ nafeezahmed
Terminator 2 : Judgment Day celebrated its 25th anniversary this summer . Initially , James Cameron was hoping to celebrate the occasion around this time of year with a 3D re-release of the film . For unspecified reasons , there was a bit of a delay , but we 'll see the 3D conversion sometime next year .
Below , check out the Terminator 2 3D poster .
Back in 2014 , Cameron first expressed interest in making a 3D version of Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . He felt the gritty aesthetic of the first movie would n't play well in 3D , and that its “ polished ” sequel 's “ timeless appeal ” would benefit more from a conversation . Converting the original film , too , would 've cost more than its production budget .
A 3D conversion costs around seven million dollars , which , Cameron figured , is a low enough sum of money to make a 3D version of Terminator 2 : Judgment Day viable . On the sequel 's Facebook page , a poster for the 3D re-release was unveiled :
August 29th 1997 : The day Skynet first became self aware .
August 29th 2016 : The day you first saw the brand-new poster for Terminator 2 in 3D . Coming to theaters in 2017 .
The text above was the only comment in the post about the release , which is partly happening because of China . James Cameron is collaborating with Studiocanal and DMG Entertainment on the project , and DMG has a Chinese branch . They 're all working with the China Film Group on the project . In fact , the original plan was even to have the global premiere in China , where the sequel never played in theaters .
As James Cameron explained , the audience in China alone justified the cost of the conversion :
If there was someone who was interested in doing that , and we could make a good case for the business model like , perhaps let 's say , it 's never been on screens in China which in the next few years is about to become the biggest market for films worldwide . That alone might justify the cost of a conversion which might be 6 or 7 million dollars . And then a 3D re-release might attract some eyeballs in North American and Europe and then the Chinese release , which would be the first release on the big screen , might pay for it . I 'm just using that as an example . I 'm just saying we 're not ruling it out . We 're looking at it .
Cameron added , “ if you 've never seen it , this 'll be the version you want to see and remember. ” DMG Entertainment and Studiocanal are supervising and producing the conversion , and for the digitally remastered 3D re-release , they 're using some of the newest and best technology available from StereoD , the company that worked on Avatar , Jurassic Park 3D , and Titanic in 3D .
Terminator 2 : Judgment Day 3D opens in theaters in 2017 .
Show full PR text
HP Pre3 Introduces the New Look of Business for the 24-hour Life
Bigger and better touchscreen , more processing power and all-new keyboard deliver professional productivity and personal connectivity
PALO ALTO , Calif. , Feb. 9 , 2011
For professionals who require powerful mobile productivity with an eye on personal connectivity , HP today announced the versatile HP Pre3 smartphone running HP webOS .
With a large 3.58-inch touchscreen , fast 1.4-GHz processor and a full slide-out keyboard , Pre3 is a multitasking professional workhorse that 's perfectly balanced for speed and serious fun .
Pre3 is one of the products HP announced today to introduce a unique experience for customers around connected mobility . It 's one of the building blocks in HP 's vision to seamlessly connect all your worlds through the power of HP webOS .
`` In the suite of webOS products we 're introducing today , Pre3 is our premier phone , designed for the speed of business , '' said Jon Rubinstein , senior vice president and general manager , Palm Global Business Unit , HP . `` It enables professionals to accomplish more of their important workday tasks while easily keeping their fingers on the pulse of their personal lives . ''
Pre3 is the ideal smartphone for multitasking professionals who rely on advanced messaging and voice capabilities to stay connected with all aspects of their busy lives . ( 1 ) With a slim design and high-capacity battery , ( 2 ) it is comfortable to carry and use all day . The phone 's fast performance and large , high-resolution display accentuate the unique webOS experience for both professional and personal use .
The portrait layout enables optimal readability for email , attachments and web , and the new vertical slide-out keyboard – the widest and largest keyboard on any webOS phone to date – helps ensure quick and comfortable error-free typing . It 's ideal for heavy email and messaging needs , web browsing , enjoying multimedia and for staying in touch with business and social circles . ( 1,3 )
For professionals who demand more than productivity
With an array of features that are critical for professionals balancing work and personal use – including the speed of 3G and Wi-Fi , ( 1 ) a comfortable keyboard for typing and a large vivid touchscreen – Pre3 offers the best of both worlds on the powerful HP webOS platform :
Business-class email – Pre3 offers business-class email and encrypted data storage to protect critical information and supports industry-standard VPN to connect to corporate networks . You can read and write email with ease , view your email accounts together or easily toggle between them . ( 1,3 )
More ways to connect – With the HP Synergy feature , you just have to sign in to your Facebook® , Google , Microsoft® Exchange , LinkedIn and Yahoo ! ® accounts . Your information – email , contacts , calendars – automatically populates your phone and stays updated so it 's always at your fingertips . ( 3 ) Integrated messaging conveniently combines all your text messages , picture messages and IM conversations with one person into a single view , and you can connect through SMS , MMS , Google Talk , AIM and Yahoo ! Messenger .
The whole web – Pre3 's high-performance web browser offers support for HTML5 features and Adobe® Flash® Player 10.1 beta for access to rich , Flash-based web content on the phone 's big , vivid display . ( 1 )
Video calling – Pre3 has a front-facing camera , a great speaker and noise cancellation for a state-of-the-art video calling experience . ( 1,4 )
True Multitasking – webOS works the way you do . Begin an email , pause to answer a call , check your calendar , send a text , then switch back to your email without closing anything . Pre3 lets you easily manage multiple open applications and notifications using natural touch gestures . Whether you 're planning a meeting or a night on the town , webOS keeps related items together so managing multiple tasks is easy . ( 5 )
Just Type – Start an email , create a message , update your status and search your favorite websites – all before you 've even opened an app . Because webOS works the way you do , whenever you want to do something on your Pre3 – whether it 's emailing , texting , searching or almost anything – just type .
Quickoffice Connect Mobile Suite – HP is working with Quickoffice to include the Quickoffice Connect Mobile Suite , which offers support for viewing Microsoft Office Word and Excel and provides integration with a variety of services , including Google Docs and Box.net .
Touch-to-share – With HP 's new and exclusive touch-to-share feature , you 'll be able to simply tap your Pre3 phone to the new HP TouchPad to share web addresses between devices . ( 6 )
GPS – Get where you need to be with built-in GPS on Pre3 . Apps such as Fandango and OpenTable work with GPS to pinpoint your exact location , get directions , find nearby places of interest and provide turn-by-turn directions . ( 7 )
Apps to keep you connected – The webOS App Catalog features thousands of apps for fast and easy access to all the things you need to keep your day moving , such as weather , news , hotel and restaurant reviews and reservations , flight info and games . ( 8 ) Mobile social networking apps such as Facebook and Twitter allow you to stay connected throughout your hectic day and update your status and upload pictures in real time .
HP mobile hotspot – Pre3 also supports the HP mobile hotspot , enabling your phone to act as a mobile Wi-Fi router so you can share wireless internet connectivity with up to five Wi-Fi-enabled devices , including the new HP TouchPad , as well as notebooks , gaming devices and portable media players . ( 9 )
Pre3 is compatible out of the box with HP Touchstone ( sold separately ) . The webOS Exhibition feature lets you run apps designed specifically for HP Touchstone – showing you anything from today 's agenda to a slideshow of your photos – turning charge time into useful time . ( 10 )
Pre3 is one of three webOS products announced today ( see separate announcements for HP Veer and HP TouchPad ) . Each product plays a distinct role in the growing webOS family , designed to meet the varying needs of customers in a rapidly evolving mobile landscape .
Availability
The HP Pre3 smartphone is scheduled to be available in the summer . Exact pricing and availability will be announced at a later date .
HP Pre3 features and specs
HP webOS
High-speed connectivity ( 1 )
Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8x55 1.4-GHz processor
3.58-inch multitouch screen with a vibrant , 24-bit color , 480 x 800 resolution display
Gesture area , which enables simple , intuitive gestures for navigation
Redesigned vertical slide-out QWERTY keyboard with backlight
8 or 16 gigabytes ( GB ) of internal storage ( 11 )
High-performance browser with full access to the web , including support for Adobe Flash Player 10.1 beta for access to rich , Flash-based web content ( 1 )
Wireless connectivity :
Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n with WPA , WPA2 , WEP , 802.1X authentication ( 1 )
Integrated GPS ( and A-GPS ) ( 7 )
Bluetooth® wireless technology 2.1 + EDR with A2DP stereo Bluetooth support
Wi-Fi router functionality for up to five devices using HP mobile hotspot ( 9 )
Multimedia options , including music , photos , video recording and playback , a 5-megapixel autofocus camera with LED flash and a 3.5 mm stereo headset jack
Rear-facing autofocus camera with flash , HD camcorder ( capable up to 720p video recording )
Front-facing VGA fixed-focus camera for live video calling ( 4 )
Email , including EAS ( for access to corporate Microsoft Exchange servers ) and personal email support ( Google Gmail push , Yahoo ! , POP3 , IMAP ) ( 3 )
Robust messaging support ( combining IM , SMS and MMS capabilities ) ( 12 )
Proximity sensor , light sensor , accelerometer and compass
Removable , rechargeable 1,230 mAh battery
USB mass storage mode to transfer media and other files quickly between desktop and device
Ringer switch , which easily silences the ringer with one touch
Compatible with HP Touchstone ( sold separately )
Dimensions : 111 mm x 64 mm x 16 mm ( 4.37 inches x 2.52 inches x .63 inches )
Weight : 156 grams ( 5.5 ounces )
More information about HP Pre3 is available at www.palm.com/Pre3 .
About HP
HP creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people , businesses , governments and society . The world 's largest technology company , HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing , personal computing , software , services and IT infrastructure to solve customer problems . More information about HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) is available at http : //www.hp.com/ .
( 1 ) Within wireless coverage area only . Actual speeds may vary . Email , mobile number and related information required for setup and activation . Required data services sold separately ; unlimited plan recommended and may be required . Not all web content may be available .
( 2 ) Talk , standby and usage times are approximate and depend on the network configuration , the usage pattern of an individual user and the configuration of the handheld . Use of some internal wireless capabilities and backlight will significantly decrease battery run time .
( 3 ) Within wireless coverage area only . Microsoft Exchange email , contacts and calendars available for ActiveSync only ; requires Microsoft Outlook using Exchange Server 2003 with SP2 , Exchange Server 2007 or Exchange Server 2010 .
( 4 ) Check with carrier for video calling availability and restrictions .
( 5 ) Performance varies bases on actual usage .
( 6 ) Requires TouchPad with webOS 3.0 and Pre3 or Veer with webOS 2.2 or higher , both products having same HP webOS Account . Viewing URL web page content requires data connection via Wi-Fi or cellular connection .
( 7 ) Within wireless coverage area only . Voice-activated , as-you-go , turn-by-turn directions sold separately .
( 8 ) Third-party software available separately . Within wireless coverage area only . Requires data services at additional cost . Availability will vary by region .
( 9 ) The mobile hotspot application requires a special data plan and is separate from the smartphone data feature . While HP mobile hotspot is active , on-device applications will continue to work and will use the same data plan as the mobile hotspot . Mobile hotspot data usage may incur additional charges . Check with carrier for plan details .
( 10 ) Displayed preferences require user setup .
( 11 ) 8 GB or 16 GB maximum storage . User-available memory subject to change based on system software and application usage .
( 12 ) Within wireless coverage area only . SMS , MMS and IM require data services at additional cost . Availability of IM functionality may vary by carrier .
Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated . Microsoft is a trademark of the Microsoft group of companies . Bluetooth is a trademark owned by its proprietor and used by Hewlett-Packard Company under license . Facebook is a registered trademark of Facebook , Inc. Google is a trademark of Google , Inc. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn Corporation in the United States and/or other countries . Yahoo ! is a trademark of Yahoo ! Inc .
This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks , uncertainties and assumptions . If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect , the results of HP and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions . All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements , including but not limited to statements of the plans , strategies and objectives of management for future operations ; any statements concerning expected development , performance , features , available applications or market share relating to products and services ; any statements regarding anticipated operational and financial results ; any statements of expectation or belief ; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing . Risks , uncertainties and assumptions include macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events ; the competitive pressures faced by HP 's businesses ; the development and transition of new products and services ( and the enhancement of existing products and services ) to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends ; the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its customers , suppliers and partners ; the achievement of expected operational and financial results ; and other risks that are described in HP 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including but not limited to HP 's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31 , 2010 . HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements .
© 2011 Hewlett-Packard Development Company , L.P . The information contained herein is subject to change without notice . The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services . Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty . HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein .
MLG Dallas 2011 has been an event complete with great games and significant issues on all fronts . Mixed feelings about the issues are permeating through an otherwise happy crowd while the audience at home is , for the most part , decidedly less pleased with the event .
Most notably , the online stream for MLG Dallas 2011 has been prone to major issues throughout , provoking anger and annoyance from the community , particularly those who paid for a high quality stream but received considerably less than they 'd expected in the way of actual promised content .
In a statement , Major League Gaming blamed the issues on a streaming audience that was `` More than twice the number of people we expected , from 128 countries , have tuned in to watch the Dallas event , '' wrote MLG officials . `` We were simply under prepared for the epic traffic . ''
Although they denied calls for refunds , MLG has announced that anyone who purchased a HQ stream for Dallas will receive a free HQ stream for the next MLG stop in Columbus , Ohio this coming June .
To add to MLG 's problems , chronic lag issues have plagued Battle.net all day , making many games difficult to play and nearly unbearable to watch . The crowd at the event grew annoyed while the audience at home watched JP McDaniel and DjWheat skillfully kill time by taking questions from Twitter and bringing in major StarCraft personalities for on screen interviews .
Live audiences have mostly had to struggle to hear the casting of Day9 , DjWheat and JP McDaniel . Ever since the first game ( Idra vs Socke ) , the casters ' volume has been turned down to a whisper in the building due to concerns that the players can clearly hear what they are saying .
A MLG employee did say that he heard talk of booths being brought in for the next event but everyone within earshot expressed skepticism at the promise . After all , this is not MLG 's first StarCraft event nor is it their first issue with sound . The question is , why has it taken so long to seriously consider booths as an option ? It is by far the best way to play StarCraft in a live setting .
Nevertheless , the event rolls on . Almost everyone in the Dallas Convention Center is happy and excited to be here even with the major issues . The pleasure of meeting and watching your favorite players has overridden most all of the negativity from the various struggles of MLG .
Whether the paying home audience ends up content depends entirely on the quality of streaming provided by MLG for the rest of the weekend . Reports already indicate that the quality is vastly improved over day 1 .
It 's not too often you hear about Ferrari 599 Accidents on Georgetown Pike , but that 's exactly what happened on Georgetown Pike in McLean , Virginia in the early morning hours ( around 8:00AM ) on Saturday , April 15th , 2016 . The maroon Ferrari 599 was apparently driving in a way that allowed it to clip another vehicle and rear end an 18 wheeler hauling a large excavator . Some reported that speed was a factor , but as of right now , that 's only speculation . The pictures are quite amazing and rumor has it that the driver ( the Ferrari owner 's father ) and the passenger ( the vehicle 's owner ) made it out with minor scratches – a vast improvement from the initially reports that neither made it out alive .
Pictures of the Ferrari 599 Accident Georgetown Pike
Caught on camera by FindCarMeets Facebook Fan Rudy Salgado who said “ It had just happened when I got there . He lost control at high speeds and slammed into the back of an 18 wheeler. ” Georgetown Pike was closed for hours following the accident with motorists being instructed to make U-turns and find alternate routes to Great Falls . Interesting to note that the airbags were n't deployed in this accident… but these pictures are nothing short of amazing .
The vehicle was later seen being towed down 495 .
As of April 18th , it seems like the vehicle 's occupants are being reported as safe and sound with amazingly only minor injuries .
And if you wan na grab your popcorn and see the endless back and forth that took place on our Facebook page , here ya go…
Update : Larry Bowles found the police report on the Fairfax County Police Department reports website .
“ RECKLESS DRIVING : Georgetown Pike/Towlston Road , 04/16/16 , around 8:15 a.m. Police responded to a four-vehicle crash and charged one driver with reckless driving . An investigation determined a 65-year-old man was driving a 2007 Ferrari westbound on Georgetown Pike near Towlston Road . The driver crested a hill and discovered traffic stopped ahead for a vehicle waiting to make a left turn onto Towlston Road . The driver , attempting to avoid a rear-end collision , crossed over the double yellow line and collided head-on with a 2005 Acura RSX , driven by a 57-year-old Leesburg-area man ; the Acura left the roadway and came to rest against a utility pole . The Ferrari continued forward and struck a 2008 BMW sedan in the westbound lane , driven by a 28-year-old Alexandria-area man , then struck the rear of an International Harvester TT flatbed unit that was towing a large construction vehicle , also in the westbound lane , driven by a 42-year-old man , of Fairfield , Pa .
The passenger in the Ferrari , a 36-year-old man , and the driver and passenger of the Acura , a 57-year-old man and woman , were transported to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . No one else required medical attention . The driver of the Ferrari , Josef Tosovsky , 65 , of Washington , D.C. , was issued a summons for reckless driving . ”
This article is over 3 years old
Vincente David Montano , 29 , is named as man who went into Mad Max screening brandishing pepper spray , ax , pellet gun and mock bomb
The man shot dead by police after wielding pepper spray , an ax , a pellet gun and a fake bomb in a suburban Nashville movie theater has been named as Vincente David Montano , a 29-year-old with a history of mental health issues .
Montano was pronounced dead outside the back door of the theater in Antioch where people had been watching Mad Max : Fury Road on Wednesday .
Three people were treated afterwards for exposure to pepper spray , including a 58-year-old man who also had a superficial wound to his shoulder , likely from the ax , said Brian Haas of the Nashville fire department . None of the victims were taken to hospital .
Montano had a device in a backpack that was supposed to look like a bomb and police detonated it as a precaution after he was killed .
The gun he was carrying looked like a real firearm but was an airsoft pistol , Nashville police said . The replica pistols fire plastic or aluminum pellets .
Police spokesman Dan Aaron told the Nashville Tennessean that Montano had been committed for mental health care four times , in 2004 and 2007 , and arrested on an assault charge in 2004 . He was reported as a missing person on Monday .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Amy Schumer launches gun control push after Lafayette theater shooting .
Aaron said police officers at an accident scene nearby quickly responded to the reports of a gunman at the theater . One entered the theater and was shot at by Montano . The officer returned fire and waited for backup .
Montano was eventually shot dead by a Swat team as he came out a back door , Aaron said .
The violence at the Carmike Hickory 8 complex comes about two weeks after a 59-year-old man opened fire inside a movie theater in Lafayette , Louisiana , fatally shooting two before killing himself . Meanwhile jurors in Colorado were deciding whether James Holmes , who killed 12 and injured 70 others during a theater shooting in 2012 , should receive the death penalty .
Reuters and the Associated Press contributed to this report
FISA court renews NSA spying program
By Tom Carter
23 July 2013
On Friday , the Obama administration announced that it had sought—and the secret FISA court had granted—a renewed authorization for the NSA spying program that compels US telecommunications companies to turn over their telephone records in bulk .
“ Consistent with his prior declassification decision and in light of the significant and continuing public interest in the telephony metadata collection program , the DNI [ Director of National Intelligence ] has decided to declassify and disclose publicly that the Government filed an application with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court seeking renewal of the authority to collect telephony metadata in bulk , and that the Court renewed that authority , ” the Obama administration press release stated .
In other words , the Obama administration is disclosing the reauthorization this time , but it reserves for itself the power to conceal the program 's continued existence from the public in the future at its own discretion . The particular NSA program that was the subject of Friday 's press release apparently requires “ renewal ” every 90 days in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) , also known as the FISA court after the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that created it .
Contrary to the press release 's characterization of recent events , the Obama administration did not voluntarily “ declassify ” the NSA program 's existence . Instead , the administration made at best a number of preemptive disclosures designed to soften the impact of ongoing revelations by NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden . Meanwhile , notwithstanding the “ public interest , ” the United States is presently waging a desperate international campaign to capture or silence the 30-year-old former employee of Booz Allen Hamilton .
Snowden 's disclosures , among many other things , have highlighted the extent to which in recent years the FISA court has quietly assumed a vastly more significant role in the state apparatus . Within this shadow judiciary , a body of secret law is being promulgated , including secret interpretations of the Constitution , pursuant to which secret rulings are issued purportedly granting legal authority for an array of secret programs and activities . ( See “ Secret laws , secret government ” )
Orders and decisions issued by this secret court purport to authorize the Obama administration to gather up and store the private data of hundreds of millions of individuals around the globe , including telephone calls , SMS messages , internet browsing activity , emails , Facebook activity , photos , videos , and more .
The FISA court is a “ court ” in name only . A person targeted for surveillance has no right to appear in the courtroom and contest the government 's allegations . The court 's proceedings are kept entirely secret and its records are considered “ classified. ” There is no right to appeal or to challenge the court 's rulings—except for the government .
The FISA court 's secret proceedings are always ex parte , meaning that only one side—the government side—is represented . The targeted person 's position is argued by an empty chair .
The FISA court issues warrants without any notice or public record of its rulings . Targeted individuals have no way of knowing that they have been targeted . It is authorized to issue “ gag orders ” against individuals who accidentally become aware that that they have been targeted . These orders prohibit a targeted person from telling anyone else about the activities of the intelligence agencies or of the FISA court .
According to recent statistics , the FISA court has issued 33,942 warrants since the court began operating in 1979 . It has denied the government 's request only 11 times . In other words , the government 's requests in this court are granted approximately 99.997 percent of the time and denied 0.003 percent of the time .
Although constituted as a “ court , ” the FISA court was actually physically located for many years in the federal Department of Justice building , which houses part of the executive branch .
The FISA court was established following the Senate Church Commission hearings in the late 1970s . These hearings uncovered a vast array of criminal activities on the part of the US intelligence agencies , including warrantless spying and murder . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 created the FISA court as an ostensible judicial check on the future activities of the intelligence agencies .
The court consists of 11 judges appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court . Over recent decades , it has been stacked with former prosecutors and other figures closely aligned with the federal law enforcement and intelligence apparatus .
As early as June 2000 , the Bush administration began conducting surveillance without even bothering to request authorization from the FISA court . This brazenly illegal spying was the subject of a New York Times exposure in December 2005 . In 2008 , by a bipartisan majority , Congress passed the “ FISA Amendments Act of 2008. ” These amendments , which emerged from secret closed-door meetings , retroactively approved the Bush administration 's illegal wiretaps and vastly expanded the government 's surveillance powers .
Other expansions of the surveillance powers of the government and of the FISA court were included in the PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Protect America Act of 2007 .
As constituted in 1978 , and in its vastly expanded form today , the secret FISA court is entirely unconstitutional . The Fourth Amendment to the Bill of Rights asserts , “ The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
The requirement that the government obtain a warrant before conducting a search and seizure—and the requirement that the warrant be specific—reflected overwhelming hostility at the time of the American Revolution to the colonial authorities ' practice of issuing “ general warrants. ” General warrants were blank checks for colonial officers to invade homes and carry out arbitrary searches and arrests .
The 1776 Virginia Declaration of Rights , expressly prohibits general warrants : “ That general warrants , whereby any officer or messenger may be commanded to search suspected places without evidence of a fact committed , or to seize any person or persons not named , or whose offense is not particularly described and supported by evidence , are grievous and oppressive and ought not to be granted . ”
In the recent period the FISA court has shifted from issuing specific surveillance warrants to issuing general authorizations for entire surveillance programs . In other words , instead of issuing a warrant for the government to spy on a particular person for a particular period of time in a particular way , the FISA court is granting general authorizations for the government , for example , to access wholesale the records of telecommunications companies .
Retired U.S. District Judge James Robertson testified before a federal oversight board that , under the 2008 FISA amendments , the court “ has turned into something like an administrative agency , ” referring to the authorizations the court hands down for entire spying programs . “ What FISA does is not adjudication , but approval , ” Robertson said .
The FISA court now functions as a pseudo-legal mechanism pursuant to which the government can circumvent the entire system of constitutional and democratic rights and legal precedents established over a period of the last two and a half centuries . It exists as a separate , shadow judicial branch—one commentator described it as a “ parallel Supreme Court ” —with a key role in the framework of an emerging American police state .
In light of recent revelations regarding the FISA court , it is worth recalling that the New York Times and sections of the political establishment have repeatedly called for the establishment of a FISA-type court that would have the power to authorize assassinations .
In one such article , dated May 3 , 2011 , the New York Times argued “ that a decision to kill an American citizen should have judicial review , perhaps by a special court like the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , which authorizes eavesdropping on Americans ' communications . ”
In other words , the Times is in favor of the establishment of secret courts with the power to issue death warrants . In these secret death courts , as in the FISA court , all of the basic legal protections in the Bill of Rights and later Civil War amendments would be ignored . There would be no due process , no equal protection of the law , no right to an attorney , no opportunity to present a defense , no right to confront one 's accusers , no jury , no presumption of innocence , no proof beyond a reasonable doubt , and no right even to know about the charges . The death warrants could be directed against individual citizens or perhaps against entire organizations or political parties .
The secret FISA court system constitutes a menace of major proportions to the American and world public . Its trajectory further demonstrates the impossibility of imposing any reforms on the American military-intelligence complex .
Terrified of the possible emergence of mass opposition to its policies of plunder , war , and austerity , the capitalist class is deliberately building a police state . This regime can not be reformed . It can be abolished and democratic rights secured only through the independent political intervention of the working class .
Welcome to the start of our coverage of Stern 's next game - Big Buck Hunter Pro .
Today we bring you the following reports :
Click here - for the first pictures of the game
Click here - for first pictures from the test location
Click here - for more pictures from the test location
Click here - for Stern Pinball 's press release about the game
Click here - for part one of our in-depth review of Big Buck Hunter Pro
click here - for the print/low bandwidth version with smaller images
Click here - for part two of our in-depth review of Big Buck Hunter Pro
click here - for the print/low bandwidth version with smaller images
Our coverage of Big Buck Hunter Pro is now complete .
Back to the games page
Back to the front page
© Pinball News 2010
Record highs set Wednesday . Open circles indicate records were tied , circles with an x indicate records were broken . ( National Climatic Data Center )
Since Sunday , an amazing 943 new record highs have been broken or tied across the U.S. compared to just 9 record lows
On Wednesday alone , an incredible 400 new record highs were were broken ( 307 ) or tied ( 93 ) . Record heat spanned from Florida to Montana .
Here 's a selection of new record highs set Wednesday :
Tampa , FL : 87
St. Louis , MO : 86
Topeka , KS : 84
Louisville , KY : 82
Evansville , IN : 82
Chicago , IL : 81
Des Moines , IA : 81
Traverse City , MI : 81
Myrtle Beach , SC : 79
Madison , WI : 78
Atlantic City , NJ : 77
Minneapolis , MN : 73
Green Bay , WI : 73
New York , NY ( Kennedy ) : 72
Duluth , MN : 64
Some of the most impressive heat relative to normal has occurred in the Midwest .
In Chicago , the high of 81 - four degrees above the old daily record of 77 - was 35 degrees above normal . The only 81 degree reading to occur earlier than Wednesday since 1871 occurred on March 12 , 1990 . The Windy City 's average temperature in March is 11 degrees above normal thus far . ( Source : Capital Climate )
Minneapolis broke its record high Wednesday by 9 degrees , hitting 73 . Meteorologist Paul Douglas of the Star Tribune predicts “ 5 more record-breaking , 70-degree-plus days are likely between [ today ] and next Tuesday. ” Minneapolis ' average temperature in March is running 8 degree above normal to date .
Traverse City 's record high of 81 was a jaw-dropping 42 degrees above average , and four degrees warmer than any previous day so early in the year since 1897 ( when records began , source : Jeff Masters )
What 's the cause of this remarkable heat ?
NOAA 's Climate Prediction Center forecasts very high chances of above normal temperature in the eastern two-third of the U.S. continuing through March 20-24 in its 6-10 day outlook . ( NOAA )
This veritable heat wave is part of a large , continental-scale , transfer of warmth from the subtropical Pacific to the Lower 48 . High altitude winds have recently begun to blow maritime air over the States in a way that has created a bubble of warm air near the surface capable of sending temperatures as much as 30°F above climatology at its core .
Wunderground 's Jeff Masters added the following Wednesday , noting the unusual nature of this warm pattern - going nowhere fast ( bold indicates emphasis added ) :
The weather system responsible is a large upper-level ridge of high pressure that is “ stuck ” in place -- a phenomenon known as a “ blocking pattern. ” The jet stream is bending far to the south over the Western U.S. , then bending far to the north over the Rockies and into Canada , and lies far to the north of the eastern U.S . Since the jet stream acts as the boundary between cold air to the north and warm air to the south , the current looping pattern is bringing colder than normal temperatures and snow to the mountains of the West , and summer-like warmth to the Eastern U.S . It is common for the jet stream to get stuck in a blocking pattern for a period of a week or more in summer , but not in March . If the current model forecasts prove correct , a high pressure ridge over the U.S. bringing heat this intense and long-lasting in March will be unprecedented in the historical record , going back to 1872 .
Is the heat related to global warming ?
At Climate Central , Andrew Freedman put this current stretch of extraordinary warm weather into a broader context :
In a long-term trend that has been linked to global climate change , daily record-high temperatures have recently been outpacing daily record-lows by an average of 2-to-1 , and this imbalance is expected to grow as the climate continues to warm . According to a 2009 study , if the climate were not warming , this ratio would be expected to be even .
Consider - too - the baseball and steroid analogy I used to describe how global warming stacks the deck for more record warm weather :
Just as homerun numbers got an artificial boost in the 1990s , warm weather statistics are inflated today . In the U.S. , over the last 12 months [ spanning February 2011 to January 2012 ] , daily warm weather records outpaced cold weather records by a factor of more than two * ( 60,024 warm weather records compared to 22,474 cold weather records ) . In Virginia and Maryland , the last 12 months ( spanning February 2011-January 2012 ) were the warmest on record . Washington , D.C. 's last two Julys were the hottest two on record .
The backdrop for these warm weather records is an atmosphere that 's bulking up . Levels of carbon dioxide and methane ( two key greenhouse gases ) are higher than they 've been in at least 800,000 years , and global temperatures over the last decade are unsurpassed in the modern climate record . All 11 years of the 21st century rank among the 13 warmest globally since 1880 according to NOAA .
Jason Tovey debut and starts at 10
Mike Coman wins 50th cap
Replacement scrum half Sam Hidalgo-Clyne currently on 298 pts
There are four changes to the starting XV that edged Dragons at Rodney Parade on Sunday , to take on Zebre at BT Murrayfield on Friday ( 1 April , kick-off 7.35pm ) .
On-loan stand-off Jason Tovey , who arrived at the club last week , will start in the 10 jersey with Phil Burleigh moving to inside centre . Moving up from the bench , Sean Kennedy starts in the number 9 jersey .
Blair Kinghorn , who kicked off last week 's win with a long-range penalty , remains at fullback while Damien Hoyland and Tom Brown again occupy the wing berths .
Meanwhile there 's just one change in the pack with Mike Coman returning to lead the team on to blindside , earning his 50th cap for the club in the process .
Packing down in the front row again are Alasdair Dickinson , Ross Ford and WP Nel , with Anton Bresler and Ben Toolis making up the second row . Try scorer against Dragons Hamish Watson remains at openside and Cornell Du Preez runs out once more in the number 8 shirt .
There are three changes to the bench , with the return of Allan Dell and Will Helu , and Sam Hidalgo-Clyne , who is within two points of kicking 300pts for the club , moving to the replacements .
The capital side currently sits in seventh spot in the table with four matches remaining in the league . Last year at BT Murrayfield Edinburgh overcame Zebre 37-0 , five tries from McInally , Fife , Ford and Grant ( 2 ) . The last time the two sides met , at Stadio Sergio Lanfranchi in October 2015 , the outcome was reversed as Zebre won 19-11 .
Head coach Alan Solomons said :
“ Every game is absolutely vital for us and it is imperative that we deliver on Friday night . ”
Friday 's fixture is crucial to the impact on the club 's aim to make the top six of the Guinness PRO12 and a place in the top tier of European competition next season .
Tickets can be purchased online , via phone on 0131 346 5180 and in person from the Ticket Centre in Roseburn Street .
Players not considered due to injury : Jack Cuthbert ( knee ) , Grant Gilchrist ( arm ) , John Hardie ( neck/groin ) , Nasi Manu ( neck ) , Fraser McKenzie ( neck ) , Jamie Ritchie ( hamstring ) , Matt Scott ( arm ) , Andries Strauss ( knee/ankle ) , Jade Te Rure ( knee ) .
Edinburgh Rugby v Zebre , Friday 1 April , kick-off 7.35pm , BT Murrayfield
15 KINGHORN Blair
14 HOYLAND Damien
13 ALLEN Michael
12 BURLEIGH Phillip
11 BROWN Toms
10 TOVEY Jason
9 KENNEDY Sean
1 DICKINSON Alasdair
2 FORD Ross
3 NEL WP
4 BRESLER Anton
5 TOOLIS Ben
6 COMAN Michael ( C )
7 WATSON Hamish
8 DU PREEZ Cornell
Substitutes
16 MCINALLY Stuart
17 DELL Allan
18 ANDRESS John
19 TOOLIS Alex
20 BRADBURY Magnus
21 HIDALGO-CLYNE Sam
22 DEAN Chris
23 HELU Will
Reid holds out on endorsing Clinton
When Hillary Clinton meets with Senate Democrats on Tuesday , there will be one especially prominent lawmaker in the room who has yet to endorse her : Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid .
The Nevada Democrat declined to explicitly endorse the former secretary of during an interview with Nevada public radio station KNPR on Monday , though Reid strongly suggested that he would soon . Clinton is visiting House and Senate Democrats on Tuesday in what 's likely to be a circus-like atmosphere on Capitol Hill .
Story Continued Below
“ I 'm really a Clinton fan . But right now I 've not endorsed anyone . I 'm going to an event for Hillary in a few days , but I 'm going to do my endorsement later , ” Reid said . Asked when he will do so , Reid replied : “ It should n't be too much longer . ”
Citing his official neutrality in the 2008 primary between Clinton and Barack Obama until June 2008 , a Democratic source said Reid has not endorsed yet “ out of respect to his other friends. ” That 's a marked contrast from the rest of Senate Democratic leadership , who are vocally backing Clinton at this stage in the presidential election .
“ I have endorsed Hillary and I think she 's going to be a great president , ” said Sen. Patty Murray ( D-Wash. ) , No . 4 in leadership , in an interview last week .
In the Monday radio interview , Reid heaped praise on Clinton , former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) , who Reid called a “ progressive guy and that 's an understatement . ”
“ You know there are a few other candidates . Got a very fine governor from Massach — Maryland , O'Malley who 's been in Nevada lots of times , ” Reid said . Sanders is “ one of the nicest people I have in the Senate Democratic Caucus and I like him a lot . But anyway I 'm more of a Clinton fan at this stage . ”
Reid also predicted that a Democrat is likely to win the White House , but he did n't explicitly say it would be Clinton .
“ We 'll pick up enough seats to retake the [ Democratic ] majority and then I think the odds are , with all the infighting with the Republicans as to whether they like Trump more than they like Bush , I think that we should have a Democratic president , ” Reid said .
A new bulletin board in a residence hall at Bucknell University is warning students to “ T.H.I.N.K ” before they speak .
https : //twitter.com/tciccotta/status/807639185570070529
The bulletin board , which went viral on Twitter after I shared a photo of it on December 10 , features the words “ Think Before U Speak. ” It asks students consider if their words are “ true , helpful , inspiring , necessary , ” and “ kind. ” It suggests that students should refrain from speaking if their words do n't meet all five of the criteria .
The tweet sparked a sizable online debate about coddling and thought policing on college campuses . Several users suggested that they had seen the content of the bulletin board in elementary schools . Other users suggested that the sentiment was entirely appropriate for a college-aged audience , and that it 's never a bad to be reminded to act and speak with a certain level of decorum and decency .
https : //twitter.com/redefinedright/status/807693173921370112
There is a difference between Political correctness run amok – and basic manners , which this promotes . Return to civility is A-OK — zdogg8 ( @ zdogg8 ) December 14 , 2016
Although it is unlikely that this bulletin board is a direct attempt by Bucknell 's residential advisors to police speech , it is possible that the board is a manifestation of the hypersensitivity and coddling culture that has only been exacerbated by the results of November 's presidential election .
On a college campus , the pressure to speak only when a student knows that his words are undeniably true will lead to the demise of the type of true intellectual inquiry that leads us to new and exciting ideas . It 's important that we stay steadfast in the fight to return American universities to a place where falsehoods and mistakes are just steps on the path to new and important discoveries .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
You are probably surrounded by more computers than you know what to do with , whether it 's the phone in your pocket , the old clunker at home , or the sleek little ultraportable you got from work . And while they are more than enough for everyday tasks , when it comes to real graphics prowess , I 'm talking about serious gaming , 3D design , or photo/video editing , most systems do n't have the guts—or the space to accommodate the kind of silicon you 'd need to push pixels around .
Home EntertainmentGaming Breakaway Puck Home EntertainmentGaming Breakaway Puck Price Starts at $ 450 What is it ? An external box that houses a GPU and connects to your computer . Like Relatively simple setup Do n't Like Could be cheaper , no additional USB ports
Advertisement
So as a workaround , some companies resorted to putting graphics cards in their own little boxes and then tethering them to computer using a number of different cords . Unfortunately , those solutions are usually complicated and often quite pricey . However , with the increasing availability of Thunderbolt 3 , that idea of adding graphics power via an external housing got a lot less daunting .
That 's because Thunderbolt 3 is a multi-purpose transfer standard that can send up to 40 gigabits per second of data and 100 watts of power through a single USB Type-C port . That 's more than enough bandwidth to push video to multiple 4K displays while still carrying enough juice to keep your notebook brimming with power . Now this does n't do much for phones , but almost every single flagship ultraportable laptop has at least one Thunderbolt 3 port , while Apple 's new 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pros have no fewer than two .
But back to the topic at hand : external GPU enslcosures or eGPUs . Right now , mainstream choices include products like the Alienware Graphics Amplifier , Razer Core V2 , or Asus ROG XG Station 2 . But Alienware 's graphic amp uses a proprietary cable that only works with other Alienware notebooks , while the Razer Core and Asus XG Station 2 cost $ 500 or more just for the box , which means you 're going to have to shell out at least another $ 150 or so for a GPU worth putting inside .
Advertisement
But if you dig a little deeper , there are smaller manufacturers like Sonnet that have been crafting eGPUs for years , but without the hype you get from bigger computer brands . And just last week , Sonnet released a more affordable external graphics box starting at $ 450 with an AMD RX 560 GPU or $ 600 with a RX 570 . Now I know what you 're thinking : These things still are n't that cheap , and you 're not wrong . But for a single package that can completely change the performance of your system , at least we 're moving in the right direction .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Setup is relatively simple too . All you have to is plug in the eGPU using the included short , but still serviceable 1-foot USB-C cord . From there , PCs running Windows 10 should automatically detect Sonnet 's Breakaway Puck so just select the option enabling the device , while also choosing the “ always connect ” setting to ensure your system wo n't revert to onboard graphics in case you turn off your machine or it goes to sleep .
Advertisement
Finally , download the graphics drivers for the eGPU you are using ( which in our case was the AMD RX 560 model ) , and then restart your computer when it 's done installing . You can then either choose to hook up an external monitor using one of the three DisplayPorts or the lone HDMI connection on the back of the puck , or stick with the display built-into your laptop or all-in-one . As a bonus , Sonnet even includes a standard VESA mounting bracket , so people can hide the Puck behind a freestanding display .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Once you got your battle station setup just the way you want , go ahead and fire up your games . In our tests , the numbers speak for themselves . On a brand new Dell XPS 13 with an 8th-gen Intel Core i7 CPU and 8GB of RAM ( but weak integrated graphics ) , Sonnet 's graphics puck boosted frame rates in both Rise of the Tomb Raider and Civilization 6 from unplayable slideshow territory and transformed it into a legit gaming machine . And it was the same story for a ThinkPad T470 . Even though it had an Nvidia 940m GPU and 16GB of RAM , it still could n't get anywhere close to 30 fps without help .
Advertisement
The only real hassle I ran into was that Civ 6 did n't automatically detect the eGPU , which meant I had to fiddle with the graphics settings and relaunch the game several times until it did . Rise on the Tomb Raider , on the other hand , had no trouble recognizing the eGPU , so it seems like ease of use will vary from game to game . I should also mention that while setting up the XPS 13 , I got several system alerts saying that the eGPU might not work properly , but aside from one crash while installing the AMD graphics drivers , I did n't run into any more complications .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
That said , there are still some things I wish Sonnet 's eGPU did a bit better . Since you already have to plug the Puck into your computer , it would be nice if Sonnet had included some additional USB ports . The eGPU already sends up to 60 watts of power via Thunderbolt 3 , which is enough to power most small and mid-sized laptops , and it would be nice if you could connect a mouse and keyboard too and use the Puck as a dock too . I also found the the Puck 's fan noise a bit distracting at times . When it spins up , you 're definitely going to notice ( unless you 're wearing headphones ) , and because the included USB-C cord is so short , it 's not like you can stash the Puck somewhere more out of the way .
But perhaps the real takeaway is that despite being generally easy to use and offering a significant boost in graphics performance , even Sonnet 's most affordable eGPUs still does n't feel that cheap . You can buy a regular AMD RX 560 GPU with 4GB of vRAM for around $ 130 or less , which means that the box the puck comes is costs about $ 300 , twice the price of the GPU that 's inside . Still , the kind of bump in performance Sonnet 's Puck provides is sweet , if a bit niche . It could revive an aging all-in-one or turn your boring work computer into something that can play real games on nights and weekends too . And based on the numbers we got , it seems like those CPUs still had even more to give , which might work better with one Sonnet 's more capable GPU enclosures . But like products from Razer , Asus , and others , that extra performance does n't come cheap .
README
Requires a Windows 10 PC with a Thunderbolt 3 port .
Mac support requires High Sierra and is still a work in progress . Not all Macs with Thunderbolt work with AMD 's beta drivers yet either .
The GPU enclosure features three DisplayPorts and one HDMI connection , but no additional USB ports .
You must connect the eGPU and install graphics drivers before you can connect external displays . Games may require some tweaking too before recognizing the eGPU .
Comes with either an AMD RX 560 for $ 450 or RX 570 GPU for $ 600 .
Protests against Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson 's exclusion from tonight 's Commander in Chief forum — hosted by Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America ( IAVA ) and broadcast on NBC and MSNBC — were sparsely attended and confined to a small area on the sidewalk across from the six lanes of traffic on Manhattan 's West Side Highway separating them from the site of the forum , the USS Intrepid .
As I 've noted previously here at Reason , a substantial online protest over the lack of an invitation to Johnson to appear at the same forum as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump has apparently led to a second IAVA/NBC forum which will feature Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein . But those protests did n't manifest themselves into a substantial physical presence tonight in New York , with only about 20 Gary Johnson supporters appearing along the West Side Highway . Of those Johnson supporters , only one self-identified as a military veteran .
That veteran , Nicholas B , Mejia , who served in Afghanistan as a member of the Marine Corps and is now a student at George Mason University , says he has a `` surprising '' number of friends who are still active duty Marines and quietly support Johnson for president , but do n't go public with their politics on social media because of restrictions imposed on active duty servicepeople . He says , `` I 'm voting for Gary Johnson because I want the pro-peace candidate to have his voice heard , '' adding that he and many `` young and idealistic '' people joined up after `` buying into all the war propaganda after 9/11 , '' but became `` disenfranchised '' after realizing `` that [ the war ] had nothing to do with what we thought it had to do with . ''
Mejia , who is not an IAVA member , says he felt the invitation for Johnson and Stein to appear at a second forum was meant to `` appease '' the veterans who have been vocal in their online protest , but that `` we did n't want to settle for anything less than having him on the main stage with everybody . ''
Later , I visited IAVA 's midtown Manhattan offices , where a viewing party was being held . Organizers made it a point to repeatedly stress to its members that they could talk to the press in attendance if they wanted to , but to make it plainly clear they were speaking for themselves and not for IAVA , which is a registered `` nonprofit , nonpartisan organization and does not endorse political candidates of any party , '' according to its website .
But a few of the approximately sixty veterans in attendance were willing to go on the record with their opinions about the candidates .
Jim , a Manhattan-based Vietnam veteran and former TV news producer , says he thinks `` Trump is a total asshole '' who is both `` unpatriotic '' and `` uses vets as stage props . '' But that does n't mean he has much faith in Clinton , who he says is `` more fit than Trump '' to be Commander in Chief , but that both candidates are `` weak on questions of understanding complicated on the ground situations in the third world . ''
Of Gary Johnson , Jim says `` I respect him , he 's a smart guy , '' but he 's not sure who he 'll vote for , just that he wo n't vote for Trump .
Tim Hardin , who served five tours of duty in the Army in both Iraq and Afghanistan from 2003 to 2013 and is now a student at Long Island University-Brooklyn , says `` politically I have some libertarian views , '' but that he has been leaning further left recently , particularly over what he feels is the lack of a sufficient libertarian response to climate change . He says that this time last year , Rand Paul was his `` preferred candidate '' and that he still wishes the Kentucky Republican senator had gained more traction in the primaries .
Hardin says neither Trump nor Clinton `` satisfied me from a non-interventionist position , '' adding , `` neither of the candidates is going to inspire me or bring me over to sympathize with them . '' He also says he 's tired of the lip service paid to veterans over benefits and health care , and stressed that the best way to support the troops is `` to have a non-interventionist foreign policy before anything . ''
While he has not committed to voting for anyone , Hardin thinks `` If Gary Johnson were on that stage , it would have increased the quality . The competition would have made the competition better . It would have encouraged them to have more substantive answers . Gary Johnson would have challenged them . '' Hardin added that many people are afraid to vote for a third party candidate because they do n't think it 's `` feasible '' that one could win , but that including a candidate like Johnson in a platform with an equal footing to the two major party candidates could contribute to changing that perception .
The Government is seeking extra productivity and work-practice changes from the State 's civil and public servants in return for a new pay deal .
Briefing trades unions on the opening day of talks , Government negotiators signalled that public service management would be looking again to outsource some State services to private operators . The demand has been made before by the Government , but it was effectively ruled out under the existing Lansdowne Road deal after opposition from union leaders .
Management now favours Saturday working for some civil and public servants used to a Monday/Friday routine , but also wants to review premium payments given to those who currently work on Saturdays .
And in a shake-up of existing rules , the State side wants to reform clock-in rules up to and including the introduction of fingerprinting and iris biometric scans .
Reforms of rostering arrangements were also proposed to ensure staff would be available to meet demands .
Management also wants to introduce “ alternative methods of employment ” in the public service , including apprenticeships , internships , clinical placements , job-activation initiatives and work-experience placements .
It sees full open recruitment to all grades in the public service , and a standardised pay cycle which would see all grades paid fortnightly in arrears .
Public service management also proposed increasing the existing 45km limit for redeployment of staff to 60km .
Limited resources
At the opening of the talks Government representatives warned there would be very limited resources available next year to finance pay rises for 300,000 State employees .
Government representatives also signalled that the rise in public service staff numbers – which has been increasing at a rate of 3 per cent per year – “ will need to be controlled in order to facilitate any sustainable increase in pay ” .
“ Of the additional €600 million in current expenditure outlined in Budget 2017 , only €200million remains unallocated due to the carryover of impact of Budget 2017 measures – such as the full-year cost of social welfare rate increases – [ which ] uses €400 million in current expenditure . ”
The Government briefing said pay would be competing for resources with other priorities such as childcare and social welfare .
“ EU obligations limit the room for manoeuvre with regards new expenditure measures . After the carryover impact of Budget 2017measures is accounted for there is under €200 million available for new current expenditure measures in 2018 . ”
However , the level of resources available to the Government may increase further in later years . A briefing provided by the Department of Finance indicated that the Government would have fiscal space of €3.6 billion between now and 2021 , with about €1 billion available each year in 2019 , 2020 and 2021 .
Outsourcing
The public service talks will resume on Tuesday , and will deal with issues including outsourcing , standardisation of pay cycles , rostering and time and attendance changes .
Speaking prior to the start of the talks , Bernard Harbor of the Impact union said unions wanted to secure the fastest possible unwinding of the public service pension levy and austerity-imposed pay cuts .
“ We also want to preserve the value of pensions that is on the Government 's agenda for these talks , ” he said , although he believed an agreement could be reached .
“ My gut instinct is that both sides want to see an agreement in place . The difficulty is whether we can get the terms they can take to Cabinet to get the blessing of Cabinet and we can take to our members in ballots that have a prospect of being accepted . ”
The president of the Garda Representative Association ( GRA ) , Ciaran O'Neill , said his members wanted full pay restoration . His members would not be in favour of any move towards making public servants such as gardaí – who have faster accruing pensions – pay higher contributions .
He said GRA would not support a separation from general public service pension arrangements .
Ed Byrne , president of the second level teachers ' union ASTI , said he hoped the new talks would address satisfactorily the issue of new entrants ' pay .
BOULDER — Kara Goucher places the bronze medal she won at the 2007 track and field world championships on her kitchen counter , the shiny prize fascinating her 6-year-old son , Colt . When he grabs it for a better look , she asks him to put it down because he is munching on popcorn after gymnastics practice .
“ I might have to send that back , ” cautions Kara , a two-time Olympian and anti-doping whistle-blower who will be inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday at the Denver Athletic Club . “ I would hate to send that back and say , ‘ I literally opened that box three times since I won it and my son was eating popcorn and got it all greased up . ' ”
She probably will be sending it back soon for an upgrade to silver because last week the Turkish runner who finished second in that 10,000-meter race , Elvan Abeylegesse , was found guilty of doping and her results were expunged . That means Goucher officially finished second that day in Japan 10 years ago , but she wo n't get the $ 40,000 difference in prize money between second and third place , or the $ 60,000 difference in sponsorship bonus . Abeylegesse stole that from her by using Stanozolol , a banned steroid .
“ Do you know how different my career would have been if I had finished second ? Winning bronze was huge for me , but had I been second and within two seconds of ( gold medalist Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia ) , I would have been like , ‘ I can win . ' It would have set the rest of my career totally differently . ”
Justice usually comes slowly in doping cases , if at all , and no one knows that better than Kara and her husband , Adam . In 2013 the Gouchers reported wrongdoing by their former coach , Alberto Salazar of the Nike Oregon Project , to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in Colorado Springs . Two years later , they spoke out against him in a devastating BBC documentary . The USADA investigation is ongoing .
“ We have a lot of hope , ” Kara says . “ We 've had other reporters write articles that the investigation is dead . We know for a fact that 's not true . ”
Has telling the truth set them free ?
“ Unburdening myself helped me tremendously , ” says Kara , who trained in Oregon under Salazar from 2004-11 . “ It was dragging me down . I get harassed by a lot by people , but I do n't care . I know the truth , and I know I never lied . ”
There has been blowback . Salazar , who won the New York City Marathon three times in the early 1980s and has coached Olympic medalists , denies every allegation of wrongdoing . And he has a lot of fans .
“ They can try to ruin my character , ” says Kara , 38 . “ That has been tried — ( saying ) that I 'm old , that I 'm bitter , that I 'm jealous . But my life is actually really awesome . I have to thank Adam for a lot of it . I am not a person that is confrontational . He was like , ‘ You can do this . ' ”
Like Kara , Adam ran for the University of Colorado , where they met . Adam has been outspoken about cheaters since he turned pro and ran at the 2000 Olympics .
“ There 's so many people out there that are such die-hard fans , and they just wo n't believe the truth , ” Adam says of Salazar 's defenders . “ Because of that , they look at it as a complete betrayal of someone they worship , and they 're going to go after the people that are hurting him . ”
It was hard for Kara to turn in Salazar for his methods , though , and not just because of the risk . When she says he was a “ like a father figure , ” there is added poignancy because her father was killed by a drunken driver when she was 4 . Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher , a well-known American long distance runner , is photographed after an easy run on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post This is a copy of a photograph of Kara Goucher holding the American flag after winning the bronze medal in the 10,000 meter runs at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher , left , her husband Adam , right , and their 6 year old son Colt are photographed with their dog Freya at their home on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher , a well-known American long distance runner , does an easy run on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher straightens framed magazine covers of herself at her home on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion . Goucher graced the cover of Runner 's World 9 different times .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher spends time with her 6 year old son Colt at their home on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher , middle , and her husband Adam , left , spend time with their 6 year old son Colt at their home on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Kara Goucher , a well-known American long distance runner , is photographed after an easy run on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Helen H. Richardson , The Denver Post Photographs of Kara Goucher winning the bronze medal in the 10,000 meter runs at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan sit next to her bronze medal at her home on March 3 , 2017 near Boulder . Kara Goucher is being inducted into the Colorado Running Hall of Fame on Wednesday April 5 . This is for her outstanding achievements as a runner but also for the service she and her husband , Adam , did for the sport for blowing the whistle on coach Alberto Salazar , accusing him of doping . They reported him to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which is investigating the allegations . an American long-distance runner . Goucher was the 10,000 meters bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka , Japan and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She competed collegiately for the University of Colorado and was a three-time NCAA champion .
Kara categorically states she never used performance-enhancing drugs despite what she says went on around her .
“ I understand why people question it , ” she says . “ But the moment USADA asked for my medical records , I signed them over and I let them examine them with a fine-toothed comb . I sleep really well at night . ”
Kara acknowledges her first four years with the Salazar group brought about “ the rebirth ” of her career . In addition to her world championships medal , which marked a turning point for American distance running , she placed third at the New York City Marathon in 2008 . Six months later she was third at the Boston Marathon .
But after giving birth to Colt in 2010 , Kara says , Salazar gave her a thyroid medication called Cytomel to help her lose weight . She says she never took it , but she told USADA about it .
“ I think I justified staying as long as I did because I have those good memories , ” Kara says . “ It just got to the point where , ‘ I really just ca n't be surrounded by this anymore . ' ”
Allegations against Salazar continue to mount . In February , the London Sunday Times published information about him from a USADA report leaked by Russian hackers . One of Salazar 's star athletes is Mo Farah , a British runner and four-time Olympic champion .
“ USADA can confirm that it has prepared a report in response to a subpoena from a state medical licensing body regarding care given by a physician to athletes associated with the Nike Oregon Project , ” USADA spokesman Ryan Madden wrote in a statement . “ It appears that a draft of this report was leaked to the Sunday Times by the Russian state-affiliated hacker group known as Fancy Bears . We understand that the licensing body is still deciding its case , and as we continue to investigate whether anti-doping rules were broken , no further comment will be made at this time . ”
The Gouchers have not been implicated . In fact , USADA chief executive Travis Tygart — the man who brought down Lance Armstrong — considers them heroes . Related Articles April 4 , 2017 Career timeline of Kara and Adam Goucher
February 13 , 2016 Kara Goucher goes off on former coach Alberto Salazar
June 3 , 2015 Kara Goucher left Nike Oregon Project because Alberto Salazar ignored anti-doping rules , she says
November 21 , 2014 Adam Goucher 's arrival at CU pivotal moment for cross-country program
“ It takes a tremendous amount of courage to take a stand for clean sport , and all those who value fair play should be extremely grateful for the contributions Kara and Adam have made to the fight against doping , ” Tygart said last week . “ They are an inspiration for clean athletes ' rights everywhere . ”
While they await the outcome of Tygart 's investigation , clean athletes thank the Gouchers for their stand .
“ There is a fear of speaking out : Will you lose your contract ? Will you be labeled a diva athlete ? ” Kara says . “ I do feel a lot of support . I sometimes wish it could be more public , because I feel like the more people speak up , the more chance we have to make real change . ”
The Gouchers moved back to Colorado in 2014 . Adam retired as a runner in 2011 , but Kara continues to compete . She just missed making the Olympic team last year , finishing fourth in the marathon selection trials .
“ I love running so much , ” Kara says . “ It 's the greatest gift I 've had in my life . This has been a tougher battle than a lot of battles I faced . I do n't want people to think I 'm angry and I hate the sport , because I love it . I just want to do my part in helping it be better . ”
As a semi-casual Civ player I immediately felt at home playing Civilization 6 at a recent hands-on event in Los Angeles . It 's Civ . It feels like Civ and plays like Civ . For the 60 turns we were given to play , I had little trouble jumping right in and getting busy building my typical poorly-planned empire , exploring the map , stomping barbarians , and of course completely pissing off the other AI leaders I met .
As familiar playing Civ 6 felt , some changes were immediately evident , beginning with the change that drew a lot of attention a few weeks ago when we got our first look at some screenshots and a trailer : the art style . Not all of the attention was positive . Many Civ faithfuls were turned off by the bright colors , the mildly cartoony style , and the clean and somewhat sanitized visuals .
Civilization 6 's Senior Producer Dennis Shirk , speaking to PC Gamer 's Phil Savage , said the negative response to the new art style did n't surprise him . `` When you play 500 to a thousand hours of a game like Civ 5 , when you do an overhaul like we did , it 's going to be startling no matter what because it 's a game people really love to play . And when they see just plain screenshots without motion , without UI , without everything else that goes into it , without the context of why we did it , I can understand why there 's consternation . ''
Urban sprawl
This new style , we were told , was directly related to some of the new gameplay changes . Adding districts to the cities and Wonders taking up their own tiles meant the map needed to be easier to read , even when players zoom all the way out .
You recognize exactly what 's on the map , where it is , and what its primary function is
`` In the previous games , everything is vertical , everything 's in the city , ” Shirk said . “ We did n't have to represent anything on the map except improvements so you did n't need a whole lot of feedback to look at a farm and know it 's a farm or a mine . But when you take all of the buildings out of the cities , so you 've twelve districts , each district has three to four buildings [ and ] you have to have it readable out of the map ... we do n't want people to have to sit there all the time going on a tooltip clickfest , or have special UI on all the time that says what 's in each one . So , we 've modeled out every single building , we themed everything to stylized colors , stylized shapes , so when you have a campus down you see the blue roof on the library , the blue roof on the university , on the research lab , you see the magenta color in the amphitheater and everything .
“ So even when you 're walking by another city , or you 're invading , you do n't have to , again , roll over anything . It does n't matter if you 're zoomed out , you recognize exactly what 's on the map , where it is , and what its primary function is without even having to mouse over it . ''
While the new art style can be a bit jarring , it 's not really an entirely new look . Shirk told us the designers combed through past Civ games to sample the elements they liked and combine them , lifting the the color palette from Civilization Revolution , the iconic style of Civ 4 , some of the detail from Civ 5 . “ We took all of those things to create basically the look that we have now . ”
The fog lifts
While I 'm not personally in love with the new art style , I did find the map easy to read : the tiles felt distinct , the units were easy to identify , and I rarely had to do anything beside simply look at something to know what it was . And there 's one major improvement : the traditional fog of war is no more . It 's always been my least favorite visual component of strategy games : covering a beautiful , sprawling , detailed map in dull gray clouds or dark fog . While it serves the obvious purpose of hiding the things you should n't be able to see , I 've always found it a real bummer to stare at for most of the game . That 's thankfully gone now , hopefully forever , as Civ 6 replaces the fog with something that looks more like a layer of parchment paper , which dissolved beautifully as I explored new tiles and reformed itself as behind me as I moved on . It 's an immensely pleasing visual and a welcome change to an ugly and dull vision-limiting cloudbank .
Pretty as it was , I wanted to banish as much of this improved fog as I could during my session , so I focused on ship-building to quickly travel the waterways and I created scouts to tramp in every direction over land . I also wanted to build as much as I could , so I created builders , which have replaced workers from the earlier games . Unlike workers , builders have a limited number of uses before they vanish , at which point you 'll have to generate new ones , but they can improve tiles instantly rather than having to wait a few turns .
I was also able to try out the feature that allows you to embed support units with other units . While I was out pushing my fleets to explore the glacier-choked waters far to the south of the map and stomping out enemy camps with my warriors , I 'd neglected to leave anyone to defend my city against barbarians , and several groups of them crossed my borders and began burning my farms unchallenged . I quickly whipped up another retinue of warriors to slap the invaders down , and fearful of my builders being attacked later , I embedded a warrior in their midst as an escort .
I had hoped to get a taste of combat beyond the small skirmishes against barbarian camps , but unfortunately by the time I finally met Teddy Roosevelt in a small town called The United States , I did n't have enough turns left in the demo to really mix it up—despite declaring a “ surprise ” war on him just a few minutes after making his acquaintance . That is probably a good thing—he is no one to trifle with—and all I got to do was watch a single unit of The Rough Rider 's forces stomp my crude little band into tatters . I think barbarians , at that stage , were a bit more my speed , but I would have liked to have seen how conquering a city works with the new district system in place .
Culture Wars
Culture players will have a better time of things in Civ 6 . Traditionally , a culture victory is challenging if you find yourself parked next to a science-minded and militaristic civilization . You just ca n't keep up with their tech or armies , and you 're somewhat at their mercy if they decided to conquer you . Civ 6 will give you some new ways to combat that situation .
`` You 're not going to be able to keep up with other people in terms of them getting tanks first , ” Shirk said of culture-based players , “ but because you 've got this humongous range of possible policies to put into your amazing , wide-slotted government , you 're going to cut your unit maintenance in half , you 're going to be able to produce humans faster , you 're going to be able to do all these things to counter that militaristic push . Aside from all the other benefits you get from policies , because he 's not going to be nearly as deep in the policy tree to have those benefits . So , this is more along the lines of—this gives the builder that equal footing . ''
There 's a whole different level if you want to play that aggressive religion-versus-religion game .
Players who love to build , we were told , can also experience a bit more freedom and worry less about grouchy citizens in far flung , less-than-optimal locations .
`` One thing I think is the best for people who love to min-max , is as a culture player you no longer have to worry about that small [ city ] . With local happiness you can go as wide as you want . You can build that crappy little city up in the tundra just to get that iron , and they 're going to be kind of unhappy , they 're going to be displeased , but you can do that because it 's not going to affect your entire empire , it 's just going to be that city that 's unhappy . ''
Keep the faith
I did n't muck about with religion during my session , but Shirk said there 's a more robust system in place for those who want to use a faith-based approach to conquest . The foundation seen in Gods and Kings is present , but has been expanded upon .
“ Aside from custom cathedrals , meeting houses , etc . that you can put into your holy site now based on a belief , you can also have powers , ” said Shirk . “ For example , being able to purchase theater districts or commercial hubs with faith alone . You 're going to have religious combat now , you 're going to have inquisitions , you can have inquisitors , apostles , there 's a whole different level if you want to play that aggressive religion-versus-religion game . ”
Spy games
Espionage will be present throughout the game , and grow more complex and important as you play . The information gathering begins at the lowest levels , with traders setting up a trade route and bringing back not just goods but a little gossip and a few tidbits of information about the city they 've visited . You can follow up the trader with a delegation , and then a proper spy as you attempt to uncover the randomly determined hidden agenda of the AI leaders , which they have alongside their historical agendas .
`` Eventually you 'll be hearing gossip about everything he 's doing as an AI routine in his civilization . You 've got great relations , but that 's not stopping you from spying on your allies to make sure you 're getting all the information . ''
I enjoyed my brief time with Civ 6 and I 'm looking forward to more . I 'm especially keen to see how the game 's changes work past turn 60 . Like I said , it feels very familiar , even for someone like me who has n't played hundreds of hours of Civ in the past .
That 's the idea , though , as Shirk explained . “ There 's no reason to upset the applecart . People really enjoy what they 're playing . So , the big things we want to do , to change it up , we do n't want to do it at the lowest level . There 's no reason to do it . 4x is going to be 4x , we want to keep what makes that feel good . ”
Eldo Kim , the 20-year-old Harvard University sophomore accused of emailing a bomb threat that cleared out Harvard Yard on Monday , had been “ analyzing partisan taunting ” and chronicling the school 's drug and arts scene .
As a scribe for The Harvard Independent , a weekly student newspaper on the Ivy League campus , Kim focused on eclectic features .
Some of Kim 's articles included a Q & A with a campus pot user , an esoteric piece on the merger of science and arts and an interview with a campus violinist .
Of Picasso , Kim wrote : “ I am absolutely positive that Pablo Picasso was dropping acid when he drew the Guernica . ”
Of pot , Kim wrote : “ You should know that it takes over 800 joints in one sitting to kill a person . ”
Harvard 's Institute for Quantitative Social Science lists Kim as a psychology major studying partisan taunting who is also pursuing a secondary in Japanese .
“ On campus , Eldo writes for the Harvard International Review and dances as a member of the Harvard Breakers . In his free time , he enjoys playing pool , trying new restaurants , watching terrible cult films , and playing with his Mini Schnauzer puppy , ” the department summary reads .
Kim added in his “ Musings about Mary Jane ” piece , he grew up in South Korea .
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript . Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser .
Qantas Airways will test whether first class passengers are interested in putting down their champagne glasses in favour of strapping on virtual-reality headsets to experience a unique new entertainment offering .
The headsets are fitted to Samsung Galaxy Note 4 phones loaded with three-dimensional , 360-degree content including footage of Kakadu National Park designed to help promote the Northern Territory as a tourist destination . Hollywood blockbuster movies could be loaded eventually but that is not expected during the three-month trial period .
Qantas , in partnership with Samsung , will run the trials on some of its A380 flights between Australia and Los Angeles from mid-March and in its first-class lounges in Sydney and Melbourne from mid-February .
During that period , Qantas will be monitoring customer feedback , both in the lounges and at 40,000 feet .
`` We 'll see what type of customers like or do n't like watching , '' said Olivia Wirth , Qantas 's head of brand , marketing and corporate affairs . `` We know our customers are open to different experiences . There is obviously only so much we can do with seat-back entertainment and this is the next evolution if you like of what type of entertainment you can provide. ``
She said one step to work out would be whether first class is the appropriate cabin to test out the new form of entertainment .
`` Should it be extended to business class ? And should we be rolling it out potentially to other lounges across the network ? It is a wait-and-see approach , '' Ms Wirth said . `` You get a lot of insight when you speak to people who experience it . ''
She said Qantas was interested in seeing if customers would use the headsets to watch movies on board or if they viewed the device as more of a `` short experiential opportunity '' to watch films of tourist destinations .
Qantas will provide four of the headsets on the A380s during the trial period . The first-class cabin on that plane has 14 seats .
Advertisement
Members of the public not flying first class will soon be able to purchase the Samsung Gear VR headsets , albeit not with the Qantas content .
The headsets will be on sale globally from mid-February , priced locally at $ 249 each ( not including the phone ) . An app store will have films available for purchase .
Samsung Electronics Australia chief marketing officer Arno Lenoir said while Qantas was the first-mover , other companies had also expressed interest in purchasing the devices .
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Pin to Pinterest
Link A number of Samsung Gear VR headsets will be made available to first class customers in Sydney and Melbourne . Photo : Qantas
`` There could be applications for banks creating banks of the future , '' he said .
`` There could be applications for training and development . I can film once and train many times . But more importantly , as you train you can share that experience people want to create , whether it be a customer experience or an in-house experience . ''
A new ad touting Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson 's opposition to President Obama 's nuclear deal with Iran features a photoshopped image of President Obama shaking hands with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , as well as a still from a propaganda video produced by ISIS .
The ad , which is running in the Madison , Milwaukee , and Green Bay markets , was created by Restoration PAC , a group based in Oak Brook , Illinois .
`` Some of our leaders , like Ron Johnson , understand that preventing Iran from getting the bomb is essential to our safety , '' warns the ad . `` Others , like President Obama , insist on signing a toothless agreement that makes us less safe . ''
The ad 's background images include a shot from an ISIS-produced video , footage of a smoldering World Trade Center , and an image of the president shaking hands with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani .
Obama and Rouhani have never met , however . The photograph was created from a image of Obama meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan in 2011 .
When asked for comment , Restoration PAC spokesman Dan Curry told BuzzFeed News , `` I do n't know what you 're talking about . You 're saying that 's a Photoshop — can you explain what you 're talking about ? ''
When Curry was told that Obama and Rouhani have never met , Curry said he would `` take a look at that . ''
Asked about the ad 's use of ISIS-related imagery , however , Curry said it was `` nonsensical '' that media companies can use the propaganda videos but not political campaigns .
`` So you 're saying that media companies can use ISIS , what you call propaganda imagery , but political campaigns ca n't use ISIS imagery , no matter what the message they 're trying to portray ? '' asked Curry . `` That just does n't make sense to me , it 's just nonsensical . ''
`` The point is to show ISIS as bad people , '' Curry said . `` It certainly is n't being used as propaganda for them , it 's being used as propaganda against them . ''
In a press release , Restoration PAC said that that ad was produced by `` award-winning ad-maker Rick Reed , who specializes in national security issues and whose Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ad campaign was pivotal in re-electing George W. Bush President in 2004 . '' The release also claims that `` noted message expert Frank Luntz '' also participated in the project .
WINTER PARK , Fla. - Deputies said a driver was arrested early Monday after he led them on a two-county chase , stopping to pay a highway toll along the way .
[ VIDEO : Seminole County Sheriff 's Office helicopter investigates chase ]
The Seminole County Sheriff 's Office said the driver of a blue Ford Mustang first fled from police in Sanford after an officer tried to pull the car over for a traffic violation .
A sheriff 's helicopter spotted the car a short time later heading south on State Road 417 near Lake Mary Boulevard .
While still fleeing from police , deputies said the driver of the Mustang stopped at a toll plaza , presumably paid the toll , then continued driving south on S.R . 417 .
After trying to stop the driver again , deputies used Stop Sticks to puncture the tires of the Mustang .
Deputies said the driver continued to flee as he exited at Aloma Avenue . He then drove another three miles before stopping at Ellendale Drive , where he was arrested .
The driver was treated for minor injuries after being taken into custody . Deputies said he faces charges of fleeing and eluding law enforcement .
Copyright 2014 by ClickOrlando.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Man shot to death near Occupy Oakland camp
People stop to read a Holy Bible at a memorial for a young man , murdered at the site the night before , in front of the Occupy Oakland encampment in Oakland , Calif. on Friday , Nov. 11 , 2011 . People stop to read a Holy Bible at a memorial for a young man , murdered at the site the night before , in front of the Occupy Oakland encampment in Oakland , Calif. on Friday , Nov. 11 , 2011 . Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Man shot to death near Occupy Oakland camp 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
A young man was fatally shot Thursday evening just yards from the Occupy Oakland encampment outside City Hall . And before the ambulance had even pulled away , people were debating whether the killing was somehow linked to the month-old gathering .
The man , whom several Occupy campers said they did not recognize , was shot in the head about 5 p.m. outside a BART station exit in Frank Ogawa Plaza , at 14th Street and Broadway . He was taken to Highland Hospital in Oakland , where he was pronounced dead , said interim Police Chief Howard Jordan .
Jordan - speaking to reporters over protesters who shouted , `` This is not Occupy Oakland '' - said two groups of people had gotten into a fight that ended when someone pulled out a gun and fired . Witnesses said they heard four to six shots , and saw several young men flee . No arrests have been made , and the dead man 's name has not been released .
The shooting happened in the busy heart of downtown Oakland . It also happened adjacent to the Occupy encampment , where drug use is prevalent and where devoted protesters have increasingly struggled to control fights and robberies and deal with mentally ill homeless people .
'No excuse '
City Councilman Ignacio De La Fuente , who has repeatedly called for the camp 's removal , said , `` Unfortunately , we will have no excuse for not taking action . This was escalating and was going to happen . ''
Mayor Jean Quan held a news conference late Thursday and said she wants the campers to leave the plaza voluntarily .
`` The risks are too great for having an encampment out there , '' Quan said . `` It 's time for the encampment to end . ''
But in the plaza amphitheatre , dozens of people gathered after the shooting out of concern that it would be cited as another reason to tear down the camp . One speaker , whose words were then repeated and amplified by the group , said , `` I live in Oakland , and this is a daily occurrence . ''
Later , protesters - who had planned to celebrate the camp 's one-month anniversary - instead lighted candles for the victim and settled in for a night of music and presentations . Camper Madea Williams said the shooting victim was her cousin , whom she identified only as Alex , and that he had shared a tent with her in the camp .
The motive behind the shooting remains unclear . Protester Khalid Shakur , 43 , said two men had fought Wednesday , with the loser returning Thursday with friends . Shakur said he had told the group to stay away from the businesses in the plaza , but that he soon heard the gunshots .
Victim surrounded
Nathan Stalnaker , 29 , of Oakland , said he had seen several young men surrounding the victim on the ground , kicking and punching him as he tried to shield his face from the blows . People from the camp tried to break up the fight before the gun was pulled , Stalnaker said .
Camp medics were the first on the scene , according to protesters . After the shooting , a number of people from the camp stood in a line and locked their arms , trying to keep onlookers away so Oakland firefighters could tend to the victim .
Critics of the encampment soon said the question of whether the dead man or the killers were protesters was irrelevant .
`` This camp is attracting an element that 's adding to the problem that already exists , '' said City Council President Larry Reid , one of five council members who held a news conference Wednesday to call for the camp 's removal .
But 35-year-old activist Shake Anderson said , `` What happened was the result of neighborhood violence . Do n't forget , we 're in downtown Oakland . ''
Shortly after the shooting , KGO-TV cameraman Randy Davis was punched in the back of the head by someone who objected to his filming the scene . Davis said he believed he suffered a concussion .
Problems with lighting
The plaza has been darker in recent days . Jordan said several nearby electrical breakers tripped , but many protesters believe the city turned off the lights to make the plaza less hospitable .
`` They 're going to come back on , '' Jordan said . `` We need to have better lighting here . ''
Earlier Thursday , De La Fuente said he intends to seek a no-confidence vote in Mayor Quan for her handling of the Occupy Oakland camp .
The vote would be largely symbolic , but De La Fuente said it was one of the few ways the council could apply pressure to Quan .
`` She has screwed up this situation so bad , the city is suffering the consequences , '' said De La Fuente , Quan 's most frequent critic on the council . `` There is no confidence in this mayor to take action , because she ca n't . ''
A homeless camp
The mayor said earlier Thursday that half of those in the 180-tent encampment are homeless . After Wednesday night 's Occupy general assembly , Quan said , some campers agreed they should n't remain . She did not elaborate .
Quan said `` some people are and some people are n't '' open to the idea of leaving the camp in Frank Ogawa Plaza . `` That 's going to be an ongoing dialogue . I ca n't talk much about what we 're doing . ''
News of the possible no-confidence vote came as the Oakland Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce released a poll of Oakland voters showing that 73 percent of respondents disapproved of Quan 's handling of the camp .
The chamber itself has been strongly critical of the camp , saying it is hurting business .
The telephone survey of 1,100 likely voters , taken Tuesday and Wednesday , also found that 37 percent of respondents said they were less likely to go downtown because of the camp .
The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 2.9 percentage points .
Chronicle Staff Writer Henry K. Lee contributed to this report .
The National Security Agency ( NSA ) does n't know how much information leaker Edward Snowden was able to obtain because of an underdeveloped capacity to audit its own data , according to a NBC News report released late Tuesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report says investigators trying to determine what Snowden was able to obtain , and how many more stories might still be on the way about the secretive agency , are “ overwhelmed ” in trying to assess all of Snowden 's potential security breaches .
According to the NBC report :
“ The NSA had poor data compartmentalization , said the sources , allowing Snowden , who was a system administrator , to roam freely across wide areas . By using a 'thin client ' computer he remotely accessed the NSA data from his base in Hawaii . One U.S. intelligence official said government officials 'are overwhelmed ' trying to account for what Snowden took . Another said that the NSA has a poor audit capability , which is frustrating efforts to complete a damage assessment . ”
Officials who spoke to NBC under the condition of anonymity said Snowden may be sitting on details about NSA-style programs being conducted by U.S. allies in the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and New Zealand .
Snowden downloaded the NSA documents while he was a contractor for Dell Inc. in April , 2012 , and up until this year as a contractor at Booz Allen Hamilton . The documents he obtained turned into The Guardian 's explosive reports on government surveillance , and have since been explored deeper by other media outlets .
The Russian government has granted Snowden temporary asylum . The U.S. government wants Snowden sent back to face trial on espionage charges .
The Great Wall of China The Great Wall of China
The Great Wall of China is the world 's longest wall and biggest ancient architecture . Its winding path over rugged country and steep mountains takes in some great scenery . It has a stunning array of scenery from the beaches of Qinhuangdao , to rugged mountains around Beijing , to a desert corridor between tall mountain ranges .
Chinese name : 长城 ( Chángchéng /channg-chnng/ 'Long Wall ' )
长城 ( Chángchéng /channg-chnng/ 'Long Wall ' ) Other name : 万里长城 ( Wàn-Lǐ Chángchéng /wann-lee channg-chnng/ 'Ten-Thousand-Li-Long Wall ' , i.e . 'the 5,000-Kilometer-Long Wall ' )
Here are 20 facts you should know to really appreciate the Great Wall ...
10 Great Wall Numbers You Should Know
The Great Wall at Jinshanling The Great Wall at Jinshanling
1 . The official length is 21,196.18 km ( 13,170.7 mi ) — ( 6+ dynasties ' worth )
2 . Most of today 's relics are the Ming Dynasty Great Wall : length 8,851 km ( 5,500 mi ) .
3 . The Great Wall is more than 2,300 years old .
4 . The Ming Great Wall crosses 9 provinces and municipalities : Liaoning , Hebei , Tianjin , Beijing , Inner Mongolia , Shanxi , Shaanxi , Ningxia , Gansu .
5 . Badaling is the most visited section ( 63,000,000 visitors in 2001 ) . And in the first week of May and October , the visitor flow can be up to 70,000 per day .
The Great Wall at Simatai The Great Wall at Simatai
6 . The average height of the Great Wall at Badaling and Juyong Pass is 7.88 meters , and the highest place is 14 meters high .
7 . Nearly 1/3 of the Great Wall has disappeared without trace .
8 . Since 1644 , when the Ming Dynasty was overthrown , no further work has been done on the Great Wall ( for military purposes — some has been restored for tourism ) .
9 . Great Wall reconstruction and protection began with Badaling in 1957 .
10 . In December 1987 the Great Wall was placed on the World Heritage List by UNESCO .
10 More Top Great Wall Facts
The Great Wall at Jiankou The Great Wall at Jiankou
1 . The Great Wall of China can not be seen from space by the human eye without aid .
2 . The Great Wall is not a continuous line : there are side walls , circular walls , parallel walls , and sections with no wall ( high mountains or rivers form a barrier instead ) . In the Qin Dynasty ( 221–206 BC ) , glutinous rice flour was used to bind the Great Wall bricks .
3 . The Great Wall labor force included soldiers , forcibly-recruited peasants , convicts , and POWs .
4 . The First Emperor of Qin was not the first to build the Great Wall . He linked the northern walls of the states he conquered .
5 . There most popular Great Wall legend is about Meng Jiangnv , whose husband died building the Wall . Her weeping was so bitter that a section of the Wall collapsed , revealing her husband 's bones so she could bury them .
6 . The Gubeikou Section of the Great Wall has bullet holes in it , evidence of the last battle fought at the Great Wall .
The Jiayuguan Fortress The Jiayuguan Fortress
7 . During the Cultural Revolution ( 1966–1976 ) , many Great Wall bricks were used in building homes , farms , or reservoirs .
8 . The northwestern Great Wall sections ( e.g . in Gansu and Ningxia provinces ) are likely to disappear in 20 years , due to desertification and change in human land use .
9 . The Jiankou Section of the Great Wall , known for being steep and winding , enjoys the most appearances on Great Wall picture books and post cards .
10 . The most famous section of the Great Wall — Badaling — has been visited by over 300 heads of state and VIPs from around the world . The first of which was Soviet statesman Klim Voroshilov in 1957 .
More Interesting Great Wall Topics
Visit the Great Wall With China Highlights
The Great Wall of China is a must-see attraction to all travelers to China . If you are planning a trip to the Great Wall , just tell us your interests and requirements , we will help you create your Great Wall tour .
Or you can see our most popular Great Wall tours below for inspirations :
Jose Lobaton , Stephen Strasburg and 10 knuckles . ( Photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post )
It started with conversations last season , when Stephen Strasburg asked Jordan Zimmermann and Dan Haren about they threw their slider and cutter . It evolved this offseason , when Strasburg fiddled with a grip and a release . It was unveiled Tuesday afternoon , when Strasburg rifled a slider – a new pitch for him – into Jose Lobaton 's mitt during a bullpen session .
In his fifth professional season and more than three years removed from Tommy John surgery , Strasburg has a reached a point at which he feels comfortable building off his current , considerable arsenal . Along with his fastball , curve and changeup , Strasburg is working to add a slider .
“ It 's just a work in progress , ” Strasburg said . “ It 's something that I 've been messing with . I 'm just trying to get a feel for it . I 'm not going to dump any of my other pitches . But I 'll just have something in the back pocket . ”
Pitching coach Steve McCatty compared Strasburg 's slider to Zimmermann 's changeup , the pitch Zimmermann worked to perfect for three spring trainings before it became a meaningful , effective offering last season .
“ It 's going to be something [ Strasburg ] can use to run the ball in on left-handers , ” McCatty said . “ And , in my mind , it 's a work in progress , obviously . It 's not going to be something that he uses a lot . We do n't know . We 'll see how it plays out . It looks pretty good , though . ”
“ You always want to tinker and make sure you get better , all that stuff , ” McCatty added . “ Again , we 're working on it . It could be something he uses . We 'll see how it goes . But you should always work on pitches , refining them , trying something new . Jordan got the changeup . It helped him quite a bit . ”
Strasburg first considered mixing in a slider last year . He did n't want to throw a cutter , but talking with Haren about his cutter helped him understand how to grip and finish a slider .
“ I did n't throw it last year , ” Strasburg said . “ I think my arm is more flexible , like I 'm staying behind it more . I feel like it 's something I could use to my advantage . ”
Strasburg has only thrown two bullpen sessions at spring training , so he has n't had much time to make progress on the pitch in camp . But through offseason work and early returns in camp , he can tell the difference between what works and what does n't .
“ When I try to throw it straight , it 's good , ” Strasburg said . “ When I try to make it move , it 's not so good . It 's kind of how it is . I think that will help my breaking ball , the mindset , sticking with that . I 'll have a better curveball , more consistent . ”
Despite oddities , injuries and other assorted adversity last year , Strasburg finished last year with a 3.00 ERA and 191 strikeouts over 183 innings . And now he may have a new way to attack hitters .
January 29
+ More consoles to be announced in the near future !
How to access the FRANCHISE MODE Beta
- See below for more details.Hi folks , I am very thankful for everyone who has offered me feedback , suggestions and bug reports . This honestly would n't be possible without all y'all : D As of now , the development of new content for SBH is paused while ( Xbox One is already guaranteed , others to be announced soon ! ) . This is because developing the build further while simultaneously trying to get it to work on consoles is simply not feasible . Therefore , I plan to officially release the Franchise Mode update live on Steam when the consoles ports are ready to double my marketing efforts.Also , I have enlisted the help of a 3rd party ( to be announced in the near future ) to help me through this process to ensure the ports are of high quality and meet my personal standards . After I release the console ports and the Franchise Mode update , I will assess the performance and determine the viability of future content updates.Since I have brought aboard some help with console ports , and because the nature of the process requires some downtime and waiting for things to go through , e.g . waiting for PEGI / ESRB raitings , I have begun work on my next game ( also to be announced soon : D ) . Still , SBH remains my top priority.Thanks again to everyone who has helped me get this far ! I am excited to go even further : ) Loren1 . Go to your Steam game library and find Super Blood Hockey.2 . Right-click on the game and go to `` Properties '' 3 . Click the `` Betas '' tab.4 . Enter the password:5 . Select the FranchiseModeBeta from the drop down menu . ( Note : if after entering the password the build does not appear , please restart your Steam client )
Since banning Viber , Saudi Arabia appears to have its set its sights on another popular Internet messenger smartphone application . This time it 's WhatsApp , which could be blocked in just a few weeks unless it complies with local regulations .
The country 's Communications and Information Technology Commission ( CITC ) is considering banning WhatsApp in the coming weeks , probably before Ramadan , which starts on July 9 .
SEE ALSO : In Turkey , a New Form of Protest : Standing Silently for Hours
The ban is being considered both because WhatsApp communications are allegedly harder to monitor , and because the service cuts into local telecom companies ' revenue , since it allows users to send messages over the Internet instead of the telephone networks .
`` We have been communicating with WhatsApp and other similar communication platforms to get them to cooperate and comply with the Saudi telecom providers , however nothing has come of this communication yet , '' Abdullah Al-Darrab , governor of the CITC , told Arab News . `` We will take punitive action against these applications and services if they do not comply with the regulations . ''
The CITC requested that Viber , Skype and WhatsApp set up local servers to allow for easier monitoring , but the companies have n't complied . Viber was banned at the beginning of June , and the other two services could be next in line .
`` We gave them a week to comply and have been communicating with them since March to no avail . Therefore , this has left us with no choice but to block these services , beginning with Viber , '' Al-Dabban said .
This is not the first time Saudi Arabia has blocked or has threatened to block a Western communications service . In 2010 , the CITC banned BlackBerry 's instant messaging system after the Canadian company refused to build a local server to let authorities monitor its instant messages . The company finally complied , and the ban was lifted .
Image via Hassan Ammar/AFP/Getty Images
Gabe Newell , president and co-founder of Valve Software , will become the 17th inductee into the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences ' Hall of Fame at the 2013 DICE Summit , the AIAS announced today .
Newell will also give the keynote speech at the summit 's Thursday conference .
`` Gabe 's vision for the interactive industry has created lasting effects that have completely reshaped this generation 's digital distribution model , paving the way for independent developers and creating an invaluable service for consumers , '' said AIAS president Martin Rae . `` It is a great honor to have Gabe inducted into the Academy 's Hall of Fame . ''
Epic Games president Dr. Michael Capps will present the 2013 Hall of Fame Award to Newell during the DICE Awards , formerly known as the Interactive Achievement Awards . `` Gabe is a living legend of the video games industry , and his relentless focus on customer experience has made our whole industry a better place , '' said Capps .
Previous Hall of Fame inductees include Epic Games founder Tim Sweeney ( 2011 ) and BioWare co-founders Dr. Greg Zeschuk and Dr. Ray Muzyka ( 2010 ) . The DICE Awards will be held on Feb. 7 , 2013 .
Newell co-founded Valve Software in 1996 after a 13-year tenure at Microsoft , which included work on the first two versions of Windows . Valve is renowned for its beloved franchises such as Half-Life , Counter-Strike and Portal ; its unique management structure ; and its ubiquitous digital distribution platform , Steam .
A potential college course on detecting and combating bullshit in all its forms
University of Washington profs Carl T. Bergstrom ( Biology ) and Jevin West ( Information School ) have proposed a course called `` Calling Bullshit in the Age of Big Data '' that characterizes `` the majority of administrative activity '' as `` sophisticated exercise ( s ) in the combinatorial reassembly of bullshit '' and aims to train students to `` navigate the bullshit-rich modern environment by identifying bullshit , seeing through it , and combatting it with effective analysis and argument . ''
The syllabus makes for a fascinating read in its own right . It begins with Harry Frankfurt 's classic 1986 essay `` On Bullshit '' ; moves through `` TED talks and the marketplace for upscale bullshit '' ; statistical literacy and bullshit ; a Tuftean detour through the deceptive use of infographics ; big data and publication bias ; fake scientific journals and fake news , and the `` ethics of calling bullshit . ''
The course website is basically a piece of design fiction : the course does n't exist , but the profs are hoping that by making the syllabus and readings available online , they will convince the administration to let them create it .
Our learning objectives are straightforward . After taking the course , you should be able to : *
Remain vigilant for bullshit contaminating your information diet . *
Recognize said bullshit whenever and wherever you encounter it . *
Figure out for yourself precisely why a particular bit of bullshit is bullshit . *
Provide a statistician or fellow scientist with a technical explanation of why a claim is bullshit . *
Provide your crystals-and-homeopathy aunt or casually racist uncle with an accessible and persuasive explanation of why a claim is bullshit . *
We will be astonished if these skills do not turn out to be among the most useful and most broadly applicable of those that you acquire during the course of your college education .
Calling Bullshit
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Friday touted himself as the `` most Tweeted about '' world leader at the United Nations General Assembly , retweeting a graphic that put him at the top of the list .
These are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of # UNGA General Debate pic.twitter.com/HhlOlNAkDJ — Twitter Data ( @ TwitterData ) September 20 , 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Following Trump on that list were Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , French President Emmanuel Macron , Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari .
Trump has spent much of the week meeting with other world leaders in New York , where he delivered his debut address before the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday .
Kaeley Triller in a scene from “ The Unintended Victims of Bathroom Bills and Locker Room Policies. ” Alliance Defending Freedom
Last week , the Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian legal group at the forefront of the war over trans people and bathrooms , released a video titled “ The Unintended Victims of Bathroom Bills and Locker Room Policies. ” It features several female victims of rape and sexual abuse who say they are deeply shaken by the idea of sharing bathrooms or changing areas with people who have penises . “ This has such devastating implications for people like me , ” says Kaeley Triller , a former communications director at the YMCA who says she was fired after objecting to the organization 's trans-inclusive locker room policies . “ The presence of a male of any variety , whether he 's somebody who identifies as trans or not , whether he has deviant motives or not , that 's irrelevant to the reality that for survivors of sexual trauma , to just turn around and be exposed to that is an instant trigger . ”
The ADF 's video was the latest example of the right 's attempts to marshal the language of campus-style social justice politics , with its emphasis on victimization , trauma , and triggers . For example , conservatives have long cast doubt on statistics showing that as many as a fifth of women experiences sexual assault in their lifetimes . But now groups like the ADF are using that same embattled figure to argue that vulnerable women must be protected from sharing bathrooms and locker rooms with trans women . The ADF 's website reads : “ Advocacy groups report that , in the United States , nearly 1 in 5 women and nearly 1 in 8 high school girls have been sexually assaulted . * For many of them , the mere presence of a biological man in a women 's restroom is a trigger that causes severe emotional and mental harm—regardless of that man 's intentions. ” The asterisk is there to distance the ADF from the statistic even as the group exploits it ; a note at the bottom of the page says that the ADF “ can not vouch for [ its ] validity . ”
Similarly , right-wing websites that usually sneer at the idea of rape culture earnestly invoke it when warning about bathroom predators . Last year , a piece in the Federalist asked , “ Are dubious claims about ‘ rape culture ' an attempt to create a scapegoat for the emotional dark side of promiscuity ? ” Yet when it comes to bathroom bills , the Federalist takes rape culture as seriously as an Oberlin gender studies major . “ We women do n't need men telling us how to live or when and where our safety should be a priority , ” said a recent Federalist piece about bathrooms . The piece aimed biting sarcasm toward men who dismiss anxiety about bathroom privacy : “ Because concerned women are always just hysterical , are n't they ? Like rape victims—hysterical broads with no self-control . ”
The “ Unintended Victims ” video even features a black trans woman , Jaqueline Sephora Andrews ; before her death in April , Andrews was part of a small circle of so-called gender-critical trans women allied with radical feminists who are opposed to the presence of trans women in female-only spaces . Her presence in the video is further evidence of the anti-feminist ADF 's eagerness to borrow feminist rhetoric . “ In a time when so many sexual assaults go unreported , we 're telling them that their boundaries do n't matter , ” Andrews says of cisgender women who do n't want to share bathrooms with trans women . “ When they say no , people wo n't listen . ”
Obviously , there 's bad faith at work here—if not among the sexual assault victims themselves , then certainly among the right-wing propagandists who solemnly invoke feminist ideas that they usually find risible . It 's a kind of high-level trolling meant to highlight contradictions in mainstream feminist discourse , not to build support for rape victims .
Those contradictions , however , are real . There 's no coherent ideology in which traumatized students have the right to be shielded from material that upsets them—be it Ovid , 9½ Weeks , or the sentiments of Laura Kipnis—but not from undressing in the presence of people with different genitalia . If we 've decided that people have the right not to feel unsafe—as opposed to the right not to be unsafe—then what 's the standard for refusing that right to conservative sexual abuse victims ? Is it simply that we do n't believe them when they describe the way their trauma manifests ? Are n't we supposed to believe victims no matter what ?
Some radical feminists believe that these contradictions should make people on the left reconsider their commitment to trans rights . Certainly , creepy men can and probably will take advantage of trans-friendly bathroom laws to try to prey on women . Shortly after Washington state allowed trans people to use bathrooms and changing rooms that correspond with their gender identity , a man barged into the women 's locker room at a local pool , announcing , “ The law has changed , and I have the right to be here. ” ( According to local news reports , it was unclear if he was protesting the law or just exploiting it . ) These laws create a tiny but real risk for women . In the absence of such laws , however , trans people risk their safety every single time they use the bathroom . They are in more danger without these laws than cisgender women are with them .
The ease with which conservatives are able to appropriate social justice arguments should , however , make some on the left reconsider the politics of personal fragility . If claiming to feel triggered operates as a political trump card , conservatives are going to play it . Indeed , it is conservatives who have often championed victims ' rights , arguing that the rights of accused criminals matter less than the safety of the broader public . Conservatives , not liberals , have traditionally pressed for the right of people not to be confronted with ideas ; images ; or , yes , bodies that offend them . It 's not surprising that they 've found it easy to adapt arguments premised on extreme female vulnerability to their own purposes . Those ideas always had a conservative streak to begin with .
So far , progressives have mostly responded to conservative complaints about opening up bathrooms to trans people by loudly insisting that trans bathroom predators are a myth . This elides the fact that we have no working definition of what differentiates a trans woman from a man claiming to be a woman for iniquitous ends . There are , in fact , instances of men who 've donned drag to spy on women in bathrooms or assault them in female-only spaces such as homeless shelters . There may well be more . Those who want to defend laws on gender-inclusive bathroom access should have an argument besides incredulous denial .
Rather than engaging in a victimology arms race , they might ground their arguments in the language of civil liberties . Civil libertarians know that we do n't punish people as a group for the actions of individuals . They know that in a diverse , fractious , free country , sometimes other people are going to exercise their rights in a way that upsets or even scares you . And they know that protecting civil liberties sometimes means forgoing other kinds of protection . It would be easier for people on the left to make that argument now , though , if they had n't spent the past few years arguing the opposite .
How Exactly Does the Pimsleur Method Work ?
But I 've Never Been Able to Learn a Foreign Language -- No Matter How Hard I 've Tried !
You probably 'took ' a foreign language class in school or college -- and now you remember only a few words or phrases . Or you may have even invested money into another program -- only to realize that it did not have the objective of teaching you to communicate immediately in the foreign language .
One of the main reasons other courses failed to live up to your expectations is because they leave the burden of learning totally up to the learner ! They have you pointing and clicking at photos on a computer screen . They have you concerned with grammar rules , translation , or literature . But Pimsleur is different . With Pimsleur , you have a tutor constantly managing the process of instruction , guiding and coaching you to success .
The Pimsleur courses are scientifically-sequenced to guarantee that they will work with you as they have for millions before you . All you need to do is follow your tutor 's instructions and participate in the conversation .
Senator John Cornyn ( R-TX ) is looking to expand the number of wealthy foreign nationals who can pay their way to permanent legal residency in the U.S. under the EB-5 visa .
Cornyn is floating draft legislation that would essentially erase the current cap for EB-5 visas , which is set at 10,000 a year . Under the EB-5 visa , foreign nationals can claim that they will invest $ 500,000 and thus receive Green Cards for their family for at least two years , with pathways to citizenship available as well . The only requirement is that the EB-5 holder create 10 U.S. jobs .
Currently , the family and children of those foreign investors are included in the 10,000 EB-5 visa cap , but under Cornyn 's legislation , that would no longer be the case .
A fellow with the Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) , David North , who recently testified before Congress on the EB-5 visa , told Breitbart Texas that raising the cap would potentially triple the number of foreign nationals entering the U.S. through the visa every year .
“ That means tripling the number of people , ” North said . “ The thing is , Congress has , for something like 90 years , been putting numerical limits on migration and … the limit is 10,000 visas so that we do n't get any more people than that . ”
North said that for the current 10,000 visas cap , roughly 4,000 investors enter the U.S. every year , not including their families . With Cornyn 's proposed increase , though , North told Breitbart Texas there could be 10,000 investors , alone , with approximately 25,000 foreign nationals altogether entering the U.S. every year under the program .
CIS Director Mark Krikorian called the proposed expansion of the EB-5 visa , which has been riddled with fraud and corruption since its conception , “ outrageous . ”
“ The point of exempting family members is to give out massive amounts of visas , ” Krikorian told Breitbart Texas .
Krikorian noted how Senate Judiciary Chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) and the ranking minority member Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-CA ) have introduced legislation to abolish the EB-5 visa altogether . But , Krikorian said Cornyn , along with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) , are trying to keep the visa program afloat .
“ Cornyn 's approach is complete error , ” Krikorian said .
North told Breitbart Texas that Cornyn 's proposal to dramatically raise the cap could be a bargaining tool designed to ultimately keep the EB-5 visa program intact .
An extension of the EB-5 visa was slipped into a recent spending bill passed by the House , as Breitbart Texas reported . EB-5 immigrant visa-holders primarily come to the U.S. from China . The program has endured public embarrassment for years , as more fraud cases involving the program come to light .
Breitbart Texas requested comment from Sen. Cornyn but did not receive a response by press time .
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @ JxhnBinder .
 December court dates have been set for one former and two current Arkansas basketball players charged with forgery .
Anton Beard and Jacorey Williams have court dates scheduled for Dec. 8 , while Dustin Thomas has a court date scheduled for Dec. 10 . Attorneys for the three met with Washington County Circuit Court Judge Joanna Taylor on Tuesday for a status hearing .
Beard has been charged with three counts of forgery , while Thomas and Williams have been charged with one count apiece . All plead not guilty to the charges in September .
Forgery is a Class B felony in Arkansas and carries a punishment of five to 20 years in prison , a $ 15,000 fine or both .
Beard , Thomas and Williams were arrested July 22 for passing counterfeit money at Fayetteville businesses . An arrest report stated all three admitted to using the bills on July 17-18 but denied knowing they were fake .
Beard and Thomas are indefinitely suspended from the Razorbacks ' basketball team . Beard would be Arkansas ' second-leading returning scorer , and Thomas transferred during the offseason from Colorado .
Williams was dismissed from the Arkansas program in August and is now on the roster at Middle Tennessee .
Information for this article was contributed by Ron Wood
Tehran , Iran : In a shocking announcement Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad blasted Jews worldwide Thursday by denying the existence of Barbra Streisand . Ahmadinejadt addressed the single member of the Iranian press , Chancellor of Media , Grazza Mazzoud with a metered and aggressive rhetoric sidestepping clear historic documentation and logic in the process . The statement mirrored his now infamous comments denying the Holocaust in which millions of Jews were exterminated .
“ The existence of Barbra Streisand , is just one theory , there is no clear proof that she exists ” Ahmadinejad said . “ The horned infidels [ Jews ] want the world to believe the existence of this mythical singing/acting big-nosed “ Babs. ” Do n't believe the head of the serpent , “ You Do n't Bring Me Flowers ” is a call for the slaughtering of all Muslim women and children . ”
Iranian scholar Razmaza Khomeini , in an interview with state run Channel 1 News , pointed to the fact that he had seen Streisand in the movie Meet the Fockers on a plane traveling from Dubai to Tehran . He delicately suggested that President Ahmadinejad might have been misled by the cursed Hebrew god on this issue . Khomeini , his wife Asal , son Mansoor and cat Sprinkles were all immediately hung for treason .
Republican Presidential candidate John McCain was quick to respond . “ I have a solid record of believing in the birth , existence and historical significance of Barbara Streisand . I have had several conversations with General Petraeus on this matter and if elected president I will deploy 500,000 troops directly to Barbara Streisand. ” McCain also took the opportunity to slam Democratic Presidential candidate Barack Obama . “ If elected president , Obama will gay marry Ahmadinejad in a Nazi ceremony while standing on a burning American flag . Mr. Obama… the American people will not stand for this ! When I am President of the United States I immediately will bomb , bomb , bomb Iran while simultaneously watching Yentl on a continuous loop . ”
On the home front American Jews have been outraged by the denial of Streisand 's existence . “ Oy ! What is this fercockt President talking about ? ” said Long Island , New York resident Ethel Berkowitz . “ Barbara is a national treasure . This Ahmad-wah-wah whatever his name , is a messhuggina . He should see Babs in Prince of Tides…he 'll need a whole box of Kleenex just like my [ husband ] Harvey did . He should come over ; we 'll get a nosh from Schlesinger 's [ deli ] and make an afternoon out of it . ”
Not all Americans are outraged . Noted Hollywood anti-Semite Mel Gibson told Variety that he has been working on a documentary with his father dispelling the “ Streisand Myth ” for four years . Gibson also mumbled “ Damn Jews ” under his breath 17 times in the interview .
After denying the existence of Streisand , matzo ball soup , Tufts University and pennies , President Ahmadinejadt signed in to a law a bill compelling all Iranian citizens to eat at Chick-fil-a at least twice week .
Grab your poles , or borrow a friend 's , and head to the beaches on Sunday !
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission is waiving the saltwater fishing license requirement for all recreational anglers - residents and visitors - on Sunday , September 1 .
`` The license-free fishing day on September 1 is a great way for families to enjoy Florida 's incredible saltwater fishing opportunities during the Labor Day holiday . Florida is the Fishing Capital of the World and this license-free weekend is a great opportunity to introduce friends and family who may have never experienced Florida saltwater fishing to enjoy the Sunshine States ' bountiful waters and historic fishing communities , '' Gov . Rick Scott said .
Currently , September 1 is the last saltwater license-free fishing day this year . However , the FWC is slated to consider adding four more days to the calendar during the September 5 meeting in Pensacola . If approved , there will be two more saltwater and two more freshwater license-free fishing days before the end of 2013 .
An annual license for residents can be purchased at 1-888-FISH-Florida or at License.MyFWC.com . All fishing license fees are used to support Florida fish and wildlife conservation and help attain additional funding for Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration projects .
All bag limits , seasons and size restrictions apply on these dates . For fishing tips , locations and rules , visit MyFWC.com/Fishing .
“ BanG Dream ! ” The CD jacket of 8th single is posted . Poppin'Party in Christmas costume is cute ♪
“ BanG Dream ! ” The CD jacket picture of 8th single is now released .
In the jacket picture released this time , everyone in Poppin ‘ Party wearing Christmas costumes like cute Santa , and they looked enjoyed .
In the 8th single “ Song of Christmas ” , “ Future Card Buddyfight ” ED song “ B.O.F ” which the artist Daigo created and “ Kimi ni morata mono ” which the fan had high desire to be included .
The limited edition with Blu-ray is a luxury specification which includes recorded live film of “ BanG Dream ! 4th ☆ LIVE Miracle PARTY 2017 ! At Nippon Budokan ”
Poppin ‘ Party who enjoyed fans with various songs so far , and let 's see how the 8th single “ Song of Christmas ” will entertain us !
The release will be on December 13 ! !
Poppin ' Party 8th Single “ Christmas Song ”
Normal version
Price : ¥1,500 ( without tax )
Product number : BRMM-10101
Release date : Wednesday , December 13
Contents of CD recording ■
1 . Song of Christmas
2 . B.O.F
3 . Kimi ni morata mono
4 . Christmas Songs – Instrumental-
5 . B.O.F -instrumental-
6 . Kimi ni morata mono -instrumental-
Initial production limited enclosed privilege
Future Card Buddyfight PR Card ( 1 kind each )
Limited Edition with Blu-ray
Price : ¥6,000 ( excluding tax )
Product number : BRMM-10100
Release date : Wednesday , December 13
Content recorded
[ CD ]
1 . Song of Christmas
2 . B.O.F
3 . Kimi ni morata mono
4 . Christmas Songs – Instrumental-
5 . B.O.F -instrumental-
6 . Kimi ni morata mono -instrumental-
[ Blu-ray Disc ]
BanG Dream ! 4th ☆ LIVE Miracle PARTY 2017 ! At Nippon Budokan Live Picture
Initial production limited enclosed privilege
Future Card Buddyfight PR Card ( 1 kind each )
Source : https : //twitter.com/bang_dream_info/status/931104432036626432
BanG Dream ! [ INFO ]
BanG Dream ! ( Bundle ! ) is a media mix project in which Bushiroad is involved in planning . TV anime “ BanG Dream ! ” has Broadcasted in the winter of 2017 . The story was about five girls who formed a girls band called “ Poppin ‘ Party ” by the leader of Kasumi Toyama . At the same time as smartphone game “ BanG Dream ! Girls Band Party ! ” has released , the activity has developed widely to expand the project .
BanG Dream ! Officia sitel : https : //bang-dream.com/
Twitter : @ bang_dream_info
©BanG Dream ! Project © bushiroad All Rights Reserved .
It seems like Linden Lab has plenty of areas of weakness . There 's probably no area that you ca n't point to and think “ that could be better. ” Governance , communications , QA , billing , server stability , viewer stability , lag , customer service… the list goes on . Not all of these areas are in as much difficulty as they seem , though . If most of them were better , we 'd have far fewer issues with the remainder .
There are two areas of weakness , though , that I think are key .
Those are QA and billing ; the mitigation of widespread , avoidable issues ; and the collection of payments .
If those two particular areas are weak , it does n't really matter so much whether the other areas are strong or not , because your experience of those other areas is going to be limited .
Share this : Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Print
Tags : Linden Lab / Linden Research Inc , Opinion , Second Life , Virtual Environments and Virtual Worlds
A school cleaner who stole over €100,000 in social welfare fraud over a 17-year period by pretending to be her sister has avoided a jail term .
A school cleaner who stole over €100,000 in social welfare fraud over a 17-year period by pretending to be her sister has avoided a jail term .
Carol Clarke , a 57-year-old mother of five , used the money to support her family and to help pay off one of her son 's drug debts , Dublin Circuit Criminal Court heard at a previous sentence hearing last May .
Clarke , with an address in Dunard Drive , Navan Road , Dublin , pleaded guilty to two counts of stealing from the Department of Social Welfare at Phibsborough post office between February 1994 and July 2011 . The total amount stolen was €104,431 .
Judge Karen O'Connor sentenced Clarke to two years in prison which she suspended in full .
She said she had taken into account the “ heartbreak and tragedy ” Clarke had suffered , as one son was shot dead and a second had killed himself . She noted that the woman was now caring full-time for her ill daughter .
Judge O'Connor wished Clarke “ every good fortune ” and commended her for looking after her daughter and grandchildren . She said she would not ask Clarke to compensate the State , because she said in her particular circumstances “ it would be unduly onerous ” considering her limited financial means .
Inspector Thomas Lynch told Pieter Le Vert BL , prosecuting , that gardaí discovered in 2012 that social welfare was being claimed on behalf of Bernadette Darcy , Clarke 's sister . Ms Darcy told gardaí she had no idea that the social welfare was being claimed under her name .
Clarke was arrested shortly afterwards . She initially denied the claims , but after carrying out a number of handwriting tests and fingerprint testing , she eventually admitted to the offence . Staff at Phibsborough post office also identified her as the culprit .
She has one previous conviction for handling stolen property in 1999 .
Tara Burns SC , defending , said Clarke had a difficult family background . Her husband died of Huntington 's Disease in 2013 . Of her five children , a son and daughter also suffer from the condition .
Her son is cared for in hospital while Clarke cares for her sick daughter and her daughter 's two young children in the family home . She is effectively the sole carer of those children , Ms Burns said .
The court heard another son took his own life at the age of 25 after running up drug debts , while her younger son , Glen Clarke , was killed in a shooting incident in Dublin last December .
Ms Burns said her client was extremely remorseful and was paying back the debt she owed to the department in €50 instalments . She handed up a number of references to court , including Clarke 's employer at St Paul 's CBS , who described her as dedicated and hard-working .
Defence counsel urged Judge O'Connor at the sentence hearing in May to consider not imposing a custodial sentence , saying she cared for her grandchildren , who wee aged four and six , “ as a mother would ” .
Judge O'Connor noted , at that hearing that the offence was “ premeditated ” and of some duration .
Online Editors
How science is turning soldiers into superheroes . By Patrick Tucker
The average spider can stay perched in a web for long hours waiting for prey and can lift eight times its own body weight . The average soldier – can not . The military is trying to change that with help from scientists at Harvard 's Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering , called on to develop a so-called “ Soft Exosuit. ” The suit would imbue the wearer with what might be called “ super ” endurance and lifting ability . It may sound like the “ Iron Man ” suit the military 's already tinkering with , but this Spidey suit would be constructed mostly of an experimental textile material in a scientifically-designed “ web ” pattern , rather than a bunch of hydraulic pumps and metal .
It would have a small low-energy microprocessor but would n't need an enormous battery pack for operation . The prototype even comes equipped with Spidey sense in the form of a “ network of supple strain sensors that act as the ‘ brain ' and ‘ nervous system ' of the Soft Exo-suit , respectively — continuously monitoring various data signals , including the suit tension , the position of the wearer ( e.g. , walking , running , crouched ) , and more . ”
Importantly , the project is different from the Z-Man program , which created suction cups and sticky skin to climb walls .
The extra strength and endurance capabilities , while they may be “ super , ” wo n't necessarily be dramatic . The suit , which would be worn under a soldier 's regular gear , is mostly to prevent injuries so the soldier would be able to walk far further without feeling his or her own weight nearly as much , or could be spared muscle strain when attempting to lift .
When will we have an exoskeleton that enables a soldier to bust through walls or throw cars ? Sorry , researchers believe that would indeed require some power system that humanity has not yet devised . But animals are able to manage these feats of strength somehow , which suggests that the secret to true exoskeleton super abilities lies not in devising novel nuclear reactors ( see Tony Starks 's Arc reactor ) but in harnessing the chemicals and the designs present in the animal world . That 's Wyss 's forte . The institute takes nature 's secrets and applies them to human needs , everything from foldable nano-robots to fight cancer to so-called organs on a chip , or microchips lined with human cells to facilitate drug testing .
Wyss 's understated approach to exoskeleton design , which is being funded with nearly $ 3 million under the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency 's Warrior Web project , represents a divergence from other military-funded prototypes and projects . Consider the Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit or TALOS suit , which the military wants to put on battlefields prior to 2018 . The TALOS is loaded with situational awareness systems ( sensors and helmet displays ) blast resistant plates , wound-sealing foam guns and a lot of other features that will add to weight , power draw and overall conspicuousness . Then there 's the Lockheed Martin FORTIS , under development for the Navy , 30 pounds of aluminum and carbon fiber to increase worker productivity at shipyards . The Lockheed Martin HULC is a metal , battery-powered wearable frame designed to help infantrymen carry 200-pound loads for 20 kilometers per battery charge . It , too , is a lot of metal .
Some of the more interesting exoskeleton-design is occurring outside of the military marketplace all together , but could influence future designs for warfighters . Several independent developers , like the folks behind the Mindwalker project , are working on robotic suits to help the elderly or disabled walk again . A fledgling startup called Sagawa Electronics out of Tokyo , was manufacturing what they were call a Power Jacket MK3 , a mechanical assemblage that lifts the user up about two feet and extends arm reach , back in 2012 and 13 for ¥12.5 million ( yen ) . A Korean company called Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering has outfitted many of its workers with a suit that they hope , one day , will help shipbuilders hoist 220 pounds without breaking a sweat . A company called B-Temia is developing what they call dermoskeletal technology to take the stress of a user 's knees when that user is walking ( for both soldiers and the public ) .
DARPA 's Spider-Man suit may or may not beat the Navy 's Iron Man , but the exoskeleton race is running at full steam .
In corporate law , a stock certificate ( also known as certificate of stock or share certificate ) is a legal document that certifies ownership of a specific number of shares or stock in a corporation . Historically , certificates may have been required to evidence entitlement to dividends , with a receipt for the payment being endorsed on the back ; and the original certificate may have been required to be provided to effect the transfer of the shareholding . Over time , these functions have been rendered redundant by statutory schemes to streamline the administrative burden on corporations , and to facilitate and streamline trading on a stock exchange . For example , most jurisdictions now impose an obligation on corporations to pay dividends to shareholders registered at a relevant point of time without the need to produce the share certificate as proof of entitlement and the certificate is no longer required to be produced with a transfer of a shareholding . In some jurisdictions today , the issue of paper stock certificates may be dispensed with , at least in some circumstances , and many corporations now provide a holding statement in lieu of a share certificate for each parcel of shares owned .
Most jurisdictions now require corporations to maintain records of ownership or transfers of shareholdings , and do not permit share certificates to be issued to bearer .
History [ edit ]
Ruben Schalk , history student at the Universiteit Utrecht , discovered ( 2010 ) the so far oldest share certificate in the world in the Westfries Archief in Hoorn . The certificate dates from 9 September 1606 and was issued by the VOC-chamber Enkhuizen . It was sold to Pieter Hermanszoon Boode . The second page records the payments of dividend .
In the United States and other countries , electronic registration is supplanting the stock certificate , with both public and private companies no longer being required to issue paper certificates . [ 1 ] In the United States over 420 of the 7,000-plus publicly traded securities do not issue paper certificates . [ 2 ] The United States ' Central Securities Depository , the DTC , has continued to promote efforts to completely eliminate paper stock certificates , a process called dematerialization . [ 3 ] Countries around the world have adopted similar initiatives with many countries setting deadlines for statutory dematerialization . [ 4 ]
Brokers may charge up to $ 500 for issuing a paper certificate , though this fee can be avoided by either holding share in street name ( in the United States street name securities are securities held electronically in the account of a stockbroker , similar to a bank account ) or registering shares directly with the stock transfer agent and having them issue the certificate . [ 5 ]
Another alternative to both paper and electronic registration is the use of paper-equivalent electronic stock certificates . Forty-seven states have enacted legislation equivalent to the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act , which formalizes equivalency for electronic signatures `` in writing '' requirements . This , together with the enactment of legislation permitting the use of `` facsimile '' signatures on certificates ( such as in §158 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ) , has given rise to software as a service technology [ 6 ] for private companies to create , issue and manage paper-equivalent electronic stock certificates .
In Sweden , share certificates have been largely abolished , people using electronic shares instead ( which are either registered in the share owner 's name or in the share owner 's broker 's name ) . Share certificates may exist in Sweden , but only if the shares are not listed on any stock exchange in Sweden , and the availability of share certificates has nothing to do with voting in shareholders ' general meetings .
Sometimes a shareholder with a stock certificate can give a proxy to another person to allow them to vote the shares in question . Similarly , a shareholder without a share certificate may often give a proxy to another person to allow them to vote the shares in question . Voting rights are defined by the corporation 's charter and corporate law .
Stock certificates are generally divided into two forms : registered stock certificates and bearer stock certificates . A registered stock certificate is normally only evidence of title , and a record of the true holders of the shares will appear in the stockholder 's register of the corporation .
A bearer stock certificate , as its name implies is a bearer instrument , and physical possession of the certificate entitles the holder to exercise all legal rights associated with the stock . Bearer stock certificates are becoming uncommon : they were popular in offshore jurisdictions for their perceived confidentiality , and as a useful way to transfer beneficial title to assets ( held by the corporation ) without payment of stamp duty . International initiatives have curbed the use of bearer stock certificates in offshore jurisdictions , and tend to be available only in onshore financial centres , although they are rarely seen in practice .
Legal characterization of a stock certificate [ edit ]
A stock certificate represents a legal proprietary interest in the common stock ( in the sense of the general fund ) or assets of the issuer corporation . The certificate evidences a chose in action against the issuer to collect dividends and usually to influence the issuer through voting pursuant to the issuer 's charter and bylaws , which are often implied or incorporated by reference as terms on the face of the certificate .
Stockholder rights are subject to the solvency requirements of issuer 's general creditors and to any terms and conditions validly placed upon the face of the stock certificate which are part of the total agreement between the particular stockholder and the issuer .
Stock certificates are transferred as negotiable or quasi-negotiable instruments by indorsement and delivery , and issuer charters typically require that transfers must be registered with the issuer ( usually via the issuer 's transfer agent ) in order for the transferee to join as a member of the corporation . Registration of transfer is a type of novation . [ 7 ]
There are old company research websites that can determine , for a fee , whether or not an old stock certificate or bond certificate has collectible or redeemable value . [ 8 ]
See also [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Sterling K. Brown in `` This Is Us '' ( NBC ) He 's definitely having a moment and rightfully so ! Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown has joined the cast of Marvel Studios ' “ Black Panther ” in the role of N'Jobu , a figure from T'Challa aka Black Panther 's past . The studio made the announcement just moments ago.No other details on N'jobu at this time , although Black Panther experts can chime in and enlighten the rest of us on who exactly the character is ( a Google search did n't reveal anything ) . Brown recently won an Emmy Award and is Golden Globe-nominated for his portrayal of Christopher Darden in “ The People V. O.J . Simpson : American Crime Story. ” The veteran stage and screen actor also garnered Screen Actors Guild and NAACP Image award nominations for the role as well as for the critically acclaimed NBC series “ This Is Us. ” Directed by Ryan Coogler , “ Black Panther ” stars Chadwick Boseman in the title role alongside Michael B. Jordan , Forest Whitaker , Lupita Nyong ' o , Angela Bassett , Danai Gurira , Daniel Kaluuya , Winston Duke , and Florence Kasumba . The film arrives in theaters on February 16 , 2018 .
On Future Days , Can fully explore the ambient direction they had introduced into their sound on the previous year 's Ege Bamyasi , and in the process created a landmark in European electronic music . Where Ege Bamyasi had played fast and loose with elements of rock song structure , Future Days dispensed with these elements altogether , creating hazy , expansive soundscapes dominated by percolating rhythms and evocative layers of keys . Vocalist Damo Suzuki turns in his final and most inspired performance with the band . His singing , which takes the form here of a rhythmic , nonsensical murmur , is all minimal texture and shading . Apart from the delightfully concise single `` Moonshake , '' the album is comprised of just three long atmospheric pieces of music . The title track eases us into the sonic wash , while `` Spray '' is built around Suzuki 's eerie vocals , which weave in and out of the shimmering instrumental tracks . The closing `` Bel Air '' is a gloriously expansive piece of music that progresses almost imperceptibly , ending abruptly after exactly 20 minutes . Aptly titled , Future Days is fiercely progressive , calming , complex , intense , and beautiful all at once . It is one of Can 's most fully realized and lasting achievements .
Plus : The longest gap between two legs ; Players wearing kit when out and about ( 2 ) ; and the player-manager who sold himself . Send your questions and answers to knowledge @ guardian.co.uk and follow us on Twitter
`` There is a street in Budapest in which on the right there is the stadium of MTK Budapest and on the left that of BKV Elore , '' wrote David Kaposi last week . `` I was wondering whether there is any other street in the world with the football stadiums on both sides , symmetrically back-to-back ? ''
First things first and sadly the first thing is to point out that the grounds on MTK and BKV are n't exactly symmetrical . But they 're not far off :
We have discovered a couple of grounds that are as close to symmetrical as you 're likely to get but , before we get to that , let 's take a look at a few grounds that come reasonably close . Most obviously there 's the closest two British league grounds , Dundee United 's Tannadice and Dundee 's Dens Park :
Slightly further afield and slightly further apart are two grounds in the Nigerian capital . `` There are two stadiums directly opposite each other in Lagos , '' writes Emmanuel Dimike . `` The National Stadium , Surulere , and the Teslim Balogun Stadium . Both are on Western Avenue . As a matter of fact , you can actually see into both stadiums at once on the bridge that runs parallel to the street . ''
Ranking very high in the symmetrical states are the homes of Independiente and Racing Club in Avellaneda , Buenos Aires . `` The Estádio Juan Domingo Perón and The Estadio Libertadores de América are actually right next to each other rather than on either side of the road , '' writes Max Green :
In Campinas , Brazil , writes Claudio Kristeller , the stadiums of Ponte Preta and Guarani are separated only by Ayrton Senna da Silva Avenue :
But the most impressive answer of all comes from the outskirts of Blackpool . `` The two closest teams in the English pyramid are Squires Gate FC and Blackpool Wren Rovers , '' writes Michael Haughey . `` The two grounds , School Road and Bruce Park , share a boundary wall along the length of one touchline . '' And they make an impressive sight to the right of the image below . The ground to the left is the home of AFC Blackpool , making a neat little trio within a few hundred yards .
LONGEST GAP BETWEEN LEGS
`` In the 1985-86 season a competition called the Screensport Super Cup took place between some ( but not all ) Division One clubs , '' began John Martin last week . `` Liverpool won it , as they did most competitions in those bygone days . An interesting fact concerned their semi-final against Norwich City . The first leg was played at Carrow Road on 5 February ( 1-1 ) but the second leg did not take place until 6 May ( 3-1 to Liverpool ) . Is this the longest gap between two legs of a tournament ? ''
Michael Haughey points us in the direction of the 1955-58 Fairs Cup , a competition which could teach cricket 's international one-day tournaments a thing or two about procrastination . It began on Christmas Day 1955 and ended on 1 May 1958 and the group stage was initially split into four groups of three teams , with each team to play the others twice . However the withdrawal of the Cologne XI from Group C left Leipzig and Lausanne Sports to battle it out over what was essentially two legs . The German side won the first 6-3 in Leipzig on 6 March 1956 but Lausanne mounted a stunning fight-back nearly eight months later , winning 7-3 on home soil on 21 October 1956 to progress to the semi-finals ( the first leg of which did not take place until 16 September 1957 ) .
But one two-legged tie has waited nearly 25 years for a second leg . `` The query from John Martin about the longest gap between two legs of a tournament brings to mind the Anglo-Scottish Cup , '' writes Darren Hudson . `` I recall the competition was revived in 1987 ( in what must be a golden age of pointless cup competitions such as the Dubai Cup ) in which the FA Cup and Scottish Cup holders would meet over two legs . This pitted Coventry and St Mirren together in their version of a 'Battle of Britain ' with the first leg taking place on 23 December 1987 at Highfield Road and ending in a 1-1 draw .
`` The first leg was poorly attended and two sides could n't agree on a return date for the second leg and as a result 23 December 2012 will mark 25 years since the playing of the first leg with the outcome still to be decided . ''
PLAYERS WEARING THEIR OWN REPLICA KIT ( 2 )
Last week we looked at the players to have been spotted out and about in their own replica kit and the Knowledge inbox has seen a glut of further examples .
The most spectacular of which comes from Ian Roberts . `` Has any player ever worn his kit 'out of term ' in a more triumphant manner than the demi-God that is Tony Hibbert ? '' he wonders with good reason .
Away from the world of rods and tackle Spurs fans were given a surprise at Old Trafford in October 2005 . `` Outside the south stand was a lone Spurs fan with Freund on the back of his shirt , '' writes Jonathan Radcliffe . `` He stopped to sign an autograph which made us look at him . It was only Steffan Freund wearing his own Spurs shirt ! '' It was indeed . Specifically , Freund was wearing his shirt from the 1999 Worthington Cup final . More details of the trip can be found here .
Not in his kit exactly but , as James Miller points out , Thierry Henry has admitted to being out and about in club colours . `` I left a game by the Tube once , '' said the former France striker . `` It was a game against Middlesbrough , I think we won 5-1 . I did n't play and I did n't want to bother the team , because some guys were living in St Albans and some were living wherever , and I did n't want to say : 'Can you drop me off . ' At the time I was living in a hotel in St Albans and it was far . So I took the train , then the Thameslink . The fans on the Tube did n't know me . I was wearing an Arsenal tracksuit so they must have just thought I was another supporter . '' Henry 's interview can be seen here .
And two tales with a chance of being apocryphal . `` At the Uefa Cup final in Manchester in 2008 , Rangers legend Jorg Albertz was sitting several rows in front of me proudly sporting his Albertz 11 shirt from the 2000-01 season , '' writes Gavin Danks . And Tony O'Brien recalls : `` Back when Danny Baker did 606 and it concerned itself more with the minutiae than whether 'Stevie G always gives 110 % ' a caller told the story of seeing Neil Lennon on holiday in Spain wearing his Leicester kit during the day and for dining out at night his Northern Ireland kit . ''
KNOWLEDGE ARCHIVE
`` The banter took an interesting turn in the pub when one of my mates claimed that a player-manager at Carlisle once placed himself on the transfer list , then sold himself to another club . Can this possibly be true ? '' inquired Stephen Guilfoyle back in 2006 .
While we would never advocate believing everything you hear down at your local , Stephen , on this occasion the banter is spot-on . Ivan Broadis , born in Poplar , east London in 1922 , is the man at the centre of this tale , although , as John Briggs notes , `` the Football League read his signature incorrectly and he was registered as Ivor , by which name he has been recognised ever since . '' Ivor 's early playing career took in amateur appearances for Finchley , Northfleet , Finchley again , Tottenham and Millwall , before he became the youngest player-manager ever at Carlisle – in 1946 – at the tender age of 23 .
`` Although his time as manager of the club could be regarded as being average , Broadis laid the foundations for the future and , when he left in January 1949 ( replaced by one Bill Shankly ) , United were in a far healthier state than when he had taken over , '' explains an article on the official club website . `` Still registered as a player , he sold himself to Sunderland for £18,000 claiming that it was in the best interests of the club that he leave , providing Carlisle with suitable financial reimbursement for the transfer . The fans were not convinced but accepted his move out of respect for the money it produced . Ivor is officially the first ever manager to transfer himself to another club . ''
Ivor 's playing career took him on to Manchester City , Newcastle , back to Carlisle and finally Queen of the South , while he also accrued 14 caps for England and played in the 1954 World Cup finals . He hung up his boots in 1962 , choosing to take up a career in journalism , reporting for the Carlisle Evening News and Star and even for the Observer . And , according to Chris Little , `` he can still be found swearing at bad copytakers at about 5.30pm on most Saturday afternoons in the Brunton Park press box . ''
For thousands more questions and answers take a trip through the Knowledge archive
Can you help ?
`` In light of Shelvey v Evans at the weekend , '' begins Rod Roberts , `` has there ever been an instance of two players being sent off for the same tackle ? ''
`` Which manager is the greatest lower league manager in the world ? '' wonders Claudio Alegria . `` Meaning , who has gotten more promotions and/or more clubs promoted into an higher division , in any nation ? ''
`` As a former minor shareholder of West Ham United before the Icelandics bought us out , at the last AGM during Q & A 's it was asked if anyone had ever left money to the club in their will & the response was no one , '' begins Chris Clark . `` Hammers fans sing West Ham 'till I die but this clearly is where in ends . Has anybody ever left a sizeable sum of money to a club who did n't have any direct connections with them prior to their death ? ''
`` I 'd like to know when the last Scotland squad for a competitive game was which did n't feature a Rangers or Celtic player , '' writes Alex Paterson .
`` With their draw on Friday , Ross County have now gone 40 league games undefeated , '' writes Craid McLaughlin . `` While this is far from a record , their eight most recent league games have all come in the top division . I am wondering which newly promoted team has gone on the longest undefeated streak in a top-flight domestic league ? ''
`` On Saturday , Southampton conceded two own goals from Kieran Gibbs shots , '' writes Ben Pearmain . `` What is the record for own goals caused by a player in a game ? ''
Send your questions and answers to knowledge @ guardian.co.uk
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved
WNCT -
JACKSONVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) - A former Camp Lejeune Marine and his girlfriend have admitted to killing his wife .
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Ashley McCarthy , who was killed in 2013 , in a Facebook photo .
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Ashley McCarthy , who was killed in 2013 , in a Facebook photo .
Prosecutors say Marquis Cheatham and Dominique Atkinson plotted and carried out the murder of 20-year-old Ashley McCarthy Cheatham in 2013 .
Both Atkinson and Cheatham wanted the victim out of the picture so they could be together , officials say .
Ashley was killed in the middle of a Montgomery , Ala. neighborhood .
According to a CNN affiliate , Atkinson pleaded guilty to murder Monday in connection with the death .
Cheatham , the victim 's husband , and Atkinson 's boyfriend , previously pleaded guilty to murder in the case on March 10 , 2016 .
References
1Arndt , Jörg and Christoph Haenel . Pi Unleashed . Trans . Catriona and David Lischka . New York , NY : Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg , 2001 .
2 “ Baffling Crop Circles Equal Pi. ” Metro . June 18 , 2008 . Accessed : June 15 , 2009 .
3Beckmann , Petr . A History of Pi . New York , NY : Golem Press , 1971 .
4Blatner , David . The Joy of Pi . New York , NY : Walker Publishing Company , 1997 .
5Brown , James Robert . Philosophy of Mathematics : A Contemporary Introduction to the World of Proofs and Pictures . 2nd ed . New York , NY : Routledge , 2008 .
6Maor , Eli . To Infinity and Beyond : A Cultural History of the Infinite . Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 1987 .
7 “ Pi by Givenchy. ” Basenotes . Accessed : June 14 , 2009 .
8Pickover , Clifford A. Keys to Infinity . Denver , CO : John Wiley & Sons , Inc .
9 “ Pi : Faith in Chaos. ” IMDB . Accessed : June 15 , 2009 .
10The Pi-Search Page . Angio . Updated April 17 , 2006 . Accessed : June 15 , 2009 .
11Tubbs , Robert . What Is a Number ? : Mathematical Concepts and Their Origins . Baltimore , MD : The Johns Hopkins University Press , 2009 .
12Zebrowski , Ernest , Jr. A History of the Circle : Mathematical Reasoning and the Physical Universe . New Brunswick , NJ : Rutgers University Press , 1999 .
Some 60 different human rights bodies have issued a joint call today for the UN to establish an investigatory panel to probe human rights abuses and war crimes by Saudi Arabia in its two and a half year long war against Yemen . Human Rights Watch appears to be spearheading the effort .
The call comes after the latest in a series of strikes killing civilians in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , where Saudi warplanes attacked a police checkpoint . The strike killed two police manning the checkpoint , and hit a taxi cab , killing five civilians .
That 's just part of the overall toll , according to some accounts , as one of the strikes also hit a gas tanker , and set fire to a nearby gas station , causing an explosion which prevented any rescue workers from reaching the area and trying to save anyone .
Saudi Arabia had two different incidents of airstrikes killing civilians in Sanaa last week as well , leveling a hotel in one case and then destroying an apartment building on the second occasion , which they insisted was a “ technical error . ”
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Establishment Republicans can barely contain their excitement after the events of the past seven days .
Donald Trump 's campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , was charged with battery in Florida for an incident in which he grabbed a reporter — and then denied doing so . Then Trump spent 48 hours defending Lewandowski and insisting the reporter had made up her story . Trump followed that political car wreck with another one — telling MSNBC 's Chris Matthews that if abortion were ever banned , women who had the procedure should be punished . He spent the next 72 hours trying to get out from under that mistake , taking a series of confusing positions in the process .
Amid all of Trump 's problems came even more good news for the establishment : Two polls in advance of Tuesday 's Wisconsin primary showed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with a double-digit lead over Trump in the state . And Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker even endorsed Cruz .
For the # neverTrump movement , it was a banner week . But what will it get them ?
Almost certainly Cruz , the man who began this campaign as the candidate the Republican establishment would do anything to keep from the nomination . And not just that : Someone who even the most dyed-in-the-wool Republican would be hard-pressed to argue could win 64 more electoral votes than Mitt Romney did when he lost the 2012 presidential race . ( Romney got 206 electoral votes ; you need 270 to be president . )
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump sat down with The Post 's Bob Woodward and Robert Costa . Here are five surprising statements he made during their meeting . ( The Washington Post )
Asked to dream up a best-case scenario for the broader Republican Party coming out of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in mid-July , longtime GOP strategist Mike Murphy offered this one up : “ Somebody other than Trump , Cruz or [ conservative radio talk show host ] Mark Levin as the nominee. ” But Murphy quickly added : “ I do n't see a path . ”
Murphy is in what I would describe as the realistic wing of the Republican Party when it comes to Trump , Cruz and the national convention . That wing acknowledges that their best-case scenario is a bad scenario — nominating a too-conservative Cruz and beginning the general election at a clear disadvantage to Hillary Clinton in the electoral college . Murphy and his brethren believe the only hope for the GOP in 2016 is to preserve majorities in the Senate and the House , something they believe Cruz might allow them to do whereas Trump would not .
But Murphy and his realism wing are not the dominant force in the GOP establishment at the moment . That position is held by a group I call the magical realism crowd — with apologies to Gabriel García Márquez .
The belief in that group is that even if Trump and Cruz go into the Cleveland convention with the most and second-most delegates , respectively , magically a more electable and establishment-friendly alternative will emerge and save the party from itself .
The names floated by the magical realism crowd — John Kasich , Mitt Romney , Paul Ryan — all would likely , on paper at least , be stronger general election candidates than Trump or Cruz . But so would , on paper again , Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and Chris Christie — all of whom wound up having more support among donors and establishment types than actual voters .
The idea that delegates on the convention floor — people who are , by and large , quite conservative and are accurately described as the base of the party — would throw over not only the top delegate getter ( Trump ) but also the candidate who got the second most delegates ( Cruz ) is decidedly implausible given what we know about the state of the GOP today .
Peter Hart , a veteran Democratic pollster , recently conducted a focus group in St. Louis comprised of Republican voters — with the aim of understanding the Trump phenomenon and its durability . One of his big take-aways ? “ A brokered convention would likely backfire . ”
1 of 12 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Who is Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski ? View Photos Corey Lewandowski , 42 , has turned himself in after being charged with a misdemeanor count of battery for allegedly yanking a Breitbart News reporter out of Donald Trump 's path . Here 's a look at his background . Caption The presidential candidate has fired Lewandowski , who was connected to several controversies during his tenure . Corey Lewandowski , an unknown political operative before signing on with Trump , saw his star rise with his candidate 's . Charlie Neibergall/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ Republicans and Republican-leaning independents remain willing to join together in support of whoever receives the most votes , ” Hart concluded in a memo reflecting on the results of the focus group . “ If Trump is that person , yet fails to receive the nomination through a brokered convention , then these voters predict that their reaction would be hostile and harsh . This is true not only for Trump voters but also many Cruz supporters . ”
In an election wholly defined by the Republican base 's dislike and distrust for the party 's leaders , how can you realistically expect that same base to capitulate to an establishment-favorite candidate who may not have even competed in the primary and caucus process ?
You ca n't . Or , at least , you should n't . Magical realism in politics is a dangerous thing — it has just enough truth in it to be recognizable but not enough to make it actually doable .
In Battlefield Hardline™ : Criminal Activity , we wanted to hook players up with new tools to take down their foes . We heard the community loud and clear that they want more weapons and it was always our plan to deliver more than part of Battlefield Hardline Premium .
We are approaching each of four expansion packs in different ways as they are story-themed and the maps , mode , weapons and combat have to fit into that play style . With Battlefield Hardline : Criminal Activity , the theme is fast-paced , infantry combat as the cops and criminals are fighting for or preventing small time crime jobs . This also means weapons and attachments suited for close quarters . And what better way to do that than outfitting the Enforcer class with a new shotgun and two more rifles . If that 's not enough , add two new weapon attachments , which will soon become your best friend .
NEW PUMP ACTION BULLPUP SHOTGUN
This is a new weapon for the cops on the Enforcer class . This futuristic shotgun is using cutting edge technology to dispense justice to the criminals . It can hold 14 rounds of 2 ¾ ” 12 gauge buckshot . Clearing criminals out in Black Friday or on The Beat makes this shotgun is right at home . While sneaking up on those criminals you might want the option for more range . This shotgun can use slugs as well as the new Breaching Rounds . These options make this shotgun very versatile . If you want to stay and fight in close quarters the Breaching Rounds will be your friend . They can also easily disable doors trapped with Sabotage or a Trip Mine . Got a pesky criminal setting traps on doors inside Code Blue ? Before you open that sabotaged door to get the heist bag shoot it with the Breaching Rounds . Then you can safely enter the door grab the bag and dance in the club . Breaching Rounds paired will solve that problem .
NEW BATTLE RIFLE
A new Battle Rifle is coming for the criminal faction on the Enforcer class with an iconic profile and look . The wooden furniture on this weapon gives it a classic look , but it has a modern and lethal function . It fires 7.62MM X 51MM rounds . This gives it amazing stopping power and range . This rifle is also very effective in mid-to-long range combat . It has a variety of options to choose from like AP Tracer Rounds , an upgraded stock , extended magazine , and more . While most effective at mid-to-long range , this rifle can still be very effective in close quarters if you can control the heavy recoil . Try switching to semi-auto mode with a mid-range scope and exploit the range of this rifle . This classic Battle Rifle can be very deadly in the right criminal 's hands and can dominate the courtyards in Black Friday or clear the Backwoods of cops if used correctly . This rifle could even become known as the Right Arm of the Criminal Underworld , instilling fear into anyone willing to get in between a criminal and their score .
NEW ASSAULT RIFLE
How about a new Assault Rifle for the police faction of the Enforcer class , you say ? This Assault Rifle has a unique look that is magnified by its keg style charging handle . The rate of fire is slower than some battle rifles , but that makes it easier to control . It also has less recoil then some of the other battle rifles . It fires 7.62MM X 51MM and makes it very effective at mid-to-long ranges . The cops will be stopping criminal activity from afar in Backwoods with the aid of this new weapon . The unique magazine gives this rifle twenty four rounds and a total capacity of twenty five rounds when a tactical reload is performed , giving it an advantage over the other battle rifles . The low rate of fire combined with the lower recoil makes this weapon a very controllable and deadly weapon . Do n't be afraid to use it on Code Blue or The Beat . Equip it with Armor Piercing Tracer Rounds to stop those criminals with body armor . This Assault Rifle will have the boys in blue making the criminals sing the blues .
AP TRACER ROUNDS
The Armor Piercing Tracer Rounds are available for Assault Rifles , Battle Rifles , and the designated marksman rifles . Cops and criminals both have access to these munitions . Armored Piercing rounds are capable of dealing greater damage to armored targets . They also have a highly visible tracer that helps the user track the round as well as making them more visible to the enemy . These rounds are very effective against body armor as well as increasing damage vs armored vehicles . Find yourself constantly loosing fights to someone with armored insert ? Equip the AP Tracer Rounds and even the odds .
BREACHING ROUNDS
The Breaching Rounds are a short range explosive 12-guage round that is designed to open doors . These rounds can be used to safely open a door that has been sabotaged . They are also effective in close quarter combat . Whether you are a Cop or a Criminal you will be able to equip these rounds in your shotgun . The use has to manually switch to the breaching round . This allows for the use of standard buckshot when the breaching round is not in the weapons chamber . If you find yourself unsure if a door is sabotaged , open it with the Breaching Rounds . You may also give your enemy an explosive demise by getting close and unleashing the power of the Breaching Rounds .
In addition to the three new Enforcer class weapons , we 're also adding a new Battle Pick-up for both sides and all classes to use . Silence your foes with the new Nail Gun .
NAIL GUN
There are times when a weapon has to be improvised . The Nail Gun is a great example of this . It does n't use conventional ammo or have any optics , but it can get the job done . It has a 10 nail capacity and has a total of 4 mags . Look for this Nail Gun scattered around the maps in Battlefield Hardline : Criminal Activity . This weapon fires nails with the aid of a .27 caliber cartridge . The Nail Gun is effective and deadly in close quarters . This weapon is capable of killing a foe with one shot to the head . It does n't make much noise so you wo n't show up on the mini map when firing . With only a .27 caliber cartridge the nails do n't go far and fall fast . However when you get close you can put your enemy down quickly .
And finally , we got new rides for you in Battlefield Hardline : Criminal Activity . Two new ones to be exact so that you and your crew can cruise down the streets as a click .
LOWRIDER
The Lowrider is a new sedan-class transport vehicle designed with mid-60s flair . Available for the criminal faction , it is fully customizable and comes outfitted with all the bells and whistles already acquired on the sports sedan . Cruise down the streets along with three passengers who can move up and sit against the door , making this ride an impressive combination of style and firepower . Equipped with a two-tone leather interior , custom musical horn and a hydraulic suspension controlled by the driver , the Lowrider puts a fresh new spin on the traditional workhorse transport vehicle .
PICK-UP TRUCK
The Pick-up Truck is a new civilian transport vehicle found in Backwoods . Designed originally as a work tool , the open cargo area of this heavy-duty passenger vehicle makes it ideal to carry your squad around the hazardous dirt roads . The enclosed cab seats two and the front passenger can move up and sit on the door to get a better attack angle . Two passengers can sit on the low sides of the truck bed and aim all around the vehicle . An additional passenger can crouch behind the tailgate and cover the rear of the vehicle against chasing foes making the Pick-up Truck deadly when full .
Last , but definitely not least we 're giving everyone a free new submachine gun as a token of appreciation for all our fans . This gun is separate from Battlefield Hardline : Criminal Activity , but will be made available with the gameplay patch that is released at the same time the pack goes live .
NEW SUBMACHINE GUN
The new Submachine Gun is a throwback . This classic design can be used by the cops or criminals . It can also be used on any class . The slow rate of fire makes it easy to control and keep your rounds on target . However there are limited options for customization on this weapon . You can put a grip and extended magazine on it and that 's it . Expect the streets to be filled with .45 Caliber slugs from this historical SMG .
This is the second of my three-part look into symmetry reduction algorithms for speeding up grid-based pathfinding . In In part one I introduced the notion of path symmetry : a property of uniform-cost grid maps which can significantly slow down optimal search . In this article I discuss Rectangular Symmetry Reduction ( RSR for short ) : a new pre-processing algorithm that explicitly identifies and eliminates symmetries from uniform cost grid maps . RSR [ 1 ] [ 2 ] is simple to understand , quick to apply and has low memory overheads . When combined with a standard search algorithm , such as A * , RSR can speed up optimal pathfinding by anywhere from several factors to an order of magnitude . These characteristics make RSR highly competitive with , and in many cases better than , competing state-of-the-art search space reduction techniques . Please note : this work was developed in conjunction with Please note : this work was developed in conjunction with Adi Botea and Philip Kilby . It forms part of my doctoral research into pathfinding at NICTA and The Australian National University . Electronic copies of the papers in which these ideas were first described are available from my homepage
The Algorithm
RSR speeds up optimal pathfinding by decomposing an arbitrary uniform-cost grid map into a set of empty rectangles . The idea is to avoid symmetries during search by only ever expanding nodes from the perimeter of each empty rectangle , and never from the interior . To ensure optimal travel through each rectangle we will also add a series of macro edges that allow units to “ jump ” from one side of a rectangle 's perimeter to the directly opposite side . ( This remainder of this section , and the next , give a mechanical overview of the algorithm and its properties . If you 're impatient , or do n't care about such things , you can skip ahead and check out some ( This remainder of this section , and the next , give a mechanical overview of the algorithm and its properties . If you 're impatient , or do n't care about such things , you can skip ahead and check out some screenshots . ) RSR can be described in 3 simple steps . Steps 1 and 2 are applied offline ; their objective is to identify and prune symmetry from the original grid map . The third step is an online node insertion procedure ; its objective is to preserve optimality when searching for paths in the symmetry-reduced grid map . RSR can be described in 3 simple steps . Steps 1 and 2 are applied offline ; their objective is to identify and prune symmetry from the original grid map . The third step is an online node insertion procedure ; its objective is to preserve optimality when searching for paths in the symmetry-reduced grid map .
RSR Step 1 : Grid Decomposition
Decompose the grid map into a set of obstacle-free rectangles . The size of the rectangles can vary across a map , depending on the placement of the obstacles . Once the decomposition is complete , prune all nodes from the interior , but not the perimeter , of each empty rectangle .
RSR Step 2 : Addition of Macro Edges
macro edges that connect each node on the perimeter of a rectangle with other nodes from the perimeter . In a 4-connected map ( shown here for simplicity ) a single macro edge between nodes on opposite sides of each rectangle will suffice . If diagonal moves are allowed , a set of macro edges ( as described in Add a series ofthat connect each node on the perimeter of a rectangle with other nodes from the perimeter . In a 4-connected map ( shown here for simplicity ) a single macro edge between nodes on opposite sides of each rectangle will suffice . If diagonal moves are allowed , a set of macro edges ( as described in [ 1 ] ) will be needed instead .
RSR Step 3 : Online Insertion
When the start or goal is located in the interior of an empty rectangle , we use a temporary node re-insertion procedure . In a 4-connected map ( shown here for simplicity ) we connect the temporary node , online , to the 4 nearest perimeter nodes . A similar operation , involving sets of edges from each perimeter side , is used when diagonal moves are allowed .
Properties and Performance
It preserves optimality . It has a small memory overhead in practice . Node insertion ( Step 3 ) can be performed in constant time . It can speed up A * search by anywhere from several factors to an order of magnitude . RSR has several attractive properties : I will focus on points 2 and 4 in the remainder of this section . A thorough discussion of points 1 and 3 ( including proofs ) can be found in [ 1 ] . Memory Requirements :
In the most straightforward implement of RSR we need to store the id of the parent rectangle for each of the n traversable nodes in the original grid . We also need to store the origin and dimensions of each rectangle ( macro edges can be identified on-the-fly and do not need to be stored explicitly ) . This means that , in the worst case , we might need to store up to 5n integers . In practice however we can usually do much better . For example : there is little benefit in storing or assigning nodes to rectangles with few or no interior nodes ( 1×1 , 2×1 , 2×2 , 3×2 , 3×3 etc. ) . We can also avoid the parent id overhead altogether and only store the set of identified rectangles . The only downside is that , during insertion ( Step 3 above ) , we now need to search for the parent rectangle of the start and goal — instead of being able to identify it in constant time . Performance :
We evaluated RSR on a number of benchmark grid map sets taken from Nathan Sturtevant 's freely available pathfinding library , Hierarchical Open Graph . One of the map sets is from the game Baldur 's Gate II : Shadows of Amn . The other two map sets ( Rooms and Adaptive Depth ) are both synthetic , though the latter could be described as semi-realistic . I will give only a short summary of our findings ; full results and discussion is available in the following papers : [ 1 ] [ 2 ] . In short : we observed that in most cases RSR can consistently speed up A * search by a factor of between 2-3 times ( Baldur 's Gate ) , 2-5 times ( Adaptive Depth ) and 5-9 times ( Rooms ) . In some cases the gain can be much higher : up to 30 times . In short : we observed that in most cases RSR can consistently speed up A * search by a factor of between 2-3 times ( Baldur 's Gate ) , 2-5 times ( Adaptive Depth ) and 5-9 times ( Rooms ) . In some cases the gain can be much higher : up to 30 times . We found that the extent of the speed gains will be dependent on the topography of the underlying grid map . On maps that feature large open areas or which can be naturally decomposed into rectangular regions , RSR is highly effective . When these conditions do not exist , the observed speed gains are more modest . This performance is competitive with , and often better than , Swamps We found that the extent of the speed gains will be dependent on the topography of the underlying grid map . On maps that feature large open areas or which can be naturally decomposed into rectangular regions , RSR is highly effective . When these conditions do not exist , the observed speed gains are more modest . This performance is competitive with , and often better than , Swamps [ 4 ] ; another state-of-the-art search space reduction technique . We did not identify a clear winner ( each algorithm has different strengths ) but did notice that the two methods are orthogonal and could be easily combined .
Below are screenshots of A * + RSR in action . In each case tiles marked red must be explored in order to find the optimal solution ( marked in blue ) . For comparison , I also show the number of tiles explored by vanilla A * when solving the same problem instances . I give one example problem from each benchmark set . You can click on each image to make it larger .
( a ) A * ( Baldur 's Gate ) A * ( Baldur 's Gate )
( b ) A * ( Adaptive Depth ) A * ( Adaptive Depth )
( c ) A * ( Rooms ) A * ( Rooms )
( d ) A * + RSR ( Baldur 's Gate ) A * + RSR ( Baldur 's Gate )
( e ) A * + RSR ( Adaptive Depth ) A * + RSR ( Adaptive Depth )
( f ) A * + RSR ( Rooms ) A * + RSR ( Rooms ) Figure 2 : Search Effort .
Comparative pathfinding examples from our experimental results . Images ( a ) to ( c ) are total nodes expanded by A * in order to find the optimal path to the goal ( marked blue ) . Images ( d ) to ( f ) are total nodes expanded by A * + RSR . The respective domains are ( from left to right ) : Baldur 's Gate , Adaptive Depth and Rooms . Notice that A * + RSR ignores many symmetric path segments and typically reaches the goal with much less effort .
Next Time
In the final part of this series I will discuss Jump Point Search [ 3 ] : a similar-yet-different symmetry breaking technique which builds on some of the ideas introduced here . Like RSR , Jump Point Search is highly effective and simple to apply ; unlike RSR it can be applied online and has no memory overhead and no pre-processing requirements . In most cases , JPS is also faster than RSR . Stay tuned for that ! Continue to Part 3 .
References
[ 1 ] D. Harabor , A. Botea , and P. Kilby . Path Symmetries in Uniform-cost Grid Maps . In Symposium on Abstraction Reformulation and Approximation ( SARA ) , 2011 . D. Harabor , A. Botea , and P. Kilby.In Symposium on Abstraction Reformulation and Approximation ( SARA ) , 2011 . [ 2 ] D. Harabor and A. Botea . Breaking Path Symmetries in 4-connected Grid Maps . In AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Interactive Digital Entertainment ( AIIDE ) , 2010 . [ 3 ] D. Harabor and A. Grastien . Online Graph Pruning for Pathfinding on Grid Maps . In National Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AAAI ) , 2011 . D. Harabor and A. Grastien.In National Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AAAI ) , 2011 . [ 4 ] N. Pochter , A. Zohar , J. S. Rosenschein and A. Felner . Search Space Reduction Using Swamp Hierarchies . In National Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AAAI ) , 2010 . N. Pochter , A. Zohar , J. S. Rosenschein and A. Felner.In National Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AAAI ) , 2010 .
Advertisements
The court did not sentence this poor woman to death , as per Islam 's death penalty for apostasy . They must be moderates .
“ UAE mother loses custody of children for changing religion , ” by Ahmed Shaaban , Khaleej Times , August 2 , 2017 :
The Ras Al Khaimah Personal Status Court of Appeal has stripped an expatriate mother of her children 's custody rights .
The court has also ordered the defendant , an Asian , to hand over the two kids to her husband , who is staying in the country .
The higher court said that the mother lost the custody of her children on the basis of the fact that she changed her religion and became a non-Muslim .
“ As such , the mother can not keep her children , be they male or female , in her custody after they turn five years as they can understand the rites of religion . ”
As per court records , the father filed a lawsuit against his wife at the Ras Al Khaimah Personal Status Court of First Instance… .
Dissatisfied with the verdict , the father then approached the Ras Al Khaimah Personal Status Court of Appeal , which stripped his wife of the rights to custody of their children , and ordered them to be returned to their father 's care .
A report released today on global water security from the Defense Intelligence Agency assesses that in next 10 years , water instability will be likely in `` nations important to the United States '' , and says that in the next decades , the use of water as a weapon will be more become more likely .
The report , which focused on the Nile , Tigris-Euphrates , Mekong , Jordan , Indus , Brahmaputra , and Amu Darya water basins , states that the availability of potable water will not keep up with demand without better water management .
While environmentalists have pointed to agroecology , food sovereignty and viewing water as part of the commons as a path towards responsible water management , the intelligence report sees biotechnology , agricultural exports and virtual water trade as the way forward .
Today , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who requested the report , commented on the report in a speech at the State Department , saying , `` As the world 's population continues to grow , demand for water will go up but our fresh water supplies will not keep pace . '' `` These difficulties will all increase the risk of instability within and between states , '' she said .
* * *
The report : Global Water Security
We assess that during the next 10 years , water problems will contribute to instability in states important to US national security interests . Water shortages , poor water quality , and floods by themselves are unlikely to result in state failure . However , water problems— when combined with poverty , social tensions , environmental degradation , ineffectual leadership , and weak political institutions— contribute to social disruptions that can result in state failure .
We assess that a water-related state-on-state conflict is unlikely during the next 10 years . Historically , water tensions have led to more water-sharing agreements than violent conflicts . However , we judge that as water shortages become more acute beyond the next 10 years , water in shared basins will increasingly be used as leverage ; the use of water as a weapon or to further terrorist objectives also will become more likely beyond 10 years .
* * *
The report notes that agriculture is responsible for approximately 70 percent of the global fresh water supply , and implies the need for geneticically modifed crops to deal with the decreasing water supply . From the report :
• Research to develop drought resistance in crops has been conducted for several decades , but no commercialization exists to date . During the next three decades , selected crops could be developed that require half the water used by current crops , but widespread cultivation of such crops is problematic . • Limited experiments are being conducted to develop food plants that can tolerate salt or waste water . The advances in biotechnology may result in new plants or genetically altered strains that can grow in salt water from the ocean or large saltwater aquifers .
* * *
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
It also touts virtual water trade as one of `` the best solutions for water problems '' and says that the U.S. will lead in the export of virtual water :
The United States is also one of the highest exporters of “ virtual water ” ( water consumed in the manufacturing or growing of an export product ) , providing numerous opportunities for engagement with the rest of the world .
The reports see other countries ' water scarcity as a boon for U.S. exports :
The United States can benefit from an increased demand for agricultural exports as water scarcity increases in various parts of the world . This would be especially true if states expecting increased water scarcity rely upon open markets instead of seeking bilateral land-lease arrangements in other countries to achieve their food security .
* * *
Today , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who requested the report , commented on the report in a speech at the State Department .
Tanner Houck , a right-handed pitcher from the University of Missouri . Houck has been rated as a consensus top-30 player in the draft , ranked 22nd by Baseball America , 20th by MLB.com , and 26th by Perfect Game . With the 24th overall pick in the 2017 MLB First-Year Player Draft , the Red Sox have selected , a right-handed pitcher from the University of Missouri . Houck has been rated as a consensus top-30 player in the draft , ranked 22nd by Baseball America , 20th by MLB.com , and 26th by Perfect Game .
Houck was previously selected in the 12th round of the 2014 draft by Toronto , but they could not sign him away from his commitment with the Missouri Tigers . At 6-foot-5 , 215 pounds , he has the prototypical pitcher 's build that the Red Sox tend to favor with amateur pitchers , though his low three-quarters arm slot limits his plane . His best pitch is a fastball that sits in the 90 to 94 range and has touched 98 with a natural sink that some scouts have rated a 70 per Baseball America . His secondaries lag behind the fastball , with a slider that flashes plus potential but can `` get sweepy '' per MLB.com , and a change-up that currently rates as fringy .
Houck pounds the strike zone consistently , posting fewer than 2.5 walks per nine innings during his time at Missouri . In 2017 , Houck has 95 strikeouts and 24 walks , and has surrendered only five home runs on his way to a 3.33 ERA . He joins Max Scherzer , Aaron Crow , and Kyle Gibson as hurlers out of the University of Missouri to be selected in the first round .
Image : Ted Eytan/Flickr
Roughly two-thirds of Americans believe the country is going in the `` wrong direction , '' and Tuesday the country will vote for two of the least popular presidential candidates of all time . Both the left and the right say that the United States ' government is ineffective .
One potential reason for this ? Human society is simply too complex for representative democracy to work . The United States probably should n't have a president at all , according to an analysis by mathematicians at the New England Complex Systems Institute .
NECSI is a research organization that uses math cribbed from the study of physical and chemical systems—bear with me for a moment—and newly available giant data sets to explain how events in one part of the world might affect something seemingly unrelated in another part of the world .
Most famously , the institute 's director , Yaneer Bar-Yam , predicted the Arab Spring several weeks before it happened . He found that seemingly unrelated policy decisions—ethanol subsidies in the US and the deregulation of commodity markets worldwide—led to skyrocketing food prices in 2008 and 2011 . It turns out that there is a very neat correlation between the United Nations food price index and unrest and rioting worldwide that no one but Bar-Yam had picked up .
The countries listed are where food-related rioting occurred . Numbers in parentheses are a number of deaths related to the violence . Image : Yaneer Bar-Yam
When considering our system of government , the link between these policies and unexpected global violence is an illustrative but hardly unique one : Bar-Yam was able to describe these cause-and-effect relationships in detail because he 's looking at very specific inputs and very specific outputs . He was zooming in on specific parts of the `` system '' that is human civilization in an attempt to explain one small but important part of the world .
It is absurd , then , to believe that the concentration of power in one or a few individuals at the top of a hierarchical representative democracy will be able to make optimal decisions on a vast array of connected and complex issues that will certainly have sweeping and unintended ramifications on other parts of human civilization .
`` There 's a natural process of increasing complexity in the world , '' Bar-Yam told me . `` And we can recognize that at some point , that increase in complexity is going to run into the complexity of the individual . And at that point , hierarchical organizations will fail . ''
`` We were raised to believe that democracy , and even the democracy that we have , is a system that has somehow inherent good to it , '' he added . But it 's not just democracy that fails . `` Hierarchical organizations are failing in the response to decision-making challenges . And this is true whether we 're talking about dictatorships , or communism that had very centralized control processes , and for representative democracies today . Representative democracies still focus power in one or few individuals . And that concentration of control and decision-making makes those systems ineffective . ''
The 'Complexity ' of Human Society
Society has been increasing in complexity since the beginning of human civilization . Image : Yaneer Bar-Yam
This idea of a quantifiable , measurable `` complexity , '' refers to the difficulty of describing what the hell is going on in a system . And Bar-Yam says that human society is just like every other system .
An individual human is made up of atoms , which make up cells , which make up organs , and so on . Describing the behavior of each individual atom is incredibly difficult ; describing the behavior of organs is less difficult , and it 's trivially easy to tell you that my organs are doing something inside me right now to allow me to type on a computer right now . Collective behaviors are inherently more `` simple '' than individual ones , in other words . Describing the behavior of atoms is more complex than describing the collective behavior of the many atoms that make up a human being .
This analogy extends to humans living in society . Predicting the specific behavior of a car factory worker in his day-to-day life is much harder than predicting that he and a collective of other people will produce cars at the factory .
`` In human organizations , coordination occurs because individuals influence each other 's ' behavior , '' Bar-Yam wrote in a paper explaining this hypothesis . `` A control hierarchy is designed to enable a single individual to control the collective behavior . ''
Governance , then , is an attempt to organize the behavior of many individually complex humans ( like the atoms above ) into something simpler and more coherent .
`` During the time of ancient empires , large-scale human systems executed relatively simple behaviors , and individuals performed relatively simple individual tasks that were repeated by many individuals over time to have a large scale effect , '' he added .
C-individual is the point at which one person can not effectively make decisions . Representative democracies are not strict hierarchies , however they still centralize power in a few individuals ( the `` hybrid '' model ) . Bar-Yam suggests society will need to move toward a more team-minded decision making process to cope with the complexity of human society .
The relatively simple nature of the world at the time allowed one single person to be a master of all aspects of governance , in other words . The collective behavior of the whole of a city , town , or empire in early society was easily describable , because everyone was doing more or less the same thing .
The issue here is that the sheer scale and interdependence of society has vastly increased since the days of ancient empires , increasing the overall complexity of society . To take this back to the biological analogy , it is as if society itself has evolved from being a very simple organism , such as a microbe to something much more complex , like a human ( in all likelihood society will get much more complex—maybe a better analogy is something like a jellyfish right now ) . This is what you would expect—physics theory suggests that all systems increase in complexity over time .
`` We 've become fundamentally confused about what the decisions are , and what their consequences are . And we ca n't make a connection between them ''
Technological advances during the industrial revolution allowed the automation of menial tasks and diversified the number of tasks human beings could perform . The industrial revolution led to advances in transportation and shipping that connected disparate parts of the world , and the internet , computers , and smartphones , of course , have served to intermingle nearly every corner of the world .
`` Human society '' is now one gigantic , incredibly complex system or organism rather than many smaller , isolated , and simpler ones .
This is how you end up with ethanol policies signed in America in the the late 1990s leading to widespread global unrest decades later . There are , of course , an unknowable number of decisions and events that have untold and difficult-to-predict effects on disparate parts of the world .
Complexity and the presidency
The complexity of our governance system needs to stay on the good side of the `` survive/fail '' line .
A framework put forward by cybernetics pioneer Ross Ashby in the 1950s that served as the underlying basis for Bar-Yam 's work suggests that organizations will begin to fail if the demands placed upon it exceed the complexity of the governance structure of that organization . When that governance structure concentrates power in one or a few people at the top , that means the demands placed on the structure ca n't be any more complex than one person can handle .
In the case of a representative democracy , we are expecting a president—aided by advisors and Congress , of course—to ultimately make decisions in an environment that is far too complicated for any one person . Democracy as we know it is failing .
`` We can not expect one individual to know how to respond to the challenges of the world today , '' Bar-Yam said . `` So whether we talk about one candidate or another , the Democrats or Republicans , Clinton versus Trump . The real question ultimately is , will we be able to change the system ? ''
`` We 've become fundamentally confused about what the decisions are , and what their consequences are . And we ca n't make a connection between them , '' he added . `` And that 's true about everybody , as well as about the decision-makers , the policymaker . They do n't know what the effects will be of the decisions that they 're making . ''
Bar-Yam proposes a more laterally-organized system of governance in which tons of small teams specialize in certain policies , and then those teams work together to ultimately make decisions .
`` We end up with people who will say , ' I will do this , and things will be better . ' And another person who will say , ' I will do this . And things will do better . ' And we ca n't tell , '' he said . `` Right now the danger is that we will choose strategies that will really cause a lot of destruction , before we 've created the ability to make better decisions . ''
When you vote Tuesday , do n't vote for blowing up the system—Bar-Yam advocates for a gradual move to more lateral governance structures . But know that the person you 're voting for will certainly be in over their head .
The Globe 's roundup of research from business schools .
Troubled U.S. discount retailer Target Corp. announced in January that it will pull up stakes in Canada less than two years after arriving here , another casualty of today 's tough retail landscape .
To succeed in the future , retailers , as well as manufacturers , would do well to borrow a page from the playbook of companies such as Apple Inc. , GoPro Inc. and Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc. , says Fang Wan , marketing professor at the University of Manitoba 's Asper School of Business in Winnipeg .
Story continues below advertisement
These companies rely extensively on what she calls `` fan-based economics . ''
It 's not so much about companies chasing after customers as it is about turning consumers into loyal followers or fans . These organizations are n't necessarily aiming for mass-market appeal but , rather , cultivating a niche-market following . `` It 's a new way of thinking , '' says Dr. Wan .
Apple is the master of this : Witness the long lineups for each new iPhone release . But more companies are starting to get the hang of it . Xiaomi has built its fan base by getting consumers involved in product development and testing ; GoPro , the maker of small panoramic video cameras , caters to thrill-seeking sports enthusiasts and provides an online space for them to share their content , Dr. Wan notes . `` The consumer is part of the creation process , '' she explains .
These companies are amassing more than just loyal clients . They are creating fans with an emotional investment in the company , according to Dr. Wan , whose observations are based on research she 's doing for a book about branding .
It 's difficult to cultivate this type of mythical image , she admits . That 's why there is just one Apple . But for those who can manage it , the benefits are huge . For one thing , it allows companies to branch out into different market segments and industries even , assured their fans will follow .
Food , beverage companies veil the reason you 're fat
The majority of adults in more than half of all industrialized nations are overweight or obese .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A new study co-authored by Brent McFerran , assistant professor of marketing at Simon Fraser University 's Beedie School of Business in Burnaby , B.C. , finds that the marketing tactics used by food and beverage companies play a major role in rising obesity rates . These marketing campaigns deflect attention away from the foods we eat ( and that the companies produce ) and emphasize the role of exercise in weight loss .
The study points out that while calorie intake , exercise and genetics all play a role in determining weight , the scientific literature points to overeating as the major culprit behind weight gain and obesity . The message , however , does n't seem to have filtered through to many consumers .
In six surveys conducted in the United States , South Korea , France and Hong Kong , the authors found that about half of respondents believed that poor diet was the primary cause of obesity . The rest blamed it on lack of exercise and genetics . What 's more , people 's beliefs about the causes of weight gain were closely correlated to their body mass index . Those who believed that diet was to blame were slimmer , even when controlling for other factors such as socioeconomic status and health .
Why the confusion ? The authors argue that the advertising , promotional , lobbying and philanthropic efforts of food and beverage companies are partly to blame . `` Food is one of the most marketed product categories and it 's one of the most astutely marketed product categories , '' says Dr. McFerran .
`` Certainly a more co-ordinated effort is needed to reach the public because these misbeliefs seem to persist , '' he adds .
Dr. McFerran and his co-authors believe governments have a crucial role to play in correcting these perceptions and in making sure consumers are well educated about the link between diet and obesity . They suggest that governments regulate advertising of these products just as they do alcohol and tobacco .
Story continues below advertisement
They also call for a tax on products that are high in fat and sugar , arguing that the tax would reduce demand for these products while the revenues generated could be used to fund a public education campaign .
`` We know that once that information is out there [ it ] drives behaviour , '' Dr. McFerran says .
The article was published in the Summer 2014 issue of the California Management Review .
Workers hired during financially stable times do better
These are undoubtedly unstable times in the labour market . Those lucky enough to land a job might well wonder how they will fare in the long run compared to colleagues who were hired when the purse strings were n't so tight .
A study by Andras Tilcsik , assistant professor of strategic management at the University of Toronto 's Rotman School of Management , shows neither group may be ahead . Call it `` the curse of the extremes . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Dr. Tilcsik measured the job performance of 131 employees at two European IT services firms over 15 years . Those hired both in prosperous times and in times of scarcity had lower performance ratings over time . By contrast , employees who were hired during periods of financial stability had higher ratings .
The study also found profound differences in how the timing of their initial training affected their skills and problem-solving strategies . Those who started work in prosperous times were more likely to execute tasks quickly whereas those hired in lean years took a slower approach and tended to focus on finding unique solutions to problems .
What really affects job performance in the long run , though , is how well the economic and fiscal conditions in the early years of employment match those an employee typically encounters subsequently , Dr. Tilcsik concludes . The study was published in the December of 2014 issue of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Rosanna Tamburri can reach at tamburrirosanna @ gmail.com
The national political scene in the United States took a sharp turn rightward in 2016 , culminating in President Donald Trump 's election . But a recent trend among some local lawmakers shows that Trump 's views do not represent the views of those who live in states that voted for him , particularly in Appalachia .
A movement to pass ordinances that protect queer and trans people at the municipal level has been gaining traction—a recent Reuters analysis indicated that since the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage nationwide in 2015 , about 50 cities and towns in states that voted for Trump have adopted local measures to protect LGBTQ people from discrimination .
Of those municipalities putting more protections in place , 11 of them are in West Virginia , in the heart of Appalachia . And this year the Mountain State may be on track to join the 19 other states who have already adopted statewide LGBTQ nondiscrimination laws .
“ We all need each other to survive . We ca n't really afford to discriminate against anybody . ”
In 2016 , five West Virginia cities adopted municipal non-discrimination measures .
“ We just finished a year in which we doubled the number of ordinances in the state , and we were doing it at a more rapid pace than any other state in the country , ” says Andrew Schneider , director of the LGBTQ advocacy group Fairness West Virginia . In early September 2017 , the city of Fairmont passed a resolution with non-discrimination language , bringing the total to 11 .
What is behind this rise and what can other states learn from West Virginia 's example ? Schneider , who has been with the young organization since 2014 , says the successes have been a function of appealing both to people 's sense of justice and to their hopes for economic prosperity .
Gay marriage took legal effect in West Virginia in October 2014 , when then-Governor Earl Ray Tomblin announced that the Attorney General 's office would not fight a lawsuit that challenged the state 's ban on same-sex unions . “ I continue to encourage all West Virginians , regardless of their personal beliefs , to uphold our state 's tradition of treating one another with dignity and respect , ” Tomblin said .
“ In Appalachia , there is a culture of friendliness and warmth and generosity that exceeds any other place I 've ever lived , ” Schneider says . “ It 's because our state is so rural and has faced so many economic obstacles . There 's a sense that we all need each other to survive . We ca n't really afford to discriminate against anybody . ”
Fairness West Virginia has been mobilizing other local communities for equality .
West Virginia has the highest percentage of teens who identify as transgender of any U.S. state and has emerged as a national leader when it comes to protecting the LGBTQ on the local level . A bipartisan poll shows that 60 percent of West Virginians support these measures .
“ Not only is it the morally correct thing to do , it 's also good for generating business , and keeping talented young people in the community so they do n't leave for bigger cities with more diversity , ” Schneider says . “ An inclusive community makes a great place to raise your family . ”
That 's in contrast to other communities , especially the state of North Carolina , where a statewide “ bathroom bill ” triggered massive public protests and boycotts by businesses , including by PayPal , which scrapped plans to build a new office in the state in response to the measure .
The first municipal nondiscrimination ordinance in West Virginia was the result of a campaign by the ACLU of West Virginia in 2007 in the capital , Charleston . Schneider was then the director of that ACLU office , and he said that it soon became clear to those working on the campaign that West Virginia needed an organization specifically dedicated to advancing LGBTQ rights . Fairness West Virginia has been mobilizing other local communities for equality since then , including Harpers Ferry and Huntington , which soon followed Charleston 's example in passing their own LGBTQ protections .
“ We are trying to show that equality is n't just about large urban centers with large LGBTQ populations . ”
Usually local activists have contacted Fairness West Virginia for help organizing a campaign , but sometimes local politicians have not needed convincing and led the charge themselves . This was the case with Thurmond , West Virginia , which has a population of just five people and in 2015 became the smallest town in America with an LGBT nondiscrimination law . Sutton , a town of about 1,000 , was the next to follow .
“ The big message was just , from the smallest town to the biggest town , West Virginians believe in equality , ” Tighe Bullock , a Thurmond council member , told The Washington Post .
“ West Virginia is a collection of small towns , ” Schneider says . “ We do n't have any big cities here . We are trying to show that equality is n't just about large urban centers with large LGBTQ populations . ”
Other cities and towns followed suit , but the campaign in Lewisburg , a prosperous town of nearly 4,000 residents that was named “ Coolest Small Town in America ” in 2011 , was the site of a bitter dispute on the road to the resolution 's passage in 2016 .
“ Lewisburg was the first place where the community opposition unveiled the transgender bathroom predator myth , ” Schneider says , referring to a tactic that opponents of trans equality have used in other parts of the country to defeat similar nondiscrimination measures . It was part of the rationale given for North Carolina 's bathroom bill , and in Houston , Texas , opposition groups staged an intensive campaign to repeal the nondiscrimination ordinance already on the books .
“ They did this because trans people are the least understood members of our community , ” Schneider says . “ It 's disgusting . But they needed something to replace other attacks that were n't gaining any traction anymore , like the idea that gay relationships are immoral . Many people still do n't know a trans person , so it worked . ”
Opponents of the nondiscrimination resolution in Lewisburg , mainly the Family Policy Council of West Virginia , borrowed this line of reasoning . Hundreds of signs went up all over town , imploring citizens to vote “ no ” on the resolution to “ keep men out of women 's restrooms . ”
“ Everyone was talking about it , ” Schneider says . “ It was tearing the city apart . ”
There is still some deep-seated resistance to full equality for queer and transgender West Virginians .
The Lewisburg City Council even considered delaying the vote on the resolution by six months to let tensions cool , but in the end , it proceeded on schedule . About 400 people showed up to the meeting , requiring it to be moved out of City Hall to the nearby West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine . According to Schneider , a full detail of State Police at the meeting made supporters of the two opposing views use separate entrances and sit apart to keep the peace .
More than 40 speakers from the community took the podium , and it was 12:30 a.m. before the council members could weigh in . Ultimately , all seven council members voted unanimously to approve it .
As Lewisburg shows however , there is still some deep-seated resistance to full equality for queer and transgender West Virginians . On the heels of the victory in Lewisburg , Schneider and his team at Fairness decided to reach out to a city that they had previously considered too conservative to pass a nondiscrimination ordinance—Parkersburg , a city of about 30,000 residents on the state line with Ohio .
Unlike Lewisburg , Parkersburg is not considered prosperous . A third of its population has left since 1980 , including most of the younger generation . The population that remains is older and poorer , and was more receptive to the Family Policy Council 's campaign .
Parkersburg seemed an important test for the push for a state law : if the ordinance could pass in a place this conservative , it could pass anywhere in the state .
The 2017 gamble failed , however . Though initially there was strong majority support on the city council , and anti-trans rhetoric and signs similar to what was experienced in Lewisburg eventually swayed the vote the other direction .
“ As more communities get on board , Parkersburg is going to stick out like a sore thumb as a place standing strongly in favor of discrimination , ” Schneider says . “ They are the outlier and are unfortunately going to become more isolated by this decision . ”
Despite this setback , Schneider remains optimistic . Plans are moving ahead in Morgantown to convert that city 's existing nondiscrimination resolution—a nonbinding statement of values—to a legal ordinance , an “ important resolution to preserve the rights of those who are vulnerable so that they can not be discriminated against in the future , ” says Deputy Mayor Marti Shamberger .
Fairness West Virginia has continued to advocate for a state law . So far in 2017 , no anti-gay bill has been introduced in West Virginia 's House of Representatives , which has never happened before , Schneider says .
So far , several state delegates , including Republican Charlotte Lane and Democrats Mike Pushkin and Barbara Fleischauer , have agreed to sponsor a bill that would extend protections statewide .
“ I feel pretty confident , ” Schneider says . “ West Virginia is going to adopt justice before half the country . ”
This story was funded in part by a grant from the One Foundation .
PUL-E ALAM , Afghanistan — A US airstrike killed at least 10 Afghan soldiers Monday at an army checkpoint in a Taliban-beset province south of Kabul , officials said , the latest “ friendly fire ” incident involving foreign coalition forces .
The bombing in Baraki Barak district of Logar province comes after a similar NATO air strike in the area in December killed five civilians and wounded six others .
“ At 6:00 am ( 0130 GMT ) today , two US helicopters attacked a checkpoint in Baraki Barak , ” district governor Mohammad Rahim Amin told AFP .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ The checkpoint caught fire… and 10 Afghan army soldiers were killed , ” he added , revising down his earlier toll of 14 .
Civilian and military deaths in coalition airstrikes have been one of the most emotive and high-profile issues of the 13-year Afghan war , often provoking fury from the government .
An American military official said he was “ aware of an incident involving US forces in Logar province this morning . ”
“ This incident is under investigation , ” he added .
Logar 's deputy police chief , Mohammad Wara , confirmed the strike and said 10 Afghan soldiers were killed and four others were wounded .
Amin said the targeted outpost was “ not a suspicious area . ”
“ The Afghan flag was waving at the checkpoint in Baraki Barak when the Americans launched their attack , ” he said .
US-led NATO forces ended their combat mission in Afghanistan in December , leaving local forces to battle the Taliban alone , but a residual force remains for training and counter-terrorism operations .
Surging casualties
Monday 's incident comes as Taliban insurgents step up attacks on government and foreign targets during their summer offensive despite official efforts to jumpstart peace talks .
Afghan officials sat down with Taliban cadres this month in Murree , a tourist town in the hills north of Islamabad , Pakistan , for their first face-to-face talks aimed at ending the bloody insurgency .
They agreed to meet again in the coming weeks , drawing praise Islamabad , Beijing , Washington and the United Nations .
While “ friendly fire ” incidents involving foreign coalition forces are a deeply contentious issue in Afghanistan , UN statistics show that the Taliban are responsible for most deaths .
Civilians often fall victim to such attacks , with almost 1,000 Afghan civilians killed during the first four months of the year , according to the UN mission in Afghanistan .
President Ashraf Ghani 's government has drawn criticism for failing to end growing insurgent attacks , which critics partly blame on the protracted delay in the appointment of a defense minister .
The crucial post has not been filled since Ghani came to power last September .
Foreign forces are themselves known to sometimes fall victim to “ friendly fire ” incidents .
A NATO air strike killed five US troops and an Afghan soldier in an accident during clashes with insurgents .
The incident could have been avoided if American forces had communicated properly and understood their aircraft 's capabilities , military investigators later said .
Afghan soldiers are also sometimes blamed for such incidents .
In January , Afghan soldiers accidentally fired mortars at a wedding party that killed 17 women and children in the southern province of Helmand .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy called upon the French to take the lead in defending the `` European way of life '' on Sunday in an hour-long speech at a giant campaign rally in the northern Paris suburb of Villepinte .
ADVERTISING Read more
French President Nicolas Sarkozy told supporters gathered at a massive campaign rally on Sunday that protecting Europe was vital to the future of France . In an hour-long speech , the incumbent declared that in order to save the “ European way of life ” , it was necessary to strengthen poorly guarded borders and give an economic advantage to European-based businesses .
Speaking to tens of thousands of supporters in Villepinte expo centre a few kilometers north of Paris , Sarkozy insisted that Europe risks a new economic crisis if it does not change . “ We have arrived at a moment in which Europe must take charge of its own destiny , or risk a breakdown , ” he told supporters .
Rivals dismiss Nicolas Sarkozy 's rally
Standing on a vast stage plainly adorned with one French and one EU flag , the incumbent spoke about the lessons he had learned during the past five years , but also about France 's role within Europe .
“ If France does not take the lead , nothing will happen . If nothing happens , Europe will lose its place in the world . Give Europe control of its future ; give France control over its destiny , ” the incumbent urged .
Sarkozy has been criticized by rival candidates of forsaking France 's sovereignty by pushing for greater EU oversight and his close relationship with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . He tried to counter those charges Sunday by telling the audience that by “ fighting for others , France was fighting for itself . ”
Sarkozy specifically targeted the European treaty that allows the free movement of people within the Schengen borders , declaring it did not allow sufficient border control and promising to quit the Schengen accord in the next twelve months if new negotiations were not initiated .
He also called for greater commercial protectionism , urging European partners to enact legislation similar to the “ Buy American Act ” , in which only European-based contractors would be allowed to bid on European infrastructure projects . If no action were taken at the EU level , the incumbent warned that “ France would apply this rule unilaterally . ”
Strong attendance
Sarkozy 's speech was infused with an overall sense of urgency . “ Help me ! ” Sarkozy repeatedly called out from the stage . “ We have two months to create an amazing adventure , two months to turn around all the predictions . ”
Just six weeks before the first round of presidential elections , the incumbent hoped to reverse what has thus been perceived by the public as an unremarkable presidential race . Sarkozy is lagging behind Socialist Party candidate François Hollande in opinion polls and struggling to recreate the enthusiasm he built around his successful 2007 campaign .
A large number of supporters turned out for the big event . According to UMP party chief François Copé , there were 70,000 in attendance –a figure that seemed unrealistic given earlier estimates by organizers that the rally would mobilize between 30 and 40 thousand party members and sympathizers .
Before Sarkozy took the stage in the early afternoon , Foreign Affairs Minister Alain Juppé and Prime Minister François Fillon took turns at the podium to warm up the crowd . Fervent flag waving greeted the president with thunderous chanting of “ Nicolas , Nicolas ! ” and “ We will win ! ”
France on the world stage
Throughout his speech , the incumbent repeated that France had a major and unique role to play on the world stage , underlining its leadership in the international effort to topple former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi .
“ When French airplanes flew over the martyr [ Libyan rebel-held ] city of Benghazi , I knew then that France was honouring its history ” . He then demanded the opening of humanitarian aid channels in war-torn Syria , and said that Syrian “ assassins would be held accountable ” for their crimes .
Sarkozy also said that France would be intransigent when it came to protecting the security of Israel , but that it would demand with “ equal force ” a state for the Palestinian people .
Near the end of his speech , Sarkozy tackled more domestic concerns , focusing on a ban on public wearing of the full Muslim veil which he said were “ contrary to the values of the Republic . ”
The president was expected to appear shortly after his speech at the Six Nation 's Cup game pitting France against arch-rivals England . Socialist candidate Hollande and centrist candidate François Bayrou were also expected to attend the rugby match .
Hyper Void , Tiny Troopers Joint Ops , Colour Guardians , VVVVVV also inbound
Greetings , gamers . A bit of winter chill might be creeping in now December is upon us , but the PlayStation Plus monthly games are here to help heat things up . We 've got some exciting titles to keep you entertained throughout your holiday hibernation .
Here 's what you can play from 6th December :
Humour , heroics , action-packed adventure , this game has all the makings of the perfect holiday entertainment . Play as the rogue Reynardo , a pirate fox in a fateful battle against an oppressive emperor . There will be many choices to make along the perilous journey and they are not to be taken for granted , sometimes a simple task such as retrieving a weapon lost at the beginning of time can mean sacrificing the life of an old friend .
Take control of up to 10 invisible agents as you infiltrate the world 's most dangerous corporations in Klei Entertainment 's acclaimed adventure . A stealth game like no other , you 'll have to use your wits to build winning strategies as you adapt and explore a number of randomly-generated locations around the world .
Why settle for fun on just one platform when there 's more to games to get stuck into on PS3 and PS Vita . It 's games galore this winter with space battles in cross-dimensional wormholes in Hyper Void ( PS3 ) , bite-sized arcade shooter Tiny Troopers Join Ops ( PS4 , PS3 & PS Vita ) , vibrant worlds with tricky obstacles in Color Guardians ( PS4 & PS Vita ) , and notorious platformer VVVVV ( PS Vita ) .
Last chance !
The following titles are leaving PlayStation Plus on 5th November ; do n't miss out – download them now !
Community
Thanks to everyone who got involved in naming our PlayStation Plus theme bear – Bearnard .
So , we 're making a new PS4 theme & we thought you could name the featured bear . Suggestions ? We 've already had Beary McBearface rejected 💀 pic.twitter.com/cfmp2LKIAU — PlayStation Europe ( @ PlayStationEU ) November 11 , 2016
Bearnard is available to download free for all PlayStation Plus members today . Head on over to the PlayStation Store to check out this very gracious bear on a bike : Bearnard 's Season Tour .
SHARE
By of the
Saying he feared it would become a `` highly partisan affair , '' John Petersen III on Friday withdrew his nomination to the State of Wisconsin Investment Board .
Petersen told Gov . Scott Walker 's appointments aide on Friday that he was removing his name from consideration after ethical questions were raised about his past service on the board . SWIB manages $ 83.1 billion for the state retirement system , which includes state and municipal employees , public school teachers and other workers .
`` Although I looked forward to serving on the Board , I have no wish to serve under these circumstances , '' Petersen wrote in an email to Eric Esser on Friday afternoon .
Petersen told a state Senate committee on Wednesday that he was `` probably the most experienced person available '' for the position . But the five-member Senate Committee on Financial Issues and Rural Affairs , particularly Sen. Kathleen Vinehout ( D-Alma ) , grilled him about concerns a state auditor raised in 2001 when he previously served on the board .
The audit questioned what it called an `` appearance of a conflict . '' Petersen voted in 2000 to have SWIB invest $ 80 million in a business with ties to a company in which he owned stock .
Petersen , a Madison real estate developer whose son Eric is a well-connected lobbyist , was a SWIB trustee for a 10-year term ending in 2003 . Walker 's nomination of him to return to the board drew criticism from the former head of the investment board .
David Mills , SWIB 's retired executive director , said Tuesday that Petersen was `` over-involved '' in investment decisions at SWIB and was vice chairman of the board at a time when it had serious governance issues .
`` Public employees , educators , Investment Board staff and ultimately the citizens of Wisconsin will be better served with another individual with solid credentials but none of the lingering ethical and governance questions associated with John 's past tenure , '' Mills said .
Petersen owns office and apartment buildings in Madison on his own and through partnerships , and manages stock investments for his family through a family office called Inland Investment Co. Inc. , according to statements filed with the state 's Government Accountability Board . He did not return a phone message seeking comment .
SWIB trustees are paid a minimal fee , but get the prestige associated with an organization that runs the ninth biggest public pension fund in the country and the 30th biggest public or private pension fund in the world .
Sen. Julie Lassa ( D-Stevens Point ) praised Petersen 's decision , saying he was `` doing the right thing . '' Lassa said she hoped that any future nominee to the board would be qualified and knowledgeable about when it was proper to recuse himself or herself because of possible conflicts .
Vinehout said she was pleased by the news and would look forward to a new nominee .
There are many experienced investment industry people with strong emotional ties to the state who would be willing to serve as trustees , said Mark Fedenia , associate professor of finance at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and former director of the school 's Applied Securities Analysis Program , which has trained money managers and analysts who went on to work at some of the world 's biggest investment firms .
`` Nothing goes on on Wall Street without SWIB being in that loop , so you would want someone who has seen and done all those things to be putting forth policies and suggestions , '' Fedenia said . `` Those people have done it on a scale like SWIB , and you want SWIB staff to be able to draw on their experience . ''
I 've heard plenty of stories of composers becoming very good programmers ( although I do n't hear the opposite too often -- probably because of $ $ reasons ) because the two things are actually very similar to one another . I 'm a better musician than a coder , but I 've dabbled in both and see them as being very similar .
For one , most composers dabble at the piano in order to get their ideas and they both use `` keyboard interfaces '' if you can think of the two things as being similar . The piano is , in essence , a musical metaphor for what the computer has become at this point in time . They 're both highly structured , `` all-encompassing '' instruments that was created as a result of a ton of scientific research ( synthesizer included ) .
If you want to get academic , you can consider the fact that both music and software are metaphysical ideas that do n't really exist as physical entities . They 're ideas that float around in the ether that we simply copy and transfer from one another using certain mediums ( scores=paper , software=computers ) . If you want to get into this topic more , I suggest reading some of John Hugeland 's articles on the definition of `` digital '' because I think you 'll find that both music notation and software systems operate under the same principals . ( Copyable , medium-independent , etc . )
Personality-wise , composers like creating structure , much in the same way an engineer is wired to `` build things '' . What separates them from normal songwriters , singers , and performing-artists is that their motivations do n't necessarily stem from wanting to `` express themselves '' . Sometimes you can create a piece based purely on form and function where the expression of an idea is more important than conveying a certain emotion or mood .
Some composers who could potentially be considered `` musical engineers '' are Bach , Haydn , Schoenberg , Bartok , Hindemith , Glass , Reich and so on . Their music tends to be more `` impersonal '' compared to their more `` passionate '' counterparts ( Beethoven , Wagner , Debussy , etc . ) , but they tend to gain appreciation in the long run because they went through the trouble of codifying their ideas into a coherent system for later use . People are still studying Bach 's Art of Fugue for its contrapuntal writing , Shoenberg 's 12-tone system for its harmonic language , Bartok 's Mikrokosmos for how to combine folk and classical ideas together , and Reich 's `` phasing '' process is all over the place now , even on places like YouTube .
In response to the original question -- yes , there are a lot of connections between composition and software programming , but keep in mind that it 's a particular brand of music composition that comes with a certain type of style and mindset . Someone like Wagner , for example , I do n't think would 've made a very good programmer because his music was explicitly political , designed to rile up the masses in an emotional frenzy .
Santa and Mrs. Claus started the countdown .
“ Ten , nine , eight . . . ”
Children , some with painted faces and others with mouths still full of chicken nuggets and holiday cookies , sprinted toward a curtain to the right of the stage where Santa stood .
Advertisement
“ Seven , six , five . . . ”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Children , their parents , and volunteers all shouted the numbers in unison , anticipation building . “ Four , three , two . . . ”
“ One ! ” everyone screamed . The curtain parted and more than 4,000 children from homeless shelters across the city flooded into the 24th annual Christmas in the City “ Winter Wonderland , ” an area of the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center that had been transformed for the annual event , where children are given a day of holiday recreation , gifts , and food . Fake snow showered them as they skipped , jumped , and ran toward the amusement park rides , bounce houses , and ponies .
One of the founders of Christmas in the City , Jake Kennedy briefly stood between the two snowmaking jets , listening to the cheers and laughs of children . He put his hands in his pockets as his red vest collected the fake , wintry precipitation .
Christmas in the City , which is staffed entirely by volunteers , was founded by Kennedy and his wife , Sparky , in 1989 , when they threw a party for 165 homeless children in city shelters in City Hall Plaza .
Advertisement
More than 20 years later , it has grown into an event nearly 25 times bigger , helping 4,000 children and 1,800 parents from various homeless shelters , according to a statement from the organization .
“ It 's not about giving a present , ” said Kennedy . “ It 's about giving them the best day . ”
“ We want to make these kids ' dreams come true , ” said Sparky Kennedy . “ At least for one day . For one day , it 's all about them . ”
It started about 11:30 a.m. , when 150 buses brought children and families to the convention center . They were greeted by volunteers , some dressed in holiday costumes , and led to tables , where a constant supply of food was provided . Booths around the room offered dental care , medical aid including flu shots , and service dogs for kids to play with and cuddle .
“ This is my first year here , ” said Keisha Cole , 37 , who sat with her children Caleb , 9 , and Kelise , 6 . “ It 's so great . They really put time and effort in for the kids and families . ”
Advertisement
Cole said her children loved the service dogs and were very surprised by the amount of things made available to them .
‘ We want to make these kids ' dreams come true . At least for one day . For one day , it 's all about them '
Kelise said her favorite part had been the face painting and balloons . She was excited to see Santa .
“ I just want to go dance , ” she said , bobbing up and down in her chair . Music from bands and a choir blared from the main stage .
Inside the Winter Wonderland , bounce houses wobbled full of jumping kids , a duck boat parked on the floor allowed children to explore it , a real fire truck turned on its lights , and volunteers handed out fire hats .
Senator-elect Elizabeth Warren and Governor Deval Patrick visited the event , thanking the Kennedys and volunteers for their time and efforts .
About 3 p.m. , children and their families were led back to their tables where personalized presents were given to each child , along with backpacks containing hats , gloves , and scarves .
“ Ooooos '' and “ ahhhs , '' mixed with laughs and shouts of joy , could be heard across the convention center as children opened their gifts .
Michael Rodenmacher , who turned 7 on Saturday , and his mother , Crystal Anderson , 28 , sat at a table on the far side of the room . He stood happily next to his new red monster truck .
“ I think this is all awesome , ” said Anderson , who said it was her first time at the event . Her Rodenmacher said his favorite part was “ getting the toys . ”
Another 8,000 children are expected to receive gifts Monday , although the festivities will not be as intense .
“ It humbles you that so many volunteers will give up their time to make it work , ” said Kennedy . “ The demand and the need is amazing . And that grows . It 's sad that the need is out there . ”
“ But we 're not sad today , ” he said . “ Because we know kids who are 21 years old who came to this when they were 6 and they said it was the greatest day of their life and their mothers said it was the greatest day of their life , so I think the volunteers are doing the right thing . ”
Derek J. Anderson can be reached at derek.anderson @ globe.com
Trump advertising on Craigslist for rally Craigslist
CL
orlando >
community >
politics
post account
reply x prohibited [ ? ] Posted a day ago
favorite this post Enthusiastic Patriots Wanted for Rally on 2/18 ( 100 Aerospace Drive Unit 6 Melbourne , FL ) hide this posting
� craigslist - Map data � OpenStreetMap
100 Aerospace Drive
( google map )
We are looking for people to show their excitement , enthusiasm , and what makes America GREAT this weekend at a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport 's AeroMod Hangar .
The rally begins promptly at 5pm , but all are encouraged to begin arriving at 3pm .
Free tickets to the event can be found at :
https : //www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/register/melbourne-fl-2017/
For your patriotic contribution , there will be several small tents located around the premises with information about our current administration , as well as merchandise to purchase ( including t-shirts , and MAGA hats ) . Simply refer to this posting at any one of those merchandise stands and enjoy a complimentary gift or cash voucher as a gesture of appreciation for coming out to show your support .
Do n't forget to get your merchandise before the rally to show off your patriotism and show the rest of the world that we are the silent majority !
do NOT contact me with unsolicited services or offers
post id : 6005034697 posted : a day ago email to friend ♥ best of [ ? ]
� craigslist help safety privacy feedback cl jobs terms about mobile
Read more :
Source : CLorlando > community > politicspost accountreply x prohibited [ ? ] Posted a day agofavorite this post Enthusiastic Patriots Wanted for Rally on 2/18 ( 100 Aerospace Drive Unit 6 Melbourne , FL ) hide this posting� craigslist - Map data � OpenStreetMap100 Aerospace Drive ( google map ) We are looking for people to show their excitement , enthusiasm , and what makes America GREAT this weekend at a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport 's AeroMod Hangar.The rally begins promptly at 5pm , but all are encouraged to begin arriving at 3pm.Free tickets to the event can be found at : For your patriotic contribution , there will be several small tents located around the premises with information about our current administration , as well as merchandise to purchase ( including t-shirts , and MAGA hats ) . Simply refer to this posting at any one of those merchandise stands and enjoy a complimentary gift or cash voucher as a gesture of appreciation for coming out to show your support.Do n't forget to get your merchandise before the rally to show off your patriotism and show the rest of the world that we are the silent majority ! do NOT contact me with unsolicited services or offerspost id : 6005034697 posted : a day ago email to friend ♥ best of [ ? ] � craigslist help safety privacy feedback cl jobs terms about mobileRead more : https : //www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/register/melbourne-fl-2017/ 14 Tweet
The year 2016 set yet another devastating record for global warming .
Carbon dioxide levels rose more than 2 parts per million ( ppm ) for the second year in a row , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Levels rose 3 ppm to 405.1 ppm in 2016 , putting CO2 at its highest levels in over 10,000 years . This increase matched the record rise recorded in 2015 , when CO2 levels officially passed 400 ppm , which climate scientists call the “ point of no return. ” After this mark , they claim , climate change is irreversible .
“ This is a real shock to the atmosphere , ” Peter Tans , lead scientist of NOAA 's Global Greenhouse Gas Reference Network , said in a statement . “ The rate of CO2 growth over the last decade is 100 to 200 times faster than what the Earth experienced during the transition from the last Ice Age . ”
The 400 ppm level , known as the “ carbon threshold , ” was long used by scientists as a warning that once we passed this mark , the climate cycle would be thrown into turmoil . From 10,000 years ago to the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in 1760 , CO2 levels averaged around 280 ppm .
And we 'll probably never see levels drop below 400 ppm in our lifetime , according to Tans . If the world stopped burning fossil fuels right this second , the carbon dioxide would still be trapped in the atmosphere for the next few decades .
Additionally , 2016 was the hottest year ever recorded , since measurements began in 1880 . And the record-breaking temperatures have continued into 2017 , with February recording the month 's second-highest-ever temperatures across the globe .
“ The need for concerted action on climate change has never been so stark nor the stakes so high , ” David Reay , an emissions expert at the University of Edinburgh , told the Guardian .
On Tuesday , the World Meteorological Organization published its annual State of the Global Climate , noting that increasing temperatures have pushed Earth into “ truly uncharted territory . ”
This is a sub-article of child sacrifice and human sacrifice .
Aztec burial of a sacrificed child at Tlatelolco
The practice of child sacrifice in Pre-Columbian cultures , in particular Mesoamerican and South American cultures , is well documented both in the archaeological records and in written sources . The exact ideologies behind child sacrifice in different pre-Columbian cultures are unknown but it is often thought to have been performed in order to placate certain gods .
Mesoamerica [ edit ]
Olmec Culture [ edit ]
Although there is no incontrovertible evidence of child sacrifice in the Olmec civilization , full skeletons of newborn or unborn infants , as well as dismembered femurs and skulls , have been found at the El Manatí sacrificial bog . These bones are associated with sacrificial offerings , particularly wooden busts . It is not known yet how the infants met their deaths . [ 1 ]
Some researchers have also associated infant sacrifice with Olmec ritual art showing limp `` were-jaguar '' babies , most famously in La Venta 's Altar 5 ( to the right ) or Las Limas figure . Definitive answers await further findings .
Maya culture [ edit ]
In 2005 a mass grave of one- to two-year-old sacrificed children was found in the Maya region of Comalcalco . The sacrifices were apparently performed for consecration purposes when building temples at the Comalcalco acropolis . [ 2 ]
There are also skulls suggestive of child sacrifice dating to the Maya periods . Mayanists believe that , like the Aztecs , the Maya performed child sacrifice in specific circumstances . For example , infant sacrifice would occur to satisfy supernatural beings who would have eaten the souls of more powerful people . [ 3 ] In the Classic period some Maya art that depict the extraction of children 's hearts during the ascension to the throne of the new kings , or at the beginnings of the Maya calendar have been studied . [ 4 ] In one of these cases , Stela 11 in Piedras Negras , Guatemala , a sacrificed boy can be seen . Other scenes of sacrificed boys are visible on painted jars .
Teotihuacan culture [ edit ]
There is evidence of child sacrifice in Teotihuacano culture . As early as 1906 , Leopoldo Batres uncovered burials of children at the four corners of the Pyramid of the Sun . Archaeologists have found newborn skeletons associated with altars , leading some to suspect `` deliberate death by infant sacrifice '' . [ 5 ]
Toltec culture [ edit ]
In 2007 , archaeologists announced that they had analyzed the remains of 24 children , aged 5 to 15 , found buried together with a figurine of Tlaloc . The children , found near the ancient ruins of the Toltec capital of Tula , had been decapitated . The remains have been dated to AD 950 to 1150 .
`` To try and explain why there are 24 bodies grouped in the same place , well , the only way is to think that there was a human sacrifice '' , archaeologist Luis Gamboa said . [ 6 ]
Aztec culture [ edit ]
Tláloc , as shown in the late 16th century Codex Rios
Aztec religion is one of the most widely documented pre-Hispanic cultures . Diego Durán in the Book of the Gods and Rites wrote about the religious practices devoted to the water gods , Tlaloc and Chalchiuhtlicue , and a very important part of their annual ritual included the sacrifice of infants and young children .
According to Bernardino de Sahagún , the Aztecs believed that , if sacrifices were not given to Tlaloc , the rain would not come and their crops would not grow . Archaeologists have found the remains of 42 children sacrificed to Tlaloc ( and a few to Ehecátl Quetzalcóatl ) in the offerings of the Great Pyramid of Tenochtitlan . In every case , the 42 children , mostly males aged around six , were suffering from serious cavities , abscesses or bone infections that would have been painful enough to make them cry continually . Tlaloc required the tears of the young so their tears would wet the earth . As a result , if children did not cry , the priests would sometimes tear off the children 's nails before the ritual sacrifice . [ 7 ]
Fernando de Alva Cortés Ixtlilxochitl , an Aztec descendant and the author of the Codex Ixtlilxochitl , claimed that one in five children of the Mexica subjects was killed annually . These high figures have not been confirmed by historians . Hernán Cortés describes an event in his Letters :
“ And they would take their children to kill and sacrifice to their Idols . ”
In Xochimilco , the remains of a three-to-four-year-old boy were found . The skull was broken and the bones had an orange/yellowish cast , a vitreous texture , and porous and compacted tissue . Aztecs have been known to boil down remains of some sacrificed victims to remove the flesh and place the skull in the tzompantli . Archaeologists concluded that the skull was boiled and that it cracked due to the ebullition of the brain mass . Photographs of the skull have been published in specialized journals . [ 8 ]
In History of the Things of New Spain Sahagún confesses he was aghast by the fact that , during the first month of the year , the child sacrifices were approved by their own parents , who also ate their children . [ 9 ]
In the month Atlacacauallo of the Aztec calendar ( from February 2 to February 21 of the Gregorian Calendar ) children and captives were sacrificed to the water deities , Tláloc , Chalchitlicue , and Ehécatl .
In the month Tozoztontli ( from March 14 to April 2 ) children were sacrificed to Coatlicue , Tlaloc , Chalchitlicue , Tona .
In the month Hueytozoztli ( from April 3 to April 22 ) a maid ; a boy and a girl were sacrificed to Cintéotl , Chicomecacóatl , Tlaloc and Quetzalcoatl .
In the month Tepeilhuitl ( from September 30 to October 19 ) children and two noble women were sacrificed by extraction of the heart and flaying ; ritual cannibalism in honor of Tláloc-Napatecuhtli , Matlalcueye , Xochitécatl , Mayáhuel , Milnáhuatl , Napatecuhtli , Chicomecóatl , Xochiquétzal .
In the month Atemoztli ( from November 29 to December 18 ) children and slaves were sacrificed by decapitation in honor to the Tlaloques .
South America [ edit ]
Archaeologists have also uncovered physical evidence of child sacrifice at several other pre-Columbian cultures . For example , the Moche of Northern Peru sacrificed teenagers en masse , as archaeologist Steve Bourget found when he uncovered the bones of 42 male adolescents in 1995 .
Inca culture [ edit ]
Qhapaq hucha was the Inca practice of human sacrifice , mainly using children . The Incas performed child sacrifices during or after important events , such as the death of the Sapa Inca ( emperor ) or during a famine . Children were selected as sacrificial victims as they were considered to be the purest of beings . These children were also physically perfect and healthy , because they were the best the people could present to their gods . The victims may be as young as 6 and as old as 15 .
Months or even years before the sacrifice pilgrimage , the children were fattened up . Their diets were those of the elite , consisting of maize and animal proteins . They were dressed in fine clothing and jewelry and escorted to Cusco to meet the emperor where a feast was held in their honor . More than 100 precious ornaments were found to be buried with these children in the burial site .
The Incan high priests took the children to high mountaintops for sacrifice . As the journey was extremely long and arduous , especially so for the younger , coca leaves were fed to them to aid them in their breathing so as to allow them to reach the burial site alive . Upon reaching the burial site , the children were given an intoxicating drink to minimize pain , fear , and resistance . They were then killed either by strangulation , a blow to the head , or by leaving them to lose consciousness in the extreme cold and die of exposure . [ 10 ]
Early colonial Spanish missionaries wrote about this practice but only recently have archaeologists such as Johan Reinhard begun to find the bodies of these victims on Andean mountaintops , naturally mummified due to the freezing temperatures and dry windy mountain air .
Inca mummies [ edit ]
In 1995 , the body of an almost entirely frozen young Inca girl ( age 15 ) , later named Mummy Juanita , was discovered on Mount Ampato . Two more ice-preserved mummies , one girl ( age 6 ) and one boy ( age 8 ) , were discovered nearby a short while later . All showed signs of alcohol and coca leaves in their system , making them fall asleep , only to be frozen to death . The boy was the only one who showed signs of resistance , due to his hands and feet being tied up . It is also speculated that he might have died from suffocation , as vomit and blood were found on his clothing .
In 1999 , near Llullaillaco 's 6739 meter summit , an Argentine-Peruvian expedition found the perfectly preserved bodies of three Inca children , sacrificed approximately 500 years earlier , [ 11 ] including a 15-year-old girl , nicknamed `` La doncella '' ( the maiden ) , a seven-year-old boy , and a six-year-old girl , nicknamed `` La niña del rayo '' ( the lightning girl ) . The latter 's nickname reflects the fact that sometime during the 500-years on the summit , the preserved body was struck by lightning , partially burning it and some of the ceremonial artifacts . The three mummies are exhibited in rotating fashion at the Museum of High Altitude Archaeology , specially built for them in Salta , Argentina . [ 12 ]
Scientific investigation suggests some child victims were drugged with ethanol and coca leaves during the time before their deaths . [ 13 ]
Timoto-Cuicas culture [ edit ]
The Timoto-Cuicas worshiped idols of stone and clay , built temples , and offered human sacrifices . Until colonial times , children were sacrificed secretly in Laguna de Urao , ( Mérida ) . This was chronicled by Juan de Castellanos , who described the feasts and human sacrifices that were done in honour of Icaque , an Andean prehispanic goddess . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
North America [ edit ]
Mound 72 at the Mississippian culture site of Cahokia , directly across the Mississippi River from modern St. Louis , Missouri , contained the remains of `` scores of clearly sacrificed female retainers '' as well as four headless and handless male skeletons . The roughly contemporaneous site of Dickson Mounds , some 100 miles ( 150 km ) to the north , also contained a mass grave with four headless male skeletons . [ 16 ]
The Pawnee practiced an annual Morning Star ceremony , which included the sacrifice of a young girl . Though the ritual continued , the sacrifice was discontinued in the 19th century .
The Iroquois are said to have occasionally sent a maiden to the Great Spirit . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The Russian-speaking eastern industrial city of Dnipropetrovsk is just 150 miles from the separatist capital of the Donetsk People 's Republic . Yet , in strong contrast to war-torn Donetsk , it is quiet and peaceful , “ calm as a cemetery , ” says a taxi driver on the ride into town from the train station . Dubbed the “ Lviv of the East ” by the Ukrainian press , the city has instead seen a resurgence of patriotism in the last months . Ukrainian flags fly from balconies , some residents have painted their cars in national colors , and a supersize blue-and-yellow Ukrainian trident graces the entire side of a multi-story building on the Dnieper river .
The pro-Ukrainian revanche in this key swing city in eastern Ukraine has been made possible by the brash tactics of the region 's new governor , Igor Kolomoisky , an oligarch who also owns PrivatBank , the nation 's largest bank . Since being appointed governor by the transitional Kiev government in March , Kolomoisky moved swiftly to snip separatist sentiments in the bud . The leaders of the 1,500-strong pro-Russian demonstrations in the city center were quickly appeased with offers of more patriotic education , protection of Communist-era monuments , and promises of more power sharing with Kiev .
Meanwhile , Kolomoisky 's bank also offered a highly publicized reward of $ 10,000 for the capture of pro-Russian separatists . The pro-Russian demonstrations swiftly dwindled in number , until none were being organized . Hard-core Moscow supporters like Oleg Tsarev , a local parliament member , were chased out of town with bounties their heads . With a $ 500,000 reward being offered by PrivatBank for Tsarev 's capture , he has decided to cool his heels in Moscow . His palatial residence in the center of the city has been taken over by the government and turned into a refugee center for displaced citizens from the East .
“ Dnipropetrovsk will become a Second Stalingrad for those who want war here . And the Ukrainians will win , ” threatened Deputy Governor Gennady Korban on local television .
While these bold initiatives have stanched the separatist threat for now , Kolomoisky is not taking any chances . He has also spent over $ 10 million creating his own citizen militia , the Dnipro Battalion , which has been supplied with SUVs , semi-automatics , and new uniforms . The governor 's private army has set up armed checkpoints around the city , and now controls traffic into and out of the city . It also makes forays into separatist territory , and was reportedly behind the separatist massacre in nearby Mariupol after pro-Russians took control of a police station . The entire station was burned down , along with those inside .
While these strong-arm tactics have been criticized by some , the governor enjoys strong support from the local population . “ I do n't care if he 's like Hitler , as long as he prevents war coming here , ” says a local restaurateur . With more refugees from the troubled East arriving every day , and ominous reports of war dominating the news , residents are counting their blessings and hoping that their city stays unscathed .
“ Julia Timoshenko [ former prime minister and presidential candidate ] was our local hero . Now it 's Kolomoisky , no question about it , ” says Tsenia Tokaruik , a journalist with the Evening Dnipropetrovsk , which won an award last week for the country 's best regional paper .
It 's interesting that Kolomoisky himself is Jewish , putting the lie to the Kremlin 's propaganda about the “ fascists and neo-Nazis ” behind the revolution in Kiev . Although not openly religious , he was instrumental in building Menorah , a seven-towered Jewish community center in Dnipropetrovsk , said to be the largest in the world . The city is home to Ukraine 's largest Jewish community , which has spawned many of the country 's prominent oligarchs , including Victor Pinchuk . Residents are quick to point out the city 's multi-cultural nature to visiting journalists like myself , counting Georgians , Armenians , Turks , and others among its citizens .
It 's possibly this culture of tolerance—along with Kolomoisky 's gung-ho tactics—that has saved this city from the fate of its eastern neighbors . However , the spraying of an incoming train from Donetsk with machine gun fire last week , and the fatal stabbing of a pro-Ukrainian in the center of the city , have jangled nerves . Many fear that Kolomoisky , who has boldly called Putin a “ schizophrenic of short stature , ” might suffer the same fate as Kharkiv 's former mayor , Gennady Kernes , who was shot in the back while out for a swim .
“ He has to tread very carefully , ” says Tokaruik . “ There are still many pro-Russians amongst us . The situation could change for the worse in the blink of an eye . ”
Former Chelsea defender Dan Petrescu says he would not be able to turn down the chance to one day return to Stamford Bridge as manager .
The former Romania international , 46 , is the current boss of Dinamo Moscow , where he is contracted until 2015 .
Petrescu rejected the chance to take charge of Crystal Palace last November .
Petrescu in profile Petrescu joined Chelsea in 1995 , making 152 appearances and scoring 17 goals
He was the first overseas player to reach 100 appearances for the Blues
`` I have a contract with Dynamo and I have to respect that . If one day Chelsea came along , I could not turn it down , '' he told BBC World Service .
Petrescu was part of the Chelsea team that won the FA Cup , League Cup and Uefa Super Cup in the 1990s .
He retired in 2003 and has gone on to enjoy success as a manager , winning domestic titles in Russia and Romania .
`` My memories are only fantastic from Chelsea after five years there , winning so many trophies , being with great players and fantastic fans , '' he added .
`` I have a daughter who is named Chelsea . It was everything for me . It was the best time in my life as a football player , this is for sure . ''
Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish had explored the possibility of offering Petrescu the chance to return to England , before opting to appoint Tony Pulis as manager .
`` I was very close but I have a contract and I have to respect that , '' said Petrescu .
`` Crystal Palace was a good opportunity for me and I hope there will be another opportunity to manage in England , especially in London . ''
The reason for the collapse of Mayan civilisation has been hotly debated , but now scientists claim they have an answer - climate change .
Researchers believe that hot weather made the Mayans more aggressive and therefore likely to fight one another .
As crops failed due to the rising temperatures leaders waged war for power which lit the fuse of their eventual demise around 900 AD , the study says .
Scroll down for video
A team of researchers has found a link between temperature increase and growing conflicts among the Maya in the lowlands of the Yucatán Peninsula . Pictured are reconstructions of frescoes found in an ancient Bonampak archaeological site in the Mexican state of Chiapas
WHAT DID THEY FIND Researchers catalogued inscriptions related to violence on stone monuments and compared them to temperature and rainfall records for the lowlands of the Yucatán Peninsula , which includes mordern-day Mexico , Guatemala and Belize . They studied the change in conflict levels between 350 and 900 AD Researchers found a total of 144 different conflicts in more than 30 major centres . The number of conflicts increased from zero to three every 25 years in the first two centuries to 24 conflicts every 25 years near the end of the period . The conflict could be explained by rising temperatures .
With crops levels low Mayan leaders could no longer rely on brash festivals or building projects to keep their sujects happy .
So they resorted to power struggles and war instead which finished the mysterious civilisation off .
Maya civilisation thrived for more than 2,000 years with its heyday being 300 to 900 AD .
They built the earliest cities and created the first writing systems in the Americas .
For hundreds of years the Mayas dominated large parts of the Americas until , mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD , a large chunk of the Maya civilisation collapsed .
Researchers catalogued inscriptions related to violence on stone monuments and compared them to temperature and rainfall records for the lowlands of the Yucatán Peninsula , which includes mordern-day Mexico , Guatemala and Belize .
Researchers found a total of 144 different conflicts in more than 30 major centres , according to Seeker .
'The change in conflict levels between 350 and 900 AD was considerable , ' they wrote in the paper , which is published in Quaternary Science Reviews .
The Maya built famous pyramids such as the Kukulkan pyramid ( pictured ) at the Chichen Itza archaeological park . Researchers found a total of 144 different conflicts in 30 major centres
HEAT AND CONFLICT Conflict could not be explained by drought but rather by hot weather , which experts say works in two ways . One is psychological - several studies suggest hot weather might have made the Maya more aggressive . The second is economic - as temperature rose above 30°C ( 86°F ) crops failed more frequently which in turn led to conflict . As crop yields decreased a ruler could no longer rely on opulent festivals and building projects to maintain support and so would have resorted to war to maintain power , experts believe .
'We found that there was a substantial increase in conflict in the approximately 500 years covered by the dataset .
'The number of conflicts increased from zero to three every 25 years in the first two centuries to 24 conflicts every 25 years near the end of the period . '
Conflict could not be explained by drought but rather by hot weather , which experts say works in two ways .
One is psychological - several studies suggest hot weather might have made the Maya more aggressive .
The second is economic - as temperature rose above 30°C ( 86°F ) crops failed more frequently which in turn led to conflict .
'Instead , it 's probably better to consider the increase in warfare in a way that we often think about warfare today — namely as a tool for the elite to maintain support , ' said co-author Professor Mark Collard , an archaeologist at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland .
As crop yields decreased a ruler could no longer rely on opulent festivals and building projects to maintain support and so would have resorted to war to maintain power , experts believe .
Researchers catalogued inscriptions related to violence on stone monuments and compared them to temperature and rainfall records for the lowlands of the Yucatán Peninsula , which includes mordern-day Mexico , Guatemala and Belize
THE MAYAN CIVILISATION AND THE STARS Mayan civilisation thrived for more than 2,000 years with its heyday being 300 to 900 AD . During that time , the ancient people built incredible cities using advanced machinery and gained an understanding of astronomy , as well as developing advanced agricultural methods and accurate calendars . The Maya believed the cosmos shaped their everyday lives and they used astrological cycles to tell when to plant crops and set their calendars . This has led to theories that the Maya may have chosen to locate their cities in line with the stars . It is already known that the pyramid at Chichen Itza was built according to the sun 's location during the spring and autumn equinoxes . When the sun sets on these two days , the pyramid casts a shadow on itself that aligns with a carving of the head of the Mayan serpent god . The shadow makes the serpent 's body so that as the sun sets , the terrifying god appears to slide towards the earth .
The study has implications for debates about contemporary climate change - and whether we can learn important lessons from what happened to the Maya .
Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse , from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion .
'Most obviously , we need to know whether the effect is a regional one , specific to the Maya area , or one that holds for other parts of the world , ' Professor Collard said .
The Mayans built incredible cities using advanced machinery and gained an understanding of astronomy , as well as developing advanced agricultural methods and accurate calendars .
The Maya believed the cosmos shaped their everyday lives and they used astrological cycles to tell when to plant crops and set their calendars .
It 's `` red alert '' time on healthcare , according to one observer , amid reports that some congressional Republicans think they have a deal—and it 's even worse than the last one ( which was itself crueler than its predecessor ) .
The Huffington Post reported Wednesday :
The deal , brokered between House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows ( R-N.C. ) and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur ( R-N.J. ) , would allow states to get waivers eliminating the so-called community rating provision—the rule that prohibits insurers from charging higher premiums to people with pre-existing conditions . In order to obtain the waiver , states would have to participate in a federal high-risk pool or establish their own , and satisfy some other conditions .
In exchange for that conservative concession , the amendment would reinstate the Essential Health Benefits that were already taken out of the bill—though , again , states could waive those provisions as well if they were able to show that doing so would lower premiums , increase the number of people insured , or `` advance another benefit to the public interest in the state . ''
The plan `` effectively allows states to eliminate the [ Affordable Care Act , or ACA ] 's guarantee of access to insurance at a reasonable price for people with pre-existing conditions , in the interest of lowering premiums for people who are healthy , '' Larry Levitt , senior vice president at the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , told the publication upon seeing a description of the proposal . `` It seems to tilt heavily towards what the Freedom Caucus has been looking for . ''
HuffPo reporters Matt Fuller and Jonathan Cohn note that such provisions could alienate moderate Republicans ; the caucus will reportedly discuss the amendment ( Politico has a copy here ) on a conference call this Saturday .
But there 's political pressure coming from another direction , too , which could influence these talks .
CNN reported Wednesday that some members of the Trump administration are hoping for a win on healthcare before the president reaches his 100-day milestone .
Of the Meadows-MacArthur deal , a senior GOP aide told CNN : `` Longshot at best . But the White House clearly wants it . ''
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Indeed , President Donald Trump himself told Wisconsin 's WTMJ on Tuesday , `` We are going to have a big win soon , because we are going to have healthcare and that 's gon na happen . And there was no lose with healthcare , this is just a constant negotiation and the plan is getting better and better all the time . ''
On Wednesday , Vice President Mike Pence added to CNN 's Dana Bash , `` I 'm very confident that in the days ahead , we 're going to see the Congress come together and we 're going to take that important first step to repeal and replace Obamacare with the kind of healthcare plan President Trump has envisioned . ''
In turn , the resistance movement is urging its members to `` flood the phones '' and use the remaining days of the congressional recess to pressure lawmakers to reject any TrumpCare revision that would cause coverage losses or premium increases for those with pre-existing conditions—which at least one analysis shows the new deal would clearly do .
The Center for American Progress said Thursday that under the compromise plan , premiums could spike a whopping $ 71,000 for people with lung cancer , $ 28,000 for breast cancer patients , and $ 5,500 for those with diabetes .
RED ALERT : This is not a drill . Republicans may have a deal . Today and tomorrow are absolutely critical . FLOOD THE PHONES : 866-426-2631. https : //t.co/kqYbUTLd9z — Topher Spiro ( @ TopherSpiro ) April 20 , 2017
Stop what you 're doing and tell your MoC to leave TrumpCare in the garbage where it belongs . https : //t.co/o4tGPKzsHU — Indivisible Guide ( @ IndivisibleTeam ) April 20 , 2017
And do n't forget , Greg Sargent wrote Thursday for the Washington Post , `` the new GOP plan would keep in place the old plan 's phase-out of the Medicaid expansion , which would itself result in 14 million fewer people on Medicaid , according to the Congressional Budget Office . ''
`` You 'd think that this , plus the gutting of protections for pre-existing conditions , would render the new plan toxic for GOP moderates who , in rejecting the old plan , have confirmed that they are not willing to embrace a massively regressive plan that would push tens of millions of poor and sick people off coverage while delivering an enormous tax cut to the rich , '' he wrote . `` Of course , the need to give Trump a fake achievement to tout is also an urgent matter , so who knows what they 'll do . ''
A large number of Twitter accounts , including international aid organizations , news agencies and political entities , have seemingly been hacked by a group supporting the Turkish government .
The tweets include a swastika , as well as the hashtags ‘ Nazialmanya ' ( NaziGermany ) and and ‘ Nazihollanda ' ( NaziHolland ) , presumabley referring to the increasing diplomatic tension between Holland and Turkey .
“ See you on April 16 , '' the tweets read , which is the date of Turkey 's referendum to grant more powers to Erdoğan , while also referring to the hack being a “ little Ottoman slap . ''
The tweets also link to a YouTube video uploaded on March 14 , which includes a number of clips of Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
READ MORE : Turkey 's Erdoğan calls Netherlands 'rotten , terrorist state '
It 's unclear at this stage who is behind the hack or exactly how many accounts have been affected . According to Bloomberg , Reuters Japan , Forbes , BBC North America and German newspaper Die Welt were spammed , as well as accounts associated with the Mayor of Bordeaux , Alain Juppe , Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure and the European Parliament .
RT 's Spanish account was also hacked .
'Hackean ' el Twitter de RT en Español y otros medios con declaraciones antieuropeas de Erdoğan https : //t.co/L1l2bWk0EEpic.twitter.com/3f3PhAMCf0 — RT en Español ( @ ActualidadRT ) March 15 , 2017
A Twitter spokesperson said they “ are aware of an issue affecting a number of account holders this morning . ”
The company “ quickly located the source which was limited to [ a ] third party app ” and “ removed its permissions immediately . ”
It 's understood that third party service Twitter Counter – which allows Twitter users to track stats , followers and hashtags – has been hacked and the accounts of its users spammed .
Twitter Counter tweeted that an investigation in underway .
“ We 're aware that our service was hacked and have started an investigation into the matter , ” it said . “ We 've already taken measures to contain such abuse . ”
We 're aware that our service was hacked and have started an investigation into the matter.We 've already taken measures to contain such abuse — TheCounter ( @ thecounter ) March 15 , 2017
“ One thing is important to note – we do not store users ' Twitter account credentials ( passwords ) nor credit card information , ” it added .
One thing is important to note - we do not store users ' Twitter account credentials ( passwords ) nor credit card information . — TheCounter ( @ thecounter ) March 15 , 2017
So twitter counter is the service that got hacked which is why everyone is tweeting swastikas pic.twitter.com/ty68jLPUBB — fake news lover ( @ dannolan ) March 15 , 2017
In November , a number of accounts including those of PlayStation , The New Yorker , Lionel Messi , Microsoft Xbox and the Red Cross were hacked with tweets advertising ways to garner more followers . The tweets had been posted via Twitter Counter , Engadget reported . About 2 million users were said to have been affected .
We can confirm that our service has been hacked ; allowing posts on behalf of our users ! We have launched an investigation into this matter . — TheCounter ( @ thecounter ) November 19 , 2016
A number of accounts said to have been hacked have since regained control of their accounts and deleted the tweets . BBC North America tweeted , “ Hi everyone – we temporarily lost control of this account , but normal service has resumed . Thanks . ”
Hi everyone - we temporarily lost control of this account , but normal service has resumed . Thanks . — BBC North America ( @ BBCNorthAmerica ) March 15 , 2017
Twitter Counter owner Boris Veldhuijzen van Zanten confirmed to Engadget that Twitter Counter is working to resolve the issue . The tweets appear to have stopped , although many remain on the hacked accounts .
Mines and Geosciences Bureau chief Mario Luis Jacinto says they will 'definitely stick to the implementation of the applicable laws , rules , and regulations ' on mining
Published 10:03 AM , May 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Former environment secretary Gina Lopez has one last message for Mines and Geosciences Bureau ( MGB ) Director Mario Luis Jacinto .
`` Louie , I forgive you , but if you allow any irresponsible mine , I will personally shoot you . You do n't allow any suffering , do you understand ? '' Lopez told Jacinto during her last message to Department of Environment and Natural Resources ( DENR ) officials on Wednesday , May 10 .
In an earlier dzMM interview , Lopez tagged Jacinto as `` the worst '' MGB chief who is `` not good at all and he just does n't come to the meetings . ''
On Wednesday , Lopez again called out Jacinto for not answering her texts and emails .
`` Louie , if you side with the mining companies and not the people , I 'll really shoot you . Your first allegiance is to the community , do you understand ? ''
In a chance interview with reporters , Jacinto refused to comment on Lopez 's claim that he does n't answer her calls and texts , but he said the two of them are `` okay . ''
Asked about his recommendations to Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu when it comes to mining , Jacinto answered : `` We will definitely stick to the implementation of the applicable laws , rules , and regulations , and the efforts should be making sure that those who are granted the permits should be compliant , because that is the way to go . ''
He said government must be transparent to stakeholders , including local government units and communities near mining sites .
`` [ Mining ] is allowed by law , but [ mining companies ] have to comply with the requirements and the conditions especially with regards to environmental compliance , '' Jacinto added .
Cimatu , a former ambassador and former chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines , was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte as DENR secretary on Monday , May 8 . ( READ : How Cimatu found out he will be DENR chief )
He replaces Lopez , whose ad interim appointment was rejected by the Commission on Appointments last May 3 . – Rappler.com
Religious groups around the world are taking note of what some are calling a historic event at the National Cathedral . Five Muslim groups held traditional Friday prayers at the Cathedral . But as News4 's Kristin Wright reports , not everyone is celebrating the move . ( Published Friday , Nov. 14 , 2014 )
A Muslim prayer service being held at the Washington National Cathedral for the first time was briefly disrupted by a protester Friday afternoon .
`` Jesus Christ died on that cross over there ! '' a woman said loudly , immediately after beginning announcements were made . `` He is the reason why we are to worship only him . Jesus Christ is our lord and savior ! ''
As she spoke , a man attempted to touch her arm , but she moved away from him several times .
She continued in a loud voice , `` We have built , and allowed you here in mosques across this country . Why ca n't you worship in your mosque , and leave our churches alone ? ''
RAW VIDEO : Protester Interrupts Muslim Service
A protester interrupted a Muslim prayer service at the National Cathedral Friday morning . ( Published Friday , Nov. 14 , 2014 )
The protester was then escorted out of the cathedral , News4 's Kristin Wright reported . She allowed two men to remove her without incident , but she raised her voice again once she was taken to an adjoining space .
The historic cathedral held Friday 's service to help foster more understanding and acceptance between Christians and Muslims around the world .
Muslims pray at first Muslim Friday Prayer service at National Cathedral @ nbcwashingtonpic.twitter.com/CoBYrKv7Nm — Kristin Wright ( @ kwrightnbc4 ) November 14 , 2014
The prominent Episcopal cathedral often hosts national events , such as presidential funerals , and has hosted Muslims at various interfaith services in the past . But planners said this is the first time the cathedral has invited Muslims to lead their own prayers there , which they call a `` powerful symbolic gesture . ''
Planners said the prayer service developed after the cathedral 's liturgical director met South African Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool while planning the national memorial service for Nelson Mandela , the former president of South Africa .
National Cathedral invited five Muslim groups to pray . First Muslim Friday Prayers at Cathedral # historicpic.twitter.com/sxopbMF86I — Kristin Wright ( @ kwrightnbc4 ) November 14 , 2014
In a statement , Rasool said , `` This is a dramatic moment in the world and in Muslim-Christian relations . ''
In advance of the prayer service , Franklin Graham -- son of evangelist Billy Graham -- criticized the decision on Facebook .
Copyright Associated Press
`` It was a bit of a piece of luck '' : Graham Pearson with the first terrestrial sample of ringwoodite ever found . Credit : Richard Siemens/University of Alberta The evidence comes from a water-loving mineral called ringwoodite that came from the so-called transition zone sandwiched between the upper and lower layers of Earth 's mantle , they said . Analysis shows a whopping 1.5 per cent of the rock comprises molecules of water . The find backs once-contested theories that the transition zone , or at least significant parts of it , is water-rich , the investigators said . `` This sample really provides extremely strong confirmation that there are local wet spots deep in the Earth in this area , '' said Graham Pearson of Canada 's University of Alberta , who led the research .
The brown diamond that yielded the ringwoodite sample . Credit : Richard Siemens/University of Alberta `` That particular zone in the Earth , the transition zone , might have as much water as all the world 's oceans put together . '' Ringwoodite is named after Australian geologist Ted Ringwood , who theorised that a special mineral was bound to be created in the transition zone because of the ultra-high pressures and temperatures there . The sea under the Earth 's surface as illustrated by Edouard Riou in Jules Verne 's Journey to the Centre of the Earth . A piece of this mineral has been a long-sought goal . It would resolve a long-running debate about whether the poorly-understood transition zone is bone-dry or water-rich .
But until now , ringwoodite has only ever been found in meteorites . Geologists had simply been unable to delve deep enough to find any sample on Earth . That particular zone in the Earth , the transition zone , might have as much water as all the world 's oceans put together . Graham Pearson , University of Alberta Good fortune , though , changed all this . In 2008 , amateur gem-hunters digging in shallow river gravel in the Juina area of Mato Grasso , Brazil , came across a tiny , grubby stone called a brown diamond . Measuring just three millimetres across and commercially worthless , the stone was acquired by the scientists when they were on a quest for other minerals .
But the accidental acquisition turned out to be a bonanza . In its interior , they found a microscopic trace of ringwoodite – the very first terrestrial evidence of the ultra-rare rock . `` It 's so small , this inclusion , it 's extremely difficult to find , never mind work on , '' Pearson said , paying tribute to the diligent work of grad student John McNeill . `` It was a bit of a piece of luck , this discovery , as are many scientific discoveries . '' The team theorise the brown diamond rocketed to the surface during a volcanic eruption , hitchhiking in a stream of kimberlite , the deepest of all volcanic rocks .
Years of analysis , using spectroscopy and X-ray diffraction , were needed in specialised labs to confirm the find officially as ringwoodite . Scientists have debated for decades about whether the transition zone has water , and if so , how much there might be . None , though , has embraced Verne 's fancy of a subterranean sea with a rocky coastline dotted with forests of giant mushrooms and petrified trees . Hans Keppler , a geologist at the University of Bayreuth in Germany , cautioned against extrapolating the size of the subterranean water find from a single sample of ringwoodite . He also said the water was likely to be locked up in specific rocks , in a molecular form called hydroxyl .
`` In some ways it is an ocean in Earth 's interior , as visualised by Jules Verne ... although not in the form of liquid water , '' Keppler said in a commentary also published by Nature . The implications of the discovery are profound , Pearson suggested . If water exists in huge volumes beneath Earth 's crust , it is bound to have a big impact on the mechanics of volcanoes and the movement of tectonic plates . `` One of the reasons the Earth is such a dynamic planet is the presence of some water in its interior , '' Pearson said . `` Water changes everything about the way a planet works . '' AFP
By RODNEY HO/ rho @ ajc.com , originally filed Tuesday , June 23 , 2015
NeNe Leakes ' oldest son Bryson Bryant was arrested last week in Douglas , GA in connection with a check forgery case .
Bryant , 25 of Duluth , was not charged with check forgery . He had a fake check written to him , but he had n't cashed it yet so he could n't be charged for that , according to Coffee County investigator Robert Sprinkle . Bryant was arrested only because he provided the cops with a false name , a misdemeanor .
On Tuesday , June 16 , investigators made two arrests involving fraudulent payroll checked passed throughout the state , with more than $ 35,000 tracked . The Douglas Police Department saw an individual at a local McDonald 's with a laptop and printer making fraudulent Taco Bell payroll checks . That man , Inginac Walter Theodore of Athens was arrested on five felony counts for printing fraudulent checks .
The police said Bryant was in the vehicle and lied about who he was . Bryant 's ID was found with Theodore .
Bryant was arrested and released on bond . Theodore remains at the Coffee County jail , Sprinkle said .
According to booking information , Bryant is married and works at Five Guys . RadarOnline said Bryant has a couple of children with Ashley Hill .
UPDATE July 9 : On a Facebook exchange someone noticed recently , a person who is supposedly Bryant claimed he only gave a false name because he thought he had outstanding warrants . He said he had nothing to do with the check fraud deal .
Bryant facebook item
He has been charged with various minor infractions in his adult life . He was arrested in 2010 in Gwinnett County for a small pot possession charge .
In 2011 , he was arrested for shoplifting two Mach 3 razors at a Wal-Mart .
The rest of this comes from Radaronline :
In 2013 , he was arrested for DUI after a car accident , then for reckless driving later in the year in Johns Creek .
While on probation , Bryant failed to report to his probation officer multiple times , tested for cocaine and skipped mandatory DUI school . As a result , Radaronline said he spent three months last fall in prison . He was also ordered into rehab earlier this year .
Bryant appeared in a few episodes of `` Real Housewives of Atlanta '' in the early years of the show and his troubles would occasionally be referenced or alluded to . But he has not appeared or been referenced for quite a while .
The reality show is in pre-production for season eight .
A Iraqi war veteran and self-proclaimed fitness motivator has gone viral for his video message to overweight people posted yesterday . Unfortunately , it 's because he spent five minutes calling them lazy , repulsive , and basically a blight to society .
John Burk , currently an instructor at the Ft. Stewart Noncommissioned Officers Academy , according to his Facebook page , moonlights as a motivational speaker on social media , with video and picture manifestos on fitness layered through his Facebook , Instagram , and YouTube feeds .
This latest video , posted on his public page 's wall and elsewhere , has amassed over five million views . “ Your personality might be beautiful , but your body is not , ” said Burk in the video . “ It is not OK to be overweight . ”
Though Burk takes time to discuss issues like the fast food industry and dutifully mentions that his video is n't intended for those suffering from thyroid issues , the majority of his rant is aimed at decrying the excuses people make in order to stay obese . “ It 's just sheer laziness , ” he said .
Burk especially turns his ire at overweight and obese parents for not taking “ an active role ” in their children 's lives and being the cause of their obesity . And he spares little sympathy for children who are bullied about their weight .
“ And then you 're going to wonder why your children are getting made fun of in school . Yeah , that 's a fact of life , people . Bullying is out there , there are bullies out there . Who are they going to go for first ? Overweight kids , ” Burk said . “ That 's just how life is . ”
While there 's plenty to criticize about his rant , especially the idea that even regular diet and exercise will do much to drastically lower people 's weight for a sustained time , perhaps the biggest howler is said in the first few seconds of the video . “ Scientific studies have shown that it is not healthy to be overweight . There 's nothing good about it . ”
While Burk is right to note that excess weight has been linked to cardiovascular disease and diabetes , it 's hardly a set destiny . And several scientific studies have shown that weight alone is a poor indicator of future health issues . A 2013 meta-analysis concluded that fitness level was a better predictor of early death than BMI , with the overweight and fit having similar mortality rates to the thin and fit .
And Burk 's shrieking admonition of overweight people not working out enough is predicated on the vacant idea that exercise will make you appreciably thinner ; since according to his logic , the only reason they 're fat is because they do n't . A healthy dieting and active lifestyle will do wonders for longevity , but for the majority of people , it will only lower their weight by a few pounds , if at all — no matter how much Burk yells at you . Burk 's belief , shared unfortunately by many people , only serves to motivate people into stopping those lifestyle changes when they do n't magically drop 15 pounds .
Obesity is a serious health issue , but it 's decidedly not one that can be solved by mean-spirited and inaccurate slogans . And despite Burk 's insistence that he 's not “ fat-shaming , ” it 's hard to see how his swear-filled rant is anything but .
The timing of last week 's unexpected fight in Congress over the Confederate flag could not have been much worse for congressional Republicans . If GOP leaders do n't get a handle on the issue soon , the debate could undermine their position on their major agenda issues , particularly in the high stakes budget battle expected this fall .
Their plan was to strengthen their position in the budget standoff by passing a series of conservative spending bills to show that they could govern and to put negotiating pressure on Obama and Democrats in the budget process . But with the standoff over the Confederate flag , none of the spending bills are going anywhere immediately . That has created a roadblock with no clear way around it for Republicans , all due to the party 's reluctance to abandon the flag entirely .
The way the Confederate flag has been injected into and stalled the budget process says as much about the increasingly bitter budget process as it does about the larger issues of race and “ heritage. ” It 's not that race and competing versions of history are n't at stake . They still are . But the budget process itself was ripe for something like this to derail it .
According to Norman Ornstein , a congressional scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute , this is a problem of the Republicans ' making , as the GOP has sacrificed what was once a bipartisan process in passing spending bills , by pushing spending proposals filled with provisions deliberately toxic to Democrats and President Obama .
“ That leaves Boehner in a very tough position in getting the bills through the House , ” Ornstein explained in an interview with TPM , as the speaker must keep on board hardcore Tea Party Republicans who would oppose almost any spending bill that does n't entirely demolish domestic programs .
“ What it means is he has to accommodate people he would really rather not accommodate . And what happened in this case of course he did n't have the votes and several southern Republicans basically said , ‘ You want our votes ? You 're going to have to do something on the Confederate flag . ' ”
In this case , the votes Boehner needed was on the Interior Department spending bill . Just a week ago , it looked on track to pass the House . It included Democratic amendments banning the flag on certain federal lands , seemingly aligned with the national shift on the symbol since a white supremacist allegedly took the lives of nine African Americans in a historic black church in Charleston , S.C. Those restrictions were added with no controversy and passed by a voice vote last Tuesday . Members of both parties were shocked , however , when the House GOP leadership made an effort late the next night to reverse those Democratic measures . The backlash was so immediate and intense that Republicans were forced to withdraw the Interior spending bill from the floor .
Democrats accused Republicans of using the Confederate flag ban reversal to assuage hard righters who would have preferred that the Interior bill dismantled the EPA entirely . House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers ( R-KY ) admitted keeping the anti-Confederate flag language could have cost them 100 Republican votes on the bill .
Not only is the fate of the Interior spending bill now in jeopardy , but Rogers said that the flag debate “ could be a problem ” for his plans to pass 12 appropriations bills this summer , according to Politico . The appropriations process has been ground to a halt , Politico reported , until GOP leadership decides how to handle the issue .
Seizing the political opportunity , Democrats upped the stakes , demanding that they be given a vote on a measure that would remove Confederate symbols including the Mississippi state flag from the U.S. Capitol . Rep. Bennie Thompson ( D-MS ) first introduced the measure last month and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) brought a similar motion during Thursday 's fallout . Both were referred to committee , where they are not expected to see much action .
“ It remains our hope that they will be able to deal with those resolutions in an expeditious manner , ” Drew Hammill , a Pelosi spokesman , said .
So far , the only evidence of any reach across the aisle on the issue was a private huddle between McCarthy and Rep. John Lewis ( D-GA ) , one of the chief flag critics , that was a reported on by the AP and others . Lewis later said that there was n't any discussion of a formal working group to address the flag issue , and if there was , he would n't join it .
“ I do n't want to volunteer myself for anything . … I have enough work to do , ” Lewis said , according to the Hill .
The alternative is that Democrats could continue to use the amendment process to put Republicans on the spot on the issue .
“ Of course House Democrats are not going to let this issue go , because it 's the right thing to do , ” said Rep. Jared Huffman ( D-CA ) , according to the AP . He rejected the idea that more “ discussion ” was needed .
“ I think the Republicans should just tear off the Band-Aid here and get on with this , ” Huffman , who sponsored one of the initial measures to remove the flag from federal grounds . “ A few of their members are going to vote in support of the Confederate battle flag , I think we all know that now , but the overwhelming majority of the House is going to do the right thing . ”
“ They 're now at a point that if they ca n't bring these bills to the floor because Democrats will offer these embarrassing amendments , ” Ornstein said .
“ It suddenly became a much different symbol then it had been , where it was a despised symbol but it had n't become a national focal part , ” Ornstein said . “ The second part is the colossal tone deafness of the Republicans in the House in not realizing what a firestorm this would create . Or if they did realize it , feeling that they were caught in box canyon because of the way they approached the spending issue in the first place . ”
New Faceware Live plugin brings instant , real-time facial animation to Unreal Engine users .
Los Angeles , Calif. - Faceware Technologies , the leading provider of markerless 3D facial motion capture solutions , today announced the launch of the Faceware Live plugin for Epic Games ' Unreal Engine 4 . The new integration will enable UE4 developers to capture facial movements with any camera and instantly apply those movements to characters in the Unreal Engine . Those interested in the plugin can get more information from Faceware 's website or by visiting Faceware at SIGGRAPH 2015 ( booth # 753 ) .
“ Faceware Technologies has a long history of creating some of the most iconic and realistic faces in games and films , ” said Peter Busch , vice president of business development at Faceware Technologies , “ while Epic 's Unreal Engine is known for helping create some of the best-selling games ever . Integrating our real-time technology with their premier game engine was just a natural fit . ”
The new Faceware Live plugin works like this : Unreal Engine users capture an actor 's facial movements using any video source , such as an onboard computer video or webcam , the Faceware Pro HD Headcam System , or any other video capture device . That captured movement data is then streamed instantly into the Unreal Engine to drive a character 's facial animation in real time . The facial movements display in real time via the Unreal Persona animation system .
The plugin was co-developed by Australia 's Opaque Multimedia ( the company behind the Kinect 4 Unreal plugin , the UE4 integration with the Microsoft Kinect 2 sensor ) and is ideal for quickly generating facial animation for animatics in the pre-viz process , or for creating facial animation for live interactive events , shows and concerts .
“ The ability to combine the power of the real-time performance capture pipeline of Faceware Live , and the power and flexibility of Unreal Engine 4 , gives developers an incredibly powerful tool , ” said Norman Wang , the director of development at Opaque Multimedia . “ Developers will be delighted to see how easily they can access the data from the Faceware plugin through the native Blueprint interface . ”
Several unannounced projects that utilize the plugin will debut later this year .
For pricing and sales information , contact sales @ facewaretech.com or visit Faceware at SIGGRAPH 2015 ( booth # 753 ) . For general product information , please visit the Faceware Live page .
About Faceware Technologies
Sherman Oaks , California-based Faceware Technologies Inc. ( FTI ) , which spun off from Image Metrics in 2012 , is dedicated to meeting the needs of professional animators in the video game , film , television , and commercial industries . The company 's Faceware product line has been utilized in the production of more than 130 video game titles , feature films , music videos , commercials , television shows , and stage plays , and is the leading facial animation solution provider for clients such as Double Negative , Digital Domain , Blur Studios , Activision-Blizzard , Rockstar Games , Microsoft , 2K Sports , Electronic Arts , Ubisoft , Sega , Sony , Bethesda , Motion Theory and Moving Picture Company . The Faceware Facial Motion Capture product line consists of the Faceware Head-Mounted Camera System ( HMCS ) , the 6th generation facial performance capture hardware ; Faceware Analyzer , which allows clients to analyze and process their own performance videos without IP or content going offsite ; Faceware Retargeter , a free plug in which allows users to create facial motion capture data at a much faster rate than traditional methods ; and Faceware Live , the real-time facial capture and animation solution .
About Opaque Multimedia
Opaque Multimedia is an award-winning technology consulting and game development firm based in Melbourne , Australia . With a strong focus on adapting entertainment technologies to novel applications , Opaque Multimedia specialises in altering , extending and combining existing and emerging technologies and design techniques to solve problems in a range of domains .
Opaque Multimedia has significant expertise in Unreal and other game engines , especially plugin and renderer development ; VR tools and applications ; conducting research and interfacing with academia ; and developer experience design . Opaque Multimedia extends entertainment technologies with designs and innovations from computer vision , bionics , robotics , artificial intelligence and data analysis to solve problems in a range of complexities and contexts .
Opaque works closely with some of the largest tech companies in world , including Microsoft , Google , Valve and NASA ; partnering to develop innovative , cutting-edge solutions .
If you 'd like to engage with Opaque for R & D , design , games or software development , email contact @ opaquemultimedia.com .
For licensing and sales enquiries for Kinect 4 Unreal , please contact the Kinect 4 Unreal team at k4u @ opaquemultimedia.com .
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above .
Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience , education and training relevant to the duties of the position . If you meet the minimum qualifications , a score will automatically be calculated based on your answers to the vacancy specific questions to place you in one of three categories . All answers provided in the online process must be substantiated by your resume . Upon review , your resume and/or supporting documents need to support your answer choices and reflect the one year of specialized experience requirement , in order to be considered . If the one year of specialized experience , equivalent to the next lower grade level can not be identified in your resume , you will be considered not qualified . The competencies or knowledge , skills , and abilities needed to perform this job are :
Knowledge of CBR weapons , detection systems , and defensive measures .
Knowledge of engineering concepts , principles and practices related to , design criteria , modification methodologies and materials testing .
Skill in communicating to convey thoughts and ideas to personnel at various levels .
Knowledge of the budgetary constraints in order to manage funding allocations .
If you meet the minimum qualifications , you will be placed in one of the following categories : 1 . Best Qualified : Applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate high proficiency in all of the critical competencies , including all Selective Placement Factors ( SPF ) and appropriate Quality Ranking Factors ( QRF ) as determined in the job analysis . 2 . Well-Qualified : Applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrates acceptable proficiency in all of the critical competencies , including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis . 3 . Qualified : Applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate basic proficiency in most critical competencies , including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined in the job analysis . If you are best qualified , you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.If you have never worked for the Federal government , you are not ICTAP eligible . View information about ICTAP eligibility on OPM 's Career Transition Resources website . To be considered well qualified under ICTAP , you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position , as described above . In addition , you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement.Qualified veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 % are listed in the best qualified category , except when the position being filled is scientific , professional at the GS-09 grade level , or higher . This position is not considered scientific/professional . Other 10-point preference eligibles and veterans with 5-point preference who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements are placed above non-preference eligibles within the category in which they qualify . For information on veterans ' preference , please click here .
The story goes like this .
About three hundred years ago a farmer 's wife took a needle and thread to her husband 's work shirt . She sewed four large pockets onto the front of the shirt , enabling her husband to easily pick and carry guayabas ( guavas ) .
Past this — well , that 's where the arguments start .
The Cubans claim it originated near the Yayabo river in Sancti Spiritus , Cuba . The Mexicans believe the Yucatans invented the shirt and the Cubans copied it . Then there are other stories of it originating in Thailand or the Republic of the Philippines , and then making its way to Central America via Chinese slave traders .
I will only say this : The guayabera is a functional and stylish hot weather garment that should be in more men 's wardrobes .
The purpose of this article is to introduce you to this classic men 's shirt — and hopefully help you see it 's something you can wear on those sweltering hot summer days .
What Is a Guayabera ?
The guayabera is a traditional Latin American garment . Most of the guayaberas in the United States originate from factories in and around Miami , Florida , which are often owned by Cuban-Americans .
The basic features that define a guayabera are :
Either two or four patch pockets on the shirt front
Two vertical rows of either small pleats ( actually called tuxes ) and/or embroidery
Straight hem meant to be worn untucked
Different artisans over the years have taken the liberty to create variations of the garment , such as adjustable buttoning slits at the sides of the shirt , french cuffs , short sleeves , and even no pockets . For the purposes of this article , I will include them all .
As for color , white and light pastel colors are the most common and traditional , but like any shirt , guayaberas now come in both traditional and brighter colors as young men have asked for more variety .
100 % cotton or 100 % linen are used to make the highest quality guayaberas . Light weaves are prized in hot , humid climates . A thriving tourist market has led to production of lower-cost , part-synthetic guayaberas that are sold as affordable souvenirs ; depending on the weave , they are fine for most men , but if you can , try to find one made from natural material .
Wearing the Guayabera : Casual Style
In the United States , the guayabera is mostly used for a casual shirt , worn without a jacket . The long , even hem is meant to hang over the trouser waist and belt .
There are no real rules on what you can and ca n't wear with a guayabera . Jeans or other tough work pants are a nod to its working-class origins . Cotton slacks are typical dress-casual antecedents . Shorts look a little touristy , but it is a popular tourist shirt . You can do that look if you 're comfortable with it .
The kind of guayabera you buy will affect which pants and other garments it goes well with . You can loosely break guayaberas down into three broad categories :
Practical working clothes — These guayaberas are meant for field work or made to look like they 're meant for field work . The color is light to reflect the sun , the vertical embroidery is often pierced to let more air in , and the base fabric is very light and gauzy . The patterns are usually simple and in light-colored thread , or in many cases in the same color as the base material itself . Festive clothing — This is where we get the “ Mexican wedding shirt ” style of guayabera , which can be long or short-sleeved . The vertical bands are typically embroidered in more than one color , and the base color can be anything from white to black , with bright pastels a common compromise between festive color and light reflection . Tourist clothing — Very brightly-colored guayaberas with loud , contrasting colors are the Latin American version of the Hawaiian shirt . They 're meant for vacationing Americans and are usually made cheaply from synthetic fabrics .
Working guayaberas complement jeans or cotton slacks . Festive guayaberas do as well , but can also be paired with more colorful pants or with dress slacks made from tropical weight wool or linen . Tourist guayaberas can go with anything you wear on vacation — they 're going to look loud and silly no matter what , so go ahead and wear them with shorts . Need help with how to wear shorts ? Here 's an older AoM article on the subject .
The overall theme here is versatility : men have been wearing guayabera-style shirts for centuries . At one point or another they 've been paired with everything . Be assertive and wear yours with whatever looks good . Here 's a great example of guayaberas being worn in a more fashion-forward way .
And age ? Does n't matter if you 're seven , seventeen , or seventy . They look great and are incredibly comfortable . In fact in this interview , master guayabera-maker Rafael Contreras discusses why more US men should embrace this simple and masculine garment .
The Guayabera as Business and Formal Wear
It 's not widely known in the United States ( at least outside of Florida ) , but several Latin American and Caribbean island nations have adopted the guayabera , formally or informally , as a form of national business wear .
Mexico , the Dominican Republic , Puerto Rico , and Cuba ( where it is the official dress garment as of 2010 ) all recognize the guayabera as a form of “ national dress. ” Their political leaders often wear them at public events . Just type in Summit of the Americas and you 'll see dozens of Latin American leaders wearing guayaberas alongside counterparts wearing full suits and ties .
Outside of beach weddings , it 's unlikely that most North Americans will need to wear the guayabera in a formal or business setting . However , if you 're interested in doing so , the standard formal style is :
Long-sleeves — short sleeves are casual
Plain white or cream/off-white base color — darker or brighter colors are very casual and worn more by young men
Low-contrast ( often same-color ) embroidery — flashy embroidery does make the guayabera more casual , although this is the one area you can be a bit more flamboyant in a formal setting to add a dash of personal style
Typically two pockets rather than four for a dressier look — no pockets and it is technically no longer a guayabera
Tailored fit — loose-fitted guayaberas are more casual
Like all things pertaining to style , there will be the occasional exception , but leave them to men who wear guayaberas regularly and need a little variety in their lives . Most of us will look better sticking to the conservative white long-sleeved style in business settings where we would normally wear a suit .
A few cultures have their own specific expectations for dress guayaberas . Zimbabwe , for example , adopted the guayabera from Cuban teachers and missionaries , and it is now typical to wear a white short-sleeved guayabera with black slacks at weddings , and a black short-sleeved guayabera at funerals .
Buying a Quality Guayabera
So what makes a high-quality guayabera ?
More than anything , the material . Guayaberas are hot-weather clothing . ( You ca n't really get away with wearing them outside of summer in places like the United States or Western Europe . )
For comfort 's sake , that means either 100 % cotton or 100 % linen , or something very much like it . A small percentage of synthetic fiber can help with mildew resistance , but anything more than 5 % or so of the blend is a cost-saving measure rather than a sign of good construction . Synthetics do n't breathe well and become sticky quickly in humid weather , so stick to natural fibers .
A few South Asian countries make guayabera-style shirts from plant fibers like bamboo , ramie , or hemp . While sometimes heavier than cotton , they do typically hold up well in humid weather , and are very resistant to mildew and the bad-smelling bacteria that colonize human sweat .
Other considerations beyond the material to look for include :
Pleats ( tuxes ) on the front — a quality guayabera will have 12 or more ( see picture above ) . Larger & fewer pleats are an indicator that the guayabera is made for the tourist market . Nothing wrong with this — just make sure if you 're paying a steep price for a handmade garment you get your money 's worth !
Quality embroidery and stitching with no loose threads — look at the details . Is the stitching tight ? Is it the same on both sides ?
Sturdy buttons — mother of pearl is always better than plastic — although this is an inexpensive upgrade you can do yourself . After all , I just taught you how to sew on a button !
Fit — tailored if possible ; tapered at the very least . Guayaberas are made to be worn a bit looser ; however , most men in good shape can have their guayaberas brought in on the sides . Also , make sure the guayabera is long enough . Cheap manufacturers will try to skimp on fabric — you want at least 3-5 inches ( depends on your height — taller , more ) .
The latter point is important in keeping the guayabera from flapping like a sail in the wind . You want it to hang off the body for comfort , but not very far . Slim men will need more of a taper than stocky men , and can look quite absurd without it .
Travelers to Miami , Cuba , or Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula can have a guayabera custom-made if they have a few days to spare . Exchange rates favor United States or European travelers heavily , so it 's possible to get high-quality , custom-fitted clothing for pennies on the dollar . Non-Spanish ( or Portuguese in the case of Brazil ) speakers can expect to pay the usual “ tourist tax ” mark-up from most merchants , but you still tend to end up paying less than you would buy off-the-rack in the United States or online .
For men who do n't regularly travel to Latin America or South Asia , there are a few tailors selling custom guayaberas online . Expect to pay much the same prices that you would for a custom-made dress shirt , and for the same reasons .
It 's best to start with a plain white or off-white guayabera and build your collection from there . The hotter your climate , the more reasons you 'll find to wear them , but even men in temperate climes will find use for the guayabera 's versatile style .
Watch this video to have me talk you through the post :
I would like to thank Rafael Contreras , owner of D'Accord American Made Guayaberas for consulting with me on this article .
Written By :
Antonio Centeno of Real Men Real Style
Grab My Free 47-Page Style eBook
Futurist and designer Syd Mead managed to piss-off many of the world 's cyclists last week with his claim that “ the bicycle is not , strictly defined , a transport device ” . Is he right ?
Syd Mead reckons it 's “ specious folly ” to propose bicycles as a serious component of urban transportation ( Bicycles are not the future of transportation ) . There 's “ an almost messianic insistence that bicycles should be part of the urban travel mix ” , he says , but the notion cities can be “ liberated from the car…has zero basis in practical terms ” .
Prior to now entering the ranks of the infamous , Syd Mead was famous as a futurist and conceptual artist . He 's credited with designing city backgrounds and vehicles for Blade Runner and other sci fi films .
According to Mr Mead , bicycles are n't a serious mode of transport because they 're limited by weather , terrain and the health of riders . Further , they 're not much good for the long trips involved in city living and they 're dangerous when used on roads . Cyclists flout road rules ( he calls it “ eco elitism ” ) and slow the progress of drivers . Moreover bike lanes reduce road capacity for cars .
Imposing bicycle accommodations onto an existing vehicular culture and street alignment is prohibitively complex and preposterously expensive on a per-mile basis . Given the relatively small number of commuters who would use such lanes in comparison to car drivers , any cost/efficiency formulae that purport to justify such infrastructure enter the realm of pure fantasy .
Mr Mead should 've visited China in the 1980s before the arrival of cars and witnessed for himself how effective the bicycle can be as a mass transportation system . He should travel to The Netherlands and Denmark to see that it 's possible for bicycles to achieve a remarkably high mode share in a developed country .
Of course none of that would carry much weight with him because he 's implicitly comparing cycling with driving . He 's also judging the utility and potential of bicycles in the context of US cities where , with a few exceptions , urban form and structure have been shaped by cars .
Most importantly , he 's framed his argument as either bicycles or cars . His contention that “ urbanistas ” propose bicycles as the “ transportation of tomorrow or the saviour of cities ” is a straw man of his making .
The proposition put by planners is n't that bicycles can out-compete cars for all trips at all times in all cities within “ new world ” countries like the US and Australia . Rather , it 's that bicycles can be an important part of transport policy , especially in relatively dense urban areas where car use is limited by traffic congestion and the cost of parking .
In these sorts of locations they 're competitive with cars in terms of travel time and sometimes they 're decidedly quicker . Most urban car trips carry one person ( the driver ) and are well within the range of an average cyclist – in any event , the new generation of electric power-assisted bicycles make distance a non-issue .
In fact bicycles offer many of the advantages of cars . They 're private so , like cars , they 're available on-demand and go direct to the traveller 's destination . Cyclists do n't share their machine with strangers either , as public transport travellers do .
It 's not the only one , but the main “ driver ” of a significant increase in cycling will be greater competitiveness relative to other modes . That “ push ” factor is already growing in the denser inner parts of US and Australian cities .
But it 's being held back by an unsympathetic infrastructure and regulatory environment . In particular , the limited provision of dedicated bicycle paths separating cyclists from motorists is a major deterrent to the “ next cohort ” of cyclists taking to the streets ( who 're likely to be different to current riders ) .
Dedicated on-road paths are cheap to construct and have the capacity in congested conditions to move more travellers than an equivalent car lane . Providing a comprehensive network of safe cycling routes is the key to attracting the next cohort of riders .
Cycling does n't have to “ see off ” the car to have a major role in transport within urban areas . Even public transport only accounts for a modest proportion of trips in most US and Australian cities . For example , even with a well developed rail and tram system , public transport accounts for around 10 % of all trips in Melbourne .
Cycling 's mode share for journeys to work is 32 % in Beijing and 17 % in Munich , but in most large cities it 's below double figures e.g . 8 % in Hamburg , 3 % in Paris , 2 % in Barcelona . Closer to his home , Mr Mead should visit Portland , Oregon , where cycling accounts for 6 % of journeys to work .
Columnist Michael Wolff appeared on CNN 's “ Reliable Sources ” Sunday to discuss the mainstream media and , in particular , host Brian Stelter 's incessant need to criticize Trump .
Wolff wrote last month in a column for Newsweek last month that the media 's strategy is “ to show Trump to be an inept and craven sociopath ” and mentioned CNN host Brian Stelter by name , pointing out that the host likes to use his airtime to deliver a “ pious sermon ” about Trump 's duplicity to his audience every week .
When Stelter asked Sunday if it was n't his duty to “ fact check ” the president , Wolff made it clear that Stelter was putting his journalistic integrity on the line by continuing to trash Trump while extolling the virtues of the media .
“ I mean this with truly no disrespect , I think you can border on being sort of quite a ridiculous figure , ” Wolff said .
The conversation that followed proved it . Check it out here :
“ It 's not a good look to repeatedly and self-righteously defend your own self interest . The media should not be the story . Every week in this religious sense , you make it the story . We are not the story , ” he continued .
When Stelter tried to defend his weekly diatribes against Trump , Wolff said he wished Stelter would n't “ turn to the camera and lecture America about the virtue of the media . ”
Stelter then asked Wolff if the media did n't need to be defended and Wolff told him , “ The media does not need defending by the media . ”
Wolff nailed it . The mainstream media lost its credibility as it continued to pick fights with Trump for the past year .
The media is supposed to report news fairly and without bias but they have n't done that in years . Most of America understands how the operate , which is why they tune them out most of the time . Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Share this story on Facebook and Twitter if you agree that the Brian Stelter and others in mainstream media can look like ridiculous figures when they constantly defend the media 's right to disparage the president .
What do you think Wolff 's comments ? Scroll down to comment below !
Source : conservativetribune.com
H/T The Daily Caller
The Fresh Market will open its first California store in Roseville Oct. 24 , the company announced .
`` We are excited to open our store in Roseville and to expand our reach into California , '' said Craig Carlock , the company 's president and chief executive officer , in a news release . `` We look forward to introducing The Fresh Market 's concept of quality perishables , excellent customer service and a unique atmosphere to an expanded customer base , and we look forward to offering neighboring communities a rewarding new food shopping experience . ''
Shoppers will get a sneak peek before the opening during a `` Taste of the Market '' preview event on Saturday , Oct. 6 . From 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. , The Fresh Market will hold a free event with food samples from local vendors , a sidewalk sale that will benefit the Northern California JDRF chapter , which focuses on type 1 diabetes research , and raffle prizes . Attendees can also get creative and paint tiles that will be displayed in the store and can decorate cupcakes and pick and decorate free pumpkins to take home .
During the grand opening , set for 9 a.m. Wednesday , Oct. 24 , they 'll hold chef demonstrations , food samples and drawings . Want to score some free goodies ? The first 1,000 customers will get reusable shopping bags , a sample-sized bag of The Fresh Market 's coffee and more prizes .
Inside the Market
The Fresh Market takes over the former Borders bookstore location in Rocky Ridge Town Center , in a 23,800-square-foot space . Their market has an `` old-world European market '' feel and will house a bakery where they 'll bake 30 fresh breads daily and 14 different types of pies , a meat counter , more than 200 imported and domestic cheeses and a produce department with a large organic selection .
`` Our customers enjoy shopping in an environment that appeals to all the senses , '' Carlock said in a release . `` The smell of freshly brewed coffee and bread right out of the oven , the sound of classical music , soft lighting with antique décor in an intimate setting , and the ability to select and taste fresh , high-quality products all work together to create surroundings where customers are encouraged to experience the food . ''
Giving Back
The Fresh Market has hired approximately 90 people to open the new Roseville store , according to their news release .
And in addition to providing new jobs , they 'll be partnering with the Placer County Food Bank , where they 'll make regular food donations .
The Fresh Market
Where : 2030 Douglas Blvd . in Roseville
`` Taste of the Market '' : 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday , Oct. 6
Grand Opening : 9 a.m. Wednesday , Oct. 24
Stay Patched in ! Follow Roseville Patch on Twitter | Like Roseville Patch on Facebook | Sign up for the daily email with links to the latest news .
With Steph Catley 's contract signed this week , the Orlando Pride defense is shaping up to be one of the best in the country . Possible starting defenders include Ali Krieger , Alanna Kennedy , Monica Hickmann Alves , Steph Catley , and Laura Alleway . With Krieger , Kennedy , Catley , and Alleway on the back four , and Monica playing defending midfielder , this defense will give even the best of the NWSL a run for their money .
Catley , Alleway , and Kennedy are all defenders for the Australian Women 's National Team . Last season , Sermanni talked about a lack of chemistry on the team simply because the squad had not played together ; Kennedy , Alleway , and Catley will not be lacking that . They should also be present for most if not all of the season , with no major tournaments on the horizon .
Defender Ali Krieger is widely considered one of the best in the league , and has appeared for the U.S Women 's National Team in both the World Cup and Olympic tournaments . She 's also worked with Ashlyn Harris throughout her career both at the club and national team level , further solidifying the chemistry in the defensive half of the field .
Monica had a great season with the Pride last year , stepping up when her team needed her and proving her flexibility . Monica has played both in the back four and in the defensive midfield , providing Tom Sermanni with the options necessary to increase the Pride 's defensive presence on the field . Monica also had a tremendous year with the Brazilian Women 's National Team , playing every minute of every match in the Rio Olympics .
With these five women working together , and Harris between the goalposts , they will be a force to be reckoned with . Both Alleway and Kennedy can use their height to their advantage , and Catley and Krieger have proven to be effective on the wings . Both girls can use their speed and offensive skills to get the ball forward and possibly even score , as Catley did in the Pride 's season opener last year against Portland .
In short , this Pride defense is shaping up to be one of the best in the league . They will be prepared to take on even the toughest offense in the league .
Regarding my note in the Putting People Together post from last month , Joseph 's been busy painting up a variety of skin tones for Clockwork Empires people .
We feel it 's important to have people of all colours in the game , basically . I 'm not going to get into the exceedingly grim history of 19th century colonialism here , but I assure you we 've had a lot of internal discussions about how we can possibly approach making a game vaguely based on the Victorian era without being ridiculously offensive . Happily , we 're not making a historical game . ( Hi Paradox folk ! The Aztec Invasion of Europe DLC is brilliant . )
From an artistic perspective , you ca n't just shift the tone of a skin texture one way or the other and have it look at all correct . The highlights , midtones , and shadows of cool dark brown vs medium warm brown skin are very different , so to do this justice Joseph has been using shifted textures as a base layer then doing a hand-painting pass to get things looking right . We 're happy with how it 's coming along .
In Other News , An Interview
I stumbled into the office clutching my coffee as though it were my only connection to a sane and sensible world one morning to discover that we 'd lined up an interview with Mr. Christopher Floyd over at videogamewriters.com — well , Daniel did and I kinda crashed it . We proceeded to have a lovely time talking with Christopher about all sorts of things relating to indie game development , from Dungeons of Dredmor to Clockwork Empires . Go have a look .
Sunday Sidebar : Meet Daniel Jacobsen and David Baumgart from Gaslamp Games .
In other news , the Evening Of Indie Game Development Anecdotes And Smooth Jazz Jam Session With Nicholas Vining has been indefinitely delayed due to a series of rapidly escalating misunderstandings surrounding the use of ghost pirates .
Welcome to the Elite Eight of the second annual AfterEllen Ultimate Femslash Madness Tournament ! We are nearing one of the most epic Final Fours we 've ever had in a tournament on this website ! In this round , we 've got two of femslash fandoms powerhouses facing off in the first match-up . Faberry vs. Bechloe will be one for the ages . Dark horse Shawson from Chicago Fire has held strong but they 're facing down Once Upon a Time ‘ s super-active Swan Queen fandom . Match-up # 3 between Buffy/Faith and Rizzoli/Isles will pit one of lesbian fandom 's oldest and strongest femslashpairings against the always eager Gayzzolis . And Once Upon a Time ‘ s Red Beauty is facing down the dymanic duo of Bering and Wells . It 's anyone 's ball game ! This round of voting will be open until Tuesday , August 6th at 9:00 p.m. EST . As always , you can vote once per hour between now and then . Check out the brackets below ( click for full-size ) and get to voting !
A new memory type called 3D XPoint will offer 1,000 times the performance and endurance of today 's NAND , Intel and Micron announced Tuesday morning .
The two silicon companies described 3D XPoint as the biggest innovation in more than 25 years , one that will enable new types of modes of computing .
“ This is a breakthrough in technology , ” said Rob Cooke , a Senior VP at Intel charge of non-volatile memory . “ It 's something we view as a new class of memory because it 's not a little faster , it 's a lot faster , it has a lot higher endurance . ”
New 3DX Point memory can act as main memory or storage .
Both companies cautioned people not to think of 3D XPoint as just faster NAND , but something truly new . Because of its speed , it 's possible it can function as main memory as well as storage because it 's non-volatile . The new memory could potentially be used as the sole memory technology in a computer or in conjunction with traditional DRAM as well .
3DX Point is n't to be confused with the joined 3D NAND both announced in May either . That really just extended the density of NAND .
Cooke said to think of 3D XPoint as a screen door with incredibly fast switches at each point where the wires cross each other . Although we 're very early in the stages of 3D XPoint 's development , both hinted it could see the light of day as early as next year . As proof of how far they 've come , Intel and Micron also showed off an actual wafer made up of 3D XPoint .
Intel / Micron Intel and Micron 's 3D XPoint is real and will offer 1,000 times the performance of today 's SSDs
The memory will be produced at the joint facility both companies have built in Lehigh , Utah . Neither would comment on the cost of the development but Mark Durcan , CEO of Micron said “ It did n't come cheaply . ”
The new memory will likely require a rethinking in how traditional PCs are design eventually as today 's SATA and its replacement would be too slow . Intel 's Cooke said that 's one of the reasons Intel has been pushing the industry so hard to support such technologies as NVMe .
Aleppo has not seen any Russian or Syrian air raids for a week , creating the necessary conditions for a humanitarian pause to work , the Russian Ministry of Defense said , adding that terrorists in the eastern part of the city still hold civilians hostage .
“ Russian Aerospace Forces and the Syrian Air Force have completely ceased flights over Aleppo during the last seven days , ” Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov said Tuesday , adding that their jets “ do not approach or conduct strikes ” anywhere in the vicinity of the city .
According to the Defense Ministry spokesman , 48 women and children left the rebel-held area on Monday .
“ Late Monday , October 24 , 48 women and children accompanied by officers of the Russian reconciliation center and Syrian authorities left eastern Aleppo through [ the ] humanitarian corridor . They have been provided with the necessary medical aid , hot meals , and night accommodation , ” Konashenkov added .
Aleppo & Mosul : How Western rhetoric on anti-terror ops changes depending on location ( VIDEO ) https : //t.co/mzXFiwdm8k — RT ( @ RT_com ) October 22 , 2016
The spokesman added that civilians can use six humanitarian corridors to leave the city . They will then be treated at reception centers and offered first aid and hot food .
READ MORE : Plan B : US considered arming Syrian rebels against Russian planes & artillery , report says
Last week , Damascus and Moscow stopped carrying out airstrikes in eastern Aleppo and opened a number of humanitarian corridors for those wishing to escape the areas of the city controlled by terrorists and rebels , in the hope that the temporary truce would lead to a complete ceasefire .
Despite the humanitarian pause having been prolonged several times , militants repeatedly sabotaged the ceasefire efforts , shelling humanitarian corridors and killing civilians .
As people remain trapped in eastern Aleppo , the Syrian branch of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) called on ground forces to facilitate safe passage for civilians out of the rebel-held areas .
2 . Sadly , we could n't proceed with the evacuation as a lack of security guarantees on the ground meant we could n't ensure patients ' safety . — ICRC Syria ( @ ICRC_sy ) October 24 , 2016
In a series of tweets , the NGO confirmed it has been on standby to assist the wounded since Thursday .
“ Sadly , we could n't proceed with the evacuation as a lack of security guarantees on the ground meant we could n't ensure patients ' safety , ” ICRC tweeted . “ Our team on the ground in # Aleppo stands ready to help . For the sake of the people , let us respond before it 's too late . ”
3 . We 're very disappointed with this outcome , especially for those who need life-saving treatment . They can not afford to wait any longer . — ICRC Syria ( @ ICRC_sy ) October 24 , 2016
For the humanitarian pause to work , the US must fulfill its promise and separate the so-called moderate rebels from hardcore jihadists in Aleppo , a Kremlin spokesperson reiterated on Monday .
“ All these days , checkpoints continued to be shelled , terrorist groups attacked main routes where humanitarian supplies could be delivered , primarily Castello , ” Dmitry Peskov told journalists .
Read more
“ All of this , of course , makes it extremely difficult , if not impossible , to form humanitarian convoys . Therefore , since the separation of terrorist groups from the so-called moderate opposition has not taken place , one can wonder whether it is possible at all , '' he added .
On the diplomatic front , the need to separate the rebels from jihadists was discussed by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in a phone conversation with his American counterpart John Kerry .
“ Sergey Lavrov pointed out that illegal armed formations holding the eastern part of Aleppo responded to the introduction by the Syrian authorities of the humanitarian pause by opening fire on civilians trying to leave the city , and new attacks , ” the ministry statement reads .
Yet hope that civilians will be able to leave the besieged neighborhoods of Aleppo still continues . On Monday , the Syria 's air force dropped leaflets in eastern Aleppo demanding that terrorists surrender or leave the city .
“ This is your last chance . If you do n't quickly leave these areas , you will be destroyed . We have left you a safe corridor . Hurry up with a decision , save yourselves . You know that everybody has left you , nobody 's here to help you , ” the leaflets say , according to Sputnik 's source on the ground .
Russia has been assisting the Syrian army in fighting Al-Nusra Front terrorists in eastern Aleppo , which has become the militants ' stronghold in Syria . However , the West has blamed Moscow and Damascus for civilian casualties and suffering in the area , while turning a blind eye on atrocities caused by jihadists .
LONDON : Saudi Arabia has invested in Pakistani nuclear weapons projects and believes it could acquire atomic bombs `` at will , '' the BBC reported on Thursday.Saudi Arabia 's quest has often been set in the context of countering Iran 's atomic programme though it is now possible that the Saudis might be able to deploy nuclear devices more quickly than Pakistan , said the report that quoted unnamed Western and Pakistani officials and intelligence operatives . `` Earlier this year , a senior Nato decision maker told me that he had seen intelligence reporting that nuclear weapons made in Pakistan on behalf of Saudi Arabia are now sitting ready for delivery , '' said Mark Urban , diplomatic and defence editor of BBC 's Newsnight programme.Last month Amos Yadlin , a former head of Israeli military intelligence , told a conference in Sweden that if Iran got the bomb , `` the Saudis will not wait one month . They already paid for the bomb , they will go to Pakistan and bring what they need to bring '' .Since 2009 , when King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia warned visiting US special envoy to the Middle East Dennis Ross that if Iran crossed the threshold , `` we will get nuclear weapons '' , the country has sent the US numerous signals of its intentions.Gary Samore , who was President Barack Obama 's counter-proliferation adviser until March , said , `` I do think that the Saudis believe that they have some understanding with Pakistan that , in extremis , they would have claim to acquire nuclear weapons from Pakistan . `` The report said the story of Saudi Arabia 's project - including the acquisition of missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads over long ranges - goes back decades.In the late 1980s , the Saudis secretly bought dozens of CSS-2 ballistic missiles from China , the report said . These rockets , considered by many experts too inaccurate for use as conventional weapons , were deployed 20 years ago . `` It has also been clear for many years that Saudi Arabia has given generous financial assistance to Pakistan 's defence sector , including , Western experts allege , to its missile and nuclear labs . Visits by the then Saudi defence minister Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz al Saud to the Pakistani nuclear research centre in 1999 and 2002 underlined the closeness of the defence relationship , '' the report said.It said some experts think it is a cash-and-carry deal for warheads while others believe it is an arrangement whereby Pakistani nuclear forces could be deployed in the Kingdom.However , Samore was quoted as saying that giving Saudi Arabia nuclear weapons would be a `` very provocative action '' .
Hillary Clinton called for an end to HIV criminalization in a video recorded for attendees at the HIV is Not a Crime convention in Huntsville , Alabama this week .
Clinton urged the U.S. to increase research , expand access to PrEP , and bring down the cost of prescription drugs . She promised to reform outdated and stigmatizing criminalization laws and “ enforce civil rights laws to fight HIV-related discrimination , stigma , and injustice . ”
The conference unites and trains advocates living with HIV and allies in the U.S. about laws criminalizing PLHIV and teaches strategies and best practices for repealing those laws
Watch :
Clinton recently met with HIV/AIDS activists in New York City .
Said activist Peter Staley following the meeting :
“ We started about an hour late , but she stayed well beyond our budgeted 45 minutes — over an hour , in the end . A frank exchange . It was a first step in what we all agreed would be an ongoing process with her campaign . No surprise — she 's an HIV wonk . ”
PHOENIX -- Cornerback Darrelle Revis was a guest on the “ Michael Kay Show ” on ESPN New York 98.7 FM on Wednesday and here were a few of the notable sound bites from a New England Patriots perspective :
How competitive the Patriots ' contract offer was in free agency . “ I 'm obviously not going speak the numbers . But I had the option , the $ 20 million option they could have exercised and they did n't . Then we tried to work on a deal , and the deal , we felt that it was n't in the ballpark of what we were looking for . We just moved on . They moved on too . I had a great conversation with Bill [ Belichick ] . And we moved forward , just like they did . That 's how I look at it . ”
The early stages of free agency and Jets ' interest . “ There was a lot of stuff going on at that time . In free agency , they were one of the teams who called . It was a [ number ] of teams . It was the Steelers , it was Cleveland , it was the Chiefs , it was the Packers , Baltimore . There were other teams as well . Guys were willing to fly down and meet with me . The whole situation with New York , like I said , it always goes back to that 's where that 's where I got drafted , that 's where I feel most comfortable , that 's where I feel familiar with . I know a lot of people in the building and I just felt like , for me , it was time to come home . ”
On money as a factor . “ Contracts are contracts , we all know that . Both sides have to agree on the deal and the numbers are the numbers . It 's not just one sided . It 's going to get done by both sides agreeing to the terms . ”
Playing for Bill Belichick and Rex Ryan . “ I love them both . I learned a lot from Rex , I definitely learned a lot from Bill . They have two different coaching styles . Having either one of them to be your head coach , I do n't think you can go wrong either way . I 'm just happy to play under those guys and learn a lot of football from both sides . ”
Belichick 's sense of humor compared to Ryan . “ Bill is funny . It 's a dry sense of humor . If you 're around him long enough , you 'll get it , his dry sense of humor , his jokes . He 'll crack a smile , and you 'll crack a smile with him . He gets guys laughing and things , but Rex is a little louder . Bill is a little more conservative and kind of more of a laid-back guy . ”
Seahawks ' final play of the Super Bowl . “ That was a crazy play call . It was . But at the same time , I guess , Pete Carroll felt comfortable , the coaching staff , throwing the ball at that time . After everything died down , you think ‘ Why not run the ball with the best running back in the game ? ' I guess they tried to make it , I call it the Tom Brady versus Russell Wilson game . They tried to make it a passing game . We made them pay at the end . ”
According to Google , millions of people use Google Voice , the company 's web-based communications platform , as an affordable way to make calls and send text messages . But a good percentage of those millions may simply have signed up for Google Voice – and now risk having their unused accounts repossessed by Google .
The search giant recently began sending out emailed notices to people who have Google Voice numbers but are n't frequent users . The emails , which are signed by “ The Google Voice Team , ” state that users need to utilize their accounts within 30 days to retain ownership of their Google Voice numbers . People that do n't make calls or send texts in the next month will lose their Google Voice numbers along with the ability to receive calls or text messages through Google Voice , the emails say .
Google is framing the situation as one of scarcity . The Google Voice email notes that “ phone numbers are a limited resource ” and Google has a policy to “ reclaim unused numbers so they can be made available to new users . ”
It may be true that Google has enough Google Voice users – or prospective users – that it needs to recover idle numbers . It seems more likely , however , that Google 's main goal is to remind people of Google Voice and encourage them to become more committed users . One line in the email seems to acknowledge this . It begins , “ If you have been reluctant to use your Google Voice number… ” then lists ways Google has improved the service since its 2009 introduction .
There 's also the timing of the campaign , which comes as Google 's main rivals gear up to release some highly anticipated phones . Apple is scheduled to unveil its next iPhone tomorrow while Microsoft and its partners recently began selling the first handsets running the “ Mango ” version of Windows Phone software .
Google Voice is not an operating system , of course ( Google already has its popular Android platform ) but is part of Google 's bid to provide a broad range of communications services to people through their cellphones or Gmail email accounts . As such , it is linked to the company 's overall ambitions in the online search and advertising market as well as the mobile industry , which Chairman Eric Schmidt has previously described as a $ 10 billion a year opportunity .
Much of that money will come from targeted advertisements , which hinge on Google being able to analyze its users ' online behavior – and on those users being active users .
There are other possible reasons for the Google Voice emails . The Google Voice terms of service do contain a caveat about reclaiming numbers that have been inactive for nine months . Google has also issued similar messages before . But online reports point to a more organized effort this time around as well as a more sweeping one . Google is currently sending notices to users whose accounts have been idle from anywhere from four months to two years .
On the services side , the Google Voice reclamation campaign could be a way for Google to keep pace with Skype and Vonage , which have announced several upgrades in recent months . Because it provides an alternative , low-cost mobile communications service , Google Voice is often compared to both Skype and Vonage though each is based on slightly different technology . Skype , in particular , could be viewed as a threat due to its aggressive drive to sign up one billion users .
Beyond simply notifying users of its policy , the Google Voice email tries to nudge people back into active usage in several ways . The message urges people to check out the various flavors of Google Voice , such as Google 's Android , iOS/Apple and BlackBerry Google Voice mobile apps .
The email also points out that in January , Google fulfilled a common request by enabling users to port their existing cellphone numbers to Google Voice . And it notes that in March , Google paired with Sprint to let Sprint subscribers use their existing phone numbers on Google Voice .
What 's not specified is whether Google 's efforts to make Google Voice more accessible and attractive over the years netted many new users . In October 2009 , six months after the Google Voice launch , Google reported having 1.4 million users . That number rose after Google 's June 2010 decision to open Google Voice to anyone with a Gmail account but Google has not offered more detailed figures beyond having “ millions ” of users .
North Korea tested an intercontinental ballistic missile that can hit most of the US mainland on July 28 . It detonated its largest nuclear bomb yet on September 3 . And it also twice launched missiles over Japan this year , most recently on September 15 local time .
North Korea continues to expressly defy the wishes of the United States and the international community by carrying out provocative actions . Now it is up to Trump to decide how to respond — and he is left with very bad options to do so .
On August 8 , Trump said the US would unleash “ fire and fury ” on North Korea if it continued to threaten America . But the administration prefers to pursue its strategy of diplomacy and economic pressure — for now .
Still , Trump is the next US leader to struggle with how to handle North Korea after its most recent provocation . Presidents from Bill Clinton to Barack Obama tried different approaches to deal with the Hermit Kingdom , such as diplomatic engagement , labeling it a state sponsor of terror , or simply ignoring it in hopes that the regime would collapse on its own .
None of those approaches worked as the regimes of Kim and his father — and North Korea 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs more generally — outlasted them all .
“ US policy toward North Korea has been unsuccessful for a couple of decades , ” Sheena Greitens , a North Korea expert at the University of Missouri , said in an interview . “ We 're seeing the consequences of that now . ”
With Pyongyang successfully testing a missile capable of hitting the mainland , Trump is tasked with trying to find some way to keep the danger from getting even worse . However , the options he has available to him are broadly the same as the ones his predecessors had : military strikes , diplomacy , or economic sanctions .
The military option would entail a “ surgical strike ” on North Korea 's nuclear sites to take out the country 's missiles as well as the country 's political leadership , including Kim Jong-un . The problem is that North Korea would be certain to hit back hard , using its own large artillery arsenal to strike at America 's allies , South Korea , and Japan . That would likely kill tens or even hundreds of thousands of people — including US troops stationed in both countries — even before nuclear weapons were dropped .
The diplomatic option would see the US try to come to some sort of agreement with North Korea to either give up its programs or , at a minimum , freeze their development . Over the past few decades , though , North Korea has shown no desire to follow any agreements , consistently breaking accords with the US and its partners and covertly advancing its nuclear weapons and missile efforts .
And the sanctions would be meant to impose so much economic pain on Pyongyang that it would conclude that the costs of continuing the programs are too high . But many items the country wants and needs , like weapons and fuel , are already highly sanctioned by the US . North Korea has n't changed its course .
So , the options for Trump are poor and fraught with risk . “ There are no silver bullet solutions , ” James Miller , the top Pentagon policy official from 2012 to 2014 , told me .
In some ways , that means the bigger and more immediate question is whether Trump can avoid taking steps that make the problem worse .
The options for dealing with North Korea all have huge downsides
As Greitens told me , there are basically three broad options Trump can choose from : 1 ) military strikes ; 2 ) diplomacy ; or 3 ) economic sanctions . But here 's the rub : option one is incredibly dangerous , and options two and three have a mixed track record at best .
First , the military option . The last thing Defense Secretary James Mattis wants is a war with North Korea . `` A conflict in North Korea , ” he told CBS 's John Dickerson on May 28 , “ would be probably the worst kind of fighting in most people 's lifetimes . ''
Gen. Vincent Brooks , who commands US troops in South Korea , thinks that tensions are high between the North and South , as the only thing keeping both sides from fighting is “ self-restraint. ” In other words , there 's nothing really keeping the two countries from warring except a massive provocation or miscalculation .
That 's not only a problem for the Koreas , but also for America . Around 23,500 US troops are stationed in South Korea . Many of them are within reach of North Korea 's artillery . And , should a war break out , many would be killed as they would be considered top targets by the North .
If the US is worried North Korea might make the first move , though , it could launch a preemptive surgical strike on North Korea . It would certainly do damage to the country 's missile and nuclear programs . But North Korea would retaliate , imperiling the safety of US allies South Korea and Japan .
Pyongyang has the world 's largest artillery arsenal at its disposal , with around 8,000 rocket launchers and artillery cannons on its side of the demilitarized zone between the North and South , and it could use that arsenal to strike the major capital of Seoul . It could also use its short-range missiles to strike Tokyo and other large Japanese urban areas , some of them with only about a 10-minute warning .
But a fight between the North and South would be bad enough . Simulations of a large-scale artillery fight produce pretty bleak results . One war game convened by the Atlantic back in 2005 predicted that a North Korean attack would kill 100,000 people in Seoul in the first few days alone . Others put the estimate even higher . A war game mentioned by the National Interest predicted Seoul could “ be hit by over half-a-million shells in under an hour. ” Those results do n't bode well for one of Washington 's closest allies , or for the 25.6 million people living in Seoul .
None of this even factors in the large-scale refugee crisis that a war would create , where millions would flock north to China as their homes and livelihoods are ravaged by war . That 's something China expressly does not want . Beijing prioritizes stability on the peninsula , and it helps explain why it has been so unwilling to alter the status quo in North Korea . Any change , China fears , may lead to problems for the Chinese government down the road .
Here 's the end result , according to my colleague Zack Beauchamp : “ Given North Korea 's massive conventional military and unknown number of nuclear weapons , conflict on the Korean Peninsula would cost hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of lives . ”
So a surgical strike may have risks because of what North Korea might do . It 's also a risk because the strike itself may not work as planned .
The reason for that is many of North Korea 's nuclear sites are underground or in caves . Plus , the US and its partners are unsure where many of the dozens of missiles that would carry a nuclear weapon are . Some are hidden away and others are on mobile launchers that could be moved if North Korea sensed an attack was coming . Either way , special operations forces would likely be on the ground in North Korea , conducting risky military maneuvers — putting themselves in harm 's way .
But so far , the Trump administration has avoided military options . It would prefer to solve the crisis diplomatically , according to an August 13 op-ed piece by Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson .
“ While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea 's course of action , it is backed by military options , ” they wrote . “ The US is willing to negotiate with Pyongyang . But given the long record of North Korea 's dishonesty in negotiations and repeated violations of international agreements , it is incumbent upon the regime to signal its desire to negotiate in good faith . ”
Clearly , that approach has yet to work . But to be fair , its has n't worked for past administrations , either .
America and others have tried to come to some sort of diplomatic , negotiated agreement with North Korea over its programs since 1985 , according to the Arms Control Association . They got really close twice . In 1994 , the US and North Korea signed the Agreed Framework , in which the North agreed to freeze its plutonium weapons program in exchange for two proliferation-resistant nuclear power reactors and fuel oil from the United States .
However , the agreement collapsed in 2002 , and by January 2003 the North had resumed its nuclear program .
Then in August 2003 , the international community launched the so-called “ Six Party Talks , ” which were designed to get North Korea to halt its nuclear program through negotiations with five other countries : China , the United States , South Korea , Japan , and Russia .
In September 2005 , it looked like the talks might work — North Korea formally agreed to abandon “ all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs ” in exchange for energy assistance from the other countries .
But in 2009 , amid disagreements over technical details related to verification , North Korea walked out on the talks . It says it will never return to the negotiations and maintains that it is no longer bound by their agreements . And it has been ramping up its nuclear and ballistic missile programs ever since .
Kelsey Davenport , a North Korea expert at the Arms Control Association , thinks diplomacy has the best chance of success , but notes that the cost for the US would be high . “ That will require the United States to put something on the table that North Korea wants , perhaps a reduction in US-South Korean military exercises , ” she said .
South Korea , which relies on US security backing to protect it from China and North Korea , would worry about America 's commitment to it if that trade were made . South Korea 's president , Moon Jae In , has sought a less hawkish approach to North Korea , preferring tougher sanctions instead of military maneuvers .
Trump is stuck with the same weak hand to respond to North Korea — but North Korea 's hand got stronger after the ICBM test
Sanctions tend to work much better before a country obtains what it wants , Greitens noted . In this case , North Korea achieved a big step toward its goal of having a missile that can carry a nuclear weapon to America 's largest cities . It 's going to be hard at this point to use sanctions to change North Korea 's behavior when Pyongyang feels like it is so close to the finish line .
And it 's not like North Korea sanctions are a new idea . In fact , sanctions have already been placed on key items being imported or exported by North Korea : weaponry big and small ; coal , minerals , and fuel ; luxury goods like yachts ; funding for its missile and nuclear programs ; and even a ban on travel into UN member states for those who work on the country 's nuclear program . On September 11 , the United Nations passed its harshest sanctions package it 's ever adopted against North Korea , which includes banning textiles exports and capping shipments of crude oil into the country . But even then North Korea continues to defy international pressure by improving its program .
There are also some other maneuvers Trump could take . He could try to increase the cyber program meant to sabotage North Korea 's missile launches within their first few seconds , which the Obama administration pioneered . Trump could also continue to send more aircraft carriers off the coast of the peninsula as a show of force , hoping to intimidate North Korea into stopping their tests .
Or , he could decide to just accept that North Korea is a nuclear power with the ability to strike America . After doing so , the US and its partners would seek to contain North Korea 's nuclear ambitions and deter an attack launched from Pyongyang . But accepting North Korea 's programs as they are is likely the least palatable for the tough-talking Trump .
So , the president is stuck with the same weak hand to respond to North Korea — but North Korea 's hand got stronger after the ICBM and nuclear weapon tests . It 's no wonder , then , that Trump tried something different by relying on China to solve the problem — even if it did n't work .
Trump 's reliance on China to handle North Korea was unlikely to work
Trump 's plan was to get China to make North Korea halt its missile and nuclear programs . But Kelly Magsamen , a top Asia Pentagon official in the Obama administration , never thought that was a good idea .
“ President Trump was foolish to outsource his North Korea strategy to China , ” she said in an interview . “ China can certainly play a major role , but they do n't share our interests . It takes more than one summit and a few tweets to address the North Korea challenge . ”
China 's failure to deliver was evident back in April when new data showed its trade with North Korea had increased by 37.4 percent in the first quarter of 2017 . North Korea 's economy is almost entirely dependent on China , with Beijing providing Pyongyang with food , fuel , and machinery . Had China cut that off , North Korea would 've been in trouble . But , clearly , the opposite happened .
Trump himself seems to realize now that China is unwilling to do America 's bidding on North Korea , per his tweet on July 5 .
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 % in the first quarter . So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 5 , 2017
That was a surprising turnaround for Trump , especially after he felt he and Xi came to an understanding on North Korea during their Mar-a-Lago summit back in April . Then again , Trump promised to be much tougher on China during the campaign , claiming he would deem it a currency manipulator on his first day in office . He later changed his mind on that . So , Trump decided to scrap the China plan , and now he has to decide what the new course of action will be .
Trump has sold himself as a dealmaker of unparalleled skill , and it 's possible he 'll come up with something creative and new . It 's more likely that he 'll find himself in the same bind as his predecessors .
I want to give the public an update on how my staff and City departments are working to accommodate the Occupy Seattle protests at Westlake Park .
We understand that Occupy Seattle wishes to have a sustained presence in Westlake Park for the purpose of expressing their views . From the outset we have been trying to work out a solution that meets the city 's needs and Occupy Seattle 's need to protest against wealth inequality in our country .
My staff has been reaching out to and communicating with members of Occupy Seattle . Here 's how we are proceeding :
We are providing a permit for protest activities at Westlake Park which will allow them to have an organizing tent that can remain overnight . As a condition of the permit , protestors will have to allow for cleaning of the park , protect park property , accommodate the other existing permitted events , and protect access to businesses .
We are making City Hall Plaza available for those that wish to stay overnight , with reasonable restrictions on the tents so as to allow free use of the plaza during the day . Unlike Westlake , City Hall also has restroom facilities available . Both the permit and the ability to set up tents at City Hall Plaza would last for two weeks , at which point we can assess whether the arrangement is meeting everyone 's needs and should be extended .
These are extraordinary times . We have seen the Occupy Wall Street movement take off in cities across the country , and there 's a reason for it . There is real anger about the unprecedented concentration of wealth and power in this country and the inequality it has produced . I share the values and the message of the Occupy Wall Street movement . We want to provide the opportunity for the people of Seattle to express their views . And we are .
Posted by : Mayor Mike McGinn
Andy Murray ( right ) played a single and a doubles match at the charity event in Glasgow
Britain 's Andy Murray hopes to make his competitive return in Brisbane in January following a hip injury - but only if he is 100 % fit .
The Scot lost 6-3 3-6 10-6 to world number two Roger Federer as part of a charity event in Glasgow on Tuesday .
It was the first time Murray , 30 , had played in public since he lost to Sam Querrey at Wimbledon in July .
`` I am in a significantly better place than at the end of Wimbledon and in the build-up to the US Open , '' said Murray .
`` Walking was a big problem for me [ at that time ] , '' he told BBC Sport .
Murray , who slipped to 16th in the latest world rankings , said he was confident of getting back to full fitness , but admitted that it could take time for him to find his best form .
He will travel to Miami later in the year for his regular off-season training block and `` hopes '' to return to competition at the Brisbane International in January .
The tournament is held two weeks before the Australian Open , the first Grand Slam of 2018 , which gets under way on 15 January .
`` When I get back on the court again my best form might not come immediately but there 's nothing that 's making me think I ca n't find it , '' Murray added .
`` I 'll come back when I 'm ready and 100 % fit . I believe I will get back to that . ''
Murray also played a double match with brother Jamie against Tim Henman and Mansour Bahrami during Tuesday 's 'Andy Murray Live ' event in Glasgow .
Analysis
BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller in Glasgow
Eight weeks before his hoped for return in Brisbane , Murray put down an encouraging marker as he was beaten 10-6 in a deciding tie-break in Glasgow .
There was time for Federer to hold serve in a kilt early in the second set ( he was told to 'Get yer kilt back on ' when he lost the first few points after dispensing with it ) , but there were also plenty of competitive rallies .
Federer - on his first visit to Scotland - played in a kilt at one stage
We are getting used to seeing Murray walk with a slight limp but for the most part he ran and moved well . He covered a lot of ground in rallies which frequently switched direction , and struck the ball soundly .
His serve is not yet back up to full speed , but that is only to be expected of someone rehabbing a serious hip problem .
Next to Miami , where two weeks of pre-season training will give him a clearer picture of whether he will be celebrating the New Year in Australia .
US Open bid ' a mistake '
Murray endured a frustrating 2017 season in terms of both form and fitness . He was knocked out of the Australian Open in the fourth round and went on to miss a month with an elbow injury .
He fared better at the French Open , reaching the semi-finals , but lost in the first round at Queen 's Club before visibly struggling with the hip as his Wimbledon title defence was ended by Querrey in the quarter-finals .
Still ranked number one , Murray travelled to New York for the US Open but pulled out two days before the tournament began having failed to recover sufficiently .
`` I made , probably , a bit of a mistake trying to get ready for the US Open but it was the last major of the year , '' said Murray .
`` I 've been training for a few weeks now . Some days I 've felt great , some days I 've felt not so good , but I 'm getting there . ''
Federer , who missed the latter half of the 2016 season with a knee injury before winning the Australian Open and Wimbledon this year , said it was `` wise and worthwhile '' to take time to recover .
`` When you come back , you want to be at 100 % . Otherwise you feel like you ca n't beat the best and ca n't win the major tournaments , '' said the 36-year-old Swiss .
`` I 'm sure Andy has a lot of years left . You need to have goals but sometimes they need to be postponed . ''
Media playback is not supported on this device Emotional Murray withdraws from US Open
' I miss playing tennis '
Murray said his `` goals have changed '' after the second lengthy injury break of his career , following back surgery in 2013 that kept him out for several months .
`` I just want to play tennis again . It 's my life and my job , and that 's my goal just now , '' he said .
Murray became world number one for the first time at the end of 2016 but having not played since July , he has now dropped out of the top 10 for the first time since October 2014 .
`` Last year , I played a lot of tennis , especially at the end of the year . My goals have changed now , '' he said .
`` When you 're fit and healthy , you want to win every tournament and get to number one in the world . When you 're not playing , it 's like , I miss playing tennis .
`` I just love to be back on a match court and competing again . ''
A handful of tech hubs in the world are working overtime to follow in the footsteps of northern California 's Silicon Valley . Recently Tech & Science scoped out several world cities that are doing their best to earn their own “ Silicon ( something ) ” monikers . We took a look at why these cities were inspiring techonomies .
# 4 London
The UK tech scene is ironing out a few kinks and gearing itself up to create a scene that will allow ideas to morph more quickly into ramped up companies . The government funded Tech City Investment Organization offers strategy , support and international connections to London and UK tech entrepreneurs , while the Technology Strategy Board hands out public money to worthy startups .
Some inspiring startups that have come out of London include TransferWise , a peer-to-peer platform that allows people to transfer money to others while abroad at a lower cost than banks can offer . There 's also the bite-sized news aggregation app , Summly , from wiz kid Nick D'Aloisio . London 's Canary Wharf is now home to Level39—an accelerator unveiled this past December by London Mayor Boris Johnson .
Want to see the lay of the London tech scene ? Check out this map , it will freak you right out .
# 3 Tel Aviv
Israel 's Silicon Valley is known as “ Silicon Wadi , ” ( it means Silicon Valley ) and Tel Aviv has had some tech successes to boast about . The mighty Google just set up shop in the city this past December , opening a one-floor shared work environment available for free to Israeli startups , developers and entrepreneurs . The word from those who ply their trade in Tel Aviv tell a story of a techonomy that is much closer knit than its northern Californian counterpart , which streamlines the process of getting things done and make projects tackled there quicker to come to fruition .
Some Tel Aviv startups on the move include the personal video stream creator , Vodio ; and gaming company JamRT . You may have also heard of the open source freeware media player , Boxee .
# 2 Washington D.C .
The center of political power in the United States draws more than just tourists , lobbyists and attention-hungry politicians ; it 's proven a magnet for tech entrepreneurs too . The population of engineers and idea-people with a mind to start a business has drawn venture money , according to a report .
Some D.C. startups you may have heard of include the deal aggregator LivingSocial , wedding organization assistant WeddingWire and social news platform Newsit .
For a massive list of startups budding in the nation 's capitol , check out this site that tracks a ton of them .
# 1 Hong Kong
We at FORBES have a thing or two to say about Hong Kong 's prospective place among the very top tech hubs on the planet . Contributor Rebecca Fannin recently explored what it is that makes the city worth watching .
Fannin found that its Hong Kong 's perhaps unrealized potential that makes the city such a compelling prospect in the near future . With a community of innovative and ambitious entrepreneurs on one side and a population of internationally traveled , wealthy tycoons on the other , Hong Kong could be a powder keg of a techonomy waiting to explode .
Coworking space like CoCoon , begun by entrepreneur Theodore Ma and the AcceleratorHK are up and running and startup culture is breaking through barriers like smaller funding possibilities ( for now ) and lack of big picture dreams for products . Other startup breeding grounds include The Hive Hong Kong , The Hong Kong Science and Technology Park Incubation Program and Startups HK .
Some HK startups include fashion crowdfunding platform ZaoZao and photo to t-shirt company SnapTee .
Honorable Mention :
Boston & Austin
We did n't forget about you guys . This list was about cities to watch and we are all , indeed , watching the founding ground of companies like PerkStreet Financial , LearnLaunchX , Gazzang and Bazaarvoice . We always loved Boston and Austin , but let 's take a moment to put the spotlight on these other cities and see if they turn the corner .
Also , check out a handful of other tech capitals already churning out startups and products in the slideshow below . Cheers !
Written by Greg Ellifritz
Recently at work I responded to a chaotic situation . It started out as an “ Officer in Trouble ” call . That 's the call that is saved for only the most dire situations . When a fellow cop airs that code , every other cop within about 10 miles ( regardless of jurisdiction ) rolls out . And by “ roll out ” , I mean move heaven and earth to get to the scene as quickly as possible because one of his co-workers is likely getting hurt or killed .
A police sergeant from a neighboring agency put out that call last week . When the call aired I was only about a quarter of a mile away . Light up the roof . Hit the siren . Go .
I was the first backup car on scene and drove into a mess that consisted of a woman screaming “ rape ” , a guy wearing sweat pants with a badge in his hand , a uniformed police officer , and an unknown man holding a gun . Several of these characters were fighting on the ground in the middle of a busy four-lane road .
The uniformed cop who put out the call and I got things handled pretty quickly . No one was seriously hurt and a crisis was averted ; but let me back up a little and explain how this all came about… .
A woman stole a couple very expensive purses from a department store and ran out into the parking lot . Unbeknownst to her , she was being watched by store loss prevention officers . One of the officers identified himself and ordered her to stop . He gave chase when she did n't . The loss prevention officer was dressed as an inconspicuous shopper to better blend in . He was wearing sweat pants and a T-shirt .
He caught up with the thief in the parking lot and tackled her . She began striking him in the face with her closed fist and was able to break away and begin running . Even though the store employee was taller than the criminal , she outweighed him by at least 20 pounds .
He continued the chase , knocking her to the ground again . She again beat him until she was able to get free and resume running .
When he caught up to her the third time , they were right on the edge of a very busy road . He took her to the ground again and began trying to restrain her . He was on top of her in the middle of the road and trying to get his cell phone out of his pocket to call the police . She 's still hitting him and trying to escape .
Our robber ( a theft involving force is classified as a robbery in my state ) got the bright idea that she needed some help . She began yelling “ Rape ! Rape ! He 's raping me ! ” as loud as she could . Her cries were heard by a man driving by . That man had a gun . The gunman parked his car in the middle of the road , drew his gun and came to the assistance of the “ rape victim ” .
He pointed his gun at the loss prevention employee ( who happened to be a part-time police officer as well ) and said “ Let her go or I 'm going to shoot you in the head ! ”
The robber is still fighting as the loss prevention officer screams out “ I 'm a cop ! ” and thrusts his hand into the pocket of his pants to pull out his badge . The white knight rescuer is unconvinced and likely thinks that the “ rapist ” is going for a gun . He closes the distance and prepares to take a shot while the loss prevention officer and the robber continue to struggle . Finally , the badge comes out . The man with the gun did n't know what to do and was just standing there with a stunned look on his face .
At that very moment , the police sergeant who made the original call drives by and sees what 's going on . She gets out to investigate . She has no idea what 's happening . She sees a battered dude in sweat pants with a badge in his hand fighting hard with a woman screaming “ rape ” , and a guy pointing a gun at both of them . She draws her weapon and thinking that someone is about to shoot a cop , puts out the “ officer in trouble ” call .
The man with the gun sees the uniformed police sergeant and the marked cruiser and decides to leave things in her hands . He shoves the gun into his waistband , jumps into his car , and drives away .
The sergeant does n't have any idea what role the fleeing gunman played in this drama , but he 's gone and she sees a dude with a badge still fighting a woman in the middle of the road . She wades in and starts to help . By then , I 'm rolling up . I never saw the man with the gun even though he drove past me within 100 yards of the scene .
I recognize the loss prevention officer from past calls to his store and see the badge in his hand . I wrestle the woman 's arms behind her back and it takes all three of us to get her cuffed . Once she 's secure , the loss prevention officer and the police sergeant fill me in on what had happened .
There was the potential for some life-threatening negative outcomes for everyone involved . Fortunately , luck was on our side and everything worked out . The bad guy ( or girl in this case ) goes to jail and no one is hurt except for the loss prevention officer who took a few punches to the face .
Most of you carry firearms on a daily basis and want to do the right thing . What would you do if you were driving on a busy street in the middle of the day and you see a young male fighting with a woman who is screaming about being raped ? There 's a lot to learn from this scenario .
1 ) Know what you are getting into . The law generally allows you to use deadly force to defend an innocent third party from what you believe is likely to result in serious injury or death . The key word here is “ innocent ” . A robber resisting arrest is not an innocent third party no matter how many times she yells “ rape ” . You can testify all you want about what she said and how you thought she was being attacked . It wo n't matter much as you wither under the prosecutor 's questions :
“ You claim you thought she was being raped . Were any of her clothes removed ? Were any of the “ suspect 's ” clothes removed ? ”
“ You testified that you drive this route often . How many times have you seen a rape at that location at three p.m. in the middle of a busy four-lane road ? ”
“ You testified that you heard the victim yell out “ I 'm a cop ” before pulling the trigger . Do you really believe that a police officer is going to rape a woman in the middle of a busy street in broad daylight ? ”
“ So tell me again why you thought it was justified to kill this off duty police officer ? Is it because you believed the words of a convicted robber ? Or is it because you got a CCW permit and carry a gun so that you can kill people ? ”
You see how this is going to play out . Even if you avoid conviction , you will have to take out another mortgage on your house to pay off the lawyer fees . Things are not always as they seem . Do n't be in a rush to save the day when you are n't fully aware of what 's happening .
2 ) Have you ever trained to take a shot like this ? Hitting the correct person among two or more moving/fighting people is difficult . Your bullseye target shooting experience or four- hour CCW class wo n't give you the skill set you need to make this shot successfully . Do you know how to close the distance and make a contact shot ? Do you know how deeply your carry ammunition penetrates in flesh ? Do you know how to alter the angle of your shot so that an over penetrating bullet does n't hit an innocent person ? You need to think about all of these things before you are capable of saving someone in a situation like this .
3 ) Be prepared for police intervention . When the guns come out , the cops show up . It 's almost like a rule . When the cops show up , you do n't want to be acting aggressively with a gun in your hand . Remember , the cops do n't know who you are . Do n't look like a criminal suspect or pose a threat to them in any way . Be actively watching for their arrival . Try to avoid having a gun in your hand when they get there .
Holster up or immediately obey the officers ' commands when they arrive . That may mean that the criminal gets away . That 's OK , we 'll catch him later . An escaped criminal is way better than a dead CCW permit holder who expected the cops to somehow magically know that he 's the “ good guy . ”
4 ) Do n't flee the scene of a crime . The guy with the gun took off here . That was probably a bad move on his part . A poorly trained officer or another CCW carrier might decide to shoot someone fleeing the scene with a gun after they see a cop being hurt . It 's the wrong choice to make and would n't be ruled justified , but I 've seen it happen with my own eyes .
If the initial officer aired a description of the fleeing vehicle , it would likely be stopped by other cops within minutes . It would be considered a “ felony stop ” where they would order the driver out of the car and onto the ground at gunpoint . You do n't want to be put in that position .
It 's fine to get to a position of safety , but do n't flee from the scene of a shooting or after you draw your weapon .
5 ) Make sure your weapon is loaded and that you are using good tactics . I was puzzled when the loss prevention officer told me that he stuck his hand in his pocket while he was being held at gunpoint . I would n't have done that .
The officer explained to me : “ He was close enough that I could have swatted his gun away , but I did n't need to . He had a .38 revolver and I could see that all of the holes in the cylinder were empty . The gun was n't loaded . I knew he could n't shoot me if he wanted to . ”
There are two issues here . the first one was that OUR HERO 'S GUN WAS UNLOADED ! Did he know that ? I do n't know . But I do know that an unloaded gun is pretty useless against a loaded one . Carry your weapon loaded . You wo n't have time to load it in an emergency .
The second issue is one of tactics . If you are holding a suspect at gunpoint , do n't close to a distance where he can disarm you . If you need to get closer ( to be more sure of your shot , for instance ) use a retention position or take approach from an angle that prevents the suspect from disarming you . Do n't neglect firearms retention skills in your training regime either . They are important .
I 'm glad this story has a happy ending . I 'm also glad that the CCW permit holder tried to stop what he thought was a violent crime in progress . Let 's use this story as a way to improve all of our tactics and training so that more criminals are apprehended and fewer good guys are mistakenly shot .
This article originally appeared in the Nov/Dec 2013 issue of Concealed Carry Magazine .
If you would like to read more articles like this , please sign up for my email updates .
With science under attack under President Donald Trump as never before in recent memory , this weekend 's March for Science has engendered broad , enthusiastic support , with more than 500 satellite marches listed . The role of science in illuminating the threat of global warming , and how to respond , is a key catalyst behind both the attacks and the response — and for good reason . It 's hard to imagine anything more high-stakes than the gamble we 're taking on our planet 's future .
Yet the attack on science is broader than global warming , or the environment in general , and there 's still debate and reflection about the idea of the march itself . Some in the field still express reluctance to become politically engaged in fighting back — science should n't be political , they feel . There are also concerns around science 's elite status .
Advertisement :
“ Unintentionally , marchers may reinforce the negative stereotype that science is n't for everyone , ” said Troy Livingston , Director of the Science Gallery Lab in Detroit , in a collection of views published on the Union of Concerned Scientists website . `` I believe strongly in the values inspiring the march . But I also believe it will be a mostly white , mostly privileged and elitist group who will not be or appear inclusive of all people . ''
Those concerns are taken seriously by many organizers as well , however . The Los Angeles March for Science explicitly stresses the importance of diversity , as explained in its FAQ : `` This is a March for Science ... and diversity is a big part of that . The diversity of life is what makes its study so fascinating ! More specifically , the greater the variety of those who are doing science , and of their interests and perspectives , the better and broader the science and learning to be done . Our core principles and values are strengthened , not distracted , by our commitment to diversity and inclusion . ''
But there 's another fundamental issue involved that does n't receive nearly enough attention when people talk about science : the value of social trust , which is the glue that holds everything human together . Although the notion of the isolated scientific genius is a popular one — and accurately captures a particular aspect of the scientific process — modern science is a profoundly social endeavor . “ If I have seen further , ” Isaac Newton famously wrote in a letter to Robert Hooke , “ it is by standing on the shoulders of giants . '' Even the quintessential lone genius of classical physics and mathematics was not an isolated figure at all , however much he might have seemed that way to others .
Three centuries later , it 's inescapable that scientific progress is only possible because the norms of the scientific community ensure high levels of social trust . Scientists routinely rely on the integrity of the work of others in everything they do , to a degree that would be unthinkable , say , in the world of real estate developers , used-car salesmen or politicians . Now , at a time when social trust in general is so badly frayed , it 's a time to recognize and celebrate its fundamental role in making science work for all of us .
To really appreciate what I 'm talking about , consider what philosopher Brian Keeley wrote in a 1999 paper , “ Of Conspiracy Theories. ” The problem with “ unwarranted conspiracy theories , ” he explained , “ is not their unfalsifiability , but rather the increasing degree of skepticism required by such theories as positive evidence for the conspiracy fails to obtain . ”
What Keeley is referring to here includes what 's come to be known as conspiracy theory 's “ self-sealing ” characteristic : if evidence against the conspiracy theory comes from a new source Y , the theory expands to include Y as part of the conspiracy . This self-sealing property is key to how global warming denialists have come to believe that vast majority of the world 's climate scientists are involved in perpetuating a “ hoax , ” as Donald Trump has called it . “ As a result of this process , ” Keeley writes , “ an initial claim that a small group of people is conspiring gives way to claims of larger and larger conspiracies . ”
Advertisement :
As this kind of dynamic takes over , Keeley notes :
These theories throw into doubt the various institutions that have been set up to generate reliable data and evidence . In doing so , they reveal just how large a role trust in both institutions and individuals plays in the justification of our beliefs . This point is key : Social trust is fundamental in making scientific knowledge possible . Without social trust — not blind , unwarranted trust , but trust , nonetheless — not only would scientific progress screech to a halt , we would n't even have a static foundation of existing scientific fact : The problem is this : Most of us , including those of us who are scientists and who work in scientific laboratories full of expensive equipment , have never carried out the experiments or made the empirical observations that support most contemporary scientific theories . Unless we want to conclude that the vast majority of us are not warranted in believing that the platypus is a mammal and that gold is an atomic element , we need some procedure by which the epistemic warrant obtained by those who do make the appropriate observations can be transferred to the rest of us . In modern science , this procedure involves the elaborate mechanisms of publication , peer review , professional reputation , university accreditation and so on . So we are warranted in believing the claims of science because these claims are the result of a social mechanism of warranted belief production .
When speaking of trust here , we are not talking about huge leaps of faith . Scientists are socialized to check and double-check things — to check their own work as well as one another 's . It 's what they do . If anything , scientists have long been portrayed as existential skeptics , as doubters , unbelievers , who trust in nothing . But that 's quite mistaken : They believe in being skeptical , in questioning . They trust in the process of systematically doubting , trying to poke holes in things to see what really holds up . And they trust in one another as recognized practitioners in the same skeptical tradition . Their trust is not taken on faith — it is built on years , decades , centuries of practice . It is something that each and every scientist has participated in creating as a direct product of how science is done on daily basis . It is , quite literally , inseparable from the work of science , and the knowledge that comes from it .
Science does not exist in isolation , Keeley notes . The public sphere has related mechanisms for producing warranted beliefs — the free press , government agencies , and free agents like conspiracy theorists themselves . “ Inherent in the claim that alleged evidence against a theory should be construed as evidence for that theory is a pervasive skepticism about our public , fact-gathering institutions and the individuals working in them , ” he concludes . This is where the problem of social trust is more usually recognized and observed . Trust in a set of eight institutions Gallup has tracked since 1985 — the churches , the military , the Supreme Court , banks , public schools , newspapers , Congress and organized labor — fell from an average 50.9 percent then to 32.5 percent in 2016 .
This sort of broad decline in public trust is consistent with the erosion of cooperation observed in numerous societies during periods of disintegration , which alternate with periods of integration usually lasting a century or more each . American history has followed the same pattern , only a bit more rapidly than most , as explored in detail by Peter Turchin in `` Ages of Discord : A Structural-Demographic Analysis of American History , '' which I reviewed here last October . While polling on public attitudes is relatively new , the rise and fall of levels of social strife can be traced back thousands of years , and America today is heading toward a peak period of discord around 2020 , according to a set of underlying trends Turchin cited in a 2010 letter to Nature . The stagnation of wages combined with the explosion of inequality over a period of decades is two of the most salient features of the underlying dynamic .
Advertisement :
Turchin did n't specifically predict the election of Trump , and his spectacular elevation of conspiracy theories and science-bashing , but Trump fits well within the historical patterns of the past , as a frustrated elite aspirant playing on long-building popular resentments to propel him to power . Historically , figures like the Gracchus brothers , Tiberius and Gaius , during the Roman Republic , have often actually delivered — or died trying to deliver — on promises of restoring economic justice . But Trumpian hollow opportunism is common as well . There are plenty of modern elements implicated in the story — the Gracchus brothers did n't have Twitter — but the severe erosion of social trust that Trump both feeds on and feeds into is a recurrent phenomenon seen over and over again throughout history . The good news is that eventually trust is restored . The bad news is what happens before that .
Science can not undo the historical forces at work that have so weakened the bonds of trust , but it can help us respond more effectively . It can help us understand those forces — as the work of Turchin and others does — and that understanding can help form the foundations for turning the tide and avoiding the worst of what ages of discord so often bring . What 's more , the fact that science itself embodies such high levels of social trust provides us with an untapped resource on which to draw . Scientists are still in the early learning stages of engaging in science communication with anything close to the skill , discipline and rigor they bring to the work of science itself , but that is clearly beginning to change .
A key part of this communication must necessarily involve communicating the value of trust . And to do that , it needs to be much more consciously recognized , developed and fully realized . The concerns that Livingston raised are very real and important . Systemic problems such as gender bias in citations need to be recognized as damaging both the advancement of scientific knowledge and the underlying bonds of social trust as well . Scientific knowledge knows no boundaries of race , culture , gender , or sexual orientation , but the practice of science , by fallible individuals , in imperfect institutions , is itself in need of scientific self-examination in order to overcome its own shortcomings . In doing so , science becomes ever more able to enrich us all .
Advertisement :
`` Imagination is more important than knowledge , ” Einstein wrote . “ For knowledge is limited , whereas imagination embraces the entire world , stimulating progress , giving birth to evolution . It is , strictly speaking , a real factor in scientific research . '' It is imagination , coupled with curiosity , that first draws children to science , like bees to honey . And the March for Science is very much a march for imagination .
But it is also a march for social trust , because social trust is key to sharing our imagination . It , too , is a real factor — indeed , an indispensable factor — in scientific research , and all life as well . That trust is now deeply imperiled in our society at large , and it will not easily be restored . Nor should it be easy . Trust should be earned , every day .
“ I 'm all for political activism , but I worry , just like with the Women 's March , that many people will call this march their contribution to this cause and leave it at that , ” Livingston said . “ What will matter most is not what happens on the day of the march but everything all of us have done and will do every other day of the year . ”
Advertisement :
That is where the real test will come . But the March for Science will reaffirm our resolve to face that test every day . It will strengthen the bonds of social trust we all need to fight for .
The Mariners are 4-2 and alone in first place in the division after their first road trip of the season . ( AP )
By Shannon Drayer
SEATTLE , Wash. – Yes . Seattle . It is great to be home after being away for all but three days since Feb. 17 . I am not complaining by any means . Covering spring training is a great , if not exhausting assignment with long days and few days off . It is where you learn the most about the team you cover .
Despite the time spent in Arizona we still leave with a ton of questions every year . The first being : what did it all mean ? What did a month and a half of what we saw day-in and day-out in Arizona actually mean in relation to what we will see the next six months ? You you simply do n't know at that point . There are some general assessments you can make but until you get into regular-season games – games that count , games where the focus for each one is n't working on something or taking a look at somebody or trying something out , but winning – you just do n't know .
That 's what makes the first week so interesting . You have ideas of what they could be as individuals or a team but you do n't know . Whereas in June you may be able to predict with a good level of certainty what is going to happen in certain situations , the first weeks bring surprises . This year was no different . Some quick thoughts :
The Mariners should be 5-1 . Okay , we do n't know that for sure . The Mariners did not play flawless baseball Thursday in Oakland but I am fairly confident that they played better baseball than the A 's and far better baseball than what home-plate umpire Sean Barber was seeing in his little world behind the plate that night . It is what it is . It happens in the sport of baseball , which is far from perfect . You have to move on from it . What I take away from it , however , is the Mariners were really only outperformed by their opponent in one game this trip . It does n't count as a “ W ” , but it is still a good thing .
The starting pitching has the ability to keep them afloat until Hisashi Iwakuma and Taijuan Walker return . This is actually not a revelation to me . I have been saying it all spring but I will say it again . I do n't think most realized how good James Paxton was or that he even had a spot in the rotation locked upcoming into camp . Everyone else not named Felix Hernandez is a question mark but question marks with the ability to do good things . We know what Erasmo Ramirez is at his best and we know what he is at his worst . We saw both in a span of a week . We know that Roenis Elias has good stuff . We saw him battle a patient lineup with a umpire having a bad night and keep his cool enough to show that stuff for five innings . I feel confident that Chris Young has the ability to keep this team in games on most days . There most likely is more upside but we have n't had a good chance to see it yet .
The fear heading into the season was that the rotation was a disaster . The closest thing to a disaster we saw came Sunday in Oakland where Ramirez had to be lifted from the game in the fifth inning . One week in and the bullpen has yet to be taxed . Never mind the 1.62 ERA the starters took into Sunday 's game . Will we see that next week ? Probably not , but if you split the difference between that and complete disaster I think they will be okay until the reinforcements arrive . Which brings up something else of interest to watch . Who gets the permanent No . 3 spot in the rotation ? We will be watching a month-long audition until Hisashi Iwakuma comes back between Ramirez , Elias and Young . The rest will be depth . Hey ! Where did that come from ?
They brought the bats with them from Arizona . This is the biggest surprise for me . Not because I did n't think they would but because I knew there was a good possibility they would n't . I know better than to put any faith in spring numbers for hitters . You can get an idea of what they could do by focusing on the final 10 days of spring training , but there are still no guarantees . It is just a different ballgame once the season begins .
Put aside the individual performances and I think we see something even more encouraging . This team is putting up good at-bat after good at-bat . They are making pitchers work with no starter going more than 6 1/3 innings against them so far . Their walk rate is a healthy 9.1 percent , which is top 10 , and they are fourth in swinging at strikes in the strike zone , 24th at swinging outside the strike zone . Now the bad news here is their contact rates are n't great but when they do n't miss their pitch they have been doing damage with some of the best power numbers in baseball .
McClendon 's in charge . There is probably no one I watched closer than the skipper this spring and first week . While the manager ca n't go out and get a hit for the team I do believe that with a young group at such a pivotal time for both the franchise and a number of individuals , the manager takes a bigger role . He has set a tone and an interesting one at that . One of the most curious things for me this spring was to watch the workouts , which started earlier and were more intense than anything I can remember , and to have a competitive camp with positions to be earned or lost , yet have every player I talked to tell me it was a loose camp . For some reason the players were more relaxed . McClendon said on a number of occasions heading into the camp that he thought the players needed to relax a bit and this was accomplished , but not at the expense of work or intensity . He achieved a good balance and I think he did it by establishing individual relationships early , being clear in his direction and then getting out of the way and letting them do their work and come together in the clubhouse .
Now that the season has started we have seen McClendon 's impact in a number of ways . We have seen hit and runs . We have seen steals called from the bench ( not a lot of green lights with this group ) we saw a pickoff move called and executed beautifully by Joe Beimel . I have seen conversations with Abraham Almonte , whose talent needs to be harnessed carefully . We have seen McClendon make trips to the mound to focus pitchers , not take them out .
McClendon has come into the season with his ideas of what roles and lineups will be and it will be interesting to see how he adjusts . We have already seen one move with Hector Noesi designated for assignment . It will be interesting to see how he balances the right field/designated hitter mix and bullpen roles .
This group has come together . This is pure observation , I ca n't put any numbers on this but this group is together . The mix feels right . Robinson Cano is a huge part of this and no doubt you saw it on TV in the first week . Justin Smoak running to him after his first home run and Cano playfully telling him he was done teaching him anything . Cano making trips to the mound in tough situations , grabbing the rosin bag , uttering a quick word and running back to his spot . Cano in the dugout talking with Elias during his first start and taking him to dinner two nights before that start .
I saw a hitter talking to a pitcher about what he saw on a pitch that got hit and following each game in Oakland I saw pretty much the entire team sitting around two tables eating their postgame meals and talking about the game . You do n't seem to have different corners of the clubhouse that might be a concern . Everybody seems to be on the same page . No one seems to be wrapped up in an individual struggle . For lack of a better word they just seem together as a group . This is how McClendon has them .
“ Commitment , accountability and responsibility . That encompasses a lot of things , ” he said . “ From being early instead of being on time to taking care of your teammates and being responsible for each other . If you try to live inside that circle , I think it takes care of everything . ”
Gag Orders Are Unconstitutional And Give The FBI Unchecked Power To Hide Abuses , ACLU Says
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media @ aclu.org
NEW YORK – In oral arguments today , the American Civil Liberties Union urged a federal appeals court to uphold a decision striking down the national security letter ( NSL ) provision of the Patriot Act . This provision gives the FBI the authority to issue letters demanding private information about people within the United States , and to place the recipients of the letters under indefinite gag orders . Recent reports issued by the Department of Justice 's Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) have revealed the FBI 's widespread , systemic abuse of its NSL power .
`` The FBI should n't have the unreviewable power to impose gag orders on the recipients of national security letters , '' said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project who argued today in court . `` As the district court ruled , the FBI 's power to silence the recipients of these letters has to be subject to judicial oversight . Without that check , the FBI can use its power to hide abuses and silence its critics – and that 's exactly what it 's been doing . ''
The ACLU and New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in April 2004 on behalf of an Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) that received an NSL . Because the FBI imposed a gag order on the ISP , the lawsuit was filed under seal , and even today the ACLU is prohibited from disclosing its client 's identity . The FBI continues to maintain the gag order even though the underlying investigation is more than four years old ( and may well have ended ) , and even though the FBI abandoned its demand for records from the ISP over a year ago .
In the lawsuit , now called Doe v. Mukasey , the ACLU initially challenged both the FBI 's power to demand records without judicial oversight and its power to impose gag orders on NSL recipients .
In September 2004 , Judge Victor Marrero of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York struck down the NSL statute , ruling that the FBI could not constitutionally demand sensitive records without judicial review and that permanent gag orders violated the First Amendment guarantee of free speech . The government appealed the ruling , but Congress amended the NSL provision before the court issued a decision .
`` This amendment violates not only the First Amendment 's strong presumption in favor of free speech but also impermissibly limits the capacity of courts to behave as courts and to adjudicate fairly the propriety of any gag order , '' said Arthur Eisenberg , NYCLU Legal Director .
The ACLU brought a new challenge to the amended provision , and in September 2007 , Judge Marrero again found the statute unconstitutional . Today , the ACLU presented oral arguments in the government 's appeal of that decision .
Bills aimed at bringing the NSL authority back in line with the Constitution were introduced last year in both the House and Senate after reports had confirmed and detailed the widespread abuse of the authority by federal law enforcement . Since the Patriot Act was passed in 2001 , relaxing restrictions on the FBI 's use of the power , the number of NSLs issued has seen an astronomical increase , to nearly 200,000 between 2003 and 2006 . A March 2008 OIG report revealed that , among other abuses , the FBI misused NSLs to sidestep the authority of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) . In one instance , the FBI issued NSLs to obtain information after the FISC twice refused its requests on First Amendment grounds . The OIG also found that the FBI continues to impose gag orders on about 97 percent of NSL recipients and that , in some cases , the FBI failed to sufficiently justify why the gag orders were imposed in the first place .
In addition to this case , the ACLU has challenged this Patriot Act statute multiple times . One case was brought on behalf of a group of Connecticut librarians and another case , called Internet Archive v. Mukasey , involved an NSL served on a digital library in California . In the latter case , the FBI withdrew the NSL and the gag as part of the settlement of a legal challenge brought by the ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Attorneys in Doe v. Mukasey are Jaffer , Melissa Goodman and L. Danielle Tully of the ACLU National Security Project and Eisenberg of the NYCLU .
The ACLU 's brief can be found online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/nationalsecurityletters/34476lgl20080310.html
More information on Doe v. Mukasey and NSLs is available online at : www.aclu.org/nsl
Superman : Deadly Legacy is a special-edition “ humanitarian comic book ” featuring Superman [ 1 ] that promotes “ landmine awareness ” among children , particularly from countries where there are active landmines after war . The Superman comic book was published by DC Comics , the United States government , and United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund ( UNICEF ) in 1996 . [ 1 ] In Superman : Deadly Legacy , Superman – a well-known superhero in the United States and Europe – acts as a teacher educating children about the dangers of landmines . The target countries for disseminating copies of the comic book include Bosnia , [ 2 ] the Former Yugoslavia , and Kosovo . [ 3 ]
In Bosnia , the free comic book was distributed by a peacekeeping force led by North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) and the Action Center located in Sarajevo . [ 2 ]
Plot [ edit ]
In Superman : Deadly Legacy , Superman rescues two Bosnian boys from a minefield and from a booby-trapped house . During one of the events , a dog was wounded by the explosion and did not survive . [ 2 ]
Languages [ edit ]
Superman : Deadly Legacy was published in English , Serbian , and Croatian . The Serbo-Croatian comic book had two versions , namely in Latin/Roman and Cyrillic scripts . The Latin script was geared towards Bosnian Muslims and Croats , while the Cyrillic script was for the Serbs . [ 2 ]
According to DC Comics president Jenette Kahn , there were plans of publishing a Portuguese version of Superman : Deadly Legacy and Superman and Wonder Woman – the Hidden Killer for dissemination in Angola and Mozambique . Superman and Wonder Woman – the Hidden Killer is a `` companion '' comic book title published in English and Spanish for Superman : Deadly Legacy for promoting landmine safety . The Superman and Wonder Woman – the Hidden Killer comic book was distributed in Central American countries such as Costa Rica , Honduras , and Nicaragua . [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
One of the initiator of the idea for using the comic book medium as a tool for promoting landmine awareness was then First Lady of the United States Hillary Clinton , after visiting Bosnia and after reviewing a mine awareness coloring book for younger children . Superman became the feature character for the comic book because of his status as a “ citizen of the world ” . [ 3 ] Another initiator of the concept of publishing Superman : Deadly Legacy as a mine-awareness project was Madeleine Albright , a former chief of delegates of the United States at the United Nations . Albright contacted American singer Judy Collins , then a special envoy of UNICEF . Collins , in turn , reached out to DC Comics through Warner Bros .. DC Comics is a division of Warner Bros. [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Polish President Andrzej Duda unexpectedly announced on Monday he would veto two of three judicial reform bills passed by parliament that have triggered nationwide protests and raised EU and U.S. concerns about a politicization of the courts .
Duda , an ally of the ruling right-wing , eurosceptic Law and Justice ( PiS ) party , said while he agreed with the government on the need for an overhaul of the judiciary , the proposed measures were not in line with the constitution .
Prime Minister Beata Szydlo , clearly disappointed , said her government would not “ yield to pressure ” to drop the reforms but did not say how it would now proceed . PiS lacks a big enough parliamentary majority to overturn Duda 's veto .
“ I use the right of veto because ( the proposals ) require changes to ensure they conform with the constitution , ” Duda said in a televised address to the nation , adding that he would shortly present his own proposals .
His action appeared to catch the government off guard , while drawing only a cautious response from Brussels . PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski , Poland 's most powerful politician though without a government post , made no public comment on the veto .
The overhaul of the judiciary , coupled with a drive by PiS to expand its powers in other areas , including control of media , has provoked a crisis in relations with the European Union and sparked one of the biggest political conflicts since Poland overthrew communism in 1989 .
Many Poles view the judiciary as corrupt and dominated by communist-era ways of thinking , while others see the government 's reform efforts as a power grab that will undermine Polish democracy .
For days , tens of thousands of protesters have held candlelit vigils in cities including Warsaw , Krakow and Poznan , demanding that Duda veto the reforms . Protests continued on Monday outside the PiS headquarters and Duda 's office in Warsaw .
“ A FAIR POLAND ”
In her own televised national address on Monday evening , Szydlo said : “ We all want to live in a fair Poland , this is why the reform of the courts is needed ... Today 's veto by the president has slowed down work on the reform . ”
The government would not “ yield to pressure from the street and from abroad ” , she added .
Under the vetoed reforms , all current Supreme Court judges would have been immediately removed except those approved by the justice minister , who is also the prosecutor general .
They would also have given parliament the right to name most of the members of the National Council of the Judiciary , which would nominate future candidates for the president to appoint to the Supreme Court .
“ Reform in this form will not increase the sense of security and justice ... Change has to be made in a way that does n't separate society and state , ” Duda said in announcing his veto .
Poland 's President Andrzej Duda leaves after his media announcement about Supreme Court legislation at Presidential Palace in Warsaw , Poland , July 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
He later held talks with Szydlo and the speakers of the two houses of parliament .
The opposition and most legal experts say the changes would violate the Polish constitution . The government says the courts currently serve only the “ elites ” and rejects suggestions that Poland is heading towards authoritarian rule .
The European Commission last Wednesday gave Poland a week to shelve the reforms , which Brussels says would put courts under direct government control .
On Monday it reserved judgment on Duda 's move pending a discussion at its next meeting , on Wednesday . But Germany 's foreign office minister Michael Roth welcomed the veto and said he hoped Warsaw would completely ditch the reforms .
Polish opposition groups urged Duda also to reject a third bill which gives the justice minister the right to dismiss the heads of lower courts . The president signaled that he would approve this law .
The government would need a three-fifths parliamentary majority with at least half of all legislators present to overturn Duda 's veto - something PiS and its coalition partners are unlikely to be able to muster .
The state news agency PAP quoted the speaker of the upper house , the Senate , as saying there might be an additional sitting of parliament next week .
Anna Materska , a political scientist at the University of Warsaw , said Duda 's decision to distance himself from a flagship PiS policy after previously appearing closely aligned to the party could mark a political watershed .
Slideshow ( 16 Images )
“ What happened required courage , but the president was backed against the wall and had no other option . This is a key moment in the events of the latest months , maybe even years . ”
Duda , 45 , won the presidency in 2015 with the firm backing of Kaczynski , months before PiS also swept back to power in a parliamentary election on pledges to help poorer Poles and to protect national interests more vigorously in the EU and beyond .
Last week Poland 's latest bout of political turbulence helped to push its currency , the zloty , to three-month lows against the euro . Foreign investors welcomed Duda 's veto on Monday by pushing the zloty up about 0.5 percent . [ EMRG/FRX ]
Debian 9 was just released two days ago . Most of us got excited to download the new version and see what 's new . And also to test the new images and whether a safe upgrade can be done at the moment or not .
However , there seems to be a bug in all the Debian 9 live images . When you try to install it using the graphical installer , an error message appears :
“ There was an error reading data from the CD-ROM . Please make sure it is in the drive… Failed to copy from CD-ROM , retry ? ”
When debugged a little bit , the reason seems to be the following error message which is shown in the log files . The installer ca n't find the libzlo2-2-udeb_2.08-1.2+b2_amd64.udeb package :
cdrom-retriever : error : Unable to find ` /w/work/free/gnomepool/main/libl/libzlo2-2-udeb/libzlo2-2-udeb_2.08-1.2+b2_amd64.udeb `
We faced the same bug when we also tried to download Debian 9 GNOME live . Other users on the Debian forums have confirmed the same problem as well for all the other Debian live images . GNOME , KDE , LXDE , XFCE , Cinnamon .. All live images are affected .
Users on the mailing list captured the error message :
Unfortunately , this bug does n't seem to be hardware-specific or local only for some users . Debian developers have confirmed the bug and they are already working on a fix for it . A bug report with ID # 865015 was created on Debian Tracker in order to track the issue , with severity : Grave .
According to Debian developer Steve McIntyre , the real reason behind the bug is :
The Packages file in the image point to .debs using full path , not relative to the stuff in the image .
He 's also testing a fix . If his fix works well , all the Debian 9 lives images will have to be rebuilt again .
But until then , all Debian 9 Live images graphical installers are broken , you ca n't install the system from it . You can , however , boot into the live system and play with it to see new features . There 's also a command-line installer , which I do n't know if it has the same problem or not .
If you are in a hurry to install Debian 9 , you should download the Netinstall , DVD or small CD images in order to be able to install the system on your hard drive .
Update , 22 June , 00:07 AM GMT +3 : Debian developers have released version 9.0.1 which contains bug fixes for this bug and a lot of other issues . You can check them from : http : //get.debian.org/cdimage/release/current-live/
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told West Bank Jewish leaders Monday night that settlement development was effectively frozen , local council leaders claimed .
According to a report on Ynet news , the prime minister told council heads during a tense meeting that “ the settlements can no longer be developed and we must preserve that which exists . ”
There was no official corroboration of settler leaders ' claims .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
But following the meeting , the Yesha Council , which represents the settler movement , issued a scathing statement that “ A government that does not build loses its right to exist . ”
The council rejected assertions that a halt to construction would help preserve existing settlements . “ The right way to protect the settlement project is only through development and construction . The best defense is an offense . ”
The head of the Har Hebron regional council Yohai Damari also issued a statement according to which “ the prime minister stated his intent to halt the settlement initiative . ”
Damari said such action would “ desperately hurt many communities . ”
Both the Yesha Concul and Damari called on government ministers to prevent a construction freeze .
At the end of last month , Palestinian Authority Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki handed International Criminal Court prosecutors a file detailing settlement construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as well as alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza .
The Israeli government has said it will respond to the ICC 's investigation on the matter .
Israeli officials maintained , however , that their communications with the ICC probe will only be to reaffirm the government 's stance that the Palestinian Authority , as a non-state actor , does not have the right to open a case against Israel , the report said .
In the near future , our skies may be full of drones buzzing around , delivering us our take-out dinners , and shopping orders . But considering how many of us live in densely settled areas and do n't have the lawn space that Amazon envisions us having to receive our drone-delivered goods , how are we going to get these packages ? Google has a few ideas .
In a patent awarded to Google April 25 , the company outlines a method for delivering packages to consumers with drones . Essentially , a self-flying drone could mitigate all the uncertainties of trying to land , deliver packages , and take off again , by hovering above its delivery target , and slowly lowering packages through a tether . The drone would have sensors onboard that would enable it to tell when the package has touched down , and it could detach and retract the tether cable . It could then buzz off , back to base to recharge and pick up another package .
Image : Quartz
But what 's most interesting in the patent is how Google envisions us humans interacting with these bots . Rather like those talking car alarms of questionable utility , Google 's patent suggests that its drones would call out to bystanders—perhaps the person waiting for the package , or pedestrians in the area—telling them to watch out . “ Caution : Stay back , ” the drone might say , until it 's dropped off its cargo , at which point it will let everyone know , with a cheery message : “ Delivery complete . ”
Image : Quartz
The drones would also have warning lights that change colors ( from red and yellow to green ) to let you know that it 's safe to retrieve your package from underneath the hovering drone . To some degree , this sounds like the dystopian future envisioned in the 1980s sci-fi films , where soulless robots blurt out matter-of-fact commands for us humans to follow—it 's not too hard to see how this could lead to robots that want to play war games with us , or police enforcement robots that overstep their bounds . Thankfully , for now , this is just a patent . There 's no guarantee that Google , or its parent company Alphabet , will develop this sort of technology . A Google representative told Quartz that it holds patents on many ideas , and not all of them mature into products or services .
Image : Quartz
But Google—among others , including Amazon and Walmart—has been working on drone delivery systems for years . Dave Vos , Alphabet 's head of Project Wing—the company 's drone delivery research division—said in November that the company plans to have a commercial drone delivery program up and running by 2017 . This patent could outline one of the ways that it 'll go about delivering packages . Although that 's assuming , in the US at least , that the Federal Aviation Administration solidifies its regulations on commercial drone delivery , and whether it 'll be legal to fly autonomous drones . And the timeline on that is uncertain .
The Pentagon says it is working to meet the Monday deadline for sending Congress a plan to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) .
Earlier this week , Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE 's ( R-Wis. ) office sent out a reminder that the plan was due on Monday , pursuant to a provision in the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` To comply with the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act , a bill signed into law by President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE on November 15 , 2015 , you are required to submit to Congress a real , comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS by Monday , February 15 , 2016 , '' the notice said .
The submission could be a step toward Congress approving an authorization for the use of military force , which has been an uphill battle more than a year after the war began .
`` We are aware of the report and are actively working with multiple interagency offices to complete this legal requirement per the NDAA and look forward to submitting the completed report to Congress in the near-term , '' said Army Lt. Col. Joe Sowers , a Department of Defense spokesman .
Members on both sides of the aisle have submitted new proposals to authorize military force against ISIS , but some Republicans have refused to consider action until the administration submits its plan to defeat the terrorist group .
Ryan earlier this year asked committee chairmen to begin listening sessions to sound out other members on a possible authorization for use of military force ( AUMF ) against ISIS .
The White House on Thursday highlighted the one-year mark since it submitted an AUMF proposal to Congress , which was rejected by Republicans as too restrictive and Democrats as not restrictive enough .
`` One year ago today , the President sent a detailed ISIL-specific AUMF proposal to Congress , '' White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters . `` Yet 365 days later , Congress has utterly failed to fulfill its responsibility . ''
`` Meanwhile , the president 's strategy to degrade and ultimately destroy [ ISIS ] has continued to make notable progress , '' he said , noting that there is now estimated to be 19,000 to 25,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria .
`` So in all this , we just want to make one point abundantly clear — that our men and women in uniform and our coalition partners on the front lines of our war against [ ISIS ] are all doing their jobs while Congress has remained , unfortunately , on the sidelines , '' he said .
Here 's a little exercise for anyone who , like me , recently came across Scott Meyers ‘ work on universal references in C++11 : Is the following program well formed ? Does it have well-defined behaviour ? If not , why not ? If so , what is the value returned by main ( ) ? Why ? References , please !
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 template < typename R > struct wat ; template < typename T > struct wat < T & > { static int value ( T & t ) { return t * 1 ; } } ; template < typename T > struct wat < T & & > { static int value ( T & & t ) { return t * 3 ; } } ; template < typename T > struct ref { ref ( T & & t ) : t ( static_cast < T & & > ( t ) ) { } int value ( ) { return wat < T & & > : : value ( static_cast < T & & > ( t ) ) ; } T & & t ; } ; template < typename T > ref < T > uni ( T & & t ) { return ref < T > ( static_cast < T & & > ( t ) ) ; } int main ( ) { int i ( 3 ) ; return uni ( i ) . value ( ) + uni ( 13 ) . value ( ) ; }
I have written the program so that it needs no # include directives , and therefore you can be sure there is not a single typedef , decltype or auto specifier anywhere in or out of sight . That means there 's only one way that so-called universal references can arise .
However , you might find one or two other little surprises . Oh , and Clang 3.3 and GCC 4.8.1 do n't even agree on this program , so there 's not much point in cheating ! I know where I 'm putting my money , though…
NPR Weekend All Things Considered December 8 , 2002 ( 8:00 PM ET )
FBI 's continuing investigation of Boston-area software company Ptech and its possible ties to terrorism
STEVE INSKEEP , host : People who tipped off the FBI about a Boston-area software company say federal authorities failed to properly investigate suspicions of terrorism . On Friday , the FBI raided the computer software company Ptech , which was a military contractor . Authorities insist the company never had a chance to obtain classified information , but some security experts suggest otherwise . NPR 's Chris Arnold reports .
CHRIS ARNOLD reporting :
First , it 's important to stress that no Ptech employees have been arrested , and authorities do not officially characterize the raid into the company 's offices as a terrorism investigation . So the company , which has a number of Muslim employees , may well be innocent of any wrongdoing . But there have been some troubling questions raised about Ptech by its own employees and others close to the company . The story sounds like something out of a Tom Clancy novel on cybersnooping . Joe Bergantino is a reporter with the Boston CBS affiliate WBZ-TV . He 's been working on the Ptech story for months , but he says he held off airing it at the request of federal investigators .
Mr. JOE BERGANTINO ( Reporter , WBZ-TV ) : The worst-case scenario is that this is a situation where this was planned for a very long time to establish a company in this country and in the computer software business that would target federal agencies and gain access to key government data to essentially help terrorists launch another attack .
ARNOLD : Part of what concerns experts is the nature of Ptech 's software . They say it 's used to broadly assess strengths and weaknesses across organizations .
Ms. INDIRA SINGH ( Risk Management and Computer Systems Consultant ) : The Ptech consultants and employees come into contact with the most sensitive information in an organization .
ARNOLD : Indira Singh was one of the first people to raise alarm about Ptech . She 's a risk management and computer systems consultant . Singh was working with a major Wall Street bank and was thinking of using Ptech 's software and consulting services . While checking on the company , she talked to an ex-employee . She says that person told her that some people at Ptech were concerned that one of its central investors was Yasin al-Qadi , who the FBI suspects of financing terrorist groups . Singh says she was told that at least several other employees and executives had ties to organizations suspected by the US government of funding terrorism . Singh says given that Ptech was doing work for the FBI , the Air Force , Navy and a host of other agencies , she became very concerned .
Ms. SINGH : I called the FBI directly .
ARNOLD : Singh says she 'd learned that an ex-Ptech employee had also called the Boston office of the FBI months before , soon after the attacks on September 11th . So when she called that same office in May of this year , she hoped to hear that Ptech had been investigated and cleared of suspicion or was being aggressively looked into . She does n't believe that it was .
Ms. SINGH : None of that was done . And the language , the kind of language law enforcement , counterterrorism and the FBI agents themselves were using basically indicated to me that absolutely no investigation was going on , that it was totally at a standstill , at which point my hair stood on end .
ARNOLD : A spokesperson for the FBI denies that the bureau failed to follow up on leads . Singh says she and others had to apply further pressure before the government started aggressively investigating the matter nearly a year after the FBI was first notified .
Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge said Ptech 's software has now been scrutinized and it in no way jeopardizes the security of the country . But some security experts think the government is downplaying the potential threat . John Pike is a defense and intelligence analyst who heads up GlobalSecurity.org , a Washington-based non-profit policy group .
Mr. JOHN PIKE ( GlobalSecurity.org ) : When you look at all of the different military security agencies that they have as customers , it 's very difficult to imagine how they would not be encountering sensitive information , classified information .
ARNOLD : Indira Singh now believes that some Ptech employees had access to lots of information that could be dangerous in the hands of terrorists . She says Ptech did work for the Department of Energy in which it essentially blueprinted the process for nuclear waste disposal . She says Ptech employees could have learned how nuclear waste is transported and where it 's stored . The company denies any ties to terrorist groups . Chris Arnold , NPR News , Boston .
© Copyright 2002 National Public Radio ( R )
Former Texas A & M linebacker and top NFL draft prospect Myles Garrett had his day of appearances on ESPN 's Bristol-based shows get off to an interesting start Monday morning , as he reportedly boycotted Mike and Mike thanks to fill-in host ( and Garrett critic ) Booger McFarland . Garrett had a little more fun on some of the later shows , though , and on NFL Live , he did 25 bench press reps…of ESPN analyst Field Yates .
I guess bench pressing @ FieldYates has become a thing . @ damienwoody made this look too easy , so now @ MylesLGarrett takes a turn . # Popcorn pic.twitter.com/gidca4nbVO — Ashok Moore ( @ AshokaESPN ) April 10 , 2017
As Moore notes , Woody did this back in February , but only managed to bench Yates 19 times :
So , Garrett is one step ahead of the other prospects in the crucial “ benching ESPN analysts ” metric . He got 25 reps of Yates in ( 24 if you do n't count the last one ) , and looked pretty comfortable doing this . We have to wonder why Yates is always the one selected for this , though . What about benching Mel Kiper Jr. so he has something to judge prospects by ? ( It might work out better than some of Kiper 's past judgements . ) Or taking Garrett 's rivalry with McFarland to the next level by having him try to bench the big former lineman ?
In any case , we finally got to see weightlifting combined with studio analysis . That 's a broadcasting revolution right there . And maybe it means we can change the “ ESPN car wash ” ( where athletes or coaches visiting Bristol appear on all the studio shows ) to the “ ESPN car wash and weightlifting championships . ”
[ Ashok Moore on Twitter ]
President Rouhani made the remark in a telephone conversation with President Ilham Aliyev that was initiated by the Azeri side on Monday .
During the talk , the Iranian President highlighted the strong resolve on the part of the two governments for deepening Tehran-Baku relations in various fields of energy , investment , transportation , trade and tourism .
Rouhani deemed the prospect of the two countries ' bilateral ties ‘ highly promising ' for future cooperation , expressing hope that an acceleration in implementing agreements would provide necessary grounds for joint cooperation on transit , energy and trade .
He also underscored the significance of Rasht-Astara railway project for his administration , calling for expediting the process of its implementation .
President Rouhani further stressed the need for collective efforts in fighting terrorism and extremism in the region .
The Azeri President , for his part , congratulated Rouhani on his election for second term in office , saying “ necessary orders have been issued for implementation of agreements and projects between the two countries and the contract on Rasht-Astara railway project will be soon finalized and signed . ”
He also voiced satisfaction over the active participation of Iranian companies in fields of energy , automotive and pharmaceuticals in his country .
President Aliyev further stressed the need for improving regional cooperation , particularly for fighting terrorism and violence , and restoring peace and stability .
MS/3991976
Award-winning chef Michael Meredith has teamed up with Auckland woman Lisa King to help feed kids through start-up , Eat My Lunch .
A new business is counting on Kiwis ' love of food and big hearts to help fill the hungry bellies of children who need it the most .
Eat My Lunch was started by Auckland woman Lisa King that works on a `` buy-one give-one '' basis .
With the help of award-winning chef Michael Meredith , from upmarket Auckland restaurant Meredith 's , Eat My Lunch will give a lunch to a child in need for every lunch that is bought from its website .
Meredith said the venture was an opportunity for people to give back with something as simple as lunch .
`` The more we hear about children in other countries who go hungry , the easier it is to forget about children right here in New Zealand who live in poverty and go without lunch every day .
`` We all know that kids struggle to concentrate and learn on an empty stomach . ''
It costs $ 10 for both lunches and Eat My Lunch is working with KidsCan to identify schools with students who need lunch . The lunches are distributed by Eat My Lunch .
Each lunch contained five items , which changed daily , focused on real food , less sugar , more veggies and nothing in a packet , Meredith said .
Auckland 's Mangere Central School was the first school to benefit from the service , but Eat My Lunch aimed to expand nationwide .
An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated KidsCan distributes the lunches to schools .
Tianmen Mountain , a famous mountain located within Tianmen Mountain National Park , which is the first mountain recorded in the history of Zhangjiajie , only 8 kilometers away from the urban district . The highest peak is around 1518.6 meters above sea level .
Due to the natural huge cave halfway up the mountain like a gate of heaven , the mountain is named Heavenly Gate Mountain - Tianmen Mountain .
Tianmen Mountain is famous for its stunning views such as sheer cliffs and steep mountains，thrilling cliff-hanging walkway and glass skywalk . Besides , a 7.2-km long cable car was constructed in the park , which is said to be the longest of the same type in the world .
Moreover , Tianmen Mountain is boasting abundant up to 90 % vegetation . On the mountain there is a wealth of rare species of plant . Old trees grow very high to the sky . It can be said to be a natural oxygen bar .
With profound cultural background , Tianmen Mountain is always considered as the holy mountain by locals . A 500-year-old Buddhist temple is nestled in the mountain attracting thousands of prayers every year . If you are interested , you can also listen to our local guide tell the legends and stories about the mountain , which were inherited from generation to generation in the west of Hunan Province .
What to See & Do
Popular activities : hiking , cable car riding , glass skywalk walking , photography , incredible scenery appreciation and so on .
Glass Skywalk
The thrilling glass skywalk is stretching around a cliff on Tianmen Mountain . It is 4700 feet off the ground , and only 4-5 feet wide , 2 1/2 inches thick . Look down and you can see right through the crystal clear skywalk , and feel like walking in the sky . Although it is 60 meters long , maybe you ca n't help screaming when step your foot on it . It is definitely not only a new way to appreciate the stunning mountainous landscapes , but also a challenge to you .
The World 's Longest Cable Car Ride
It is a good choice to reach the mountain top by cable car . Viewing the lush peaks , sheer cliffs , deep valleys , winding mountain walkway from the cable car is fantastic .
Tianmen Cave
It is a unique natural miracle . The name means “ a door to the heaven ” in Chinese . The door-alike cave is 131.5 meters high , 50 meters wide , which is the highest natural karst cave in the world . Besides , there are 999 steep and narrow steps up to the cave – it is hard and tiresome to climb , but still attract many people to experience .
Ghost Path
It is named for building a hanging walkway along the upper side of a cliff above Ghost-Valley Cave . The Ghost Path is 1600 meters long , and the average altitude is 1400 meters . So , it will give a scary feeling when cross it , especially who scared of heights .
When to Visit
Tianmen Mountain features a subtropical mountain prototype monsoon humid climate . You can visit here in all seasons . But the best travel time is April to October , when Tianmen Mountain is the most beautiful and suitable for sightseeing .
How to Get There
You can get here by bus in the Zhangjiaje city .
Travel Tips
1.It requires a lot of walking , so please wear suitable shoes .
2.The Glass Skywalk and Ghost Path are not suitable for the people with heart problem .
3.There usually a long wait for the popular highlights . So the best you can arrive there early ( half an hour or more before it officially opens )
More Attractions in Zhangjiajie
BeeGFS ( formerly FhGFS ) is an open source parallel file system , developed and optimized for high-performance computing . BeeGFS includes a distributed metadata architecture for scalability and flexibility reasons . Its most important aspect is data throughput .
BeeGFS was originally developed at the Fraunhofer Center for High Performance Computing in Germany by a team around Sven Breuner , [ 2 ] who later became the CEO of ThinkParQ , the spin-off company that was founded in 2014 to maintain BeeGFS and offer professional services .
The software can be downloaded and used free of charge from the project 's website . [ 3 ]
History & usage [ edit ]
BeeGFS started in 2005 as an in-house development at Fraunhofer Center for HPC to replace the existing file system on the institute 's new compute cluster and to be used in a production environment .
In 2007 , the first beta version of the software was announced during ISC07 in Dresden , Germany and introduced to the public during SC07 in Reno , NV . One year later the first stable major release became available .
In 2014 , Fraunhofer started its spin-off , the new company called ThinkParQ [ 4 ] for BeeGFS . In this process , FhGFS was renamed and became BeeGFS® . [ 5 ] While ThinkParQ maintains the software and offers professional services , further feature development will continue in cooperation of ThinkParQ and Fraunhofer .
Due to the nature of BeeGFS being free of charge , it is unknown how many active installations there are . However , in 2014 there were already around 100 customers worldwide that used BeeGFS with commercial support by ThinkParQ and Fraunhofer . Among those are academic users such as universities and research facilities [ 6 ] as well as commercial companies in fields like the finance or the oil & gas industry .
Notable installations include several TOP500 computers such as the Loewe-CSC [ 7 ] cluster at the Goethe University Frankfurt , Germany ( # 22 on installation ) , the Vienna Scientific Cluster [ 8 ] at the University of Vienna , Austria ( # 56 on installation ) , and the Abel [ 9 ] cluster at the University of Oslo , Norway ( # 96 on installation ) .
Key concepts & features [ edit ]
When developing BeeGFS , Fraunhofer aimed for three key concepts with the software : scalability , flexibility and good usability .
BeeGFS runs on any Linux machine and consists of several components that include services for clients , metadata servers and storage servers . In addition , there is a service for the management host as well as one for a graphical administration and monitoring system .
BeeGFS System Overview
[ 10 ]
To run BeeGFS , at least one instance of the metadata server and the storage server is required . But BeeGFS allows multiple instances of each service to distribute the load from a large number of clients . The scalability of each component makes sure the system itself is scalable .
File contents are distributed over several storage servers using striping , i.e . each file is split into chunks of a given size and these chunks are distributed over the existing storage servers . The size of these chunks can be defined by the file system administrator . In addition , also the metadata is distributed over several metadata servers on a directory level , with each server storing a part of the complete file system tree . This approach allows fast access on the data .
Clients as well as metadata or storage servers can be added into an existing system without any downtime . The client itself is a lightweight kernel module that does not require any kernel patches . The servers run on top of an existing local file system . There are no restrictions to the type of underlying file system as long as it supports POSIX ; recommendations are to use ext4 for the metadata servers and XFS for the storage servers . Both servers run in userspace .
Also there is no strict requirement for dedicated hardware for individual services . The design allows a file system administrator to start the services in any combination on a given set of machines and expand in the future . A common way among BeeGFS users to take advantage of this is combining metadata servers and storage servers on the same machines .
BeeGFS supports various network-interconnects with dynamic failover such as Ethernet or Infiniband as well as many different Linux distributions and kernels ( from 2.6.16 to the latest vanilla ) . The software has a simple setup and startup mechanism using init scripts . For users who prefer a graphical interface over command lines , a Java-based GUI ( AdMon ) is available . The GUI provides monitoring of the BeeGFS state and management of system settings . Besides managing and administrating the BeeGFS installation , this tool also offers a couple of monitoring options to help to identify performance issues within the system .
BeeGFS on-demand [ edit ]
BeeGFS on-demand ( BeeOND ) allows the creation of BeeGFS file system instances on a set of nodes with one single command line . Possible use cases for the tool are manifold ; a few include setting up a dedicated parallel file system for a cluster job ( often referred to as burst-buffering ) , cloud computing or for fast and easy temporary setups for testing purposes .
Benchmarks [ edit ]
The following benchmarks have been performed on Fraunhofer Seislab , a test and experimental cluster at Fraunhofer ITWM with 25 nodes ( 20 compute + 5 storage ) and a three tier memory : 1 TB RAM , 20 TB SSD , 120 TB HDD . Single node performance on the local file system without BeeGFS is 1,332 MB/s ( write ) and 1,317 MB/s ( read ) .
The nodes are equipped with 2x Intel Xeon X5660 , 48 GB RAM , 4x Intel 510 Series SSD ( RAID 0 ) , Ext4 , QDR Infiniband and run Scientific Linux 6.3 , Kernel 2.6.32-279 and FhGFS 2012.10-beta1 .
Read/Write Throughput
File Creates
IOPS
BeeGFS and exascale [ edit ]
Fraunhofer ITWM is participating in the Dynamic-Exascale Entry Platform – Extended Reach ( DEEP-ER ) project of the European Union , [ 11 ] which addresses the problems of the growing gap between compute speed and I/O bandwidth , and system resiliency for large-scale systems .
Some of the aspects that BeeGFS developers are working on under the scope of this project are :
support for tiered storage ,
POSIX interface extensions ,
fault tolerance and high availability ( HA ) , and
improved monitoring and diagnostic tools .
The plan is to keep the POSIX interface for backward compatibility but also allow applications more control over how the file system handles things like data placement and coherency through API extensions .
See also [ edit ]
Name and age : Cam Matthews 35 , Summer McLennan 33
Hometown : Vancouver , BC
Reason for taking this trip
We like an adventure and were tired of the city life .
Why did you decide to drive ?
So we could stop where ever we please and to have a quasi home .
Are you also taking along pets ?
Our little cachorra Toka is travelling with us . She is a 6 months old Alaskan Husky / Black Lab cross we picked up in Tok Alaska .
What type of car are you driving ?
We 're driving a 1995 Mitsubishi Delica named Delilah . It 's a Japanese import that is a 4wd diesel van . It 's also a right hand drive .
Did you make any modifications to your car for this trip ?
We removed some of the seating in the back so we could fit our custom built storage box that also doubles as our bed . We added a roof box to increase our storage space and we wrapped it to look like a bumble-bee
How did you save up or finance your trip ?
By spending the money we saved for a house
How long do you plan on traveling ?
We initially planned to travel for a year but it looks like it will be longer . Since we both quit our jobs we have no real timeline for our return . We say we 'll keep going as long as we 're still having fun ( and still have money ) .
Where do you plan on driving ?
We drove up to Prudhoe Bay , Alaska and are now making our way down to Ushuaia .
What were your family 's and friends ' reactions when you told them about your trip before you left ?
My boss told me it would be more impressive to do it on a bicycle
Did you speak Spanish before you left your home country ? How much Spanish ? Are you taking more Spanish lessons as you travel ? If so , where and for how long ?
We spoke zero spanish before starting out . We 've been listening to Michel Thomas audio-lessons along the way ( highly recommend ) and took two weeks of school in Antigua Guatemala . You really need to put in the effort outside of class to get the most from it ... we shopped for christmas gifts and fixed our car instead . We plan to stop again along the way for more classes .
Do you have a favorite place or country that you have visited during your trip ?
Dalton and Denali Highways in Alaska
San Juanico in Baja , and the Baja in general
All the small towns in Guatemala
Antigua , Guatemala
What was the weirdest thing you experienced on your trip ?
Exploding cigarette that Cam bought from a market in Flores , Guatemala , that he thought was real
What was the worst border crossing ?
We spent 19 hours ( including sleeping in no man 's land ) at the El Salvador border due to our right-hand drive vehicle . Apparently they are banned there and would grant us a 24 hour transit permit .
We also spent 17 hours ( including sleeping in no man 's land ) at the Honduran border due to disbelief that our vehicle registration does n't expire in B.C . They were certain our AirCare expiry represented our registration expiry .
Do you have any advice for others who may be considering driving the Americas ?
1 . If you have the space , take a Canon Selphy Photo printer and spend the extra money and get the battery for it . It has brought us so much joy taking pictures of people in villages and giving them a print of their family . Plus its a good way to get great pictures of people , but its best if you have the printer on hand to help explain what you want to do ( Hence the battery )
2 . Taking a dog has caused almost no hassle . Most restaurants and hotels have no problem with them and so far the borders have been easy , provided you have a recent certificate of health ( less than a month ) . It is however , sometimes hard to find good places to walk her in crazy cities and on shoulder-less roads .
3 . Doing your homework regarding the borders can save you money from handlers
4 . We have a camera mount that suction-cups onto our windshield to get great video of beautiful roads and chaotic cities .
5 . Talk to everyone . Its amazing the opportunities that can come about . Our best info is 80 % from talking to travellers and locals and 20 % from our guide books
6 . Do n't believe the hype about the dangers of Mexico . We have n't met anyone who has had a problem .
Do you have a blog or a website describing your trip ? If so , what is its address ?
thejoyhunt.com * * All Travellers : Please feel free to contact us for advice or to meet up somewhere * *
A new report from The Guardian has traced a total of $ 125 million dollars that has been funneled to climate change denying think tanks in just the last 3 years . This money is being used to create fake studies , manufacture talking points , and to promote the industry 's favorite climate change denying talking heads . But the question is whether or not any of this money has an effect on the climate change discussion .
Ring of Fire 's Farron Cousins discusses this with Brendan DeMelle , managing editor and executive director of DeSmogBlog.com
Support Ring of Fire by subscribing to our YouTube channel .
Listen to Ring of Fire on Saturdays from 3pm-6pm Eastern ! Listen live via the Progressive Voices Channel on TuneIn .
Watch Ring of Fire every weekday at 8:30pm EST on Free Speech TV !
Donald Trump speaks during a campaign stop on May 2 in Carmel , Indiana . Joe Raedle/Getty Images
At this moment , polls show a strong upswing for Donald Trump 's campaign . He 's made real ground on Hillary Clinton , closing the gap between them by consolidating the Republican Party behind his candidacy . Clinton , meanwhile , is fighting a contentious primary , which keeps her from doing the same . There 's still a strong case to make that Donald Trump is a long shot for the White House—that he 's too unpopular with too many Americans outside the Republican Party and that if the Obama coalition holds , he loses .
At least , that 's what I think . But humility is a virtue , and life is volatile , even if elections often are n't . That Trump is a poor bet for November does n't mean he could n't win . He could . Which raises an obvious question : How would it happen ? And finding an answer here is n't too difficult . You just need to reverse-engineer the conditions of a Trump loss . What are those conditions ?
At the top of the list is demographics . Trump is deeply unpopular with black and Latino voters , as well as with women and young people . But Clinton is also unpopular , albeit by a smaller magnitude . Given two unpopular candidates , it 's possible that “ popularity ” just wo n't matter as much , that voters will take both candidates ' worst qualities as a given and move on . In which case , both Clinton and Trump become generic nominees . And what are the prospects this year for a generic Republican nominee ? Of five separate econometric models of the election , four predict a Republican win ranging from 50.9 percent of the vote to 55 percent of the two-party vote . The economy is middling , President Obama well-liked but not hugely popular , and Clinton would be a third term for Democrats . Given two generic candidates under those criteria , the presidency would go to the Republican . Say hello to President Trump .
Let 's say you do n't trust the models ( they could n't predict Trump , after all ) . Then what ? How would Trump win , assuming key parts of the electorate are aligned against him ? The answer is easy : He wins and turns out white voters in historic numbers . Assume higher nonwhite support for the Democrat—let 's say a three-point bump among blacks and a seven-point bump among Hispanics , giving Clinton 97 percent and 80 percent support , respectively—and Trump needs 66 percent of whites to win both the popular and electoral-college vote , if turnout does n't change . ( You can play with the numbers over at RealClearPolitics . )
It 's an extraordinary reach : an increase of nearly six points over the white share in 2012 , matching Ronald Reagan 's performance in 1984 . It would mean Trump persuaded millions of Democrats to switch teams , despite their wide approval for President Obama .
In other words , it 's not happening . Partisanship has a tight hold on American voting behavior , and it 's hard to imagine how Trump could break it , barring a national catastrophe . Easier to imagine is higher white turnout . If Trump could reverse the yearslong decline and bring white turnout back to its 2008 levels—74 percent—then he could win with another couple percentage points among whites , even with the high black and Latino turnout of 2008 . This would give him teetering Democratic states such as New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , and Wisconsin , as well as the three largest swing states : Florida , Ohio , and Virginia . It 's a heavy lift , especially for a candidate who says he will eschew data-gathering and other quantitative methods for finding and mobilizing supporters . But it 's possible .
OK , OK. “ Possible ” does n't mean “ likely , ” and it 's hard to imagine a disorganized campaign exceeding Team Romney 's ability to pinpoint and bring Republican-leaning white voters to the polls . Still , with a smile from Fortuna ( or whichever god of chance you prefer ) , Trump can win . If anything guarantees defeat for an incumbent party , it 's a recession . At the opening of the 1960 election , in early spring of that year , John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon were neck and neck . This continued into the summer and the early fall . But by October , Kennedy had opened a small but persistent lead . He won .
It 's hard to isolate a single cause for Kennedy 's victory , but he was almost certainly helped along by the modest recession that struck in the spring and lasted until the following winter . If not for that downturn , there 's a fair chance Nixon would have become president . A sudden slowdown could have the same effect on our election . In fact , the very presence of Trump—his proximity to the most powerful office in the world—could destabilize markets and make a downturn more likely . And consider this : On average , the United States sees a recession every five years . We 're due . One is all we need for President Trump .
A terrorist attack could do it—driving voters into the arms of the authoritarian in the race—but the literature is mixed on how terrorism affects voters . It could make them more attuned to perceived outsiders—and immigrants in particular—giving Trump an advantage . It could push them toward hawkish candidates with traditional credentials , helping Clinton . Or given the candidates , it could be a wash . So let 's table this one .
There 's one last thing that could deliver the White House to Trump : a divided Democratic Party . Party unity is a prerequisite for national competition . It 's why the “ Never Trump ” movement fell apart after Ted Cruz left the race ; a serious effort to derail the Republican nominee would guarantee a Democratic White House , because it 's almost impossible to overcome the asymmetry . In the still unlikely event that the present acrimony between Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Party becomes an outright split , Democrats risk throwing the election to Trump , through in-fighting and division . If Sanders runs as a third-party candidate , the game is over , and Democrats lose . You see this in the most recent polling . Clinton 's biggest weakness in the NBC News survey of registered voters is with Sanders ' backers who have n't crossed the threshold to Team Clinton . If this persists , it 's dangerous . If history is any indication , however , it wo n't be .
With all this said , even the most probable scenario here—that Trump and Clinton become generic candidates—is a distant long shot . They 're just too well-known for voters to treat them as interchangeable with any Republican or any Democrat . And their personal qualities mix with the fundamentals of this election—partisanship , demographics , and economic performance—to create favorable terrain for Democrats .
That 's the comforting irony of this whole exercise : Even when you try to show how Trump can win , you emphasize his uphill climb to victory . Still : It could happen .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
i was lurking around in 's awesome gallery , and looking at her comics i realized that i 'd never made a real attempt at pony anthro . Style experiment I guess~Skyla was trained in sword fighting by her father , Shining Armor . Artemis has been instructed extensively in many , areas of combat and weaponry by their mother , Princess Luna . It was such a mommy-child bonding experience for them-Celestia often walked in on Luna lovingly showing toddler Artie her favorite enchanted daggersWhen Shining Armor begins mentoring Artemis to prepare the kid to become captain of the royal guard someday , ( ) he thinks it 'd be a good idea to pair Arte up with Skyla for a fun , friendly bit of sparring.They might have maybe tried to kill each other.But , violence aside , they had a surprising amount of fun , and found themselves bonding over being ( arguably ) the two most sane of all the royal crotchspawns . They eagerly discuss offensive sword techniques , complain about their annoying cousins ( Pandora and Iridescence , respectively ) , and plead with Shining Armor and Luna to let them have a royal slumber party together , where they stay up late braiding each other 's hair , reading spooky stories ( and having to hold hands subsequently-not that they'reof course ! ) , and gobbling sweets . Artemis becomes one of the few ponies that Skyla would call a friend , and while the fun nature of their relationship wears thin as they start growing up into very serious , stern ponies , they do remain pen pals as adults , and still have the odd sword fight from time to time.background texture from here : Canvas Texture characters shown :
Story highlights German law prohibits insulting representatives of foreign countries
Angela Merkel : German government will examine Turkey 's complaint closely
Investigation comes as Germany seeks Turkey 's help stemming migrant crisis
( CNN ) Perhaps it seemed funny at the time . But just how funny is it to have the President of Turkey lodge a criminal complaint against you ? And looking at the possibility of three years in prison might not be all that hilarious .
But that is life these days for a German comedian named Jan Boehmermann .
Boehmermann , host of the show `` Neo Magazin Royale '' on the German public TV station ZDF , read on the air a sexually crude poem that referred , jokingly , to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
The Turkish Embassy , unamused , initiated legal action last week against the comedian , saying he had violated Germany 's law prohibiting insulting representatives of foreign countries .
Boehmermann faces a maximum sentence of three years in prison .
TAMPA , Fla . Researchers on Friday collected DNA samples from family members of boys who died decades ago at a now-defunct Florida reform school in the hopes it will match the remains found on the property of the now-closed school .
University of South Florida researchers have used historical documents to verify the deaths of two adult staff members and 96 children -- ranging in age from 6 to 18 -- between 1914 and 1973 at the Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys . Records indicated that 45 individuals were buried on the 1,400-acre tract from 1914 to 1952 , while 31 bodies were sent elsewhere for burial .
Forensics reveals hidden graves inside Fla. reform school
USF associate professor Erin Kimmerle said it 's unclear whether there are more children buried in unmarked graves on the property . And that 's only part of the reason why the researchers are seeking DNA from at least seven family members and asking for state permits to exhume the human remains on the site .
`` We 're bringing a last measure of human dignity for these boys , '' said Kimmerle , adding that if there is a DNA match between surviving family members and the remains that it will `` fulfill a human right '' for the families to bury their loved ones as they wish .
Richard Varnadoe , who is 84 , is one such relative . He allowed a Hillsborough County Sheriff 's deputy to swab the inside of his cheek for DNA Friday in hopes of solving the mystery of what happened to his older brother , Thomas .
`` Hopefully we 'll get him back , '' said Varnadoe , who lives in Salt Springs , Fla .
Thomas Varnadoe went to the school when he was 13 and `` he lasted 34 days , '' said Richard Varnadoe . School officials told the family that Thomas died of pneumonia , but they never believed the story -- and never got his body .
`` It devastated the whole family , '' said Varnadoe . `` Dad , mother , my sister . ''
The school was located in Marianna about 60 miles west of Tallahassee and was once the nation 's largest reform school , with 698 youths . It closed in 2011 .
The school was plagued by scandal soon after it opened in 1900 . Three years later , investigators found children `` in irons , just as common criminals . ''
In the 1950s and early 1960s , boys were taken to a small building called The White House , where guards beat them for offenses as insignificant as singing or talking to a black inmate . The boys would be hit dozens of times -- if not more -- with a wide , three-foot long leather strap that had sheet metal stuffed in the middle .
USF wants to exhume bodies from `` Boot Hill Cemetery '' and surrounding areas . Researchers say that most of those were buried at the school were black and several were orphans .
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson said that there have been at least 50 graves discovered and there could be many more in unmarked areas used to bury African-American boys .
`` Is there another cemetery ? '' he said Friday . `` And what will it reveal ? The families deserve the answers . They deserve to know the truth . ''
Nelson pointed out that the property is owned by the state and that Florida taxpayers also deserve to know what happened there over the decades .
Discovering exactly what lies beneath the soil at Dozier has n't been easy for USF officials .
In late May , the university asked state authorities if it could exhume the bodies and investigate the property after a circuit judge rejected a request filed by Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi .
USF , with Bondi 's approval , is asking the state 's archaeologist to excavate the site and document what is found . They note their research so far has found evidence of `` clandestine burials . '' The Florida Legislature has set aside nearly $ 200,000 for the project and Nelson said he 's trying to secure a Department of Justice grant for the school as well .
On Friday , the Florida Department of State -- which controls the state lands -- sent Kimmerle and the researchers a two-page letter , asking for detailed information in order to evaluate a pending permit application for the exhumation of the bodies .
The letter , written by Mary Glowacki , the state archaeologist , asked for plans regarding exhumation procedures , autopsies and re-interment , along with maps and analysis of historical records of the school .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Conservative filmmaker and provocateur James O'Keefe has lost another legal battle : on Monday , a federal court in New Jersey dismissed a libel suit O'Keefe filed against legal news website MainJustice . In August 2013 , MainJustice published an article referring to a 2010 incident in which O'Keefe and his associates posed as telephone technicians to gain access to the offices of then–Sen . Mary Landrieu ( D-La. ) . O'Keefe and three others ultimately pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge of entering federal property under false pretenses .
In its original article , MainJustice said that O'Keefe was “ apparently trying to bug ” Landrieu 's offices . After O'Keefe complained , the website changed the sentence to read that O'Keefe and his associates “ were trying to tamper with Landrieu 's phones. ” Still , O'Keefe sued , alleging that both characterizations were defamatory because they implied he had committed a felony . MainJustice countered that the language was n't defamatory because the substance of the article was true , and the site accurately described the legal proceedings triggered by the episode .
The court did n't find O'Keefe 's case convincing . Judge Claire Cecchi wrote in her opinion :
Regardless of whether the article used the words “ apparently trying to bug ” or “ trying to tamper , ” the few words challenged by the Plaintiff , taken in context , do not alter the fundamental gist of the paragraph… Therefore , the words “ trying to tamper with , ” understood in the colloquial sense , convey the substantial truth of the Landrieu incident and do not alter the ultimate conclusion of the paragraph—that Plaintiff was guilty of a misdemeanor .
Mary Jacoby , editor-in-chief of MainJustice , writes in a statement :
This is an important First Amendment victory . It 's a total , resounding defeat of O'Keefe 's attempts to intimidate journalists into accepting his spin on the circumstances of his 2010 entry into Sen. Landrieu 's offices under false pretenses .
In 2013 , O'Keefe paid $ 100,000 to settle a lawsuit filed against him by a former employee of ACORN , a nonprofit the filmmaker had targeted . In a statement to Mother Jones , an O'Keefe spokesman said , “ While we are disappointed in the Court 's decision , it is one that we respect due to the complex and difficult nature of proving defamation . That being said , we think it is important to note that this decision in no way validates any of the false statements made against Project Veritas or James O'Keefe . ”
Fitter , deeper and more experienced . Toronto FC head coach Greg Vanney likes what sees when he scans his roster at the start of training camp .
That 's good because expectations are again high for the MLS team with the Prada of payrolls .
`` We have to see ourselves as going farther in the playoffs and we have to position ourselves as contenders for a championship , '' Vanney told reporters Monday . `` But everybody says that at Day 1 in pre-season . ''
`` A lot of things have to happen but we have a team that can compete and if all things go our way , then we hope to be there in the very end , '' he added . `` But we 've got a quality team , there 's no question . ''
Toronto ( 15-15-4 ) just made the playoffs last season , exiting quickly in a 3-0 drubbing at the hands of the Montreal Impact . Fans expected more .
Entering its 10th season , Toronto 's all-time regular-season record is 77-135-78 . Its playoff record is 0-1-0 .
Management seems to have ticked off the appropriate boxes , particularly on defence where Toronto gave up a league-worst 58 goals last season . The acquisitions of goalkeeper Clint Irwin , centre back Drew Moor , right back Steven Beitashour and Canadian midfielder Will Johnson should reinforce the defence .
All four are expected to start , adding 700-plus ML regular season games to the club 's bank of experience . And as former club captains , Moor and Johnson will add to the team 's leadership .
Vanney has not shown his hand on the team 's formation . But he did suggest that there will be more `` clarity '' to his players ' roles .
While Sebastian Giovinco had an MVP year in 2015 , the team did not succeed entirely in integrating Jozy Altidore into the attack . Sidelined by U.S. national team duty and injury , Altidore returned to find the pint-sized Italian running the show .
`` The key there is to connect those two , '' Vanney said .
Altidore needs to be in front of goal , `` punishing centre backs with his size and ability , '' he added .
Still the club credo may not change .
`` Just try to give ( Giovinco ) the ball ... and watch him do his magic , '' offered Beitashour .
Vanney is looking for another banner season from Giovinco .
`` I think he can improve on it and I think we can as a group help him , '' said Vanney .
That involves defending better and not conceding early . Instead the hope is score first , forcing opposing teams to come at Toronto which opens up space for Giovinco and other attackers to operate .
Giovinco , who had 22 goals and 16 assists last season , is on board . `` My goal is to perform better than last year , '' he said through an interpreter .
TFC opens March 6 at the New York Red Bulls . The club will play its first eight games on the road due to stadium renovations before opening at BMO Field on May 7 against the Houston Dynamo .
Toronto will be sharing its home with the CFL Argonauts for the first time . Vanney said given the two teams ' schedules , he did not think it would be an issue .
Toronto leaves Wednesday to train in California before returning home in February for a week . The team will then wrap up training camp in Florida .
English forward Luke Moore was absent Monday with club officials saying the reserve striker , who is under contract , has been given permission to train with teams in England but is expected back . One wonders if they want him , why he is not here now . More likely , they are trying to shed his salary , which was US $ 235,500 last year , by moving him .
MLS team are only allowed to buy out one contract each season and Toronto has already parted ways with defender Ahmed Kantari ( $ 345,000 last season ) .
Bradley and Altidore are away with the U.S. national team while Johnson is with Canada .
Richard Sutin is a partner at Norton Rose Fulbright in Toronto .
Canadian policy-makers have long recognized the importance of capturing a share of the innovation economy – or even better , a leadership position . And much has been written and proposed to that end . With labour markets caught in the transition from an industrial to a knowledge economy and extreme global competition , the stakes keep getting higher . But while successful innovation calls on several factors , the greatest challenge and most important ingredient is access to sufficient risk capital .
Flow-through shares for Canadian resource exploration and development were introduced into the Income Tax Act approximately 60 years ago . While originally introduced to keep these cyclical industries going in tough times , the program became a spectacular success , positioning Canada 's capital markets as a global leader in resource finance . Leadership in accessing capital led to industry leadership and , as a result , Canada became home to more mining companies than any other country in the world . Canadian companies engaged in more global exploration and development than companies from any other country , and Canada developed and attracted top resource talent .
Story continues below advertisement
The Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada said it best : `` Flow-through shares have helped make Canadian mining firms world leaders , with head offices , consultants , contractors , suppliers , legal and financial structure and other expertise – in Canada . ''
This unique made-in-Canada solution was recognized by the Coalition for Action on Innovation in Canada , co-chaired by former finance minister John Manley and Paul Lucas , in their October , 2010 , Action Plan for Prosperity . `` By any measure , the program has been a success ; it has helped make Canada a global leader in resource financing , '' they said , recommending an extension of flow-through shares to the innovation sector as one way of using fiscal stimulus to drive innovation .
A company that issues flow-through shares to investors must spend the proceeds on prescribed qualifying expenditures , which , in the case of Canadian resource flow-through funding , are exploration and development . These expenditures are renounced by the company in favour of the investor , who is able to deduct the renounced expenditures against other income , thereby effectively reducing the risk of investment by approximately one-half .
The tax cost of the investor 's flow-through shares is reduced to zero and the company can not expense or amortize expenditures that have been renounced to investors . The tax credits can be recouped by the government in the future through more capital gains on share sales and less tax-loss carry-forwards available to the company . In addition , the recipients of the qualifying expenditures , such as employees , contractors , landlords , etc. , will also pay tax on the amounts received by them . There are few private-sector studies on the effectiveness of flow-through shares , which is surprising , given their longevity , the significant role they have played in one of our very important economic sectors and the fact that they 've survived so long without public criticism or scandal .
However , a Department of Finance evaluation report dated October , 1994 , found that flow-through shares , while not guaranteeing successful outcomes , did generate significant incremental spending on mining and petroleum exploration and benefited the economies of several provinces , as well as non-taxpaying junior exploration companies .
Innovation is similar to the resource sector in that both require the successful convergence of discovery , entrepreneurship and risk capital , with adequate capital being scarce given the risk of commercializing new discoveries . As with the resource sector , and as with areas such as Silicon Valley for tech venture capital , centres of risk capital formation will draw innovators , entrepreneurs and investors , which in turn will draw talent and intellectual capital , becoming a self-reinforcing cluster with high-quality jobs .
Flow-through shares can open the door to the private-sector funding needed to commercialize important discoveries in life sciences , clean technology and information technology , and government can target how flow-through funding is spent by defining the qualifying expenditures . Because the investment decision is made by the investor , who is still at risk for one-half of his cash outlay , there is a natural discipline built into the investment decision process , making it easier for the government to administer and removing government from picking winners .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Canada has world-class capital markets , successful entrepreneurs and world-class scientific and technology research and skills . Adding adequate risk capital formation to this mix will generate new jobs that will feed the development of an educated and skilled work force , creating the opportunity to participate in the leadership of the innovation economy .
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201609/1860/1155968404_5142528379001_5142535594001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Clinton to Trump : Apologize to workers you stiffed
Hillary Clinton on Monday called on Donald Trump to apologize to people who have worked on the real estate mogul 's properties who have not been paid in full .
Do `` the thousands of people that you have stiffed over the course of your business not deserve some kind of apology from someone who has taken their labor , taken the goods that they 've produced and then refused to pay them ? '' Clinton said at the first debate of the general election . `` I can only say that I 'm certainly relieved that my late father never did business with you . ''
Story Continued Below
Over the course of the campaign , reports have emerged about Trump refusing to pay what some vendors said he owed them .
`` I have met a lot of the people who were stiffed by you and your businesses , Donald , '' Clinton said , adding that there was an architect in the audience who was n't fully paid by Trump for designing a clubhouse at a Trump golf course . `` It 's a beautiful facility . It immediately was put to use . And you would n't pay what the man needed to be paid what he was charging you . ''
`` Maybe he did n't do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work , '' Trump responded .
Trump went on to suggest that he had only taken that route four times , and that he was within his legal rights to do so .
`` My obligation right now is to do well for myself , my family , my employees , for my companies , '' he said . `` And that 's what I do . But what she does n't say is the tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and they love me . ''
Story highlights An F-16 shoots a drone down with missiles , an Israeli military official tells CNN
The drone went down five nautical miles off the coast of Haifa
An Israeli warplane shot down a drone in October 2012 over the Negev Desert
Hezbollah claimed responsibility for that flight
The Israeli air force shot down a drone approaching the nation 's coast Thursday , the Israel Defense Forces said .
An Israeli F-16 shot the drone with air-to-air missiles , an Israeli military official told CNN . It went down five nautical miles off the coast of Haifa , and Israeli naval forces were searching the area while an investigation was initiated , the Israeli military said .
`` I view with utmost gravity this attempt to violate our border , '' Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a prepared statement . `` We will continue to do everything necessary to safeguard the security of Israel 's citizens . ''
Thursday 's incident marked the second time an unmanned aircraft had been intercepted in Israeli airspace within the past seven months , the IDF said .
In October 2012 , Israeli warplanes tracked and eventually shot down a drone over the country 's northern Negev Desert .
That drone did not carry any weapons or explosives , Israeli officials said at the time . They declined to discuss the drone 's route or whether it had approached any sensitive facilities .
Hezbollah claimed responsibility for sending the drone , which Israeli officials at the time said appeared to have originated in Lebanon .
Hezbollah frequently flies drones over Israel , but the military rarely bothers to shoot them down , Michah Zenko of the Council on Foreign Relations said at the time .
Lenovo recently announced its A526 the budget smartphone under 10,000rs and Also Announces its brand ambassador for Lenovo Smartphones . Now we recently got to review the Lenovo Vibe Z the Ultra Slim , Ultra Light Beautiful Smartphone
Specification
Snapdragon 800 2.26 Ghz Quad-core processor
2GB Ram
5.5 inch IPS LCD 1080P display
Corning Gorilla Glass 3
16GB Internal
Wifi , Bluetooth
13 MP 4128 x 3096 pixels , autofocus , LED flash With 30 FPS video Recording
5MP front
Android 4.3 Jelly Bean
In-Box Content
The Lenovo Vibe Z Device itself .
In-Ear Unspirable cords ( thin wire ) .
Micro-USB to USB Cable
Travel Adapter
Quick start and Other Warranty Documentation
Micro-Sim Tray remover
Build
When you hold Lenovo vibe z for the first time , it 's slim factor and light factor would be the one seen by anyone at sight . That sliver mat emboss finish back in its unibody design , at lower part chrome finish with speaker grills on it . The complete black screen with gorilla glass on front makes it a different black beauty of Lenovo . The side slim , smooth edges with chrome finish , which enhances it amazing beauty . The top has an headphone jack and a power button , the phone slimness is of the same size of 3.5mm headphone jack . The side has micro SIM tray , volume rocker . The power button is placed exactly as the Apple 's iPhone 's power button . The back top corner has an rectangular shaped 13MP camera with dual led flash on it . The front prospective at bottom , it has 3 buttons back , home , menu button . The form factor of 5.5inch screen looks huge with on paper specs , but it was easy to fit in my hands , pocket look for the video in detail .
Camera
The 13MP rear autofocus , dual led flash and 5 MP front after testing they were simply awesome . It would be the first android phone I had seen which auto focuses in secs . The image had so many vivid colours it captured those were mind blowing Lenovo . I did n't expect that from you Lenovo . The front facing 5 MP camera was so amazing when I clicked a shot it almost looked liked it had been Captured from rear . The 1080p screen makes it more amazing to view the captured vivid photos . The camera app it self has different effects to capture such as fish eye , blur , scope , mirror , glass , loom , pencil , star bust etc . The 13MP cam even performances amazing in low light conditions with its dual led flash and the night more is too more effective to shot more good pics from the phone . I guess I did n't expect the Lenovo to make a such good phone in less time . That too with amazing front cam was shocking for me . It 's a must-buy phone for selfies lover who loves to take lots of species .
Operating System and software
The vibe z comes with 4.3 out off box and it had a update of 49.50MB which I got when connected to my WiFi . The user interface is friendly it is almost same MIUI of xiaomii . The operating system had no specific app drawer , your home screen itself is app drawer with 6 themes which made the phone experience more amazing . Talking about the bloatware I use to get max 778 mb Ram to use out of 2GB yet the phone was smooth and performances was excellent . The inbuilt space availability was up to the mark , making it worth investing phone at that budget . The only thing which I notice there was no such music player which comes with other phone , here in Lenovo vibe z play music was default app to play music . The antutu benchmark scored 35000 approx which was above note 3 Top in the benchmark list , but in frames benchmark I did n't get 60 fps it was about 50 fps so that was quiet disappointing as note 3 gets it , but looking at budget I think it 's better that too with snapdragon 800 .
Music
When I started using Lenovo , It really forces me to add special music section because those speaker grills at the bottom of phone over chrome finish looks beautiful but also sounds good then those other phones in same budget . There is no such equalizer in the phone but when you plug good headphone in my case skullcandy those sound so amazing that was n't expected for Me . Those bass pumping and amazing level of treble set in default equalizer made me a total fan of Lenovo vibe z . We have even gone it from testing it to a car system and level of profile bumping up sounds and that clarity sounded was awful given out by Lenovo vibe z .
Call and Video call
The Lenovo vibe z had a unibody design and more importantly it has micro SIM , on the right side insert the thin pin which we get inside the box the micro SIM tray pops out and place the SIM on it . The top medium size call receiver speaker grill sounded amazing over the call the quality given was good . That front facing 5MP cam we already recommended it for selfies , definitely the video call will Be amazing on it.The speakers were amazing it even sounded good on video call and voice call over speakers .
Gaming
Gaming on Lenovo Vibe Z is amazing All because of krait 400 and snapdragon 800 2.26 Ghz which Benchmark score is above note 3 with 35,000 score in Antutu benchmark . We tested few games like Ashphalt 8 , Modern combat the Graphics generated by GPU were just awesome . We have shown it in video .
Video Review covering USB OTG , Build and Gaming Review
Final wordings
When we used the device it really never felt it as Lenovo phone , rather it belongs to premium android phone making community , that 's how awesome is Lenovo vibe z. Lenovo almost scores out of marks to build , camera and sound department .
The ruling today , declaring unconstitutional the Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990 , cast doubt on the ability of Congress to exercise jurisdiction over a range of activities it has recently defined as Federal crimes , including car jacking , drive-by shootings and violent demonstrations at abortion clinics .
Unlike the law the Court struck down today , which made it a crime simply to have a gun in a particular place , most Federal gun laws regulate activities like buying , selling or importing guns , activities that fall within the classic definition of interstate commerce and that the ruling today did not disturb .
But at the least , the decision is likely to encourage a new round of legal challenges to other gun control laws . `` Everything will be tested now , '' one Congressional aide said .
For example , one recently enacted Federal law , the ban on assault weapons , which is already the subject of a Federal court challenge by the National Rifle Association , makes it a crime to possess the weapons as well as to manufacture or import them . Possession of machine guns , undetectable handguns and `` cop-killer '' bullets are also crimes under various Federal laws that may now be open to legal attack .
The Brady law , which imposes a five-day waiting period for gun purchases and requires state officials to conduct background checks of purchasers , has already been declared unconstitutional in a half-dozen Federal district courts . The basis for those decisions , which the Clinton Administration is appealing , was not the Congressional commerce power but state autonomy under the 10th Amendment , which reserves to the states the powers not explicitly delegated to the Federal Government by the Constitution .
While that is a different rationale than the one the Court employed today , the 10th Amendment and the commerce clause are closely related elements of an ongoing constitutional debate over state power within the Federal system .
The language of federalism rang strongly through Chief Justice Rehnquist 's majority opinion , as well as in a concurring opinion filed by Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Sandra Day O'Connor . Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas , who filed his own concurring opinion , were the other members of the majority .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Joining Justice Breyer in dissenting were Justices John Paul Stevens , David H. Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Justice Breyer took the unusual step of reading from the bench this morning a portion of the dissenting opinion he wrote for himself and the three others . Justices Stevens and Souter filed their own dissenting opinions as well . Justice Stevens called the majority ruling `` extraordinary . ''
In his majority opinion , Chief Justice Rehnquist said the Administration 's arguments for upholding the Gun-Free School Zones Act `` would bid fair to convert Congressional authority under the commerce clause to a general police power of the sort retained by the states . ''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The Chief Justice said the law was `` a criminal statute that by its terms has nothing to do with 'commerce ' or any sort of economic enterprise , however broadly one might define those terms . '' He rejected the Administration 's argument that guns and violence in schools hurt the economy by undermining the educational process and making children less productive workers and citizens .
`` If we were to accept the Government 's arguments , we are hard-pressed to posit any activity by an individual that Congress is without power to regulate , '' Chief Justice Rehnquist said . By the same logic , he added , school curriculums and state laws governing divorce and child custody would also come under Federal control .
In his dissenting opinion , Justice Souter accused the majority of having abandoned the principles of judicial restraint . He urged his colleagues to remember the `` painful lesson '' of the New Deal era , when the Court 's activism in striking down Federal laws under the commerce clause brought the Court into disrepute and under sustained political attack .
`` It seems fair to ask whether the step taken by the Court today does anything but portend a return to the untenable jurisprudence from which the Court extricated itself almost 60 years ago , '' Justice Souter said .
One lesson from that period , he said , was that `` nothing about the judiciary as an institution made it a superior source of policy on the subject Congress dealt with . ''
In the dissenting opinion that Justices Souter , Stevens and Ginsburg also joined , Justice Breyer said the decision `` threatens legal uncertainty '' in legal matters that until now `` seemed reasonably well settled . '' His opinion included a 17-page appendix listing studies and reference works on violence in the schools and on the connection between education and the economy .
`` Why could Congress , for commerce clause purposes , not consider schools as roughly analogous to commercial investments from which the nation derives the benefit of an educated work force ? '' Justice Breyer asked .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One question the majority left unresolved was whether the Gun-Free School Zones Act might have been upheld had Congress , in passing the legislation , included the references and detailed argument that the dissenting Justices provided .
Some passages in Chief Justice Rehnquist 's opinion could be read as indicating that a more detailed rationale for the legislation -- not by Government lawyers defending it in Court but by those sponsoring and voting for it at the time -- could have bolstered the case that education was sufficiently connected with the national economy to come within Congressional authority .
But other part of the opinion appeared to look the other way , both with respect to the question at hand and to the broader issue of structural limits on Federal power over the states . The outer limits of Congressional authority under the commerce clause `` always will engender legal uncertainty , '' he said , adding , `` The Constitution mandates this uncertainty by withholding from Congress a plenary police power that would authorize enactment of every type of legislation . ''
Federal actions like caps on medical malpractice awards , which have been approved by the House of Representatives and are being debated in the Senate , will be open to challenge under today 's ruling if they ever become law because this area of law is historically a state preserve with a limited connection to interstate commerce . The pending legislation also includes limits on damage awards for defective products , which would be likely to survive a challenge because products move in interstate commerce .
The decision , United States v. Lopez , No . 93-1260 , upheld a 1993 ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , in New Orleans . That court overturned the conviction of a San Antonio high school student , Alfonso Lopez Jr. , for violating the Gun-Free School Zones Act by carrying a concealed .38-caliber pistol and five bullets to school . The appellate court invalidated the law , calling it `` a singular incursion by the Federal Government into territory long occupied by the states . ''
Lydia Picknell is the manager of Paradigm , a coach of the Latin American team Rebirth and a former professional Smite player . We asked Lydia about her Smite career , women in esports , and also about her opinions on the Season 3 changes coming to Smite .
How did you discover Smite ?
Lydia : I was introduced to SMITE by a group of friends that I used to play Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead with . It was my very first MOBA and I honestly had no idea what I was doing at first ! I remember them telling me “ Do n't die or your teammates will get really mad , ” so I was too nervous to leave the tower for like a week .
What attracted me to the game was mythology and ancient gods . I 've always been interested in history and ancient religions , and I found the game fun . I quickly changed to having it as my main game , and ended up playing more than my original friends did .
When did you first realise that you would like to actively take part in the community , and was coaching the first thing that came to mind ?
Lydia : One of my longest SMITE friends is former Dignitas ' solo laner Anatoliy . We met through SMITE and used to queue everyday together with my other group of friends . He got picked up by DIG and became too busy to play with us because of his new esports career . I thought to myself , hey , that sounds kind of fun , so I tried out for my first-ever esports team as an ADC . I ended up being taken on as a sub .
Athena was released and she became the only god I 'd play , so I switched to support . I got picked up by Mortality Ladies and stayed with them for two weeks before stopping from playing competitively myself .
I also subbed in one weekend for Reason Gaming when Snoopy slept in - becoming the first female to play in an official Hi-Rez sponsored tournament . We placed third that weekend .
How did you get into coaching and managing teams ?
Lydia : December of 2014 I moved back to Canada from London , England and decided to get back into esports after taking almost two years off for a serious relationship which had ended . I wanted to get involved again in the SMITE pro scene and put together the high level Challengers Cup team eloFisherS in Europe . I was picked up by Krett for a coaching project in South America , where they 'd pay and send coaches to help out their competitive scene . I left eloFishers and still do this project today with Rebirth . It was the first time I ever got paid for coaching !
With my work on Rebirth and eloFisherS , Upcoming Stars asked me to manage them and help them get sponsored . They were the last place team in Europe last year , and I got them sponsored by JusTus in 48 hours . That 's when I finally started believing in myself .
PARADIGM asked me to join them at the end of 2015 as a manager , and later , as a part-owner . It 's one of the biggest moments of my SMITE career . I still work as a manager and owner for the organization , and I still coach South America as my own personal project .
What were the biggest difficulties you had to face on your path to becoming a well known Smite personality ?
Lydia : I had a serious relationship with a big European SMITE streamer for nearly two years . I had lived with him in the United Kingdom in the end of the relationship , and people always knew me as his girlfriend . When I first wanted to be taken seriously in esports , I was just seen as someone 's ex-girlfriend . I fought for the majority of 2015 to prove myself , not only as a woman , but as a professional .
When I was at the SMITE World Championships in January with PARADIGM , I finally realized that people knew me as Lydia , not by something in my past . I had people want to take pictures with me , sign autographs , and meet me . It 's not something I 'm used to at all !
What is the reason why we do n't see many professional female gamers ? Should anything be done about it ?
Lydia : I think a big problem is the difficulties women face in a male dominated field - there 's not a lot of us at the high level , and there are not a lot of girls that think it 's worth it . There 's also a problem that some gamers do n't want to work with a girl ; no matter how good they are . Take for example Mogee : she 's the best female player in North America and she can hold her own against ex-Dignitas hunter Zapman . She 's never been able to get on a professional team , even though I think she is due . Nulisa , who was the sub for Epsilon , ( who won the Championship this year ) , also has n't been given the chance she deserves .
There are talented women in SMITE who are n't getting their chances to shine . It 's heartbreaking .
Is there anything you would like to say to women who are looking to get involved with esports ?
Lydia : I 've had so many messages of support throughout the last year from fellow women who said they 're inspired by my fight to be taken seriously as both a coach and a manager in esports . I do n't think of myself like that . I had a husband come up to me at the SMITE World Championship saying his wife lets him play video games because she saw my article in Polygon and became a fan of me .
The message I 've been fighting for , and what I 've always wanted to fight for , is that people should be judged on their results and what they bring to the table . No one should feel bad or be treated differently because of something they ca n't change - whether that 's race , gender , sexual orientation , their background ; anything ! If you want to do something do n't be scared to do it . There 's always going to be people who hate on you or say something about you - do n't let it stop you from just trying . You never want to look back years from now and think “ what if I tried ? ”
Are you happy with Smite 's growth as an esport ? Do you think that it is going to become very successful as the first MOBA on the Xbox One ?
Lydia : SMITE as an esport has changed A LOT from closed beta days . I first started playing back in closed beta , and I 've been around the competitive scene just as long . We 've come such a long way and I 'm so proud of Hi-Rez and our professional players for this growth .
I 'm not sure how it 's going to go on XBOX One , but it will be something I 'm interested in seeing . They 're launching a pro league similar to PC on XBOX this year . I do n't know if the scene is big enough yet for this , but I hope to be proven wrong .
What are some of the differences between coaching North American / European and Latin American teams ? Do they have different mindsets ?
Lydia : South American teams tend to be a little behind on game knowledge . They watch North American pro league games and will draft similar to top teams there , but not really understand the counter matchups or situational picks . They also do n't understand builds the same way , and I 've felt like I 've brought a lot of a mix of North America and European style to Rebirth and am excited to see what we 're able to do in season 3 of LatAm .
LatAm , as a majority , does n't rotate well as a team mid and late game . They also had work to do on decision making , which we 've done . Many teams are insanely aggressive , and just want to fight all the time and not know how to disengage . It gets better as they get more experience - and that 's what their scene is missing .
Are there any unusual things you have to do , which people would not normally expect from a coach / manager ?
Lydia : I once had to call the parents of a teenage player on our former PARADIGM XBOX team to convince them that he needed to go to a qualifier LAN last year . They thought he was playing way too much XBOX and did n't understand how serious it was and who these people were that he was always talking with .
I 've also had to run to a store during the Smite World Championships to grab one of my players cigarettes since we had an early check-in that morning . I do n't smoke , and it was the first time I ever bought any .
What is your favourite thing about working in the gaming industry ?
Lydia : The fans and the people at Hi-Rez make everything so worth it . I 've made such amazing friends through doing what I do , and I love going to events to see everyone ! I 've developed my own community where I get to hang out with awesome people that make my day brighter every time . There are a lot of laughs .
When PARADIGM qualified for the SMITE World Championship in November at the Super Regional LAN , I cried live on smitegame and on stage . It was such an overwhelming feeling and an amazing way to cap off a crazy 2015 . To put so much work into everything I do , and to know how hard each player worked on our team , was an amazing feeling .
What is your opinion on the Season 3 changes ? How will they affect the meta ?
Lydia : I have n't had time to play on the live version of Season 3 that launched today because I started a brand-new job that takes up my day between 8 - 4 every weekday . During the PTS stages , I fell in love with mages all over again . I think guardians and warriors with crowd control are going to continue to be top picks because of to nerf to beads ( turned into a relic with longer cooldown and shorter cleanse ) . Hades might even be a big deal again .
Who is your favourite god to play and why ?
Lydia : Athena and Scylla are my favorite gods currently in the game . I am at my most confident on Athena , and she is the god I always go to when I 'm feeling uncomfortable . She was my main for almost a full year , and one of my fans got me an Athena Sandboxr because of how much I love her .
As for Scylla she is my favorite mage in the game . There 's nothing more satisfying than landing her ultimate over and over again to win a team fight in just a few seconds… or using it to steal an objective . I just find her so much fun to play , even if I do try to show off with an ultimate through the wall too often !
As we all know , Paradigm became successful not only thanks to having great results in tournaments , but also because of its brilliant singers . Can we expect your Smite team to cover any more songs ?
Lydia : Please do n't encourage them . The world is n't ready .
Lastly , is there anything you would like to say to close out this interview ? Would you like to give any shout-outs ?
Lydia : I want to say thank you to everyone who 's supported me over the last year and a half while I figured out where I stood in esports . Team Lydia minions - you guys are the reason I love doing what I do and why I love streaming and contributing to the community ! PARADIGM : this is our year . Special shout out to Ruler & Covertactician for always having my back and helping me handle both streaming , coaching , and managing and keep me focused . Finally : Rebirth and Australia - I love you both ! Thanks for giving me a shot and wanting me back .
Thank you very much for the interview , Lydia ! If you would like to follow Lydia , you can do so on her Twitter . She also streams on Twitch from time to time , so make sure to check her out !
Hillary Clinton 's Senate Years Provide Insight Into How She Might Govern
NPR takes a look back at Hillary Clinton 's Senate years and what her policy and personality say about how she would govern as president .
KELLY MCEVERS , HOST :
On the campaign trail , Hillary Clinton often says she 's not a natural politician . She says she does n't enjoy retail politics like past Democratic candidates or even her primary opponent , Bernie Sanders . But there was a chapter in Clinton 's political life where her personal style allowed her to fit in . Here 's NPR congressional reporter Susan Davis .
SUSAN DAVIS , BYLINE : Hillary Clinton admits she 's not a rock star on the campaign trail . She ca n't communicate like Bill Clinton . She ca n't give a speech like Barack Obama , and she does n't draw thousands of supporters to rallies like her primary opponent , Bernie Sanders . This is how she put it at a recent CNN debate .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
HILLARY CLINTON : I am not a natural politician in case you have n't noticed , like my husband or President Obama . So I have a view that I just have to do the best I can , get the results I can , make a difference in people 's lives .
DAVIS : While Clinton 's particular set of skills has not wowed on the campaign trail , there was a time and place where her personality and governing style were widely praised , even among her political opponents , the United States Congress .
Republicans I interviewed who served with Clinton during her eight years on Capitol Hill say they were often surprised by how easy she was to work with . She had real policy expertise , and she knew how to cut a deal . Former Virginia Republican Sen. John Warner was impressed with her diligence on the Armed Services Committee . He was the chairman when Clinton joined the panel .
JOHN WARNER : When we had issues , she studied . She was well-prepared , almost without exception . She did her homework , and she was well-prepared . When she spoke , she spoke quite intelligently and factually and persuasively .
DAVIS : Others recall Clinton as a generous colleague who was happy to share credit , even if it helped Republicans , like Peter King , the only New York Republican still in Congress who served with her .
PETER KING : I had an excellent working relationship with her . She was on speed dial . Our offices would constantly talk . We never had to worry about Hillary one-upping you or anything . She was very , very good . Even - she would always put your name in her press release , that type thing .
DAVIS : Clinton can be a polarizing and unpopular figure for many Republican voters , but for many Republican lawmakers , she could be a critical partner to get things done . Former New York Republican Congressman Tom Reynolds credits Clinton with helping him bring home federal funds for a Buffalo medical campus and block an effort to close a Niagara Falls military base . These are the kind of things that do n't draw national headlines , but it 's that kind of work that builds respect in the halls of the U.S. Capitol .
TOM REYNOLDS : I found that when it came to New York and pothole issues , if you had a bona fide issue and you wanted help to get the job done , she was willing to listen and to work on it .
DAVIS : So Clinton was prepared , generous , effective . And these are all Republicans saying that . Perhaps , some of the lawmakers most apprehensive about how she 'd be as a colleague when she first won her Senate seat in 2000 were Democrats . Here was the first first lady about to become a senator . Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland says Democrats did n't know what to expect .
BARBARA MIKULSKI : And when she came , there were some initial hesitation on the part of the Senate . Was she was going to be celebrity , diva , entourage ?
DAVIS : Now Mikulski 's probably Clinton 's biggest fan girl in Congress today . She said Clinton thrived in the Senate because where people were expecting a publicity hound , they got a policy wonk .
MIKULSKI : I mean , she always comes with the memos and the binders and , you know , if you ask her for a glass of water , she 'll tell you the EPA clean water regs .
DAVIS : But as Clinton herself acknowledges , the skills that make a good senator do n't always translate to the rigors of the presidential campaign . It 's maybe why she sometimes sounds nostalgic about her years in Congress , as she did in a recent podcast with Politico 's Glenn Thrush , who hesitated to address the former secretary of state as senator .
( SOUNDBITE OF PODCAST , `` OFF MESSAGE '' )
GLENN THRUSH : And I was going to call you Senator Clinton because it 's ..
CLINTON : ( Laughter ) That 's good . I loved being a senator .
DAVIS : But most of those colleagues that Clinton was able to work with are n't here anymore . More than half of both the House and Senate has turned over since she left Capitol Hill in 2009 . So if she wins this November , she 'll have to start from scratch with the next Congress . Susan Davis , NPR News , the Capitol .
Copyright © 2016 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Thanks to my friends at Techland I have been able to test the upcoming Linux performance patch . It 's looking mighty fine right now.I 've been allowed to share the information with you GOL readers , and it 's quite exciting.On the same settings across both the old and new private beta patch , the performance difference is quite amazing . This new patch will also add back the Anti-aliasing option ( hooray ! ) , and even with that turned on with the new patch the difference was still shocking . I 've noticed a 20-30FPS increase , and sometimes even higher than that depending on what is going on.Scenes that previously gave 30-40 have been hitting 60FPS and I 've seen it go above 90FPS now too . : Nvidia 970 , Intel i5 4670K.Here are some screenshots on the current version : Now notice the framerate on the new patch to come : It 's quite hard to get truly accurate screenshots with the game time changing , and video is a no-go as the performance hit is n't fair to the game while recording . The game is vastly smoother in general.I 'm pretty damn impressed in how much better it performs with their work , and hope everyone will be able to enjoy it soon.They are still working on it , and a few bits left to do , but it 's coming . It 's still a pretty demanding game , just the Linux version wo n't be so overly demanding in future.Check out Dying Light on Steam
Logging into social media the last few days has been exactly the sort of experience you would expect : nearly every single person you 're connected to have just graduated with both political science and sociology degrees . But above all , my feed was mostly concerned with the really big issue going on in Baltimore over the last few days : `` Will Maryland Deathfest , the nation 's largest annual metal festival , be OK , '' and , `` Is anyone selling their ticket ? ! ? '' How is heavy metal and its culture responding to the historical protests unfolding in the city of Baltimore ? Well , to put it lightly , not well .
Last night when I logged into various social media outlets , I decided to try to catch up on the news coming from Baltimore in the most irresponsible manner possible besides cable news : the views and opinions of people who were hundreds of miles away from it . A few examples of what I saw : “ The rioting is just a mosh pit in the street. ” “ Catch me moshing all over the rioters. ” And the crown jewel of them all : “ Ya I was kinda hoping it would just turn into a mosh pit too ...... let 's get MDF started early ! ” These were just some of the reactions on Maryland Deathfest 's Facebook event page , a glimpse into one part of the social media world of heavy metal . Similarly , reactions from other outposts of dynamic thought also were voiced by other lifetime members of MENSA .
As expected with any topic from the latest fast food abortion , to hunting down anyone who either likes / dislikes Pantera , to things that , you know , actually fucking matter , my newsfeed blew up with people 's opinions . One tweet read “ This would never happen in my town . I 'm locked and loaded ! ” along with a picture of a firearm used to protect trash cans from empty bottles on weekends . The requisite crust anthems were hoisted from YouTube and posted to show solidarity with the protestors from the comfort of home . I 'm not here to tell you which side to take , but when I see people saying they 're going to Baltimore to “ help deal with the problem ” The posturing element is fucking asinine but , then again , what do you expect when someone actually said they should just have some NSBM play and “ no one would riot ” because that 's a real thought that a real person had ?
But what really brought on the most intestinal discomfort was how people reacted because the biggest metal party of the year , Maryland Deathfest , is less than a month away and many people 's first reaction to a city being torn apart by violence was whether or not their MDF plans will be inconvenienced . “ Change the fest to another city ! ” was one of many posts to their page because that seems easy enough , right ? So many people were concerned that the festival itself took time release a statement that actually told trolls on their event page to fuck off .
They issued this while the city was burning around them . These complaints from fans came within hours of the riots becoming a national focal point . These were these people 's real priorities . Lives are being completely undone on both sides of the fight but people seemed more concerned that they would n't be able to dress up like a farm animal and maybe “ accidentally ” bump into another person to try to say they got some MDF action .
Do n't give me some bullshit about missing bands ; we all know most attendees are not going to watch any bands . MDF attendees are going to be seen and to get shitfaced . I understand that a lot of people save all year for this and it would be a downer if it would be canceled , but , at this point , barely a day after it happened , perhaps the primary concern should n't revolve around a music festival . Keep that shit close to the vest for awhile . There 's probably something in an etiquette blog somewhere that says that . It 's the same one that says do n't be a classless parasite and hit every person who is concerned about this shit to try and buy their ticket .
There 's also been a fair amount of people concerned for their safety . I get that . That said , it 's three weeks out and adding to the hysteria is just going to fucking snowball . These events are bringing out a lot of the internet forum tough guys , too , who want to go looking for a fight because apparently it gets people to actually enjoy your shitty demo . Baltimore is already a fairly sketchy place for a bunch of metalhead drunks with a penchant to piss everywhere and yell “ SLAYER. ” I 'm pretty sure the usual rules of “ do n't be an asshole , that turns into a target ” is the same this year as all previous years . What 's more is that people actually suggested bringing the “ riot into the pit ” which was followed by a lot of stupid devil horns emojis and a discussion on how “ brutal ” it would be . Are you fucking kidding me ?
Metal 's priorities here are fucking sad . Regardless of which side you fall on for this struggle you need to understand that there is a larger event unfolding than the potential inconveniencing of a dearly loved yearly festival . There are things that happen outside of our own lives and every so often it 's good to publicly not be a completely selfish asshole .
===
PS . To put this next point briefly : Your jokes about Mobb Deep playing MDF are about as funny as crib death . Anyone bitching that this is happening around MDF forgets how Milwaukee Metalfest became a massive joke with pornstars and wrestling . Having Mobb Deep perform at least has substance and a lot less silicone . If you do n't like it , book your own fucking fest or do n't go .
U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez on Wednesday threw the Obama administration 's full support behind Colorado 's Amendment 70 , which seeks to raise the state 's minimum wage from $ 8.31 an hour to $ 12 an hour by 2020 .
“ This is one where the nation is watching , ” Perez told a round table of workers , business owners and nonprofit and union leaders gathered at Teatulia Tea Bar in Denver . “ The President is with you . I am with you . ”
Colorado , Arizona , Washington and Maine all have ballot measures to lift the state minimum wage . Perez expressed confidence they would all pass , just as similar measures did in Alaska , Alabama , South Dakota and Nebraska in 2014 .
Those last four states are considered red , or Republican leaning . But Perez said voters regardless of all party affiliations realize that low-wage workers are struggling to make it .
“ This is is not a Democrat or Republican issue , ” Perez said . “ No one who works a full-time job should be in poverty . ”
Several home health care workers at the round table described their struggles to make it in an industry where jobs are plentiful , the work hard and the wages low .
“ I am working 84 hours a week trying to get by , ” said April Medina , one of the workers . Having to buy medicine for a sick child can mean missing the rent and paying $ 40 in late fees , she said .
The Obama administration wants Congress to lift the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour from $ 7.25 , but has faced Republican opposition , Perez said . Instead , voters state-by-state are lifting wages when asked .
“ If there was a time to do a minimum wage hike , it is now , ” said Satyam Panday , a U.S. economist with S & P Global Ratings , which released a study on topic Wednesday and does n't have a dog in the fight .
Panday said previous research suggests that moderate increases in the minimum wage do n't trigger significant job losses , especially when unemployment is low , as is now the case .
Large employers like Walmart and McDonald 's have lifted their starting wages substantially off the federal minimum , and others are following . That contributed to a 5.2 percent surge in U.S. incomes last year and a sharp decline in the poverty rate .
At $ 7.25 an hour , the current federal minimum wage is 36 percent of the U.S. median wage , far below the peak ratio of 55 percent reached in 1968 . That 36 percent ratio is the lowest of 35 countries in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , the study found .
Setting the minimum to median wage ratio at 55 percent would take the federal minimum up to $ 12 an hour , the hourly rate Amendment 70 seeks for Colorado .
Panday acknowledges that a federal minimum wage hike would cut into profit margins and employment levels at restaurants and retailers , and some of those already struggling will fail . But it is likely their workers will get hired on by employers able to pay the higher wage . A higher minimum could also draw in workers who have disengaged from the labor force , creating more hiring options .
One way to view a higher minimum wage is as an investment in “ human infrastructure , ” he said . It will boost worker morale , lifts productivity and to some extent address rising income inequality .
Panday said it is important not to confuse a minimum wage with a living or sustainable wage . Only 3.3 percent of workers make the minimum wage , but there are millions earning just above the minimum wage who will receive a bump up .
Opponents of Amendment 70 have zeroed in on two issues . One is that a flat $ 12 an hour minimum does n't account for economic differences in in Colorado 's urban versus struggling rural areas . Oregon allowed for a tiered system in its wage measure , which was implemented this summer , but the drafters of Amendment 70 rejected that when asked .
Another concern , especially in the food service industry , is that the ballot measure lifts the wage for tipped workers by 70 percent , far more than the 44 percent increase in the overall minimum .
Sonia Riggs , president and CEO of the Colorado Restaurant Association , said that differential worsens the pay gap between workers who collect tips and those who do n't . More restaurateurs may replace tips , which they do n't control , with service charges , which they can distribute more equally . That could reduce the pay servers and bartenders in particular receive .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel today announced that he , along with the City of Chicago 's finance and legal teams and Chicago Parking Meters ( CPM ) has settled the outstanding legal disputes associated with the parking meter contract , and have negotiated improvements that benefit Chicagoans . The proposed changes will provide for free parking in Chicago neighborhoods on Sundays and will introduce a pay-by-cell option that will provide convenience for parkers choosing to use it . The settlement of outstanding legal disputes will eliminate more than $ 1 billion of estimated additional charges over the life of the contract .
“ When I was elected Mayor , I said this was a bad deal , but promised to do everything I could to make improvements on behalf of the taxpayers of this city , ” said Mayor Emanuel . “ So , my administration fought to ensure not one tax dollar was paid that we did n't need to pay . After thorough and ultimately constructive negotiations , I am proud to say that on behalf of the taxpayers of Chicago , we were able to successfully reach agreement with CPM to make some necessary and positive changes to this contract . ”
CPM reached out to the City and expressed its shared interest in resolving the outstanding legal disputes . The City welcomed CPM 's willingness to address key areas of concern and work constructively toward a positive solution for Chicago taxpayers . While accepting the contract as binding , both sides worked together on important adjustments that , if approved by the City Council , make important improvements for Chicagoans .
The proposed settlement agreement reached between the City and CPM and the proposed amendment to the parking meter contract will be introduced to City Council on May 8 , 2013 for its thorough review . In contrast to the original deal , which allowed for just three days of review , the City Council will have 30 days to review the proposed agreement and amendment .
These revisions were the result of Mayor Emanuel 's directive to his financial , technology and legal teams to obtain the tools and strategic positioning necessary to effectively manage the contract . Corporation Counsel Steve Patton , Chief Financial Officer Lois Scott , Deputy Mayor Steve Koch , Commissioner of the Department of Innovation and Technology Brett Goldstein , Vice Chairman of World Business Chicago Michael Sacks , were heavily involved in the effort .
The resulting dispute resolution and agreements include three important changes to the current parking-meter construct :
Taxpayers Will See $ 1 Billion Less in Charges
CPM would release more than $ 1 billion in estimated future charges to the City . The City received invoices totaling $ 49 million for the two-year period ending March 31 , 2013 . As part of the settlement , the City would pay $ 8.9 million for those two years , in line with its accounting of the amounts due to CPM under the original contract . These amounts were contemplated by the original transaction to compensate either the City or CPM for the City closing or adding parking spaces or changing periods of stay , hours of operation or parking rates . The $ 40 million difference between what was invoiced and what would be paid under this agreement represents over $ 1 billion in estimated future charges in today 's dollars to the City over the life of the contract that will no longer be payable .
Thanks to Mayor Emanuel 's directive to his financial and legal team , the City is now in position to access , control and process the data necessary for determining amounts due to or from the City under the contract . Previously , CPM had been performing its own calculations and submitting them to the City for review . Going forward , the City will perform the calculations and present them to CPM .
Free Sundays
Metered parking spaces in Chicago neighborhoods will now be free on Sundays . This will provide a much-needed benefit to people attending religious services and to those enjoying all that our neighborhoods have to offer on Sundays . Neighborhoods affected are those south of Roosevelt , west of Halsted and north of North Avenue . Free Sundays are expected to go into effect by the end of summer 2013 .
Convenient Pay-By-Cell Option
CPM will introduce a new pay-by-cell convenience option . This new feature will eliminate the need for parkers to visit the pay box , print a parking receipt and then place the receipt in their windshields . Instead , parkers will be able to simply enter a pay box number visibly posted on street signage into a cellular phone application without the need for a receipt . Parkers choosing to pay-by-cell will see a convenience charge of .35 cents applied to purchases of less than two hours at one time . Their phones will operate as their payment method and individuals can create an account with an initial balance of $ 20 . The pay-by-cell option will be available by the summer of 2014 .
Parking Hour Extensions
In connection with the agreement , the City has agreed to extend metered parking by one hour for all blocks where metered parking currently ends at 9:00pm ( from 9:00pm to 10:00pm ) . The area bordered by the Chicago River to the South , the lake to the East , Division Street to the North and the Chicago River to the West will extend meter times by three hours ( from 9:00pm to Midnight . ) Residential streets where meters currently run until 6:00pm will not see their hours of operation extended .
“ These changes provide relief on Sundays in Chicago 's neighborhoods , some convenience for those that choose to use it and significant savings for taxpayers , ” said Mayor Emanuel . “ While we can not turn back the clock and undo the parking meter deal , we have shown we can improve it and can certainly learn from it . ”
In addition to these three major points , the settlement agreement and amendment provide for numerous measures designed to improve the dispute process and improve communications and operations between the City and CPM going forward .
With respect to the EPAEL , or the disabled placard use dispute , an arbitration panel in In the Matter of the Arbitration between Chicago Parking Meters , LLC and City of Chicago , made findings in favor of both the City and CPM on various issues . In accordance with the arbitrator 's findings bound the City to pay CPM $ 12 million to close that dispute and will pay an additional $ 42.9 million of outstanding EPAEL claims from the past two years .
# # #
About The Author Aurimas Adomavicius is a creative lead at DevBridge , a Chicago based web application development company . He is also responsible for the creation of the website … More about Aurimas Adomavicius…
How To Successfully Educate Your Clients On Web Development
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors ' picks twice a month . Your email Subscribe →
If you are running a design agency , your job is very likely to combine business development , graphic design , technology and user experience design : a basketful of very different fields . When dealing with clients , one faces the challenge of clearly and effectively communicating the goals and results of the work done in these areas . In this post , we 'll provide you with some ideas on sharing information and knowledge with developers and clients — a couple of tips and tricks we 've learned from our own experience .
As designers , our core purpose is to solve business challenges for our clients . No , I have n't forgotten you Mac-loving , single-mouse-button-fanatic designers . A business solution includes an application platform , solid data design and a page design that makes the UI and website approachable and easy to use ( for converting , transacting , clicking on a monkey 's butt , etc. ) . Your daily challenge , then , is to deliver the project on time while satisfying the client 's visual , business and aesthetic requirements .
You may want to take a look at related articles :
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world : from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties , CSS Grid , Service Workers , performance , AR/VR and responsive art direction . With Marcy Sutton , Yoav Weiss , Lyza D. Gardner , Laura Elizabeth and many others . Table of Contents →
You 're Not As Smart As You Think… But Google Is
I like to think that I 'm always right ( boy , would my wife have something to say about that ) , and that becomes tricky when communicating with clients . As a professional , I am able to detect patterns , usability issues , trends in the industry and other important issues that the client might not be aware of . On the other hand , I 'm a complete idiot when it comes to semi-conductor temperature tolerances , furniture for pre-school institutions and the importance of steel spikes in lederhosen . My client , on the other hand , may be an Encyclopedia Britannica on every single one of those topics . What I 'm trying to say is that you have to remember that you 're an expert only on your own field and that you should prick up your ears when the client tells you something .
Negotiating For A Win-Win Result
So , as you tread your pitiable pixel-pushing existence , you should be aware of things that might give your sorry designer self an advantage in negotiating those sticking points in projects . Have you ever had a client who wanted a larger logo on their website ? Maybe a logo done in Flash , with a spinning earth and sparkles ! ? All valid requirements , I 'm sure ; and so during that meeting , as you slowly reached for the pencil to stab your quads under the table , you should have realized that business owners love their brands and are emotionally attached to them . You should have based your response , then , on a composite of research-based facts ( best presented as a link to a reputable source on the Web ) — an explanation that is specific to their business .
Client : “ I really want a bigger logo . I feel like it 's getting lost in the website. ” You : “ I understand why your brand is important to you . I have research here based on the top 500 retailers on the Internet and their logo sizes . The research indicates that the logo should take up less space than or be similar in size to the call-to-action element , or be one-fourth of the website 's width at most . In our case , that ‘ View products ' link should be the focal point of the website .
Damage Control : Sometimes Bending Over Is Part Of The Job
A successful negotiator ( and you are a negotiator — perhaps not a gun-toting , hostage-holding Samuel L. Jackson , but a negotiator nonetheless ) delivers a solution that makes both parties win . Your client is happy that their demands were met by their responsive and well-informed developer , and you 're happy because you did n't have to waste time in meetings . Hopefully , after you 've demonstrated the facts and your reasoning for keeping the logo at the same size , the client will change their mind and leave you basking in the glory of being right and not having to go back for a fix . In case they do n't , you still might not have to increase the size ; perhaps you could reassess your use of white space or employ other visual trickery of that devilishly sexy design field .
Position Of Authority : Your Voice Must Be Heard
As I mentioned , you do wield some authority in this line of work , but your client does also in their business . I recommend that for every project , you establish attainable and clearly defined goals , goals that will be measured by the website 's performance and enforced by strict deadlines . If you or your client does n't meet certain goals or deliverables by the deadlines , you could still launch the website if all critical items are completed , and then clear up the remaining items once the website is live . This strategy is used by major tech companies such as Google and accomplishes several important things :
Forces you to deliver on time ;
Focuses you on date-based deliverables , which makes the client easier to educate on “ sticky ” issues ;
Forces the client to deliver content , stock photos and their ideas to you on time , because any missing features would have to be paid for on an hourly consulting basis .
As you work towards these goals , know that at a certain point your opinion and decisions are critical to the project 's success . There 's no backing down or hiding your tail between your legs . Sometimes you can not negotiate , and the client must understand that they are paying you for a reason : because you know your stuff !
Keep in mind that your client also has authority and knowledge that might not be apparent to you during negotiations . For example :
Client : We want IE6 support through the website . The website will have a lot of JavaScript , dynamic elements , PNG graphics , etc . You : [ Jotting down a reminder to send hate mail to the IE6 team at Microsoft , ] IE6 is actually an outdated browser that has security flaws , a very poor rendering engine and very few users out there . I recommend we do n't accommodate it ( even Mailchimp does n't ! ) , and we tell those suckers to go to hell . Client : Did I mention that we service a large restaurant industry , and a lot of the terminals in restaurants still run Windows XP with IE6 ? You : [ Updates reminder to hunt down IE6 's creators . ]
At the end of the day you are at the mercy of the client , and you need to meet all of their requirements . But you also have to recognize your value and be able to demonstrate it through examples , research and logical arguments . Be responsive : ask a lot of questions in order to understand the client 's motivation . I endorse client education , but not to the point of losing the client and project . Remember that your client is a resource to you , and good communication will enable both of you to complete the project in time to watch the men 's figure-skating competition .
We all know paper money may not be the cleanest item we keep on us all the time , but we had no idea it could be this dirty .
Two bank tellers in Wenzhou , China have been infected with genital warts after gynecologists told them they caught the STD from touching dirty paper money . Most likely , according to doctors , the women were indirectly infected after handling the dirty money and using the bathroom without washing their hands prior .
One teller , a 30-year-old , claimed the only person she was sexually active with was her fiancé , who tested negative for any STDs . The other teller , who chose not to be identified , claims she has had no prior sexual experience .
According to doctors , most STDs , can not usually be spread through mere contact with dirty toilet seats , shared utensils , public swimming pools or money . However , genital warts can be spread through skin-to-skin contact , even when no warts are visible . According to Planned Parenthood :
“ Genital warts are spread by skin-to-skin contact — usually during vaginal , anal , or oral sex play . There is a chance genital wart can be spread even when no warts are visible . Treatment seems to lower the chance of passing the infection to a sex partner . ”
Remember to always wash your hands after handling money , and it may also be smart to avoid cash transactions altogether if you are ever in Wenzhou , China .
Source : Shanghaiist Image via NYTimes
A Blackhawks fan can be seen behind Chicago coach Joel Quenneville at the Honday Center in Anaheim , California on Sunday , May 17 , 2015 . View Full Caption Getty Images/Kevork Djansezian
DOWNTOWN — A Southern California newspaper columnist has lashed out at Chicago hockey fans , lamenting they have invaded Orange County and have brought their `` annoying '' ways with them .
In a column published Saturday ( before the Anaheim Ducks took a 1-0 lead over the Blackhawks in the Western Conference Finals ) , Orange County Register columnist Jeff Miller wrote , `` Chicago fans , please permit me to be the first to say it : You 're annoying . ''
Miller bemoaned how Hawks fans , with their propensity to travel to see their favorite team , take over stadiums of opponents on road games . While he allowed that such devoted fans `` should be applauded , '' he said the Chicago fans take it too far .
The slapshots included :
• Describing Chicago fans as `` sort of like Red Wings fans , only with worse personal hygiene . ''
• Ahead of the Sunday game , he predicted that Blackhawks fans would `` invade '' the Ducks ' home stadium `` proudly showing off their Blackhawks jerseys , chanting their grating chants . '' He added that Hawks fans `` gloat everytime Jonathan Toews does anything even remotely productive , like blow his nose on the ice . ''
• Making fun of the way Chicagoans talk . Referring to Ducks player Corey Perry , Miller wrote that he will get email from Hawks fans using the word `` seen '' as in `` I have seen Perry do this '' or `` I have seen Perry do that . ''
`` I 'm not sure what that 's about , '' he said . `` I guess it 's a Midwest thing . ''
KONKOL : Noisy , Inappropriate , Smelly Blackhawks Fans Annoy This California Writer
Hawks Win by a Whisker : We Have Better Beards Than the Ducks , WJR Says
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
The term `` low-hanging fruit '' has become a rapacious weed in energy and environment circles . But it 's not the only catchphrase taking over our conversations .
As I flip through energy efficiency articles and reports , I am struck by a plethora of other phrases embedding themselves in our language , like `` low-cost '' and `` no-cost '' ; the need to move our focus `` from the shop floor to the top floor '' ; or going `` from the boiler room to the boardroom . ''
I can not help but replace the phrase with `` from the boiler room to boredom ” -- because these terms , while very clever and inventive when first coined , are now stultifying clichés due to overuse .
When it comes to green issues , it seems the only way to attract a crowd is by peddling puns , neologisms and phraseology . In looking for a magic solution for the world 's ever-increasing emissions and waste and pollution , we 've bowed down to catchphrases .
Moderation , good sense and logic have always been hard concepts to sell , regardless of the product . But to take action against climate change , we 'll need to do exactly that .
Energy efficiency is perhaps one of the best weapons we have against rising greenhouse gas emissions , yet people are not sitting up and taking notice because it 's simply too practical and does n't have all the whiz-bang appeal of other technologies . It 's just not enough to argue that energy efficiency is the fastest and most cost-effective response to growing energy demand and the global climate crisis . It 's difficult to get people excited about how it brings a host of benefits to human health and the environment , generates jobs and drives economic growth .
We should n't need to dress up such a practical solution with fancy turns of phrase or adorn it with fruit of any kind . But if a plain meal does n't entice people , we can at least use the oldest trick in the book : storytelling . Stories have always proven effective to engage people on complex issues .
We need stories like the health and safety tale about Paul O'Neill , the former CEO of the metal manufacturer Alcoa , and what he achieved by putting his workers ' safety first . His goal was to make Alcoa the safest company in America and cut workplace accidents to zero .
He almost hit that impossible number , and profits went the other way : up , up , up . How did he do this by focusing on just the metric of safety ?
According to Charles Duhigg , who penned The Power of Habit : Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business , this singular focus rippled through the whole company and instilled a new culture . By opening the lines of communication on safety , workers were soon calling to tell their managers about all their great ideas -- ideas that , once implemented , saved the company money and increased profits .
As for the safety record , according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , employees were rarely sidelined by injuries under O'Neill 's leadership . Lost workdays fell from 1.86 per 100 workers to 0.2 during O'Neill 's thirteen-year tenure . That 's proof of the power of transformational change , something other companies can aspire to in creating better businesses .
Another example is that of Paul Polman , the inspirational CEO of Unilever . Polman is acutely aware of his responsibility as a leader in a multi-billion-dollar company with sites all over the globe . Every inch the social entrepreneur , he has been very vocal about the environmental impact of business , including at the U.N. General Assembly . These words have been backed by tangible actions .
Under Unilever 's Sustainable Living Plan , which Polman has driven , the company aims to halve its environmental footprint by 2020 while cutting costs , increasing profits and becoming more competitive . The plan seems to be working . Carbon dioxide emissions from energy used in manufacturing were 32 percent below 2008 levels in 2013 ; 75 percent of its factories now have zero waste ; and the company has avoided cumulative energy costs of €150 million since 2008 by improving its energy efficiency .
I also have a story about Ken Nelson , an energy efficiency expert and engineer . When Nelson was responsible for energy efficiency at Dow USA , he made some radical changes by challenging employees to get involved . This was back in the 1980s and '90s , when energy efficiency was just a cost-saving measure rather than a potential solution for climate change . Instead of going the traditional route of auditing , measuring and then proposing energy efficiency projects , he ran a competition at the Louisiana plant to see who could come up with the best solutions .
The first year , Dow had just 27 projects . They cost $ 1.7 million to run , but the return on investment was 143 percent . Ken thought , `` This is good , let 's do it again , '' and in the second year , employees came up with 32 projects at a cost of $ 2.2 million , and the ROI went up to 340 percent . It did n't stop there . The ROI got up to $ 37 million in one year at a cost of just $ 7.5 million . You can read more about this story in Amory Lovins ' great book , Reinventing Fire : Bold Business Solutions for a New Energy Era .
Jeremy Moon , the CEO of merino wool clothing company Icebreaker , offers yet another example . Moon has put sustainability front and center of his company , even inviting customers to trace their garments back through the entire supply chain to the sheep station , using the company 's unique “ Baacode ” system .
If I were to plug the number listed on my merino wool sweater into the company website , I might learn that the wool came from Branch Creek Station in Cardrona Valley , New Zealand , and that one of the farmers , Glen Curtis , met his sweetheart ( and now wife ) working on the farm ( she was the daughter of the boss ) ; or that the sweater was produced in a factory that has a commitment to minimizing environmental impact ; or that the “ plastic ” packaging is in fact made from vegetables . Moon is right on the money in connecting customers to his brand in this way . Drawing people into a story and giving them heartfelt experiences are surefire ways to provoke positive change and incite them to take action on important issues .
I 'm certainly not the first to push the point , and I wo n't be the last , but it 's time to get into people 's hearts instead of their minds if we 're to do something significant about climate change . Energy efficiency is a tool we can use to drastically cut our greenhouse gas emissions -- but we 'll need to tell the story in a way that we 've never told it before .
This is an invitation to all of you who have inspirational stories about people that championed energy efficiency and environmental sustainability and won hearts and minds in the process . Share your stories . We 're listening .
* * *
Jigar V. Shah is the executive director of the Institute for Industrial Productivity , an independent nonprofit organization whose role is to accelerate the uptake of energy efficiency practices in industry . IIP is the only global organization solely dedicated to helping reduce industrial energy use to mitigate climate change and address other relevant environmental issues .
Israel provided intelligence regarding the Russian plane crash in the Sinai Peninsula , which indicated that a bomb had detonated on board , CNN reported on Sunday .
An unnamed US official and diplomatic source said that Jerusalem handed over information about the blast to the US and UK . One US official told the news outlet he was “ 99.9 % certain ” the plane had been bombed , while another said it was “ likely . ”
Israeli officials declined to comment on the report .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Earlier , a member of the Egyptian investigation team said they were nearly certain explosives had brought the plane down , killing all 224 passengers on board .
“ The indications and analysis so far of the sound on the black box indicate it was a bomb , ” an investigator — who asked to not be identified — told Reuters . “ We are 90 percent sure it was a bomb . ”
As for the slim chance of another explanation to the crash , the investigator only commented , “ I ca n't discuss this now . ”
US and British officials have cited intelligence reports indicating that the October 31 flight from the Sinai resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh to St. Petersburg was brought down by a bomb on the plane .
Most of the passengers were from St. Petersburg and the surrounding region .
After Washington and London said they believed the Russian passenger jet might have been taken down by a bomb , Moscow on Friday halted all flights to Egypt .
Islamic State extremists claimed they brought down the Metrojet flight , without offering proof , saying it was in retaliation for Moscow 's airstrikes that began a month earlier against fighters in Syria .
Sources close to the probe have told AFP that experts involved in the investigation , with the exception of the Egyptians , “ strongly favor ” the theory of a bomb on board .
One source said there was only an “ infinitely small ” chance that a technical incident was behind the “ sudden explosive decompression ” on the plane suggested by an analysis of its black box flight data and voice recorders .
If it was behind the attack , it would be the first time the jihadists , who control large areas of Syria and Iraq , have hit a passenger plane .
The IS affiliate in Egypt is waging a bloody insurgency in north Sinai that has killed hundreds of policemen and soldiers .
In St. Petersburg , mourners remembered the victims in a ceremony that saw the bells of the iconic St. Isaac 's Cathedral tolling 224 times in memory of each person killed .
Modern Baseball at Webster Hall in December ( more by Amanda Hatfield )
Modern Baseball cancelled a tour and went on hiatus earlier this year , citing mental health issues , and it looks like they are back ! The Philly band just announced three hometown shows happening Friday the 13th weekend : 10/13 , 10/14 & 10/15 at Union Transfer . Tickets for all three are on sale now .
UPDATE : They are n't exactly back . Co-frontman Brendan Lukens tweeted , “ These are the last mobo shows for the foreseeable future . Gon na finally take our much-needed break after this Friday the 13th weekend. ” He also added that more bands will be announced for the Philly shows later on .
Modern Baseball co-frontman Jake Ewald also has a new album and tour with his Slaughter Beach , Dog project . Modern Baseball members are also backing Daniel Johnston at his final Philly show .
Subscribe to Brooklyn Vegan on
Introducing : GGnet new YouTube channel & RZNP as channel templar
GosuGamers is pleased to announce the addition of Heiko ‘ RazinglikeNP ' Hammer to our line-up . Heiko will take over the YouTube channel and dedicate his talents to creating skill and community movies in the future .
RZNP , who made a name for himself working with the likes of famous holy_hexor , just released his latest video ‘ NA'VIGATION – pushed to the limit ' and will start working on skill-movies for the various ongoing tournaments from both Eastern and Western hemispheres . Upon joining the GosuGamers family , Heiko `` RZNP '' Hammer had to say :
​ “ Hello GosuGamers community !
I am happy to announce that I will be in charge of the GosuGamers.net YouTube channel !
I have been editing DotA / Dota 2 Movies for almost two years now , working together with WoDotA , The Premier League , Ghost Pictures , Luminous , hOly_hexOr and many others . You 've probably seen some of my projects , e.g . the ‘ Hexor the movie 2 ' , on my private channel . I have now teamed up with the legendary GosuGamers and will leverage from their experience and reach to provide you with even more and better videos .
My goal is to showcase the best plays from all major tournaments and spread the word about the beauty of high-skilled competitive Dota 2 around the world and I 'm looking forward to building a team of people who scan through all the matches for the most epic and fail plays . Sign up here if you like to help us to collect timestamps or edit videos yourself . ”
Skill movies , also known as frag movies , have been around in eSports since the early days of Quake , Counter-Strike and Brood War , have persisted through the WarCraft III and DotA years all the way to contemporary titles and have been preserving the history of eSports in the most entertaining fashion . Consequently , GosuGamers ' motivation for pushing the YouTube channel after so many years is to pick up this very idea : to put the best plays into the limelight and hype not only the established professional players but also the up and coming individuals on the verge of bending the mechanics of the game .
The GosuGamers crew started to collect VOD material about two years ago , gradually creating one of the most complete VOD databases in the scene . Featuring more than 8,000 files to date , the next logical step was to boil down the vast amount of content and distil the essence of competition . It took some time until a plan was made and a core team of people was found to kick off this ambitious mission .
Our first movie will be launched on the upcoming Friday , September 22nd , and while RZNP is enjoying what could very well be his last vacation that week , the crew will be organizing time-stamps as to feed him enough content to forge his movies .
How to be a part of this ?
We 're currently looking for people who want to help us collect time stamps from tournament matches , video editors who like to build up their brand , as well as helping hands to go through community submissions for when we start creating user-submitted videos .
Sign up here to join GosuCrew as YouTube crew
Send in your own epic ( or fail ) plays to : [ email protected ]
Where to find us ?
YouTube RZNP | Facebook RZNP
YouTube GGnet | Facebook GGnet | YouTube subforum on GGnet forums
You have your own tournament and like us to release frag movies ? We 're always happy to get supported with tournament tickets ! ; - )
Asheville 's Burial Beer Co. wears a fairly heavy crown , these days . It 's no secret that since the acquisition of Wicked Weed by Anheuser-Busch InBev in the spring of 2017 , a lot more attention has turned toward one of North Carolina 's other most sought-after breweries . It 's also no secret that many beer geeks had already considered Burial to be “ the best ” brewery in Asheville even before the buyout was announced , with their relatively smaller size and grittier aesthetic helping to add street cred when compared to the shine and polish of the larger Wicked Weed . Living in Atlanta , I 've seen the brand 's popularity swell firsthand , as cans of Surf Wax IPA or Skillet Donut Stout have been greedily snatched up off store shelves around me since they were introduced to the market . They 've also performed well in Paste 's monthly series of blind style tastings , even taking home # 1 in our blind tasting of 116 saisons back in June .
Recently , while making a weekend swing up through Asheville with friends , my path crossed with Burial once again . The last time I stepped into the small space , just a handful of yards from other classic Asheville breweries such as Green Man , it was 2015 and the brand still felt like a new kid on the block . This has since visibly changed—with yet another new generation of Asheville breweries on the rise , Burial is now a savvy veteran of the scene . The original taproom location has now become the experimental lab of head brewer Timothy Ryan Gormley , with the larger-scale brewing happening at a second production brewery off-site . But there 's plenty that has n't changed—it 's still crowded ; the beer is still good ; there 's still plenty of inexplicable ( unless you inquire ) Tom Selleck tributes wherever you look .
As my group stopped by Burial on a weekend afternoon , I pulled Gormley ( a co-founder , alongside Doug and Jess Reiser ) aside for a quick conversation on beer styles , beer philosophy and Burial 's unique aesthetic , along with the evolution of the Asheville beer scene following the purchase of Wicked Weed . It follows below .
Paste : The Burial philosophy toward the brewing program as a whole ; is that primarily a product of your whim or a combination of you , Jess and Doug ?
Gormley : I think it was definitely a combo of the three of us ; we all added different elements to what the culture and visual aesthetic of Burial is , and what kind of beers we make .
Paste : By the way , let me just say that as a horror geek , I appreciate the sheer amount of death and gore so often found on your labels .
Gormley : Laughs Yeah , that 's true . It ties in nicely with our brewery name of course , but it 's mostly from the mind of our artist David Paul Seymour , who has been working in the metal and psych rock music industry for a long time . I think we 're his first non-music client , so he 's used to making a lot of album covers .
Paste : You just do n't expect to see a decomposing rabbit on a can of pilsner , ya know ?
Gormley : That was one of the first labels we ever did ( Shadowclock Pilsner ) with what we call the “ light side and the dark side ” of the can , where it 's clearly meant to be the same image where time has passed . The rabbit does not age well .
The grisly label in question .
Paste : So , there are a lot of breweries that do a bunch of IPAs , or a bunch of stout , or a bunch of saison , but you guys sort of specialize in those three things at once—that 's how I think of the Burial beer lineup , anyway . Why those three ? Because it seems to me if you 're making a Deathly Hallows-sort of insignia , those would be three good representations of American craft beer .
Gormley : Well , when we first opened it was a goal to approach as many different styles as we could , and at this point I think we 've made about 750-plus batches since we opened , and probably a couple hundred unique beers . We 've approached almost every style you could think of , but ultimately we fell into making the beers that we collectively as a trio love to drink the most . Also , I 'd be lying if I said part of it was n't a matter of brewing the types of beers that the beer geeks in the audience get excited about .
Paste : So with that said , what do you love about saison , IPA , stout , etc , in the style that you make them ?
Gormley : Okay , so ever since I got into beer I fell in love with Belgian styles . In 2010 , we took this research trip to Belgium , The Netherlands , France and Germany , and we became sort of obsessed with the concept and history of farmhouse ales in the Belgian style . We love Belgian styles across the board and make them all , but saisons especially speak to us because of the romantic history , I think … the whole concept of brewing on the farmhouse and using what you have available to you . I think that style has the most capability of being extremely diverse and adaptable . I love to drink them , and I love to brew them . With all of the different substyles we can do with mixed cultures and wild yeast and blending , I do n't see how you could ever get tired of saison .
As far as stouts go , we really try to make stouts year round , which is a little bit unique . I think in a lot of ways stout is the exact opposite of saison , which is typically very dry and effervescent and earthy , where your stout is probably going to be sweet , roasty and big-bodied . It 's a time-and-place sort of style—when I 'm in the mood for stout , it feels like it 's everything I could ever want . And of course I love being able to play around with barrel-aging stouts , using adjuncts and finding inspirations in various decadent desserts , or using fruits … there 's more variety in stout than people realize .
As for IPA , I 'd be remiss if I did n't say that Doug is the champion of IPA here . He pretty much writes all the recipes for the IPAs . I enjoy them from time to time , but they 're not really my thing to be honest . But Doug loves to experiment with them and has been doing a series of DIPAs this whole calendar year , a new recipe every month , which has been a fun challenge for him .
Paste : I think perhaps Surf Wax is your crown jewel , as far as those are concerned .
Gormley : Yeah , that 's about as close to a flagship as we come to . We make more of it than any other beer at this point ; it 's been very good to us .
Paste : What was it like in this Asheville beer community in the wake of the AB InBev buyout of Wicked Weed , and how do you feel about sort of inheriting the title as one of the town 's critical darlings ?
Gormley : I 'm full of mixed emotions when it comes to that . Obviously , if you were in Asheville prior to the buyout of Wicked Weed you 'd know that we were very , very close . And from a personal level we 're still close . We started close to the same time , and were two of the first breweries to embrace Belgian styles in town . We bonded over that , and we had a ton of respect for how diverse and stellar their lineup has been . We leaned on them a lot if we needed ingredients or barrels , or things like that , and they always helped us out .
So when that news came out , it was kind of a crushing blow to us . We struggled with how to deal with it , not only as people but as a company . And I think we tried our best to kind of separate those two things . From a company standpoint , we disagree with that concept of selling out to a company that is in a lot of ways trying to put people like us out of business , but from a personal standpoint we 're not going to say “ Hey , we do n't like you as people anymore. ” For 99 % of them , they did n't have anything to do with the decision . From what I hear , a lot of locals do n't go there as much anymore , but the tourists may not care , and that 's fine . I do n't find myself drinking there anymore , but I still see and talk to the guys who work there . They have an absolutely amazing wealth of knowledge .
Jim Vorel is a Paste staff writer and resident beer guru . You can follow him on Twitter for much more beer content , including Paste 's blind tasting series .
Thank you so much for everything ! I love everything that you gave me ! My boyfriend was with me when I got the package and he said that I looked like a little kid on Chrismtas ! The coloring pencils look EPIC and I am SO excited to use them in that AMAZING coloring book that you got me ! Just flipping through it makes me excited ! The little fox is SO CUTE ! I have him sitting on my nightstand right now ! And I got Snow White Themed posters in the mystery ! I LOVE the Evil Queen ! It 's literally perfect that that 's the posters I got in the mystery box ! I do n't know if I wrote it or not , but I LOVE TSUM TSUMS and I love turtles ! And I am going to make the pop out dudes Halloween Night ! And even though they are erasers , I plan on making some cool decorations using them ( because who uses erasers as erasers ? ! Probably everybody but me but oh well ! ) Thank you Thank you ! ! !
After losing to the Atlanta Hawks in their February debut on Wednesday , the 76ers will look to move forward by recapturing the form with which they played throughout the better part of January . They won four games in the month , and made gains defensively , on the perimeter , and , most notably , in point guard performance .
By no means has the impact of Ish Smith been lost on Brett Brown . Smith started all 14 of the Sixers ' January outings , and manufactured 8.1 assists per game for the month , an average that was fifth-best among all NBA players . Still , Brown believes there 's another factor responsible for explaining why the club has been moving along as of late .
“ A lot of people , some fairly , point to Ish as the thing that tripped all of this . That is not entirely true , ” Brown said Wednesday of the point guard who 's averaged 15.4 points per game since being reacquired by the Sixers on December 24th . “ There is improvement in all of the players , and I think in all of the schemes we 've gotten better because it has been so vanilla . ”
Brown feels that the straightforward nature of the Sixers ' offense and defense has caused a positive dynamic to emerge among his young players .
“ It 's just more accountable , it 's a freer conversation because they at times can beat me to it where they know they 've made a mistake , ” explained Brown . “ A teammate can react to a teammate where they know they 've made a mistake . When you get to that type of system , where the players can coach the players , and that level of accountability is moving forward as it is with us , then I think schematically you can improve . ”
In addition to an increase in accountability , the Sixers ' roster is also now experiencing greater stability than it has featured in the past . So far , the team has parted ways with just two players - Phil Pressey and Tony Wroten - who had appeared in a regular season game . This time last year , the Sixers had already moved on from six players that had suited up for at least one outing .
“ Just everybody has played a big role in what we 've done so far , and we built upon it , and we see what we 're capable of , so guys are really locked into what we 've been doing , ” said Robert Covington , discussing the benefits of the Sixers ' continuity . “ We 're going out there each and every night and showing what we 're capable of , and doing it on a consistent basis , and guys are giving great effort . That 's one thing we build off of . We see it , because all the games that we 've played , there 's been so much growth from it from when we first started , and now that we 've continued to get better and grow throughout the season . We just got to continue to build . ”
Friday 's visit to the Washington Wizards will give Covington and the Sixers their next opportunity to pursue that mission .
Canada 's oilpatch is “ not out of the woods yet , ” says the Petroleum Services Association of Canada , which lowered its 2016 drilling forecast Wednesday to 4,900 wells , down 250 from its original early November prediction .
The association said it is basing its revised forecast on average prices this year of US $ 38 per barrel for benchmark West Texas Intermediate , Cdn $ 2.50 per thousand cubic feet for Alberta natural gas and an exchange rate of 72 Canadian cents to the U.S. greenback . In New York , WTI rose 85 cents to close at US $ 32.30 per barrel on Wednesday .
“ There 's nothing on our horizon indicating anything getting better anytime soon , at least not in this year ahead of us , that 's for certain , ” PSAC president and chief executive Mark Salkeld said in an interview , blaming low prices and producer spending cuts on a North American oversupply that has stretched reserve capacity .
“ These challenging circumstances are taking their toll on the oilfield services sector just like all other sectors of the energy industry and the effects ripple across all the supporting industries . I 'm afraid we are not out of the woods yet . ”
The report comes at what would normally be the busiest time of the year in the Canadian oilpatch as frozen ground allows heavy equipment access into swampy backcountry leases . However , after an extended break for rig crews at Christmastime and a less than robust winter ramp-up , the rig count has actually been declining .
Dan MacDonald , an analyst for RBC Dominion Securities , said in a report this week that the active rig count in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin fell 13 rigs to 228 this week compared with last week and is now 41 per cent below the count of 384 rigs at the same time last year — 61 per cent below the five-year average of 583 rigs .
“ We see a strong likelihood of the rig count declining from this point onward into spring breakup , with a bias toward an even steeper trajectory than 2015 , given conservative E & P ( exploration and production ) capital programs in the current commodity price environment , ” he wrote .
The report noted that the utilization rate for rigs capable of drilling deeper than 3,700 metres is 43 per cent , much higher than 24 per cent for the remainder of the fleet .
The Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors said on its website that only 209 rigs were working in Canada this week , about 28 per cent of the 738 rigs total .
The association has estimated that 30,000 jobs directly linked to drilling have been lost since the end of 2014 . It forecast in November that 4,728 wells will be drilled in Western Canada this year , a 14 per cent drop from the 5,531 wells drilled in 2015 and representing utilization levels at the lowest point since 1977 .
Salkeld said he was working as a heavy-duty rig mechanic in 1983 when he was laid off in the downturn that followed the Liberal government 's National Energy Program , his only layoff in a 35-year career .
He said the current situation is expected to be just as bad if not worse . He said PSAC laid off four of its 12 full-time staff in the past year as membership declined to 200 companies from 235 .
PSAC said it estimates 2,718 wells will be drilled in Alberta this year , down from 2,854 in 2015 . About 330 wells are forecast for British Columbia , off from 535 in 2015 ; 1,643 wells in Saskatchewan , down from 1,818 ; and 205 in Manitoba , down marginally from 207 . PSAC 's total number of wells in 2015 came in at 5,427 .
Salkeld said it 's “ extremely frustrating ” that infrastructure projects such as pipelines continue to face delays and debate when the oil and gas industry is suffering so severely .
dhealing @ calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/HealingSlowly
TEHRAN , Iran — Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guard said Saturday a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier fired a warning shot in an “ unprofessional ” confrontation with Iranian vessels , the official IRNA news agency reported .
IRNA quoted a statement from the Guard as saying that the USS Nimitz and an accompanying ship came near an Iranian oil offshore platform in the Persian Gulf and a helicopter from the ship hovered near vessels manned by Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guard .
The report said the confrontation took place Friday afternoon and the U.S. navy ships left the area following the encounter .
The U.S. Navy 's Bahrain-based 5th Fleet had no immediate comment .
The incident comes after a U.S. Navy patrol boat fired warning shots Tuesday near an Iranian vessel that American sailors said came dangerously close to them during a tense encounter .
Iran and the U.S. frequently have run-ins in the Persian Gulf , nearly all involving the Revolutionary Guard , a separate force from Iran 's military that answers only to the country 's supreme leader . In January , near the end of then-President Barack Obama 's term , the USS Mahan fired shots toward Iranian fast-attack boats as they neared the destroyer in the Strait of Hormuz .
Iranian forces view the American presence in the Gulf as a provocation . They have accused the U.S. Navy of unprofessional behavior , especially in the Strait of Hormuz , the mouth of the Persian Gulf through which a third of all oil trade passes by sea .
After several requests , I have finally got around to doing an Introduction to Second Life series . I will share a few videos I 've recently done , along with some I 've done in the past , which hopefully assist you in understanding how Second Life works and what you can do there .
I will share each video and what it contains and then I will share a series of links that I think will help you even further .
First video is called “ Intro to Second Life – Creating an Account & Moving Around ” and in this video I showed how to create an account , downloading the main SL viewer , moving around and a few settings in preferences . In this video I started with SecondLife.com to create my account and used the main SL viewer . ( NO LONGER AVAILABLE – READ THIS POST – UPDATE , I was allowed to re-upload it , read that post for all the updates . )
Second video is called “ Intro to Second Life Part 2 – Searching , Shopping & Improving your Appearance with Mesh ” and in this video I showed how to use the search feature in Second Life to look up people and stores . I also went shopping to show where you can pick up some mesh bodies and then I showed how to wear mesh bodies and heads . In this video I started with using the Firestorm viewer and this is the location to the Firestorm Sandbox I was at .
Third video is one I did last year called : Second Life Streaming – Photography Tips by Strawberry Singh
Fourth video is also one I did last year : Second Life Streaming – Photo Tips and Catwa Mesh Head
Both of these videos were done while I was live streaming so I missed some parts in the first one , which I then covered in the second video . I talked about my graphics settings , windlight settings and how to edit windlight to get it to your liking and then also how I take a snapshot . There are also some other tips and tricks in all 4 of these videos which I think you guys might find informative .
Hopefully these four videos will give you a better understanding on how SL works and how you can improve your appearance and take better quality images . Once you have seen these , please also check the following links for more information :
Now here is a list of some of the stores I mentioned in the first two videos :
> Maitreya ( for mesh body )
> Slink ( for mesh body or head )
> Glam Affair ( for skins and skin appliers )
> Zaara ( for & other mesh clothing )
> Addams ( for mesh clothing )
> Truth ( for mesh hair )
> Catwa ( for mesh heads )
> Akeruka ( for mesh heads )
> LeLutka ( for mesh heads )
> Logo ( for mesh heads )
I think this covers most of the questions that I get on a regular basis . Please make sure to check out all the videos and the links I 've shared , hopefully you will learn a lot more about SL from them . If you do have any questions , feel free to leave them in the comments of this post or the videos and I 'll try and answer as many as I can . Please do keep in mind that any CSR questions about products that I blog or if you ca n't find the items that I 've blogged in the past , it would be best to contact the designer of that item as they would be more helpful in that area than I would .
If you can also share this post with your friends and on your social networks , I would really appreciate it . Hopefully we can get others to try out Second Life as well ! Thank you for reading and have a great day ! < 3
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Transcript for Student With Cerebral Palsy Wins Wrestling Match
video we can not get enough of . We showed you this memorable wrestling match yesterday . The middle schoolers teaching us all life lessons . `` Good morning america '' salutes you both , jared stevens and justin kievit . At first glance , this may look like an ordinary wrestling match between two seven graders . With one boy defeating the other . But on this day , both of these 12-year-olds left the mat as victors . And to call this extraordinary does n't even begin to describe it . Take a closer look . You see , jared stevens has cerebral palsy . But he does n't let that stop him . He wants to wrestle . He asked coach if he could get on the mat . That 's when we asked the coach , you know , what do we have to do to make that happen ? Reporter : He started practicing . And then -- the next logical question for somebody who 's practicing with a wrestling team , hey , coach , i want to get a match . What do you think , dad ? And I was like , put him on . Reporter : So , they approached a coach from the opposing team . He called me over to the side and said , he wanted to get jaret on the match today . And asked if I had kids who understood what the world is like . Reporter : Enter justin keivit , in his very first match . I shook his hand . I noticed he could n't move . On the mat and pulled him over me . And slid under him like that . Reporter : And with the crowd standing and cheering , jared pins justin to the mat in just 18 seconds . Jared wins , as evidenced by that ear-to-ear smile . He looked at me with a cheerful face and smiled at me right when the match was over . That made me feel really good . The two adjectives that came out of this whole episode is courage and character , on both of these guys ' part . Reporter : Courage and character . And a remarkable show of contrition . Sometimes winning always is n't the right thing and is n't the most important thing . Wow . I have to tell you -- that 's unreal . Yeah . Teaching us all . Yeah . Teaching us all . Fantastic . That is great . And the behind the story was just as good as you thought it was going to be . That conversation from the coaches . It was completely spontaneous . Do you have a kid with a big heart ? And then , you have this kid , who , in the end , just does it all . Any advanced notice or anything . Makes you feel better about the world . It really does . And kudos to those parents . Great family . Great , both of them . They really did .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Spending on information technology will hit $ 2 trillion for the first time ever in 2013 , even as the economic slowdown in China means lower growth rates on spending , market researcher IDC said today .
Worldwide IT spending will rise 4.6 percent this year from 2012 , down from an earlier forecast of 4.9 percent and a “ sharp deceleration from last year 's growth of almost 6 percent , ” IDC said in its report . In addition to China , IDC says spending has also been scaled back in Europe , Canada , Brazil , the Middle East , Africa and parts of Asia Pacific .
While demand for tablets and smartphones continues to rise , sales of those devices wo n't offset the declines in orders for PCs and other types of enterprise products , including servers and storage devices . Currency fluctuations are also weighin on the earnings of U.S.-based IT suppliers . `` Enterprise IT suppliers , and U.S.-based vendors in particular , are experiencing a challenging year , '' said Steve Minton , an IDC analyst . `` While mobile device sales continue to outpace expectations , the rest of the industry is experiencing weakening growth as the global economy faces up to a slowdown in China , which may yet spiral into a more severe downturn . ''
Here are some of the takeaways from IDC .
• On PCs . “ The PC market , in particular , performed poorly in the first half of 2013 as cannibalization from tablets continues . The economic slowdown in China , reverberating throughout Asia/Pacific , also took a bite from PC revenues ; worldwide PC spending is now expected to decline by 7.2 % in 2013 , down from the previous forecast of a 2.6 % decline . Only the U.S. bucked this trend somewhat , with PC sales a little stronger than expected in the second quarter , but not enough to offset the overall decline in shipments and average prices . ”
• On IT hardware . “ Growth continues to decline in other hardware sectors , with worldwide server spending now expected to decline by 3.5 % in 2013 while storage hardware revenues will increase by just 1.9 % ( down from 6.5 % growth in 2012 , and down from the previous forecast of 2.4 % ) …There are still pockets of growth , but overall hardware investments are in a cooling phase , which will last until 2014 at the earliest . ''
• On IT software . “ IT services expectations have been impacted by economic weakness in some regions and continuing cannibalization from cloud services . IDC has lowered the forecast for U.S . IT Services growth in 2013 from 3.7 % to 2.9 % , and worldwide services growth is now expected to be 3.4 % , ( down from the previous forecast of 3.8 % in constant currency ) . ”
• On China . “ The slowdown in the Chinese economy was a drag on IT spending in the first half of this year . IDC now forecasts overall IT spending growth of 9.5 % in China this year ( in constant currency ) , still slightly outpacing GDP but down from the previous forecast of 12.9 % growth and a sharp deceleration from the pace of the past four years . Meanwhile , the upturn in Japanese stock market confidence , driven by the new government 's deflation-busting policies , has yet to materialize in a major upturn in IT spending . ”
IT 'S not due to be released until September but technophiles ca n't keep themselves from poring over the latest iPhone 7 leaks .
The fresh leaks are some of the most detailed yet and confirm a number of suspicions held by avid Apple fans about the features the new handset will have .
Most notably , it appears as though the headphone jack will be a thing of the past for the iPhone .
It 's long been suspected to disappear from the phone in order to make way for a slimmer design , as well as push customers towards wireless headphone .
Earlier in the year , sources from inside Apple 's Chinese supply chain confirmed to Forbes that the headphone jack would be absent from the phone .
Leaked blueprints for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were shared on Twitter by professional tech leaker OnLeaks , aka Steve Hemmerstoffer . Last year he leaked accurate images of the iPad Pro classic before it was publicly released .
Both models will apparently have the same dimensions as the current iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus currently on the market .
Judging from the leaked images , the larger model of the iPhone 7 could come with a smart connector that can transfer data and power between devices . The connector is currently used by the company to connect Apple keyboards to the iPad Pro .
Another feature that has long been rumoured and is corroborated by the leaked images is a dual-lens camera for the iPhone 7 Plus . The superior camera will allow for SLR quality photos .
According to The Verge , the move will mean the larger model will come with 3GB of RAM to handle the image-processing requirements of the new camera .
GLENDALE , Ariz. — Police say an Arizona man fatally beat his stepfather , a disabled veteran who uses an electric wheelchair , reports CBS affiliate KPHO .
Investigators say that on Tuesday afternoon , suspect Heath Allen McConkey demanded the 72-year-old victim get out of his hospital-style bed . When the victim said no , 46-year-old McConkey `` became enraged '' and started punching the victim in the face with both hands , investigators wrote in court documents .
McConkey then allegedly pulled the victim , whose name has not been released , off the bed and onto the ground and continued to punch and kick him , investigators said .
Allegedly `` exhausted from beating the victim , '' McConkey soon passed out on the floor , police said . His mother arrived home not long after that and found the two men in a pool of blood .
She called police and McConkey was arrested .
McConkey is being held in jail on a secured bond of $ 1 million .
Attwater 's Prairie Chicken
What Can You Do ?
Adopt-a-Prairie Chicken is a program that allows you to share in the efforts to restore this beautiful bird on our Texas prairie . By donating to the Adopt-a-Prairie Chicken program you are donating to the zoos that are raising this bird for restoration purposes . All funds donated are transferred to the zoos to offset the cost of raising these birds , to assist in developing new facilities or to allow the development of new vaccines and other tools to enhance survivability of these birds .
Donation form to sponsor an Attwater 's Prairie Chicken chick ( Word 46 KB )
Donation form to sponsor an Attwater 's Prairie Chicken Chick ( PDF 232.7 KB )
Attwater 's Prairie chick
Communicate with your family , neighbors and friends about this endangered bird and the need to ensure it continues to survive in Texas . To help with this , all who adopt a bird under the Adopt-a-Prairie-chicken receive an educational package that can be donated to local schools or libraries , presented to family and friends or used in any way they see fit to make others aware of this beautiful bird and the threat it faces . We also have the `` Attwater 's Prairie Chicken '' Brochure ( PDF 885.1 KB ) which you can download for distribution .
Educate those in your community about the pressures this bird faces and the potential for extinction that exists on the prairie today . Staff of the refuges and their partners are willing to talk to groups and organizations that might have an interest in this bird . If you know of a group that might want to assist this program , please contact us and let us know .
CLEVELAND , Ohio - The Akron RubberDucks will be featured Sunday on the Travel Channel 's `` Food Paradise '' show at 9 p.m .
The episode will focus on Minor League Baseball . The show came in Aug. 20-21 to film in the city and Canal Park , home of the Class AA team and its extreme-food items .
That menu put the RubberDucks on the map and drew the show 's attention . The episode will feature menu items at ballparks across the country , including a couple served at the Akron stadium . Interviews with players , front-office staffers and the team 's chef are included .
Here are the air dates :
* 9 p.m. Sunday , Nov. 26 .
* Midnight Monday , Nov. 27 .
* 5 p.m. Saturday , Dec. 2 .
* 3 p.m. Sunday , Dec. 17 .
In the past few seasons , the RubberDucks have rolled out feasts with names like The Squealer , The Notorious P.I.G . and Meat Your Maker Quesadilla .
More coverage : Here 's our story about the show coming to town and more on the extreme foods at the park .
Image caption Cloud whitening is just one of a range of strategies known as `` geoengineering ''
Whitening clouds by spraying them with seawater , proposed as a `` technical fix '' for climate change , could do more harm than good , according to research .
Whiter clouds reflect more solar energy back into space , cooling the Earth .
But a study presented at the European Geosciences Union meeting found that using water droplets of the wrong size would lead to warming , not cooling .
One of the theory 's scientific fathers said it should be possible to make sure droplets were the correct size .
Cloud whitening was originally proposed back in 1990 by John Latham , now of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , US .
It has since been developed by a number of other researchers including University of Edinburgh wave energy pioneer Stephen Salter , joining a number of other `` geoengineering '' techniques that would attempt either to reduce solar radiation reaching earth or absorb carbon dioxide from the air .
One version envisages specially designed ships , powered by wind , operating in areas of the ocean where reflective stratocumulus clouds are scarce .
The ships would continually spray fine jets of seawater droplets into the sky , where tiny salt crystals would act as nuclei around which water vapour would condense , producing clouds or thickening them where they already exist .
It has not yet been trialled in practice , although proponents say it ought to be .
Drop kick
But Kari Alterskjaer from the University of Oslo in Norway came to the European Geosciences Union ( EGU ) meeting in Vienna with a cautionary tale .
Her study , using observations of clouds and a computer model of the global climate , confirmed earlier findings that if cloud whitening were to be done , the best areas would be just to the west of North and South America , and to the west of Africa .
But it concluded that about 70 times more salt would have to be carried aloft than proponents have calculated .
And using droplets of the wrong size , she found , could reduce cloud cover rather than enhancing it - leading to a net warming , not the desired cooling .
The trouble is that clouds are very complicated ; as soon as you start manipulating them in one way , there are a lot of different interactions Piers Forster , University of Leeds
`` If the particles are too small , they will not brighten the clouds - instead they will influence particles that are already there , and there will be competition between them , '' she told BBC News .
`` Obviously the particle size is of crucial importance , not only for whether you get a positive or negative effect , but also whether particles can actually reach the clouds - if they 're too large , they just fall to the sea . ''
The possibility of this technique having a warming impact has been foreseen by cloud-whitening 's developers .
In a 2002 scientific paper , Dr Latham wrote : `` ... the overall result could be a reduction in cloud droplet concentration , with concomitant reductions in albedo and cloud longevity , ie a warming effect '' .
But , he argued , this possibility could be eliminated by careful design of the spray system .
Contacted after the presentation in Vienna , Professor Salter took the same line .
`` I agree that the drop size has to be correct and that the correct value may vary according to local conditions , '' he said .
`` However , I am confident that we can control drop size by adjusting the frequency of an ultrasonic pressure wave which ejects drop from micro-nozzles etched in silicon .
`` We can test this at very small scale in the lab . ''
Professor Salter is working with engineers in Edinburgh to produce extremely fine yet robust nozzles from semiconductor sheets .
Small cuts
In an era when many climate scientists are frustrated by slow progress in reducing greenhouse gas emissions , cloud whitening has sometimes been held up as an example of a technology that could make a real difference , at least to `` buy time '' .
Image caption The technique 's prospects depend crucially on how droplet size affects reflectivity
It has been calculated that a fairly modest increase in the reflectivity of these marine clouds could balance the warming from a doubling of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere - although even proponents admit it would do nothing to combat the other major consequence of carbon emissions , ocean acidification .
One scientist at Ms Alterskjaer 's presentation , having heard her outline why it might not work , commented that it was the most depressing thing he had heard in a long time .
And Piers Forster from the UK 's University of Leeds , who is leading a major UK project on geoengineering techniques , suggested more research would be needed before cloud whitening could be considered for `` prime time '' use .
`` The trouble is that clouds are very complicated ; as soon as you start manipulating them in one way , there are a lot of different interactions , '' he said .
`` We need real-world data and we need modelling that tries to simulate clouds on more appropriate scales , and that means less than 100m or so , because if you look at a deck of stratocumulus it 's not one big thing , it has pockets and cells and other features .
`` Far more uncertain is the idea that you 'd inject a particular drop size , because it wo n't stay that size for long - it will spread out , and that would be uncertain . ''
Professor Salter , too , believes more research needs to be done , including building a prototype injector ship and studying how it works in practice .
Interviewed by the BBC late last year , he said that such research was urgently needed because there was little sign of real cuts being made in the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
Astronomers , using data from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , have predicted with certainty the titanic collision of our Milky Way galaxy with the neighboring Andromeda .
The Milky Way is destined to get a major makeover during the encounter , which is predicted to happen 4 billion years from now . It is likely the Sun will be flung into a new region of our galaxy , but our Earth and solar system are in no danger of being destroyed .
“ Our findings are statistically consistent with a head-on collision between the Andromeda galaxy and our Milky Way galaxy , ” said Dr Roeland van der Marel of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , co-author of three papers that will appear in an upcoming issue of the Astrophysical Journal ( paper1 , paper2 and paper3 ) .
The solution came through Hubble measurements of the motion of Andromeda galaxy , known as M31 . The galaxy is now 2.5 million light-years away , but it is inexorably falling toward the Milky Way under the mutual pull of gravity between the two galaxies and the invisible dark matter that surrounds them both .
“ After nearly a century of speculation about the future destiny of Andromeda and our Milky Way , we at last have a clear picture of how events will unfold over the coming billions of years , ” said Sangmo Tony Sohn of STScI .
The scenario is like a baseball batter watching an oncoming fastball . Although Andromeda is approaching us more than two thousand times faster , it will take 4 billion years before the strike .
Computer simulations derived from Hubble 's data show that it will take an additional two billion years after the encounter for the interacting galaxies to completely merge under the tug of gravity and reshape into a single elliptical galaxy similar to the kind commonly seen in the local universe .
Although the galaxies will plow into each other , stars inside each galaxy are so far apart that they will not collide with other stars during the encounter . However , the stars will be thrown into different orbits around the new galactic center . Simulations show that our Solar system will probably be tossed much farther from the galactic core than it is today .
The findings also show that M31′s small companion , the Triangulum galaxy , M33 , will join in the collision and perhaps later merge with the M31/Milky Way pair . There is a small chance that M33 will hit the Milky Way first .
“ In the worst-case-scenario simulation , M31 slams into the Milky Way head-on and the stars are all scattered into different orbits , ” said Dr Gurtina Besla of Columbia University in New York . “ The stellar populations of both galaxies are jostled , and the Milky Way loses its flattened pancake shape with most of the stars on nearly circular orbits . The galaxies ' cores merge , and the stars settle into randomized orbits to create an elliptical-shaped galaxy . ”
_______
Bibliographic information :
Sangmo Tony Sohn , Jay Anderson , Roeland P. van der Marel . 2012 . The M31 Velocity Vector . I. Hubble Space Telescope Proper Motion Measurements . To be published in ApJ . arXiv:1205.6863
Roeland P. van der Marel , Mark Fardal , Gurtina Besla , Rachael L. Beaton , Sangmo Tony Sohn , Jay Anderson , Tom Brown , Puragra Guhathakurta . 2012 . The M31 Velocity Vector . II . Radial Orbit Towards the Milky Way and Implied Local Group Mass . To be published in ApJ . ArXiv:1205.6864
Roeland P. van der Marel , Gurtina Besla , T.J. Cox , Sangmo Tony Sohn , Jay Anderson . 2012 . The M31 Velocity Vector . III . Future Milky Way-M31-M33 Orbital Evolution , Merging , and Fate of the Sun . To be published in ApJ . ArXiv:1205.6865
The infamous `` hole in the ozone layer '' may be en route to recovery . MIT News reported that a team led by MIT climatologist Susan Solomon said that they have detected `` the first fingerprints of healing '' in the depleted ozone region over Antarctica .
In a paper submitted to the journal Science , Solomon 's team shared their discovery that the September ozone hole has gotten smaller by over 1.5 million square miles ( about 3.88 million sq . km ) since the peak of depletion in 2000 . The scientists expected the ozone replenishment to continue , and predicted that the ozone hole will have recovered permanently by mid-century , unless future volcanic eruptions come to disrupt the healing process .
Climate scientists have typically used the October measurement of the total ozone value as the benchmark in their studies . While ozone loss was first detected in the 1950s , the noteworthy finding came in the '80s when a landmark British Antarctic survey released results which showed that the October total ozone value was decreasing .
October is the time of the year when the ozone hole reachest its fullest extent . Solomon 's team decided against using the October benchmark because measurements taken during that month could be significantly influenced by various meteorological conditions .
`` September is a better time to look because chlorine chemistry is firmly in control of the rate at which the hole forms at that time of year , '' Solomon informed MIT News .
Chlorine originating from chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) triggers chemical reactions that lead to the destruction of the ozone layer . The Montreal Protocol , signed by most of the world 's nations in 1987 , sought to curb human production of CFCs in a global effort to restore the ozone layer .
Solomon 's team engineered a simulation that could issue predictions of total ozone value based on yearly estimates of the amount of chlorine in the atmosphere , EarthSky.org reported . The team , finding that the hole in the ozone had shrunk compared to its size in 2000 , also saw that this drop matched the simulation 's prediction . This gave them the confidence to support its prediction of the eventual restoration of the ozone layer .
In a dramatic declaration punctuated by dire threats and warnings , the Vatican is urging the world to “ decarbonize the energy system as early as possible and no later than mid-century ” to avoid irreversible damage to humans and ecosystems .
In its newly released “ Final Declaration : Our Planet , Our Health , Our Responsibility ” from a November workshop on climate change , air pollution and health , the Pontifical Academy of Sciences warns that “ there is less than a decade ” to put in place a series of sweeping measures to counteract the effects of human-induced climate change . “ The time to act is now , ” it reads .
Surprisingly for a statement coming from an academy of “ science , ” the document is riddled with unscientific assertions in a bizarre mix of political ideology and apocalyptic hyperbole .
“ With unchecked climate change and air pollution , the very fabric of life on Earth , including that of humans , is at grave risk , ” the text begins . “ We propose scalable solutions to avoid such catastrophic changes . There is less than a decade to put these solutions in place to preserve our quality of life for generations to come . ”
In what can only be termed an attempt to generate mass hysteria , the statement envisions a dark scenario not unlike those depicted by past doomsday fads such as the supposed population explosion and catastrophic oil shortages of the 1970s .
“ With accelerating climate change , we put ourselves at grave risk of massive crop failures , new and re-emerging infectious diseases , heat extremes , droughts , mega-storms , floods and sharply rising sea levels , ” the text reads .
Of course , no declaration of this kind would be complete without an indictment of capitalism and an assertion of the profound guilt of the wealthier nations for causing such a deplorable state of affairs .
“ The poorest of the planet , who are still relying on 19th century technologies to meet basic needs such as cooking and heating , are bearing a heavy brunt of the damages caused by the economic activities of the rich , ” the document alleges .
There is of course no mention of the fact that access to cheap abundant fossil fuels is exactly what allowed modern nations to emerge from the deep poverty in which the vast majority of the world lived for centuries . Nor is there any mention of the fact that with economic development comes a cleaner environment , as history attests .
In an Orwellian exercise in doublespeak , the authors of the text , including well-known proponents of abortion and population control like the UN 's Jeffrey Sachs , make an attempt to conflate the bogeyman of extreme anthropogenic global warming with the very real problem of environmental pollution .
As Breitbart News reported in October , environmental pollution—particularly air pollution—is responsible for millions of deaths each year , while “ climate change ” is responsible for none . For all intents and purposes , the two phenomena are unrelated , since the scourge of air pollution relates to the presence of dangerous fine particulate matter in the air while global warming propaganda focuses on carbon dioxide emissions .
Human exposure to fine particulate matter increases the risk of acute lower respiratory infection , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , heart disease , stroke and lung cancer , while exposure to carbon dioxide—a colorless , odorless , non-toxic gas—produces none of these effects and is in fact essential for life on earth .
“ Climate change caused by fossil fuels and other human activities poses an existential threat to Homo sapiens and contributes to mass extinction of species , ” the Vatican text states . “ In addition , air pollution caused by the same activities is a major cause of premature death globally . ”
While the second part of this statement is true , the first part is not .
First-world nations like the United States have learned to control pollution through ever cleaner and more efficient energy production using fossil fuels and alternative energy sources . As a result , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has reported that the air in the U.S. is among the cleanest of any nation on the planet .
In the most recent WHO reports on air pollution , the United States was listed as one of the countries with the cleanest air in the world , significantly cleaner in fact than the air in Germany , Italy , Switzerland , the UK , Japan , Austria and France .
Countries like China and the Central African Republic , on the other hand , have a level of air pollution seven times worse than that of the United States , while India 's is eight times as bad and Egypt 's is more than twelve times as bad .
Undaunted by these facts , the authors of the Vatican text propose “ moving rapidly to a zero-carbon energy system – replacing coal , oil and gas with wind , solar , geothermal and other zero-carbon energy sources , drastically reducing emissions of all other climate altering pollutants and by adopting sustainable land use practices . ”
By doing so , “ humanity can prevent catastrophic climate change , while cutting the huge disease burden caused by air pollution and climate change , ” they insist .
Yet in point of fact , most first-world nations have already achieved remarkably low levels of pollution without switching to inefficient alternative energy sources .
As researcher Mario Loyola pointed out in his groundbreaking 2016 essay titled “ The Twilight of the Climate Change Movement , ” little international attention is being paid to the real health risks faced by many nations , “ for the simple reason that they do n't fit snugly into the environmentalists ' essentially anti-industrial agenda . ”
“ Man-made climate change , on the other hand , is the perfect vehicle for advancing that agenda , ” he noted . “ Dealing with it requires choking off fossil fuels , a top-down reorganization of economic activity , and income redistribution . ”
In other words , there are ideological and political interests that make CO2 reduction extremely attractive , while real dangers are ignored .
If alarmists were really interested in protecting humans against climate change , he added , “ they would be helping Bangladesh adapt to monsoon floods and thereby avoid thousands of deaths every few years , instead of insisting on green energy boondoggles that will never save a soul there or anywhere else . ”
The real shame is that the Vatican is lending itself to advance such a base and ideologically driven agenda .
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @ tdwilliamsrome
NEW YORK , NY ( Thursday , April 23 , 2015 ) – Major League Soccer continues to be a frontrunner in the field of diversity in its landmark 20th season , boasting the most diverse group of athletes among the five major team sports leagues based in the U.S. as determined by birthplace . As of April 23 , a total of 58 countries are represented in the League from its current pool of 551 players .
Nearly half of the players in MLS were born outside of the U.S. and Canada – a total of 236 players hailing from Central America , South America , Africa , Europe , Asia , Australia and the Caribbean . Argentina and England claim the most MLS representation , providing the League with 22 players each . Standouts include Argentine maestros Javier Morales ( RSL ) , Diego Valeri ( POR ) , Ignacio Piatti ( MTL ) and English stalwarts Bradley Wright-Phillips ( NYRB ) , Dom Dwyer ( SKC ) and Liam Ridgewell ( POR ) . The two countries are followed by Brazil ( 19 ) , Jamaica ( 18 ) , France ( 15 ) and Colombia ( 14 ) in contributing the greatest number of players .
MLS is also comprised of a wealth of domestic talent with the majority of its players born in the United States and Canada – a total of 315 players , spanning 41 states and provinces . The states that claim the most representation this year is California ( 59 ) , Texas ( 27 ) and Ohio ( 20 ) . Ontario leads MLS player numbers in Canada with 13 . Last year , a total of 17 current and former MLS players ( 15 of whom were born in the U.S. ) were named to the U.S. Men 's National Team roster for the 2014 FIFA World Cup that was held in Brazil .
This summer , MLS will look to send a record-breaking number of players to the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament that kicks off on July 7 in Dallas , Texas . In 2013 , MLS had 32 players named to Gold Cup rosters , tying the MLS record first set in 2011 .
MLS Player Maps
MLS Player Lists
The primary transfer window , in which MLS clubs may acquire players under contract in other countries , closes May 12 with the secondary window re-opening from July 8-August 6. Notable players who are already set to come to MLS this summer are English icons Frank Lampard ( NYCFC ) and Steven Gerrard ( LA Galaxy ) and Mexican star Erick “ Cubo ” Torres ( Houston Dynamo ) . Distinguished players that have recently joined the league include Sebastian Giovinco ( Toronto FC ) , Jozy Altidore ( Toronto FC ) , Kaká ( Orlando City SC ) , Brek Shea ( Orlando City SC ) , David Villa ( NYCFC ) , Mix Diskerud ( NYCFC ) and Shaun Maloney ( Chicago Fire ) .
League ( year ) Total # of Players Players Born Abroad ( % born outside U.S.A. & Canada ) Countries Represented ( incl . U.S.A. & Canada ) MLS ( 2015 ) 551 236 ( 42.8 % ) 58 NBA ( 2014-2015 ) 443 87 ( 19.6 % ) 41 NHL ( 2014-2015 ) 754 199 ( 26.4 % ) 23 MLB ( 2014 ) 1048 278 ( 26.5 % ) 21 NFL ( 2014 ) 2046 57 ( 2.8 % ) 30
Courtesy of the Elias Sports Bureau
* Leagues in season include all players on current rosters .
* Leagues out of season include players on rosters when the season ended .
All subjects Accounting Aerospace Studies Art Astronomy Bassoon Bible Biblical Counseling Biblical & Systematic Theology Biology Bridge to English Business Administration Cello Chemistry Childcare Chinese Church History Church Ministries Church Music Cinema Civil Engineering Clarinet Communication Disorders Communication Studies Computer Science Conducting Creative Writing Criminal Justice Cross-Cultural Service Culinary Arts Double Bass Economics , Social Studies Educational Leadership Electronics Engineering English Ensemble Euphonium Exercise & Sport Science Fashion Design Finance Fine Arts Flute Foods & Nutrition French General Science German Graphic Design Greek , New Testament Guitar Harp Health Sciences History Homiletics Homiletics Studies Horn Humanities Interdisciplinary Studies Interior Architecture & Design Linguistics Marketing Mathematics Mechanical Military Science Ministries Music Education Music History and Literature Music Technology Music Theory New Testament Interpretation Nursing Oboe Old Testament Interpretation Organ Percussion Philosophy Photography Physics Piano Piano Pedagogy Political Science , Social Studies Professional Education Professional Ministry Psychology RN to BSN Completion Saxophone Sociology , Social Studies Spanish Special Education String Pedagogy Technoloy Theatre Arts Trombone Trumpet Tuba University Viola Violin Voice Woodwind Pedagogy
The international media and Facebook pages are full of bravada photo reports about “ those damned Russians caught red-handed “ . Meanwhile any unbiased and informed observer would raise a number of hard questions to the organizers of this scrap show . Let 's walk through Kiev 's St.Mikhail square together .
Item # 1 . Soviet-made Tank T-64 BV
Well , the T-64 BV is a modification of famous first-generation Soviet battle tank T-64 equiped with explosive reactive armour “ Contact-1″ . This modification was invented and produced in 1985-1987 at the Kharkov construction bureau & machinery plant ( currently Ukraine ) . The last training T-64s were completely removed from the operational use of the Russian army by 2011 ( replaced in active service by T-72 in early 1990s ) , while according to IISS 's The Military Balance 2013 report , around 1750 T-64s of all modifications are still in active service of the Ukrainian military . Here is a sample of proud Ukrainian video reporting about it dated 2010 :
There are also a number of T-64 BVs tuned up by Ukraine 's Malyshev factory and produced under the brand T-64 BM “ Bulat ” since 2005 .
Several Ukrainian army 's T-64BVs were captured by the insurgents in Lugansk during the summer 2014 campaign :
This one was lost by the Ukrainian army on June 17 , 2014 near the town of Metallist . You can see a distinctive UAF white mark on the front wing of the tank .
A screenshot of another tank captured by the insurgents last summer . Here you can see the mark of 24th “ Iron ” brigade of the UAF on its tower .
So even in case the exposed tank was indeed taken by the UAF from insurgents , that absolutely does not signify its Russian origin . But most likely that is an ordinary Ukrainian item out of service taken from a tank overhaul depot near Kharkov .
To complete the picture , we are embeding a video showing modern T-92 tank currently in service of the Russian Army :
Item # 2 . Soviet-made BM-21 “ Grad ”
BM-21 “ Grad ” is the legendary Soviet truck-mounted 122 mm multiple rocket launcher , developed in early 1960s . It was produced till 1988 and as to 1995 , there were more than 2000 launchers in active service of 50+ countries , including Ukraine ( 315 units in 2012 ) . The Ukrainian Grads were used against civilian population of Donbass since last summer :
Ukrainian Grads are firing at Snezhnoe ( Donetsk region ) on July 15 , 2014 causing at least 10 casualties among civilians . Video footage of the destructions is presented here .
Many of these units were later captured by the insurgents and used against Ukrainian forces in the zone of ATO :
Video taken near Ambrovievka ( Donetsk region ) on Sept 1 , 2014 after Ukrainian troops fled the area . Recovered trophies is the main source of insurgent 's military hardware .
And now what does the Russian Army actually have in service :
Item # 3 . Soviet-made BTR-80
BTR-80 , the wheeled amphibious armoured personnel carrier ( APC ) designed in the USSR and adopted in 1988 . The APC has dozens of modifications including some developed in Ukraine in the post-Soviet period ( i.e . BTR-3 ) and even in Hungary ( compliant with the NATO standards ) . It is currently on service in the armies of 40 states including the USA ( two APC BTR-80 were exported from Ukraine in 2011 ) . Before the civil conflict in Ukraine , there were around 400 BTR-80 APCs in service in the UAF .
This piece of old scrap was recaptured by the Ukrainian military near Peski ( Donetsk area ) , where the insurgent 's offensive failed in mid-January 2015 . At that time MIGNEWS has published a photo report exposing the same APC :
As you see , at that moment the APC was equipped with wheels etc. , but arrived to exhibition in Kiev totally dismantled . So it seems that those 8 wheels were exactly what the UAF were lacking for total peremoga ( victory ) .
Item # 4 . ZIL-131 Mobile Command Unit of the KUNG-type
Please take note of the Soviet quality mark on board which means that this vehicle was made in the USSR .
The military truck ZIL-131 was introduced in 1966 and used by the Soviet Army with a variety of modules . This exact sample is the so-called Mobile Command Unit . There were certainly a lot of such vehicles left in Ukraine after the collapse of USSR .
The Russian Army currently use a bit of different type of trucks , which should look something like that :
A modern Russian Ural 63099 army truck
Item # 5 . Daewoo Nexia
The gas inside the tank is definitely Russian .
Well , this is the most surprising item . A burnt Daewoo Nexia assembled in Uzbekistan . Not a single car of this model is or has ever been in service in the Russian army . Most likely that is one of the civilian cars ruthlessly gunned down by the Ukrainian military on the road to Russia last summer :
In early August 2014 the Ukrainian troops were firing and burning every car leaving Donetsk in direction to the Russian border . One of the victims was the Russian journalist Andrey Stenin .
A refugee family of three gunned down by the UAF in the car near Gorlovka , Donetsk region .
One more victim car .
Item # 6 . UAV Granat-4
Ok , this is a serious weapon indeed . A “ brand new ” unmanned aereal vehicle “ Granat-4″ is actually in service of the Russian army . It is normally used for tactical reconnaissance within the range 100 km . The device presented in Kiev was produced in 2009 and downed by the UAF on Nov. 29 , 2014 near Shchastie ( Lugansk region ) , 30 km off the Russian border . Frankly we do not see any problem that the Russain military is closely monitoring a conflict in the vicinity of its borders . Anyway , the range of this UAV has allowed the Russians to operate it from the Russian territory .
Item # 7 . Dragunov sniper rifle
Now , another ancient sample : Dragunov Sniper Rifle ( SVD ) , modelled in Soviet Union in 1963 , is a semi-automatic rifle chambered in 7.62×54mmR . The rifle is still in service in Russia and 30+ other countries , including all post-Soviet states , Poland , Romania , Czech Republic , Bulgaria , Turkey , India , China etc . Below is the photo of a Ukrainian marine with SVD in hands during the exercise held in 2003 on the western coast of Scotland .
Item # 8 . Personal belongings
What do we see here ? A handful of cossack 's chevrons ( of the Lugansk and All-Don cossack districts , unofficial paramilitary units based in both Russia and Ukraine ) , which are easily available in every market in Southern Russia . Cossack credentials ( documents of the same sort , which are not officially accepted in Russia as valid for personal identification ) . 1 passport cover ( on sale in any metro station in Moscow ) . Moreover , Russian servicemen do not have passports on hands . 1 military service card ( any male Russian citizen liable to military service has such document regardless of his age ) . 1 driving licence issued in Moscow in 2010 , name undisclosed ( any Ukrainian who had a working permit in Russia could obtain it ) . And finally the jewel , the most imputing evidence – a token of the Federal Tax Police Service of the Russian Federation . Of course that means that all former officers of that service , dissolved in 2003 , are sent to fight the Ukrainian army in the East with the old tokens in pockets !
Ok , the conclusion of this grotesque exhibition in Kiev is simple : the incumbent Ukrainian authorities do not have a single serious evidence proving thier hysterical claims about “ the Russian aggression in Ukraine ” . Both their internal and external policies are false and based on deliberate lies and erroneous presumptions . Being unable to change the bellicose rhytoric , president Poroshenko 's regime is rapidly sliding into total collapse .
KDE e.V . and GNOME Foundation to Co-Host 2011 Desktop Summit in Berlin
GNOME and KDE are teaming up again to host the 2011 Desktop Summit in Berlin , Germany . Due to the success of the 2009 Desktop Summit the projects will co-locate GUADEC and Akademy once again in August , 2011 for the largest free software desktop event ever .
The 2009 Desktop Summit was a fantastic opportunity for the leaders of the free software desktop community to share talks , address common issues , and build relationships between the communities with combined social events .
The 2011 Desktop Summit will build on the first Summit 's success . More than 1,000 contributors from more than 50 countries are expected to attend the 2011 event in Berlin . In addition to members of the GNOME and KDE development community , the conference will also attract many participants in the overall FLOSS community from local projects , organizations , and companies .
`` We are looking forward to the Desktop Summit . GUADEC is our community 's opportunity to meet in person and we are glad to be able to have our KDE colleagues as part of our conversations and our celebrations . '' says Stormy Peters , Executive Director of the GNOME Foundation . `` Berlin is a great city with a very strong free software community . C-base , KDE and GNOME will make a great team ! ''
Berlin was one of several locations proposed for the Desktop Summit in 2011 . It was chosen due to the excellent facilities at the conference site , the strong presence of KDE and GNOME communities in the area , the strength of the organizing team , and an easily accessible site for those travelling to the Desktop Summit . Both communities are very excited about holding the Desktop Summit 2011 in Berlin !
`` Berlin is a fantastic city with strong ties to both the KDE and GNOME communities as well as free software in general , '' says Cornelius Schumacher , President of KDE e.V . `` The KDE community is excited to meet again with the GNOME community to hold the second Desktop Summit there . This is going to be one of the main free software events of the year 2011 . ''
The Berlin team consists of Claudia Rauch of KDE e.V. , Caspar Clemens Mierau of Ubuntu and c-base , and Mirko Boehm of KDE , and is strongly supported by the city of Berlin . With their ties into both the Gnome and KDE communities , the team well represents the idea of a joint Desktop Summit .
`` We are honored and proud that our proposal was selected . What we look forward to the most is the inspiration our communities will draw from having the Desktop Summit together again , but also from visiting our bustling , welcoming city . We would like to thank all the supporters of the proposal , and will work hard to make the conference a big success . '' says Mirko Boehm .
About KDE and KDE e.V .
KDE is an international community that creates Free Software for desktop and portable computing . Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development . KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind . KDE4 's full-featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and Mac OS X .
KDE e.V . is the organization that supports the growth of the KDE community . Its mission statement -- to promote and distribute Free Desktop software -- is provided through legal , financial and organizational support for the KDE community . KDE e.V . organizes the yearly KDE World Summit `` Akademy , '' along with numerous smaller-scale development meetings .
More information about KDE and the KDE e.V . can be found at www.kde.org and ev.kde.org .
About GNOME and the GNOME Foundation
GNOME is a free-software project whose goal is to develop a complete , accessible and easy to use desktop for Linux and Unix-based operating systems . GNOME also includes a complete development environment to create new applications . It is released twice a year on a regular schedule .
The GNOME desktop is used by millions of people around the world . GNOME is a standard part of all leading GNU/Linux and Unix distributions , and is popular with both large existing corporate deployments and millions of small business and home users worldwide .
Composed of hundreds of volunteer developers and industry-leading companies , the GNOME Foundation is an organization committed to supporting the advancement of GNOME . The Foundation is a member directed , non-profit organization that provides financial , organizational and legal support to the GNOME project and helps determine its vision and roadmap .
More information about GNOME and the GNOME Foundation can be found at www.gnome.org and foundation.gnome.org .
This just in : CNN is a disgrace . It 's worse than even I thought .
On a recent Saturday afternoon , on the broadcast , “ CNN Newsroom ” the anchors were talking about the demonstrations that followed the deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri and Eric Garner on Staten Island , New York .
After showing video of demonstrations in New York and Washington , CNN commentator Sally Kohn said , “ We want you to know that our hearts are out there marching with them. ” Okay , no one is confusing Sally Kohn with an unbiased journalist – or any kind of journalist , for that matter . She 's an uber left wing commentator who predictably says uber left wing things .
But after Ms. Kohn said what she said , two other women at the anchor desk raised their hands in the air , a sympathetic gesture to demonstrators who put their hands up and chant , “ Hands up , do n't shoot. ” A third anchor held up a piece of paper with the words , “ I ca n't breathe ” hand written across the page – a reference to the words uttered by Eric Garner on Staten Island after being brought down by a police officer who oddly was n't indicted , despite the fact that Mr. Garner died shortly thereafter .
Here 's why this matters : “ CNN Newsroom ” is supposed to be a straight news broadcast – not an opinion show . At the risk of sharing too much “ inside baseball ” let me explain :
You ca n't put an opinion show on the air under the name of hard news broadcast . It 's against the rules . But the cable network has a problem . If you could bottle CNN you 'd have a cure for insomnia . So Jeff Zucker , who runs the network , is trying to spice things up . And so he puts four women around a desk – several of whom are n't bad looking – and tells them to spout off . I get it . But you ca n't do that under the banner of hard news broadcast . Credibility and trust matter in news , as hopelessly naive as that sounds .
What CNN is doing is attempting a lame rip-off of the Fox show “ Outnumbered , ” where four ( truly ) hot women – and a different guy each day – throw around their opinions on the news of the day while showing a lot of leg .
But “ Outnumbered ” is clearly an opinion show . Around the CNN water cooler they 're calling the network 's Saturday afternoon 's poor imitation of “ Outnumbered ” … “ Hot Talkers ” – even though only a few of the anchorettes ( I did that to be needlessly provocative ) are only semi-hot ( yes , more needless provocation ) .
CNN needs to decide what kind of show it wants . If they want to turn “ CNN Newsroom ” into an opinion show to boost their ratings , fine . But a news organization ca n't pretend to be straight news and then have its anchors raise their hands in sympathy with the protestors .
So here 's an idea for CNN : Until you figure out what you want to be , stop lecturing us about how you 're the news organization that 's down the middle ; that we can count on you for unbiased news that is n't driven by ideology . Sanctimony , when it becomes funny , does n't work .
As a friend put it in an email to me : They do n't even pretend anymore .
As I said , it 's worse than even I thought .
The past week has seen a dramatic increase in tension in the Korean Peninsula as hostile rhetoric continues to issue from both sides of the DMZ . In the west , reactions have been mixed , with the media alternatively portraying the situation as being on par with the Cuban Missile Crisis and simultaneously pointing out the primitiveness of North Korea 's military .
For the most part it seems the average American 's mood to all this is one of bravado . I ca n't count the number of comments and pictures I 've seen over the past few days declaring what will happen “ If North Korea attacks . ”
Things like this :
What strikes me most is how lightly everyone comments on these pictures took them . Jokes were made , slogans were shouted , and not once did I hear anyone actually discuss the full implications of yet another war . The North Korean dictators have been depicted over the years as being insane despots of cartoonish proportions- perhaps this sheds some light on the casual tone so many seem to be taking when discussing the possibility of bombing a nation out of existence . North Korea is not simply some fantasy land comprised entirely of goose-stepping soldiers and a crazy tyrant . It 's simply been depicted that way for so long that we simply ca n't comprehend any other way of responding to it .
But war does not look like this :
It looks like this :
It looks like this :
It looks like this :
And this :
And this :
This is the true image of war . It is not clean , it is not quick . It is not great or glorious . Even Dwight D. Eisenhower , leader of the allied forces in WWII and president of the US , understood this simple truth , declaring :
“ Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired , signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and are not clothed . The world in arms is not spending money alone . It is spending the sweat of its laborers , the genius of its scientists , the hopes of its children . ”
And we are not strangers to this fact .
I am 22 years old , and for more than half of my life , the US has been fighting the longest war in it 's already bloody history . I was 11 when the US invaded Afghanistan . Over a decade later , my generation can fight in a war most of us were too young to remember the beginning of .
And now , at the prospect of yet another war , we 're somehow drooling- you 'd think hundreds of thousands of dead just might sate our appetite for war .
What makes it all worse is that we 've seen it all before .
The media insisting that a flamboyant dictator known for grandiose claims and threats…
…who rules a nation still on dial-up…
…somehow also has weapons of mass destruction…
…Which he intends to use unless we strike first…
One of the few points of pride I 've claimed about my generation is that unlike our parents , we do n't scare . We 're not willing to throw our money and our soldiers to the flames simply because some oily politician tells us the big bad terrorist bogeymen will get us if we do n't . I 've said that we 've been there . That we wo n't be fooled again .
I 'd like to be able to keep saying that .
Please .
Please .
Do n't make us have to go through this all again .
Desired State Configuration is a great way to configure your servers quickly and keep them in compliance with those configurations to maintain consistency . As you go deeper down the rabbit hole , however , you can find that managing those configurations themselves can be a little daunting . The more you add to a configuration , that larger it gets and the harder it is to find things in there when you need to make changes .
One way to handle these large configuration files is to break them up into Composite Resources . DSC only allows one configuration per node . Composite Resources are a way for you to modularize your configurations into separate modules so you can re-use your common configurations in different places . For example , you can create a composite resource that only contains your Web-Server roles and features and another composite resource that contains just your OS lockdown settings . Then you only need to reference these composites when building your configurations without having to copy and paste everything .
For example , a sample configuration could look like this :
Configuration Sample_Configuration { Import-DscResource -Module xWebAdministration Node $ AllNodes.NodeName { WindowsFeature WebServer { Name = `` Web-Server '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature WebWindowsAuth { Name = `` Web-Windows-Auth '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature WebMgmtConsole { Name = `` Web-Mgmt-Console '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-App-Dev { Name = `` Web-App-Dev '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Mgmt-Tools { Name = `` Web-Mgmt-Tools '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Security { Name = `` Web-Security '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Stat-Compression { Name = `` Web-Stat-Compression '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-WebServer { Name = `` Web-WebServer '' Ensure = `` Present '' } File LOG_Directory { Ensure = `` Present '' Type = `` Directory '' DestinationPath = `` C : \Logs '' } xWebsite DefaultSite { Ensure = `` Present '' Name = `` Default Web Site '' State = `` Stopped '' PhysicalPath = $ Node.DefaultWebSitePath DependsOn = `` [ WindowsFeature ] WebServer '' } Registry SomeRegKeyChange { Ensure = `` Present '' # You can also set Ensure to `` Absent '' Key = `` HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\SomeRegKey '' ValueName = `` RegValueName '' ValueType = `` ExpandString '' ValueData = `` RegValue '' } } }
Our current configurations contain a lot more settings than this . I 'll just be using this small example top make things easier .
If your web server settings are pretty consistent throughout your organization , it might make sense for you to break out the Web-Server windows features into a separate composite configuration to be re-used for other servers . You can even go a step further and break out the rest of the settings into another composite resource to keep things clean and re-usable . A configuration which uses composite resources would look something like this :
Configuration Sample_Configuration { Import-DscResource -ModuleName WebServerConfig Import-DscResource -ModuleName OtherSettings Node $ AllNodes.NodeName { WebServer_WindowsFeatures WindowsFeatures { } OtherSettings GlobalSettings { } } }
The first thing you will notice is the configuration gets cleaned up considerably and it is easier to see everything that is being done at a high level without having to scroll through a long configuration . The next thing you will notice is the composite configurations need to be imported using Import-DscResource . This is very important . When you create your composite resources , they need to be placed in your Modules folder in order to create your MOF file . I 'll go into creating composite resources next .
Creating A Composite Resource
I 'll start off by saying that I am not an expert at this part . Since I started in the middle of this project I have only created a handful of custom resources and always have to go back to lookup how it was done .
First , you need to create a folder in your Modules folder . In this example , I will call name it WebServerConfig . You can use whatever naming convention you feel comfortable with . This will be the name you use when you user Import-DSCResource in your configuration .
Under the WebServerConfig folder , I need to create 2 things . First , a folder called DSCResources . This is required for all composite configurations .
Next , we need to create a module manifest in the WebServerConfig folder . The manifest needs to be named exactly the same as the folder we just created . To do this , run the following command from inside the WebServerConfig folder :
New-ModuleManifest -Path .\WebServerConfig.psd1
The WebServerConfig folder should now look like this :
Next we need to drill into the DSCResources folder . In here , we are going to create another folder and call it WebServer . The reason I did n't give this folder the same name as the module folder we created earlier , was to show you that this is not required . In fact , you could create multiple folders under here to separate your web server settings even more if you need that granular of an option when setting up your configurations .
Next , we need to drill down into the WebServer folder . In that folder , we need to create 2 files . First , we need to create another module manifest . Second , we need to create a file with an extension of .schema.psm1 . Both of these files need to be named exactly the same as the folder they are in ( WebServer ) . Create the WebServer.schema.psm1 file first . Then , to create the module manifest , run the following command from within the WebServer folder :
New-ModuleManifest -Path .\WebServer.psd1 -RootModule .\WebServer.schema.psm1
It is important to remember to use the RootModule parameter this time . This needs to reference the .schema.psm1 file you created .
The contents of the WebServer folder should look like this :
The schema file is where you will put all your DSC configurations . In my example , this file will contain the following code :
Configuration WebServer { WindowsFeature WebServer { Name = `` Web-Server '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature WebWindowsAuth { Name = `` Web-Windows-Auth '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature WebMgmtConsole { Name = `` Web-Mgmt-Console '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-App-Dev { Name = `` Web-App-Dev '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Mgmt-Tools { Name = `` Web-Mgmt-Tools '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Security { Name = `` Web-Security '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-Stat-Compression { Name = `` Web-Stat-Compression '' Ensure = `` Present '' } WindowsFeature Web-WebServer { Name = `` Web-WebServer '' Ensure = `` Present '' } }
To confirm that you did everything correctly and all the files are in the right place , run the Get-DSCResource cmdlet . In this list that gets returned , you should see the composite resource you just created .
Repeat this process for any other Composite Resources you want to create . In my example , I would create another folder under my Modules folder called OtherSettings and repeat all the previous steps . My final configuration file will look like this and I will save it as SampleCompositeDSCConfig.ps1 under C : \DSC\Configs :
Configuration Sample_Configuration { Import-DscResource -ModuleName WebServerConfig Import-DscResource -ModuleName OtherSettings Node $ AllNodes.NodeName { WebServer_WindowsFeatures WindowsFeatures { } OtherSettings GlobalSettings { } } }
Creating Your MOF File
Once all the files are created and your composite resources are in the Modules folder , we are ready to create our MOF file . To do this , I will create another .ps1 file in the c : \DSC\Configs folder called New-Configuration_SampleCompositeDSCConfig.ps1 . You can call this whatever you want .
In this script we will need to load the sample configuration file we just created , create a new GUID ( you can create one by running [ GUID ] : :NewGuid ( ) in the PowerShell console ) to assign to the MOF file so we can place it on the Pull Server , create the actual MOF file , then create a checksum of the MOF file ( This will also need to be placed on the Pull server ) . Here is what it will look like :
Import-Module .\SampleCompositeDSCConfig.ps1 -Force $ guid = `` 268cc112-27c5-4130-bd81-644c64a10991 '' $ configurationData = @ { AllNodes = @ ( @ { NodeName = $ guid } ) } $ outputPath = `` ./SampleCompositeDSCConfig_mof '' Sample_Configuration -ConfigurationData $ configurationData -OutputPath $ outputPath New-DscCheckSum $ outputPath\ $ guid.mof -Force
I like to open up this script in the PowerShell ISE so that I can step through each of the steps to make sure everything is working properly . Make sure that you CD into the directory that contains this script before running anything . Now let 's step through what this script is doing .
First , we use Import-Module to import the configuration file we created ( SampleCompositeDSCConfig.ps1 ) . Then we assign a new GUID to the $ guid variable . We save a generated GUID in this script so that if we make any changes to the configurations , all we have to do is re-run this script to generate a new MOF . To generate a new GUID you can use the following command in the PowerShell console [ GUID ] : :NewGuid ( ) and that will generate a new random GUID for you . Then we store some configuration data in the $ configurationData variable . Here we are storing the GUID as the node name . This is what the MOF file and the checksum file will be named for use on the Pull Server . The $ outputPath variable is the folder where we are going to store the MOF and checksum files . Next , we run the Sample_Configuration that was loaded in the first step , passing in the configuration data and the output path . This will create a new folder in the current directory and as long as we have created all our composite configurations correctly , it will place a MOF file in that directory called { GUID } .mof . Finally , we run the New-DscCheckSum cmdlet on the MOF file we created which will create a file called { GUID } .mof.checksum .
Once we have created our MOF and CheckSum files , those will then need to be placed on the Pull Server . In the future , if any changes are made to any of the configurations , we just need to run the New-Configuration_SampleCompositeDSCConfig.ps1 script to create an updated MOF to put out onto the Pull server .
If you need more information on Pull Servers you can go check out The DSC Book from PowerShell.org . System Center Central also did a series called 100 Days of DevOps with PowerShell which I found very helpful as a good introduction to DSC and setting up a Pull Server .
Once the MOF and Checksum files are on the Pull Server , we have an administrative portal that one of our developers created using a SQL database and Visual Studio LightSwitch that allows us to add servers and assign environments and GUIDs to them . We also have a custom built PowerShell module that has an easy to remember cmdlet which Invokes a DSC build on a server after going out to the SQL database and retrieving the GUID that is assigned to that server . That saves us a lot of time .
As I mentioned earlier , this process was developed prior to my involvement but it has worked pretty well for us so far . The decision was made to modularize our configurations in a similar way to how source code is modularized to promote reuse and to align with the Infrastructure As Code mentality .
There are tools out there like Chef and Puppet which can utilize DSC so we plan on looking into those to see if they would be a good fit as well .
Drawbacks
There are a few drawbacks to using composite configurations that I have found in my experience so far . The first major drawback that we have run into , is there is no ability to use the DependsOn attribute across composite configurations . For example , if you have one composite configuration which installs the Web-Server windows feature and you have another composite configuration which handles your lockdown settings for IIS , you ca n't make any of those lockdown settings depend on the Web-Server role being installed . The MOF file will get created , but the order is n't kept intact and you could get errors if the lockdown settings try to apply before the roles are installed . To get around with this we have opted to create 2 configurations to apply to the servers . First , we have a base configuration which pretty much only installs Windows Roles and Features . After that configuration has finished , we change the GUID to a final configuration in our management too and re-run DSC to set everything else . I have heard that there may be an update for PowerShell 4 that works around this but I have n't looked into that yet . There are also Partial Configurations that were introduced in PowerShell 5.0 , but we have n't explored the new version yet .
Another drawback that I have seen is that with composite configurations , you no longer have a single point of reference of what your configuration is doing . You need to open each configuration to find out what composites it includes then go to a different folder to open those configurations and if you nest them too much , it can get confusing and difficult to keep track of .
It took me a while to catch on to composite resources and I do n't create them too often so I always have to go back to my notes . Writing things out has really seemed to help me to understand our configurations and process a little more and I 'm hoping that this will be a good reference for me in the future .
If you have any input on any of this or ideas , feel free to let me know .
Matt
Advertisements
UK based award-winning independent games studio PuppyGames are currently offering up a triple pack of their retro-styled , addictive arcade games for the insane price of of $ 4.97 – saving you well over $ 50 on the original sale prices !
The catch ? It 's for a ‘ limited time only ' .
Puppy Games specialise in creating ‘ fast , fun and addictive ' games with retro-style graphics and gameplay reminiscent of the best old-school arcade games .
So what does $ 5 get you ? From the PuppyGames website : –
Ultron -Unique retro-futuristic sound and graphics , player responsive difficulty , and a subtle system of tactics combined with classic gameplay make Ultratron a fun and hypnotic arcade blast .
Titan Attacks – Titan Attacks has the same easy-to-learn and addictive gameplay of the classic arcade shoot 'em up , but is packed full of extras – new features , new strategies , and stylish neo-retro visuals .
Droid Assult – Discover a unique tactical arcade shooter , with the fun addictive gameplay of classics like Paradroid and Quazatron
Because I love nothing more than attentionally sounding like a cheesy American infomercial I 'll repeat the price – a super swell $ 4.97/£3.72 .
Better still you can pay via Paypal , credit ordebit card and demo 's are available so you can try before you buy .
MADISON , Wis. - The man who co-founded a Madison-based pizza chain more than four decades ago has died , the company said Wednesday .
Wayne Mosley , co-founder of Rocky Rococo Restaurants , and vice president of First Madco Inc. died in his home on Tuesday , according to a news release . He was 70 years old .
Rocky 's co-founder Roger Brown said the company 's vision and drive came from Mosley .
“ It was Wayne 's dream to create Rocky Rococo Pan Style Pizza restaurants , '' Brown said in the release .
Mosley and Brown met as students at the University of Illinois in 1973 . Mosley was a law student at the time but dreamed of opening a chain of pizzerias featuring pizza by the slice . They opened the first Rocky Rococo Pan Style Pizza location at 411 West Gilman St. in Madison in 1974 .
Within 12 years , the company expanded to more than 120 restaurants across the United States , the company said . In 1988 , Mosley and Brown sold their rights to the company brand to their partners . Mosley continued to operate Rocky Rococo restaurants in Madison , La Crosse and the Wisconsin Dells .
`` Wayne will be remembered for his off the wall ad campaigns , his deep devotion to the brand , and his affection for his customers . `` , Brown said .
Budget operators were the airlines that made the most out of July 's record air traffic levels at Spanish airports .
More than 23 million passengers passed through the country 's air hubs last month – the highest July figure on record – and more than half of them used low-cost carriers to do so , according to a study released on Monday .
Figures show that , last month , 50.7 % of air passengers in Spain flew on budget airlines , which registered a 7.9 % increase in traffic compared with July 2014 .
Together Ryanair , EasyJet and Vueling transported 34 % of all international passengers in July
Traditional airlines also saw an increase , but a more modest one : 2.7 % compared with the same period last year .
Together three budget operators – Ryanair , EasyJet and Vueling – transported 34 % of all international passengers in July , and 66 % of those who used low-cost airlines .
“ The three companies have shown a growing development , with Vueling standing out among them for another month , ” said the survey compiled by the Institute of Tourism Studies .
In the first seven months of this year , no-frills airlines have flown around 20.16 million passengers in Spain – 9.7 % more than over the same period last year – and captured 49.4 % of all air traffic .
The bigger airline companies also saw “ much more moderate increases ” in passengers between January and July with a 1.6 % rise in traffic .
Britons were the biggest group of foreign nationals to arrive in Spain with low-cost carriers . Nevertheless , there were increases in the number of travelers from other countries such as France ( a 22.4 % rise ) , Italy ( 17.4 % ) , Ireland ( 12.9 % ) and Belgium ( 6.8 % ) in July .
By region , Madrid received the most visitors on budget airlines ( a 37 % rise from last year ) followed by Catalonia ( 9.3 % ) and Valencia ( 6.9 % ) .
Low-cost operators have dominated the Spanish air traffic landscape for years . Ryanair is the airline that carries the most passengers in Spain – in July alone it transported 3.32 million travelers , 4.1 % more than the year before – followed by Vueling ( 2.47 million passengers last month ) and EasyJet ( 1.82 million ) .
The Canada Border Services Agency says it has seized seven kilograms of suspected cocaine from the bottom of food trolleys on an airplane .
The agency says it made the discovery earlier this month while carrying out a routine inspection of an aircraft landing at Toronto 's Pearson International Airport .
It says officers noticed something unusual about the catering trolleys on board and examined them more closely .
Officers eventually found seven brick-shaped packages on the bottom of the food carts that contained white powder wrapped in plastic .
The agency says the packages were taken to a lab where they tested positive for suspected cocaine .
The agency did not release details on where the packages originated from or if charges are pending .
Related stories :
37 kilos of opium disguised as coffee seized at Pearson airport : CBSA
London , Ont. , man arrested for allegedly importing fentanyl
Richard Daniel Wolfe , one of the founders of the notorious street gang Indian Posse , died Friday after being found in need of medical attention at the Prince Albert Penitentiary where he was serving time , according to prison officials .
No cause of death was provided .
The Correctional Service of Canada released a statement Saturday in which they said Wolfe , 40 , was in the exercise area of the prison when it became apparent he needed help .
It was not clear if Wolfe had suffered an injury at the hands of others .
The statement said Wolf was taken to Victoria Hospital in Prince Albert where he was pronounced dead at approximately 10:40 p.m. CST Friday .
Wolfe was sentenced in January for committing a violent sexual assault in Fort Qu'Appelle , Sask. , in 2014 . Wolfe was on parole at the time of the offence , having served part of a lengthy sentence for attempted murder .
Investigations launched
Officials said various authorities have been notified of Wolfe 's death , including police and the provincial coroner 's office .
The corrections service will also , in accordance with its policies , be reviewing the circumstances of his death .
Troubled background
When Wolfe was sentenced for the 2014 sexual assault , the court noted he had a lengthy criminal record which included many violent incidents . The court also took note of his deeply troubled upbringing .
`` Richard and his younger brother , Daniel , were unsupervised as children , '' the judge said in the sentencing decision .
`` They lived in poverty with little to eat . Richard and Daniel soon learned to steal vegetables from gardens and food from dumpsters simply to survive . Richard first began using drugs at the age of 10 or 11 , and by the age of 11 , he had begun consuming alcohol . ''
Daniel Richard Wolfe , younger brother of Richard Daniel Wolfe , died in a prison stabbing in 2010 . ( Submitted to CBC )
Daniel Richard Wolfe — also well known to the criminal justice system — died in custody in 2010 , at 33 , in what authorities described as a prison fight .
The two brothers were among seven founding members of the Indian Posse gang . It was noted that Richard eventually disassociated himself from the gang in 2000 .
Attempted murder conviction
In 1996 , Richard Daniel Wolfe was sentenced to 19 years in prison for the 1995 attempted murder of a Winnipeg pizza delivery driver who was shot in the chest .
The conservative blogosphere thinks of itself as the zone of true believers ( do n't we all ) , a ragtag crew ranged against the hated RINO , against Washington , the moderate squish , and Babylon beyond . At first glance it would appear that this spat of Derbyshire ( and his defenders ) vs. the NR editoriat follows that pattern . I do n't think this is correct , exactly .
I think there is a different kind of cleavage happening here ; it 's not a continuum of right vs. center , of the-real-thing vs those-who-compromise . When it comes down to it I think we 're looking at a genuine ideological disagreement . Derbyshire , for NR , was always a representative of a different kind of conservative , not just “ more than ” but different from average American Republicanism . “ Derb ” held a different set of ideas that are both Jacobite-ancient and internet-au-courant .
As in all things the borders are fluid , but let me sketch out two camps : one is Americanist . This is the basic National Review position , the average Republican position , the average sentiment of the red American . It 's conservative , but still sees itself as fighting for and working within the bounds of America 's founding mythology : “ We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , ” you know the rest .
Derbyshire was n't ever on that team . His atheism ought to have been the tip-off . He played in a different pool . His work , and the work of people who write for the non-NR places he turned up , argued explicitly against the bounds of Americanism as an imperative of civilization : rights and equality sound very nice , but it 's all fake , and we are being destroyed . The article that got him fired is a straightforward argument against the Declaration . How else can you summarize it but “ it is self-evident to me that men are n't equal at all , now behave accordingly. ” This is all he 's ever written .
As I 've said before , there is a second conservatism haunting the internet . Look for Derbyshire 's name and you 'll find it . For a sympathetic view of it , take a look at ex-pat right-wing philosopher Nick Land 's praise and appraisal of one “ Mencius Moldbug , ” another name you will surely run into if you venture into the deep reacto-sphere .
Land calls this set of ideas “ The Dark Enlightenment ” ; let 's just call them the Anti-Enlightenment . To give you some flavor , Land adopts the Moldbug term “ Cathedral ” to stand in for the great enemy of liberty and truth : it 's not just the State ( as your Austrians would have it ) , nor Feminism ( as your PUA political-misogynists would say ) nor Equalism ( your scientific racists ' bete noire ) – the Cathedral is all these things , and more besides . It 's the whole of Western culture basically since the Reformation , including democracy . The modern democratic-national-Westphalian order is a sick , evil cult . “ MM ” is the at the outer edge of this line of thinking to be sure , but he 's a good enough example , and the lines connecting these people are short . The rejection goes very deep .
( I could write a whole post on Land ; though I 've never read any of his books , I 've followed his online output for years now . If you 're a fan of Simon Reynolds , you may have run into Land , in a very different context . )
So what 's it worth , to point out how wrong Derbyshire is ? To people of this camp , a thorough “ owning ” like this one from the liberal internet is nothing of the kind , just a weak prayer , another profession of the articles of the Declaration 's faith .
But curiously we can see the conservative disowning of Derbyshire take a basically similar shape : reasserting basic Americanism against the Anti-Enlightenment . You can see it from conservatives as hard as Andrew McCarthy , ( who gives a little bit to Derbyshire 's argument ) :
We believe in the equal dignity and presumption of equal decency toward every person — no matter what race , no matter what science tells us about comparative intelligence , and no matter what is to be gleaned from crime statistics…To hold or teach otherwise is to prescribe the disintegration of a pluralistic society , to undermine the aspiration of E Pluribus Unum .
…and James Antle :
A small but growing number of people on the right seem to be embracing the idea that if these liberal observations [ about race ] are false , then the exact opposite of them must be true : interracial harmony is effectively impossible ; affirmative action harms whites in exactly the same way Jim Crow harmed blacks ; the era that gave rise to the civil rights movement was n't that bad ; we are all at imminent risk of being attacked by predominantly black flash mobs ; white racism does n't exist ( proponents of this last bit seem divided on the question of whether it should exist ) . Needless to say , these views are also obvious nonsense . It will be hard for us to live together as Americans if we constantly believe the worst about each other .
A while ago I wrote that this other kind of rightwinger – the younger , internet-bred Derbyshire – is endlessly fascinating to me ; getting an accurate judgment of their strength is a big preoccupation of mine . ( It 's worth noting that this second camp of semi-underground arch-reactionaries is not synonymous with “ the gutter ” of hard-right internet rabblerousing . The Breitbart organs have come out in support of Derbyshire 's ouster . Mostly . )
In recent years they have scored a notable political-rhetorical success : the “ alpha/beta ” male typology beloved of antifeminists and evo-psych poonhounds has firmly entrenched itself in the conservative political internet and beyond . Derbyshire 's ejection suggests , at least , that the Dark Enlightenment will have limited success on overt racism ; arguments on that score will have to be kept to a Murray/Hanson standard of long-winded classiness .
But my suspicion is , in the long term , little by little , the Anti-Enlightenment is winning on the right .
4:10 pm • 10 April 2012
Observation Tower in Jurmala , Latvia
“ The Observation Tower in Jurmala ” is located within the Dzintaru Park in Jurmala , Latvia . The 38-meter tall structure is enclosed with an open-air cage allowing screened views of the encompassing nature reserve . Designed by Lativan architect ARHIS , visitors enter the construct through a discreet stair and continue climbing towards the pinnacle deck positioned at a height of 33.5 meters . Twelve balconies capable of accommodating one or two individuals cantilever outside the rectangular faces , allowing a sweeping vista of the landscape .
Photo credit : Arnis Kleinbergs
Photo credit : Arnis Kleinbergs
Der Indenmann in Lucherberg , Germany
The Indemann observation tower is located at Lucherberg in the municipality of Inden in Germany . This 36 meter high , accessible steel sculpture , built on a brown coal dump , resembles in its form a primitive robot . The structure is covered by a specially made mesh of stainless steel interwoven with LED lights that come to life at night .
Photo credit : Cafezinho/Wikimedia
Observatorium in Utrecht , The Netherlands
Observatorium is located in ‘ Sculpture Park Leidsche Rijn ' in Utrecht , The Netherlands . The tower consist of a spiraling walkway that takes visitors through a slender tower and subsequently lead them back to ground level .
Photo credit : Carl030nl/Panoramio
The Bostoren in Schovenhorst Estate , The Netherlands
The Bostoren is a 40 meter high watchtower located at Schovenhorst Estate , in the Dutch province of Gelderland . Climbing the tower is an adventure in itself through the ever-changing perspective , nesting boxes and a gallery with a spectacular free-hanging cage . Once at the top of this architectural gem , the reward is a magnificent view over the Veluwe , a huge forested region and a nature reserve .
Photo credit : schovenhorst.nl
Photo credit : Hanno Chamber/Panoramio
Photo credit : René Voorburg/Flickr
Observation Towers at Red Star Line Museum , Antwerp
Between 1873 and 1935 , the ocean liners of the Red Star Line shipping company carried some 2.6 million fortune-hunters , businessmen and wealthy travellers from Europe , via Antwerp , Belgium , to the ‘ promised land ' of America . Their stories , and those of other migrants , past and present , seeking to try their luck elsewhere , are told at the Red Star Line Museum at the shipping company 's former premises next to the Rijnkaai , where the ships used to dock .
Photo credit : museumtoeren.be
The Lightning in Breda , The Netherlands
The Lightning is an observation tower that stands alongside the cycle path between Breda and Etten-Leur , in The Netherlands . It takes its name from the Z-shaped design that resembles a lightning bolt . The steel structure is 22 meters high .
Photo credit : www.straatkunstprijs.nl
Air Watchtower 7T1 , Winschoten
The Air Watchtower 7T1 in Winschoten , The Netherlands , was built in 1954 to look out for Russian airplanes during the Cold War . The tower is 16.5 meters tall with a viewing platform at the top that can be rotated .
Photo credit : www3.rtvnoord.nl
Watchtower in Fochteloërveen , The Netherlands
This 18 meter high observation tower was opened in the Fochteloërveen , The Netherlands , in 2000 . It offers visitors a magnificent view over one of the last raised bogs in Europe . The tower is built in the shape of a seven and integrated into the environment .
Photo credit : meteo-appelscha.nl
New Fire Tower in Reusel , The Netherlands
The New Fire Tower , designed to look like stacked boxes , serves both as a lookout tower for possible forest fires as well as a visitor attraction . Built in 2008 , the New Fire Tower consists of six cube-shaped blocks , all of which are opened in a different direction allowing a visitor , who walks through the building , to see a new , framed view at each floor .
Photo credit : Pvdzanden/Wikimedia
Bird Observation Tower on the Graswarder , Germany
This 15-meters high tower is located on the long peninsula of Graswarder , belonging to the Baltic resort of Heiligenhafen , and an extensive bird sanctuary .
Photo credit : www.gmp-architekten.de
Photo credit : www.gmp-architekten.de
Korkeasaari Zoo Watchtower , Helsinki
This delicately transparent wooden watchtower is located in Helsinki 's Korkeasaari Zoo , on Korkeasaari Island . The 10-meters high tower was designed by the students of architecture at Helsinki University of Technology after they won at a design competition organized by the Korkeasaari Zoo .
Photo credit : www.e-architect.co.uk
Observation Tower at Circuit of the Americas
This signature building is located at the Circuit of The Americas , a Formula 1 Grand Prix facility in Austin , the United States . The 251-foot tall Observation Tower is wrapped by a double-helix staircase while a roof of steel tubes converges at the base of the Tower to form a “ veil ” that sweeps up and over the central elevator core . A viewing deck at an elevation of 230 feet offers a sweeping panorama of the entire track , downtown Austin , and the nearby Hill Country .
Photo credit : Miró Rivera Architects
Photo credit : Miró Rivera Architects
Photo credit : Miró Rivera Architects
Pyramidenkogel Tower
The is located at the top of the 850-m-high Pyramidenkogel mountain in southern Austria . The10-storey helix-shaped structure replaced a dreary , 40-year-old steel and concrete tower in 2013 . The tower is built of wood and steel and is ranked as the tallest wooden tower in the world at 100 meters .
Photo credit : finestayslovenia.com
Photo credit : finestayslovenia.com
ArcelorMittal Orbit , London
The ArcelorMittal Orbit is a 114.5 meter tall sculpture and observation tower in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford , London , designed by famed artist Anish Kapoor . It is Britain 's largest piece of public art , and is intended to be a permanent lasting legacy of London 's hosting of the 2012 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games . See more pictures .
Photo credit : Forgemind ArchiMedia/Flickr
Photo credit : Forgemind ArchiMedia/Flickr
Killesberg Tower , Stuttgart
The Killesberg observation tower is 40m high overlooking the Killesberg park in Stuttgart , Germany . The tower was designed by Jörg Schlaich , using cable-stayed bridge technology , and erected in 2000 .
Photo credit : Lars Haise/Flickr
Poledník Lookout Tower
The Poledník lookout tower in Polednik was originally a radar tower located in the inaccessible military premises . After the army abandoned the site in 1989 , the tower underwent reconstruction and a cabin with a snack-bar was attached thereto . The lookout tower was opened to public in July 1998 .
Photo credit : Huhulenik/Wikimedia
Lusatian Lakeland Landmark
This viewing tower is located on the Sorno canal between the Lake Sedlitz and the Lake Geierswalde in the heart of Lakeland , the largest artificial lake landscape in Europe . Made from rust-coloured Corten steel , the Landmark is intentionally reminiscent of the industrial origins and history of the Lake land and of steel mining machinery . From a height of thirty meters , visitors can see three lakes and the Schwarze Pumpe , Boxberg and Jänschwalde power plants on the horizon .
Photo credit : Dario-Jacopo Lagana/Flickr
Jübergtower Hemer Landmark
The Jübergtower Hemer Landmark is located on a forested hill on the outskirts of Hemer , just east of the Ruhr in North Rhine-Westphalia . The hyperboloid structure comprises 240 timber battens criss-crossing in two directions around the tower to create a crisply articulated lattice structure . Inside , a spiral staircase winds up to an observation deck .
Photo credit : Dezeen
Observation Tower on the River Mur
This observation tower rises over the river Mur at the Austrian border with Slovenia . The aluminium-clad structure staircase curls back on itself at the top , forming a double spiral so that visitors on the way up pass those on the way down .
Photo credit : www.arch2o.com
Nebra Ark Observation Tower
The Nebra Ark Visitor Center hovers at the foot of the Mittelberg Mountain , the site where the 3,600-year-old Nebra Sky Disc was found tha place is now marked by a 30-meter-high observation tower that leans slightly to one side . During the summer solstice the sunset is visible through a vertical slit in the tower , as the orientation of the Sky Disc is aligned to the exact visual axis from Mittelberg to Brocken Mountain on this day .
Photo credit : photon master/Panoramio
Fund manager John Hussman ( via PragCap ) , who 's been bearish for awhile , says it 's now clear that a double-dip is coming .
Based on evidence that has always and only been observed during or immediately prior to U.S. recessions , the U.S. economy appears headed into a second leg of an unusually challenging downturn .
A few weeks ago , I noted that our recession warning composite was on the brink of a signal that has always and only occurred during or immediately prior to U.S. recessions , the last signal being the warning I reported in the November 12 , 2007 weekly comment Expecting A Recession . While the set of criteria I noted then would still require a decline in the ISM Purchasing Managers Index to 54 or less to complete a recession warning , what prompts my immediate concern is that the growth rate of the ECRI Weekly Leading Index has now declined to -6.9 % . The WLI growth rate has historically demonstrated a strong correlation with the ISM Purchasing Managers Index , with the correlation being highest at a lead time of 13 weeks .
Hussman
Taking the growth rate of the WLI as a single indicator , the only instance when a level of -6.9 % was not associated with an actual recession was a single observation in 1988 . But as I 've long noted , recession evidence is best taken as a syndrome of multiple conditions , including the behavior of the yield curve , credit spreads , stock prices , and employment growth . Given that the WLI growth rate leads the PMI by about 13 weeks , I substituted the WLI growth rate for the PMI criterion in condition 4 of our recession warning composite . As you can see , the results are nearly identical , and not surprisingly , are slightly more timely than using the PMI . The blue line indicates recession warning signals from the composite of indicators , while the red blocks indicate official U.S. recessions as identified by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
Read the whole thing >
You ever notice how many gigantic spiders there are to be found in fantasy fiction ? You ever wonder why they all need to be there ? Or where they might have come from ?
When in doubt , it 's usually fair to blame J.R.R . Tolkien . Or perhaps… to blame the arachnid that bit him .
Reddit recently came across this Tumblr gem on the subject :
Of course , if you 're not a Tolkien buff , you might be wondering whether or not this story is true and what bearing it has on fantasy fiction . Tolkien was certainly not the first author to feature giant spiders in his work–to wit , The Wonderful Wizard of Oz featured a giant spider terrorizing a forest of animals who was then murdered by the Cowardly Lion while it slept . Edgar Rice Burroughs was a fan of ginormous arachnids too , and Conan the Barbarian encountered one in the 1933 tale “ The Tower of the Elephant. ” But given the widespread popularity of Lord of the Rings , and the fact that giant spiders are something of a staple in fantasy fiction , it 's still plausible that Tolkien had a heavy influence on the trope .
Indeed , big spiders can be found all over fantasy fiction , even to this day . Stephen King has them shapeshift into existence in both IT and the Dark Tower series . Neil Gaiman understandably gives us a whole army of them in Anansi Boys . Adrian Tchaikovsky 's Spiderlight and Children of Time heavily feature giant spider races . Hagrid has his old BFF Aragog in the Harry Potter series . Then there 's Weaver of Perdido Street Station . Point is , giant spiders–they 're everywhere .
And what about the validity of the tale ? Was Tolkien actually bitten by a tarantula , and did he harbor a secret vendetta against all arachnids from that point on ? Well , here is the truth about his harrowing encounter via J.R.R . Tolkien : A Biography—
…when Ronald was beginning to walk , he stumbled on a tarantula . It bit him , and he ran in terror across the garden until the nurse snatched him up and sucked out the poison . When he grew up he could remember a hot day and running in fear through long , dead grass , but the memory of the tarantula itself faded , and he said that the incident left him with no especial dislike of spiders .
In fact , Tolkien claimed to be totally chill with spiders as an adult , as he wrote in a letter many years later :
I knew that the way [ for Frodo , Sam , and Gollum ] was guarded by a Spider . And if that has anything to do with my being stung by a tarantula when a small child , people are welcome to the notion ( supposing the improbable , that any one is interested ) . I can only say that I remember nothing about it , should not know it if I had not been told ; and I do not dislike spiders particularly , and have no urge to kill them . I usually rescue those whom I find in the bath !
There you have it–J.R.R . Tolkien , patron saint of bath spiders . In fact , he insisted more than once that the decision to feature giant spiders in his books was more for the benefit of his son Michael , who was terrified of them . As the stories were originally written for his children , it makes sense that he would want to add details that would frighten them specifically . Sort of the pinnacle of “ bad dad humor . ”
Then again , while Tolkien may have had no conscious aversion to spiders , it is entirely possible that his subconscious still found them a frightful prospect . ( I say this as a person who also no longer kills spiders , but had several horrific encounters with very big arachnids as a child . ) Just because Tolkien logically knew that they were largely harmless does n't mean that the memory did n't stick on an instinctual level . So it 's still possible that the bite from a tarantula resulted in a slew of some of the most odious giant spiders in fantasy fiction–from Shelob to the mighty Ungoliant .
* shivers *
Back in May , Nintendo announced that Mario Kart 8 would be receiving Mercedes-Benz DLC . The news was accompanied by a commercial featuring a crossover between Mario and the car company .
According to Mercedes-Benz Japan president and chief executive officer Kintaro Ueno , the ad “ has exceeded our expectations. ” No surprise there , as the video has been viewed over two million times . Mercedes-Benz Japan has also confirmed an increase in visitors to its showrooms and demand for the car .
Ueno said :
“ [ The commercial ] was quite a talking point , bringing a lot of people to the showroom . This is a new market segment for us , but it has exceeded our expectations . I can say that it 's going well . ”
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Street cleaner attacked by mob
A COUNCIL street sweeper was racially assaulted as he cleaned a Westhulme subway .
The 48-year-old was cleaning the Featherstall Road subway close to the Martha Street entrance at 9.20am on Tuesday when a gang of six Asian youths smashed a wooden post through the side window .
They then rained blows on the sweeper with clubs , posts and bats and hit the victim 's leg as he tried to get out of the vehicle .
As the attack took place , the gang shouted , “ Asians rule supreme ” and “ get out of our area white scum ” . They ran away when the victim called the police .
The victim , who has worked for the council for four years , was left shaken and had to take the rest of the day off work .
Oldham Council 's service director for Streetscene . Mark Odell . confirmed that a member of the road sweeping team was involved in an incident while cleaning the subway at Featherstall Road roundabout .
He added : “ The worker reported the incident to the police who attended the scene and took a statement .
“ As a result of the incident we have reviewed our risk assessments and made some changes to the way our road sweeping staff operate in future .
“ Thankfully incidents where our staff are abused or worse by members of the public are rare . ”
Police say they are treating the matter as a racially aggravated incident and are investigating .
Wave of garment-worker suicides in Indian “ boom ” town
By M. Kailasam and K. Sundaram
31 December 2010
In the environs of Tirupur , a reputed boom town in the southeast Indian state of Tamil Nadu , close to a thousand garment workers or their family members have committed suicide during the past two years . The suicides were driven to take their lives by a combination of grinding poverty , overwork , precarious employment or layoff , crushing debts , and harassment from private money-lenders and their goons .
Located some 500 kilometers north-west of Chennai , Tamil Nadu 's capital , Tirupur has evolved into a major center of India 's textile industry over the past two decades . It now produces about 90 percent of all India 's cotton knitwear exports . Since 1998 the city 's population is said to have grown at an annual rate of 30 percent , making Tirupur the fastest growing urban area in Tamil Nadu , and driving the population of the city and surrounding urban area over a million .
Huge fortunes are being made off Tirupur 's rise—revenues from its garment industry reportedly rose from 80 billion rupees ( US $ 1.9 billion ) in 2008 to 120 billion rupees ( $ 2.6 billion ) in 2009 . Tirupur now accounts for about a quarter of all the export earnings of India 's garment industry .
But those whose toil is fueling this spectacular growth—the hundreds of thousands of textile workers and their families—are living in desperate conditions . So desperate , they are now committing suicide at the rate of 40 to 50 per month .
It was recently revealed that in the two years ending in September 2010 , 910 Tirupur garment workers , their spouses or children had killed themselves . The majority of the suicide victims were adults of 20 to 40 , that is people in the prime of their lives .
During the past year , the situation worsened . Whereas 495 garment workers and family members killed themselves in all of 2009 , in the first six months of 2010 there were 350 suicides . And just in the three months of June through August 2010 , some 250 workers took their own lives .
This increase is undoubtedly connected to a growing crisis in the garment industry that has caused Tirupur 's employers to cut 25,000 jobs and slash knitwear production by 20 percent during the past half year and to press for speed-up and wage cuts .
Industry spokesmen have blamed the job and production cuts on a steep rise in yarn prices , a rise they say is the due to the decision of the Congress Party-led United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) government to allow unlimited exports of raw cotton and yarn .
The decision to lift all limits on cotton and yarn exports , a decision in keeping with the government 's pro-big business “ free market ” policies , has now been partially reversed due to the complaints of the garment manufacturers . At the beginning of December , the UPA government announced that cotton-yarn exports will be limited to 720 million kilograms in India 's 2010-11 fiscal year .
Predictably , the garment bosses have welcomed the reversal , while the yarn-manufacturers have condemned it .
But the bitter reality is that even when production was expanding rapidly in Tirupur in 2009 , hundreds of despairing garment workers took their own lives .
Sweatshops for world leading retailers
The export-oriented garment industry in Tirupur produces all types of knit fabrics : children 's , women 's , and men 's garments including underwear , t-shirts , nightwear and sports-wear .
It consists of more than 8,000 units , of which some three thousand are micro-units that employ only a handful of workers .
The garments manufactured in these units are mainly exported to North America and Europe where they are sold by some of the world 's largest retailers including Walmart , Primark , Diesel , ARMY , and Tommy Hilfiger .
Through the rationalization of the manufacturing process , employers have succeeded in breaking down the various tasks in creating garments so as to need just a relatively small number of skilled workers . The bulk of the work—repetitive mind-numbing tasks—can be delegated to workers with little or no training .
Under conditions where rural India is mired in crisis , the garment manufacturers have a vast pool of potential unskilled workers—rural laborers and small peasants who have had to abandon agriculture because it does n't provide them with sufficient cash income to survive in an economy where the market has invaded every facet of life .
So as to further reduce their costs and fracture the workforce , the large manufacturers sub-contract much of the work to smaller companies that specialize in a single operation such as adding dyestuff , removing wrinkles , or stitching .
The disaggregation of the production process facilitates the systematic violation of government work standards , which in any event are routinely ignored in India .
Although India 's labor laws stipulate that overtime be paid after eight hours of work , many of the workers in Tirupur are working 12 and even 16-hour shifts at the normal pay rate .
For a 12-hour shift for operations such as cutting , stitching , tailoring and ironing the wage is normally around Rupees 190 ( $ 4.22 ) . For labeling it is Rs . 132 ( $ 2.93 ) ; for folding of the ready-made apparels it is Rs . 131 ( $ 2.93 ) ; for checking of finished garments it is Rs . 119 ( $ 2.64 ) and for packing finished apparels it is a mere Rs . 106 ( $ 2.35 ) .
While workers are forced to toil long hours for meager wages , they confront all the problems of a capitalist boom town .
A residential area of garment workers
Housing is in short supply and expensive . Because of exorbitant rents many workers live with their families in rooms measuring a mere eight feet by eight feet . And most of the dwellings do not have inside toilet facilities .
The prices of food and other essential goods is much higher—something in the order of 50 percent higher—in Tirupur than in the surrounding rural area .
Workers are forced to spend their own money in private health clinics , since the government has done nothing to build medical facilities in Tirupur .
Many of the workers are also trying to support relatives still living in the villages from which they have migrated to Tirupur for work .
As in rural India , a major cause of suicide among the Tirupur garment workers is debt . Unable to make ends meet on their meager wages or facing some calamity such as the loss of a job or the hospitalization of a family member , workers borrow from moneylenders at usurious interest rates . They then frequently become trapped in a vicious circle of borrowing to paying back old debts at ever rising interest rates . As the loans pile up , the workers and their families are constantly hounded by money lenders . Ultimately , some see suicide as their only means out .
Priya and Gautham
This was what happened to Priya and Gautham , a Tirupur couple who committed suicide in September and whose relatives spoke with reporters from the World Socialist Web Site when they visited India 's knitwear capital last month . ( See : “ Tirupur suicides : The human cost of India 's capitalist expansion ” . )
The wave of suicides in Tirupur are a devastating indictment of the Indian bourgeoisie . While the UPA government and corporate media celebrate such indices of India 's rise as its fast growing population of billionaires and US President Obama 's affirmation that India is a world power , more than 70 percent of Indians live on less than $ 2 per day and hundreds of millions are stunted or malnourished .
For the better part of a decade , the Indian media and government have had to admit that rural India , or at least much of it , is beset by crisis and that one manifestation of this is the phenomenon of peasant suicides . According to official figures , between 1997 and 2009 , at least 216,500 indebted and impoverished farmers took their lives , including 17,368 in 2009 .
The Tirupur suicides underscore that the real social divide in India is not between rural and urban , but between those who have monopolized the fruits of India 's capitalist expansion and the vast majority of India 's population . The swelling incomes and wealth of the bourgeoisie and of the managers , lawyers , media scribes and politicians who do their bidding arises directly from the brutal exploitation , akin to England during the industrial revolution , that prevails in India 's old and newly emerging industrial centers .
The conditions in Tirupur are also as a further damning exposure of the politics of the Stalinist Communist Party of India Marxist or CPM . First and foremost because of the crucial support that the CPM and the parliamentary alliance it leads , the Left Front , have given the Indian bourgeoisie in implementing its now two-decade old “ new economic policy ” —that is the transformation of India into a cheap labor producer for world capitalism through deregulation , privatization and the slashing of public services . But it also must be noted that the CPM has played a scandalous role in Tirupur that could only reinforce workers ' sense of powerlessness .
CPM and Left Front MPs have propped up a series of Union governments , including from May 2004 through June 2008 the current UPA government , that have pressed forward with the market reforms . Moreover , in those states where the Left Front holds office , most importantly West Bengal , it has publicly dismissed socialism “ as a far off cry ” and imposed “ investor-friendly ” policies , including outlawing strikes in the IT sector and shooting down peasants opposed to their expropriation of their land for Special Economic Zones .
In Tirupur , the CPM has openly colluded with the garment bosses . According to the CPM itself , in 2008 , the elected CPM member of the state legislature for Tirupur , one C. Govindsamy , acted as the conduit for a bribe from Tirupur garment bosses to the Tamil Nadu labor minister . The 2.5 million rupees ( more than $ 50,000 ) bribe was offered with the aim of persuading the minister to overlook violations of state overtime regulations .
But when Govindsamy 's actions were exposed , the CPM merely removed him as the head of its parliamentary faction in the state legislature . This well-trusted lackey of the garment bosses was allowed to continue to sit as a CPM MLA . Only much later , after Govindsamy had repeatedly violated party decisions by praising the DMK-led state government—a right-wing government that the CPM helped elect but now opposes—did it reluctantly expel him . “ We were under compulsion to expel him as he refused to change his attitude even after he was given a long rope , ” said party state secretary G. Ramakrishnan .
Recent developments in Tirupur—the brutality of capitalist exploitation and the utter rot and rightwing character of the Stalinist CPM—starkly lay bare the urgent need to build a new revolutionary party of the Indian working class armed with a program of socialist and democratic demands for mobilizing the toilers against Indian and world capitalism .
shlomif_tech
[ shlomif ]
Note : I discovered that the Planet Iron Man/Woman people are already planning some changes to the Planet , and will deal with my complaints here as part of this . So I 'm not going to quit blogging on the Planet eventually , at least not yet . I 'm still posting it as a general insight for people who wish to set up successful online communities . I decided to quit Planet Perl Iron Man and I 'd like to tell you why and how I think it should be improved . The reason I quit is because of the fact that if one does n't blog frequently enough , their status gets demoted ( possibly back to Paper Man always ) . Now , while if I blog frequently enough I will increase my status which is motivating , demoting or even resetting the karma is demotivating . This is the Carrot and stick method . Now , I do n't want to feel obliged to blog in order to prevent my karma from being gone . I used to blog about Perl and other topics because it was fun , not because I felt I had to . As a result , the `` stick '' in this place is out-of-place . I request that assuming the current system remains , my status be either kept as `` unknown '' or even that my blog be currently taken out of the Iron Man/Iron Woman aggregator . Everyone should feel free to aggregate my Perl feed ( or any of my other feeds as you see fit ) , without asking me , but I do n't wish to play the carrot and stick status game . So how to improve it ? Simple - avoid the stick . Make the Planet Iron Man be a game of infinite karma , similar to Stack Overflow or Perl Monks . On Stack Overflow for example , your karma never decreases . If 2 people upvoted your comment or post and 6 people downvoted it ( for a total score of -4 ) , you 'll still get 2 points . Furthermore , your karma can grow indefinitely , and you also get other motivations like badges etc . Perl Monks has a similar system with its Experience Points . ( I should note that I 'm not fanatically trying to improve my karma on either site , and my current status on both is very low , because I 'm not into being competitive in them , though I found both useful at times when I was seeking help . ) Perhaps we can make a similar program for a competitive planet , where people get points for every post , every link from someone else 's post on the planet , every upvote on Reddit , Stumble Upon and other social bookmarking sites , get extra points for making , say , 3 posts in 7 days , earn badges etc . without ever needing to fear their karma being reduced . I should note that I 've noticed other social sites being undermined ( at least temporarily ) by such `` sticks '' . For example Advogato used to allow people to rate other people 's blogs ' quality from 0 to 10 . Naturally , some people gave bad marks for some blogs which was demotivating . Luckily , it was removed during an update . On use.perl.org you could specify people you dislike as `` foes '' in your user page , which ended up showing in them as `` freaks '' ( = haters ) . Again , that 's demotivating . There 's probably still a lot to be learnt about designing successful web communities , but I think that if you want people to do things because they enjoy it ( and/or you do n't intend to pay them ) , you should not demotivate them by threatening the use of `` sticks '' .
Greg Palast : MLK 's “ Dream ” drowned in Hurricane Katrina .
TRANSCRIPT :
Jessica Desvarieux , TRNN Producer : Welcome to The Real News Network . I 'm Jessica Desvarieux in Baltimore .
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . It also marks the eighth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina . And a new report found that African-American New Orleans residents continue to be disproportionately affected by high unemployment . Nearly half of them are unemployed . And , also , African-American households are earning 50 percent less than their white counterparts . Meanwhile , much of the city public education and housing has been privatized or demolished . That 's from the Katrina Pain Index of 2013 by Bill Quigley .
Now joining us to talk about this is Greg Palast . Greg Palast is a BBC investigative reporter , and he investigated for Democracy Now ! the real causes behind Hurricane Katrina in a film called Big Easy to Big Empty .
Thank you for joining us , Greg .
Greg Palast , BBC Investigative Reporter : Glad to be with you .
Desvarieux : So , Greg , what is the connection between this 50th anniversary of the March on Washington and the eighth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina ?
Palast : Plenty . For those who know Greg Palast is an investigative reporter—most people know that I uncovered that Katherine Harris knocked tens of thousands of people off the voter rolls of Florida in the 2000 election , thereby handing the election to George Bush . People were illegally called felons when their only crime was voting while black . It was an ethnic cleansing of the voter rolls .
When Martin Luther King stood up before the Washington Monument 50 years ago this week , he said , I have a dream that black folk in Alabama and Mississippi and in the South will be able to cast a ballot . Well , 50 years later , we 're still asking that question . Of course , we 've eliminated the white sheets and the Ku Klux Klan as a threat . It 's now spreadsheets and ethnic ethnic cleansing .
Now , I did the investigation of the ethnic cleansing of the voter rolls of Florida . And , by the way , that spread to Louisiana and Georgia . But I also look at the ethnic cleansing of another town , New Orleans , for Democracy Now ! . And what I found was just stunning . You have to put these two things together . You have to put the ethnic cleansing of the voter rolls of Florida together with the ethnic cleansing that happened and is going on in New Orleans and Louisiana , with Hurricane Katrina just a cover , an excuse . That 's all it is .
And what you take away from this is that King 's dream was announced 50 years ago , but eight years ago in New Orleans is when the dream drowned . And here 's what I mean . I 've discovered that Louisiana State University 's Hurricane Center sent an emergency request to the White House more than a year before the levees broke , before Katrina , and Dr. Ivor van Heerden , the deputy of the Hurricane Center , contacted George Bush 's senior counsel at the White House . They had a long discussion . He said , New Orleans is going to drown—not maybe , not will . We do n't even need a hurricane . And , by the way , Hurricane Katrina never , never touched , never touched New Orleans . It went 30 miles east . It was simply a storm surge . And he said , we can not handle even a storm surge in New Orleans . The levees are too low . The levees are built wrong . And not only that , but we have—but you built a canal for the oil companies which is bringing the Gulf of Mexico right to our doorstep . This city is going to drown unless you bring in the Army Corps of Engineers to correct this . But the Army Corps of Engineers , remember , in 2004 was in Iraq . They were n't there for the American people . They were there , you know , to blow up bridges and then rebuild them over the Tigris River .
So what happened was is that all the warnings of Dr. van Heerden—and I got to tell you , it 's not like these were secret things . British television , where I work—I work for BBC TV—30 days before New Orleans drowned , just 30 days , van Heerden said on British television , this city could be underwater in a month . Exactly 30 days later it was underwater . This is not some shock and some surprise .
Now , what does this have to do with Martin Luther King and the rights of African-Americans to life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness , and democracy ? Okay , life and liberty was lost . If this was somewhere else , if this was not an African-American city , an overwhelmingly African-American city , it would have been protected . I 'm speaking to you right now from near Westhampton Beach , which is where the movie stars go for the summer and the real estate brokers and the venture capitalists and financial vultures hang out for the summer . This area was wiped out by a hurricane twice , and both times the United States federal government evacuated people , took responsibility . No one 's ever hurt here in this rich beach area . Bill Clinton 's just down the road . He does n't even get his flip-flops wet when there 's a hurricane . And furthermore , every single house here—and when I say houses , I mean mansions—these beach mansions , every one of them was replaced by the federal government at the public cost , even with hundreds of truckloads of sand brought in so that the venture capitalists and the Democratic Party donors could get their tans .
What happened in New Orleans ? I got to tell you , according to a United States federal court judgment , van Heerden was correct . There was something called the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet Canal which created , basically , a highway for the water surge from Katrina , a highway for that surge . It was insane . It was just an invitation for a tidal wave . There was never hurricane , but there was a tidal wave that hit New Orleans which knocked over those levees . It was the responsibility of the federal government .
And the only reason the federal government did that , by the way , built this stupid canal , which basically drowned New Orleans—it was a shotgun rifle , it was like a rifle barrel pointed right at the city—was because oil companies wanted to save time . They did n't want to take the Mississippi River all the way to the Gulf , which winds all the way around . You know , old man river goes in all kinds of crazy curves . So they built a straight canal for the oil tankers , so that oil tankers could save a day or two on travel down to the Gulf . That 's what it was all about . So just oil tankers could save a day or two , the city of New Orleans drowned .
The federal courts determined that 's exactly what happened , that 's the science of it , and ordered the federal government to rebuild the homes of the African-Americans who lost their homes , because this was something that was done by the oil companies and the federal government . That 's a court ruling .
But the federal government , if it loses a court case , it can not be required to pay unless Congress agrees and appropriates the money unless the president asks . Barack Obama never asked for a dime to rebuild the homes that were lost in the people 's city of New Orleans . Yes , you know , he rebuilt the homes of all the movie stars in Westhampton , but not a single home in the city of New Orleans . I want to repeat that . The federal government has never built , rebuilt any homes for the people in the city of New Orleans . They gave them formaldehyde-filled trailers , they spread them all over the country , and they drowned them . Not only were 2,000 people drowned by this horrific negligence , willful negligence of the federal government , when they knew in advance this would happen .
Desvarieux : Well , Greg , let 's talk about the reconstruction and the recovery effort in New Orleans , and specifically let 's talk about the African-American community and how they fared . What has it been like for them down there post-Katrina ?
Palast : Horrific . I got to tell you , look , this was—as far as the Caucasian and elite leadership of New Orleans—that 's both black and white . Remember that when we talk about—there 's no African-American community in New Orleans , just so you know . There is an elite black community , which is from the old Creole community , which includes , by the way , the old black slaveholders . There were a lot of black people who owned slaves in the New Orleans area before the Civil War . You have that old black elite and the old white elite .
And then you have the average African-American—worked those plantations and lived in places like the Lower Ninth Ward , which , by the way , had the highest concentration of African-American homeownership in America until Katrina . What happened was all these people were shipped out , put on buses , not even told where they were going , and sent to Texas , sent to Baltimore , sent all over , and sent to Florida , no way to return , no plan to return . People were n't allowed to return to their own homes , not even allowed to put trailers on their own property . Not allowed .
So when we talk about New Orleans recovering in the sense of , like , it 's up to 70 , 80 percent of its original pre-flood population , that 's not the same people . They 're gone . Half of the African-American population in New Orleans is gone forever , dispersed . They do n't have the money or the ability to get back . They do n't have their homes back . They do n't have the ability to get back .
And so in terms of work , almost all—almost all the work of reconstruction was done by people who came in from El Salvador and from Latin America , cheap labor . And then the technical labor came from the north . So , basically it was also carpetbag labor , and local African Americans lost their jobs .
In our film ( which , by the way , if you go to GregPalast.com , you can download it for free this week , Big Easy to Big Empty ) , you 'll see that we had a young black man who stood on a bridge for four days while helicopters flew over , ignoring him and the people he was with . A grandfather near him gave his last bottle of water to his grandchildren , and then he died of dehydration on that bridge . Then Stephen was put on a bus , separated from his family . He never saw his children and his wife for weeks . He had no idea where they were shipped off to . And then he was dumped in Texas . He ended up taking a job in Texas , and his job at the Marriott Hotel in New Orleans was taken over by immigrant workers who would be willing to work nonunion and at half his pay . So you had—basically , the construction work was done almost entirely by immigrant workers , as opposed to the black population which had lived there .
So , basically , the black population was cleansed out of the city and off the voter rolls , so that you actually—do n't forget , this is also another way to get rid of—to use a natural disaster as a cover to in effect cleans the voter rolls as well . The state went from a Democratic governor to Republican Bobby Jindal . Altogether , New Orleans went from a black city to a white and Latin American city . It 's a very different city than it was .
Desvarieux : Okay . Well , thank you so much for joining us , Greg .
Palast : You 're very welcome .
Desvarieux : And thank you for joining us on The Real News Network .
