The departure of teens and 20-somethings from organized religion has become a major storyline in recent years , causing concern among parents , pastors and other community leaders .
Researchers and religious communities continue to search for what 's causing young people 's declining participation and make efforts to keep young adults engaged , but many Americans appear confident that faith leaders ' treatment of gays and lesbians is one source of tension .
Half of U.S. adults believe religious responses to LGBT issues alienate young people , who may be turned off by a `` judgmental '' stance toward gays and lesbians , according to a new Public Religion Research Institute report .
This view is most common among young adults , 18 to 29 years old . Sixty percent of this group say churches may lose young people as a result of their LGBT-related statements and policies , compared with 53 percent of adults between the ages of 30 and 49 and 42 percent of Americans over 50 years old , the Washington , D.C.-based research firm reported .
Debates over same-sex marriage and other LGBT issues are certainly difficult for faith leaders to navigate , but those factors are far from the whole story when it comes to understanding the relationship between young religious `` nones '' and organized religion , said Daniel Cox , PRRI 's research director .
`` Only a minority of Americans who disaffiliate report that treatment of gay and lesbian people was an important catalyst , '' he said , referring to previous research by PRRI .
The religiously unaffiliated are more likely to cite no longer believing in their childhood faith 's teachings or sensing little encouragement from their family to stay active as important reasons for their departure from organized religion than negative religious teachings about or treatment of the LGBT community , according to a PRRI report on the nones from last September .
However , faith groups still benefit from communicating clearly and openly about sensitive topics like same-sex marriage , as the Deseret News reported in November .
Young people respond well when they 're allowed to ask tough questions , noted Dave Brunetti , director of campus life at Juan Diego Catholic High School in Draper , Utah .
`` Our focus is to make sure that students have an understanding of and a basis for discussing complicated different viewpoints , '' he said . `` We 're going to back it up with a foundation of what the Catholic Church teaches and why the church teaches it , but we shy away from the sense that you 're only a good person if you believe this . ''
PRRI 's new study shows that religious communities , in general , appear to be successfully adopting a more nuanced approach to LGBT issues . Fewer Americans see the potential for alienation of young people today than they did four years ago .
For example , 72 percent of young adults in 2013 said religious groups are alienating young people by being `` too judgmental '' about gay and lesbian issues , compared with 60 percent today — a drop of 12 percentage points , PRRI reported .
While this trend may be cause for celebration for some , it may do little to stem the flow of teens and 20-somethings away from faith , as Cox noted .
`` The interesting thing about this shift is how little impact it appears to be having on rates of religious disaffiliation , '' he said .
There are no easy solutions to the rise of the nones , so it 's important for parents and pastors alike to stay committed to building connections with young people that can withstand moments of doubt or tense debates , said Nancy Ammerman , a professor of the sociology of religion at Boston University , to the Deseret News in November .
`` The research I 've seen that is the most convincing says that relationships matter , '' she said . `` It 's both about families being committed to participating together and about youth having other adults in a congregation who are trusted figures . ''
Image caption Yasmin Evans , Jonny Nelson and Hacker T Dog will be let off the leash
The hosts of the BBC 's new live Saturday morning children 's TV show are promising to bring back the giddy mayhem of classic shows like Going Live ! and Live and Kicking .
`` It 's going to be an absolute zoo on set , and I do n't think anyone , including ourselves , is ready for what 's going to happen . ''
Yasmin Evans is speaking less than two days away from co-presenting two hours of silly games , sillier sketches , celebrity interviews , viewer phone-ins and cartoons on Saturday Mash-Up ! on BBC Two and CBBC .
With a script on the table in front of her but without a full rehearsal until the day before she and co-host Jonny Nelson go live , the pair are dizzy with seat-of-your-pants anticipation .
`` Being too prepared , especially when it 's a live show - I do n't think that 's the right way to do it , '' Evans says . `` Well it had better not be , because I 'm not ! ''
Image caption In the gunge on Going Live ! Left-right : Doc Cox , Peter Simon , Sinitta and Ruth Madoc
As the BBC 1Xtra DJ and soon-to-be children 's TV star lists the features that will be in Saturday Mash-Up ! , Nelson chips in with an essential ingredient : `` Anarchy . ''
`` Anarchy , '' Evans repeats , before adding : `` A lot of gunges . ''
If that formula sounds familiar , you 're probably old enough to fondly remember Saturday morning TV of yesteryear - from Multi-Coloured Swap Shop through Saturday Superstore , Going Live , Live & Kicking , The Saturday Show , Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow and TMi .
ITV went from Tiswas to SM : TV Live via the Wide Awake Club , but it 's a decade since the Saturday morning zoo TV format was finally abandoned .
`` I like the anarchy thing , '' Nelson continues . `` Because it 's live , and event-type TV has n't been done for so long . Not like this . I think it 's going to give them [ the viewers ] something very different to what they 're used to . ''
Classic BBC Saturday morning children 's TV
The Multi-Coloured Swap Shop ( 1976-82 )
Saturday Superstore ( 1982-87 )
Going Live ( 1987-93 )
Live & Kicking ( 1993-2001 )
The Saturday Show ( 2001-05 )
Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow ( 2003-06 )
TMi ( 2006-09 )
There is one presenter missing from our interview - Hacker T Dog , who Evans and Nelson admit is more experienced than both of them , and who is likely to provide the biggest dose of anarchy .
Before Hacker T Dog , there was Going Live 's Gordon the Gopher and of course Spit the Dog from Tiswas , and the new show unashamedly harks back to what made those older shows so well-loved .
The first thing Evans did when she found out she got the presenting job , she says , was to turn to YouTube to watch 45 minutes of Wonky Donkey - Ant and Dec 's crazed phone-in game show from SM : TV .
Evans says the new show will have a game that she describes with some pride as `` Wonky Donkeyesque '' .
Image caption Can Evans and Nelson tempt young viewers to stay for two hours ?
For Nelson , he went back and watched lots of Live and Kicking , whose host pairings included Jamie Theakston and Zoe Ball , which he said `` got me excited , but it also made me understand the scale of how important this is '' .
With hours to fill with riotous games and unpredictable guests and callers , the best bits often came when things did n't go to plan and the presenters had to somehow muddle through while attempting to suppress laughter .
`` Those are the elements that we remember certainly from our childhoods , '' Nelson says . `` A lot of the time you tuned in because it was going to be mad .
`` You did n't know what Jamie Theakston , Zoe Ball or Ant and Dec were going to do on that morning - who was going to make the other one laugh , or who was going to get their lines wrong , or what bit of the set 's going to fall down , or what someone on the phone 's going to say .
`` I think the second the first thing goes wrong on the show and we style it out , God willing , that 's going to be quite a relief . ''
Image caption Zoe Ball and Jamie Theakston ruled Saturday mornings on Live and Kicking
Evans and Nelson may not have had much rehearsal time , but they do already have the warmth of old friends , and with their infectious mix of nerves and enthusiasm it 's not hard to imagine one or both dissolving into giggles as another piece of the set topples over .
But can the formula appeal to a young generation of viewers ?
The reason that was always given for the disappearance of live Saturday morning TV was that kids today have so many other channels to choose from , and so many devices , so it could no longer be the focal point that it once was .
Phillip Schofield , who was Going Live ! 's ringmaster in the late 1980s and early 90s , recently told BBC 5 live that if they tried to do the same programme today it would make for `` a very different show '' .
Image caption Phillip Schofield said there would be more pressure today
`` It would be a lot faster , it would be a lot cooler , it would be absolutely alive with social platforms , '' he said on 5 Live 's I Was There .
`` If I 'm honest , I 'm very glad that that was my time because I still think of those as the glory days of TV , when there were fewer channels , and people had more time , and they were less likely to get bored , and they 'd give you the benefit of doubt on something but stick with you .
`` It was harder to click off and click on to something else . The pressure I think would be immense now . ''
Saturday Mash-Up ! 's hosts and producer stress that they are bringing the format up to date - taking some ideas from the heyday and adapting them for the pace and technology of modern life .
`` Television as a whole is a lot faster than it was 20 or 30 years ago , '' says series producer Jamie Wilson . `` Life is faster is n't it ?
`` An interview on Going Live might have been 12 minutes , whereas an interview on our show might be four minutes or five at a push . ''
Image caption Saturday Mash-Up ! will have pop stars - but surely none with better hair than Kajagoogoo on Saturday Superstore
Some ideas have n't grown old , though . `` I think the idea of phoning in and chatting to your idol is just as exciting now , '' Wilson says .
`` There are some really timeless ideas within those old formats that we 're keen on , but there 's a big dose of new stuff , like the digital interaction that just did n't exist in the 80s and 90s . ''
He rightly points out that , in today 's fragmented media market , live event shows like Strictly Come Dancing and Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Take Away have managed to remain some of the biggest fixtures on TV .
`` Saturday mornings always had that kind of feel , '' Wilson says . `` There 's something for everyone , and it was a real 'in the moment ' , live , exciting place to be .
`` So I 'm not sure why it went away in the first place , but it definitely felt it was just as relevant , and will hopefully be just as entertaining now . ''
Saturday Mash-Up is on BBC Two and CBBC from 09:00-11:00 .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Kellyanne Conway on Berkeley Riots & Democrat Party : A Bunch of Cry Babies Hysterical About Everything ( Video )
Do you remember when the Left said they were for free speech ?
This morning on Fox & Friends , Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway discussed the violent riots and protests that took place last night on the University of Berkeley , California campus in an effort to shut down free speech .
The counselor to President Donald Trump stated that she would like to do a survey of those who were protesting to see if they even knew what they were protesting . Kellyanne opined , “ What has them so in a lather , Is it the free speech issue , that maybe some one on your campus has a dissenting point of view ? ” Then Kellyanne provided a teaching moment for the lefty protesters , “ In the real world , when these kids grow up and go to find a job in the Trump economy , life does not work that way folks . You are going to work with folks that you do n't agree with . ”
Kellyanne Conway further went on to condemn the Democrat party elected officials in DC and their recent obstruction and delay tactics on cabinet nominees . Conway stated , “ The Democrat party , we are seeing it unravel in front of our eyes . A bunch of cry babies who say they are going to oppose Supreme Court nominees before they even know the person 's names. ” Conway further went on to say that this obstinance and obstruction is the modern Democrat party . I think it is going to cost them as they are hysterical about everything now . Everything makes them cry and scream. ” It seems that way and makes one wonder who is informing Democrats that this is a winning strategy ?
VIA The Politico :
Donald Trump has been president for less than two weeks but already his administration has exposed Democrats as “ a bunch of crybabies ” who are unwilling to work with a leader they do n't agree with , counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway said Thursday morning . “ The democratic party , we 're seeing it unravel in front of our eyes and we 're seeing it be revealed in front of our eyes , ” Conway said on Fox News 's “ Fox & Friends ” Thursday morning . “ A bunch of cry babies who say that they 're going to oppose Supreme Court nominees before they even know the person 's name and his academic credentials and impeccable judicial record. ” “ This obstinance and obstruction is the modern Democratic Party , ” she said . “ I think it 's going to cost them because they 're hysterical about everything now . You ca n't even — there is no gradation of hysteria . It 's everything makes them cry and scream . ”
Donald Trump supporters love to tout his ability to stay moves ahead of his political adversaries . Even after some of his more baffling policy decisions or tweets , they claim Trump is playing 3D or 4D chess , making moves massively more complicated and clever than normal people can comprehend .
Most people have never sat down to play a game of 3D chess , and probably only know of the game from a brief scene in a 1976 episode of Star Trek , where Kirk and Spock play it on a futuristic glass board on The Enterprise .
So in order to fully unpack the metaphor , VICE News spoke with 3D chess experts to find out what the game actually is , and if Trump would be any good at it .
This segment originally aired Nov. 10 , 2017 , on VICE News Tonight on HBO .
Newsweek reports how Koch-owned Georgia Pacific paper plant in Crossett , Arkansas is under investigation for polluting the surrounding area 's water and air , and local residents now blame it for the high rates of cancer and health problems in the town .
In a recent WSJ interview with Koch Industries ' Environment , Health , and Safety Director Sheryl Corrigan when asked about the company 's EPA violations , her response :
MS. CORRIGAN : We are not perfect . But I will tell you that when we do have issues , or when we do have incidents , we try to do our best to meet the expectations of the folks that we serve as customers and in our communities . And we try to learn from them .
Not in Crossett . The company ran a door-to-door campaign to try to bribe families to release the company from any responsibility of people 's property damage , injury , or health .
Yet , the Kochs continue to push for weaker EPA protections and pollution laws . Crossett is only one of hundreds of towns where the Kochs and Georgia Pacific are trying to pay families off for their silence , while getting lawmakers to look the other way .
Read more here .
It 's been quite a journey for Glenn Rhee over five seasons on The Walking Dead . The character has gone from scrappy pizza delivery guy to romantic figure to , most recently , a full-fledged leader . The character 's evolution also mirrors that of the man who plays him , Steven Yeun . As one of just five original cast members still on the show , the 31-year-old now serves as one of the elder statesmen on set . We spoke with Yeun to get his take on Glenn 's recent dramatic developments , as well as what 's to come in the March 29 finale .
EW : Tell me what it 's like for you working on this Alexandria set since it 's a real community with real houses and real people living in some of them while you film .
STEVEN YEUN : Alexandria is great because it 's definitely real . It 's real as in , us as actors do n't feel comfortable in a place like that because we are used to pulling up to a side of a street or a road and just filming in a random highway . But filming in that place was comfortable but also uncomfortable . It 's weird to have us not worry about sound as much , or it 's weird having a cup in our hands with liquid in it that we have to make sure we drink the right way or have filled up the right way . It was great to have because the characters are juxtaposed to that place and so were the actors . In any scene that 's typically surrounding just a normal version of Alexandria , Glenn is highly uncomfortable . The party scene a few weeks ago , he was just looking around like it was a weird Hollywood party he 's never been to , like “ What is this ? I need to get out of here. ” And when Noah says he wants to get out , I 'm like no , “ You 're not getting out—you 're only getting out if I 'm getting out . We 're all doing this together if we 're gon na suffer. ” It 's a lot of fun to have that , that 's for sure .
When you have such a big cast there are going to be spells when you 're not as much in the forefront and I was a feeling for a while until these last two episodes like we 're getting enough Glenn . What 's it like when you go through those lighter periods ?
Scott does a great job of letting us know . He 'll say , “ You 're a little light in the front half but you 'll be heavier in the back half ” or “ You 'll have these things to work with. ” Obviously , we would all love as much screen time as we could get—not just because we 're actors and we all want screen time . But more along the lines of , we all want to be able to tell the stories of each character as a show . We want to tell every single person 's character if we could , but there 's just limited time . I think , because of that , it brings an extra challenge , but it keeps you on your toes to make sure that you track your character well because it 's not going to be necessarily done on screen over time .
I think what 's really fun is that you make choices of where your character is at , even if he 's sitting in the back . What is he doing ? How is what 's happening evolving him ? And then you get to a place where they do kind of show what the character is up to and you can bring all that backstory with you . If you are sidelined for a bit , in my philosophy you make it interesting for yourself as well . Throw some things in there , ask Scott if these are cool , and go for it . The most fun I have , to be quite honest , is watching takes and watching people that are n't talking . They 'll determine whether the place is tense or not , or if we 're supposed to be relaxed or having fun as the characters . It 's always fun to catch that as well .
We 've talked about how Glenn has become more of a leader as the series has progressed . But this is really the first time I feel we 've seen Glenn not as more of a leader but as the leader and the one guy to tell everyone else how to get things done .
Yeah , it was good to catch a glimpse of what he probably has been doing for a while . Not in any of the context we 've seen , but you look at the hierarchy and I do n't know if it 's necessarily like , they all determine this is a general , this is a lieutenant , this is a colonel—I think it 's more just everyone lends their own expertise in a way and everyone 's opinion is valid . I think for Glenn , at this point , they trust his opinion because he has been around and been with them for so long . It was nice to show his workspace and I 'm happy that Glenn gets to push himself—that he gets to show his mettle and what he 's made of .
How difficult was it to get to a place where you need to be and the headspace you need to be in to watch a guy get his face ripped off two feet in front of you and while you can see him clear as day , and yet there 's nothing you can do to save him ?
That was a long day . That was in that thing the entire time . What was cool was the great lead up to it . You had everybody commit so hard . We did single takes where we went him entering the revolving door to him getting pulled out . So we ran the entire scene . You know , you get people to kind of keep an eye out for you to tell you if things are going well . And Jennifer Lynch , our director , she 's so fantastic and so supportive , she gave such great notes to align us that way . You look at David Galbraith , who is one of our focus pullers , and if he says something , he 's like , “ Hey good job boys , ” then we 're like “ Yes , we did it . ”
That scene , we ran like three or four times in a row and I remember all of us just putting it all on the floor . Michael , who plays Nicholas , was fantastic , Tyler was fantastic . It was fun to live those moments out , to not be put into a position where you 're just kind of piecemealing things and shooting things out of sequence , but getting to do an entire thing like a play all in one fell swoop—it helps you get into it . I think following that when you get to that gnarly scene where he does get ripped apart ˆthe connection that had been made from before kind of just lingered around that space and that day . It was a long day , but it was well worth it .
Where did that scene stack up in terms of the most difficult ones you 've had to do emotionally ?
It 's up there . I would say this is up there . I felt like a lot of the other situations were very cathartic to kind of lead into that place that there was a loss and it was a reminiscing or a remembrance of somebody , which you can kind of maybe focus in on—whereas this one , there were so many things to process . The shock and horror of physically seeing someone being torn apart , the sadness of losing an actual friend , the anger that comes over him as he realizes why , and who , and how this happened . And then coming to also a piece of realizing that this is the world and that is the world they inhabit and these are things that can happen . There are a lot of things to process .
What 's it like for you to start off on this show as someone with hardly any credits under his belt to now really , one of the leaders not just of the group on screen , but on set as well in terms of one of the few original cast members and someone who sets the tone for everyone else .
I 've learned from really great people . I 'm learned a lot from a lot of people who have graced our show and have come through as directors or camera operators or actors or writers—everybody that 's come through has left a pretty good , positive influence on me . This show , you realize , it 's not easy punching your ticket and then clocking out at the same time . You kind of have to show up and realize that we 're going to shoot a massive set piece movie in eight days and we might not get as many takes as we need or we might not have the liberty of having a comfortable place to work in .
Once people get here and they realize how much fun we 're having and how much we want to make it good , I think people get on board pretty quickly . It 's not that I have to set some sort of tone for people to understand per se . I guess it 's just done it and hopefully they get it and every single time they do . I mean , everybody that I 've talked to so far that comes to the show and then ends up having to leave is always pretty bummed to leave . They love their time here on the show . I ca n't even imagine what it 's like to be on the other side of that .
I 've been on your set a lot and I see what you 're talking about .
It 's its own beast . We have a great president , that 's for sure .
Yeah , that final scene in 515 with Andy rolling around on the street , just watching him in rehearsal blew my mind .
What 's great is that everybody has their own techniques—everybody can get into a moment in their own way and they use their own way . For me , I kind of take bits and pieces from other people , wherever they work . But you understand , when you watch Andy perform , just how much commitment is needed on our show that you literally need to be committed every single moment that you 're on screen because they 're always something going on . There 's rarely nothing going on . And if there 's always something going on , there 's always something to react to or to listen to or to be aware of , and I think Andy sets a great example in that way . The guy is checked in minutes before they start rolling or say action . You see when he 's dialed in and it 's time to either , as a fellow actor , 1 ) Leave him alone or 2 ) Just watch him and be in awe of how much commitment he has . He goes for it . When you see someone do something like that , how can you bring anything short of the same ? Or try to ? So that 's a great influence .
What can you tease as far as what 's coming up in the finale for Glenn ?
I think we 're going to see a ripple effect—see how this affects everybody . In terms of Glenn , if we track back , you realize that he 's kind of having a crisis of conscience at this point . He 's wavering up and down between whether he wants to accept the world as it is and say that in order to function and live in this world you need to be on the far end of the spectrum and say , “ I 'm going to do whatever it takes to survive , regardless of whether it is killing somebody or sacrificing somebody. ” Or you 're going to have a heart and try to lead people to a place where society and humanity still exist . And I think Glenn is wrestling with that . Even in episode 514 , you see him wrestle with leaving Nicholas there . He does n't necessarily want to take him with him—he 's so angry—he realizes that 's part of who he is : He does n't leave people behind or tries not to at all costs . That 's the thing he 's warring with . We 're going to see more of how that part of him is tested and where he lies on that spectrum and where he chooses to lie .
For more ‘ Walking Dead ' scoop , follow Dalton on Twitter @ DaltonRoss .
The Washington State women 's basketball team ( 15-11 , 6-9 ) blewout the Washington Huskies ( 19-8 , 8-7 ) 83-72 in the Alaska Airlines Arena . WSU used a three-point barrage midway through the second half to pull away from the Huskies .
Junior point guard Dawnyelle Awa hit back-to-back three pointers with 8:59 left in the second half to extend the Cougar lead to 11 , 62-54 . Awa 's three pointers came as the Huskies mounted a small comeback to close within seven of the Cougars , it was the closest Washington would get in the second half . Those six points started a 14-0 run for Washington State .
Lia Galdeira , Lou Brown , and Mariah Cooks all hit three pointers during the Cougs run to bury UW .
The Cougars would build on their lead throughout the second half using the three pointer — WSU hit 6-13 three-point shots in the second half . Awa hit all three of her shots from beyond the arc in the second half , and was a major reason that the Cougars were able to pull away from Washington in the second half .
Washington exited the halftime locker room with a five point ( 38-33 ) lead and it appeared that the Huskies had figured out a way to stop WSU 's offensive attack . And the Huskies initially widened their lead shortly after play resumed as Kelsey Plum hit a three pointer . But the Huskies would watch as Galdeira and Tia Presely hit a pair of lay-ups to chip away at their lead .
Presley tied the game when she drove into the lane and hit a contested lay-up , and they gave the Cougars a lead when she hit the and-one . Washington State would n't trail again .
The Cougars started off the game on fire , as they used a 10-0 run to take an early 15-4 lead . Unfortunately for WSU , Washington 's Jazmine Davis went off in the first half and helped Washington retake the lead .
Galdeira scored 23 points — Davis also scored 23 — in the victory , and led WSU . But the key reason for the Cougars blowout victory was the fact that four player scored in double digits : Galdeira ( 23 ) , Presley ( 17 ) , Cooks ( 16 ) , and Awa ( 11 ) . It is nearly impossible to stop the Cougars offensive attack when Presley and Galderia are scoring ; it is impossible if they get scoring help .
The Cougars and Huskies face off again on Sunday at 1 pm in Beasley Coliseum .
[ twitter-follow screen_name='sportswithneil ' ] [ twitter-follow screen_name='nvr93′ ]
The Moms for Marijuana Cannabis Quilt has been stolen ! At approximately 6pm on April 5th , 2013 , while traveling from Dallas , TX to Austin , TX on its way to protest harmful cannabis laws at the Texas State House , the beautiful and powerful cannabis quilt was stolen . Texas chapter leader , Tracy Ansley , stopped at the CVS Drug Store at 2222 Thorton Lane in Irving , Texas , and it was taken from the luggage rack on her car while she was in the store .
Two panels were stolen . The United States panel , 18′ x 24′ and our Unity pane , approximately 8′ x 10′ , are both gone . These quilts weigh close to sixty puonds together and are not easy to just carry around . The quilt represents over two years of dedicated work from more than fifty volunteers across the nation .
Inspired by the tremendous statement and awareness caused by the Aids Memorial Quilt , Moms for Marijuana and other cannabis organizations made a beautiful quilt to represent solidarity and unity for the legalization of cannabis . It was unveiled in Washington , DC last September , with rallies across the country to show support .
Moms for Marijuana has reached out to the entire cannabis community to ask for help for the safe return of the quilt . This is from their Facebook event , created to spread the word :
“ You can share this event . Invite people to it . Share the graphics and the video on this event . You can spread the word and tell every person , every group , every organization you know . You can also email all these media contacts in the Austin/Dallas/Fort Worth areas , and let them know they need to be covering this story to help bring the quilt home ! CBS Dallas : ktvt cbs11tv @ ktvt.com
Wfaa Dallas/Fortworth : http : //www.wfaa.com/on-tv/contact
Fox Dalllas : kdfw @ kdfwfox4.com
Fox Austin ktbc : programming @ fox7.com
Abc Austin kvue : cbarry @ kvue.com and news @ kvue.com
NBC Austin kxan : http : //www.kxan.com/subindex/report_it
CBS Austin keye tv : programming @ keyetv.com
NBC Fort Worth kxas : NBCDFWCC @ nbcuni.com And these major area radio stations :
Klbj radio 93.7 The Rock of Austin : lalloyd @ klbjfm.com , bob @ klbjfm.com , daniel @ klbjfm.com , cj @ klbjfm.com , bdoe @ klbjfm.com , autumn @ klbjfm.com , wendy @ klbjfm.com , loris @ klbjfm.com Lonestar 92.5 Classic Rock ( Irving listening area ) kzps : dondavis @ clearchannel.com , bo @ lonestar925.com , jim @ lonestar925.com , randy @ lonestar925.com , laura @ lonestar925.com , jon @ lonestar925.com , ted @ lonestar925.com Kegl 97.1 The Eagle Dallas Fort Worth Rocks : dondavis @ clearchannel.com , nikki @ sixxsense.com , kerri @ sixxsense.com , chris @ kegl.com , russ @ kegl.com , trey @ kegl.com , dan @ kegl.com , clo @ kegl.com , alfie @ kegl.com , cindy @ kegl.com , psa @ ccdallas.com 98.7 kluv Dallas Ft. Worth : Ron.Harrell @ cbsradio.com If you know of any other media contacts in the Dallas/Fort Worth/Irving/or Austin , Texas area , please contact candace @ momsformarijuana.org . Please watch and share our video : The Cannabis Quilt Has Been Stolen
Thank you all for taking the time to help us bring our Cannabis Quilt Home . ”
If anyone has knowledge of the location of our beautiful cannabis quilt , please email mom @ momsformarijuana.org . No questions asked ! Also , call the Irving Police Department at 972-273-1010 . Please help Moms for Marijuana retrieve this symbol of unity in our community .
On March 1 , 1969 , when the Doors played the Dinner Key Auditorium in Miami , Morrison showed up late , drunk , and in the mood to experiment with confrontational theater . In an antagonistic monologue , he told the crowd , “ Your faces are being pressed into the shit of the world , ” and then later doffed his shirt and asked , “ Do you want to see my cock ? ” Some eyewitnesses swore that he then flashed the audience ; others insist that he tugged at his pants but never actually revealed his lizard . Organist Ray Manzarek ( presumably an expert on the Doors ' organs ) said Morrison was using the shirt as a matador 's cape in front of his crotch , and it was impossible to tell : “ I do n't know if he pulled it out… I think he hypnotized everybody. ” In a trial the following year , Morrison testified that he kept it in his pants , and had even been wearing boxer shorts that night : “ It was kind of unusual , really , because I do n't usually wear undergarments . I got out of the habit four or five years ago. ” Morrison was found guilty of indecent exposure and open profanity , both misdemeanors . His sentence ( six months of hard labor , plus a $ 500 fine ) was on appeal when he died in 1971 .
( Excerpted from the 2006 book Is Tiny Dancer Really Elton 's Little John ? : Music 's Most Enduring Mysteries , Myths , and Rumors Revealed , published by Three Rivers Press , written by Gavin Edwards . )
SAN ANTONIO • Ottawa Fury defender Ryan Richter cleared the benches — coach Dos Santos included — in San Antonio when his goal earned the club a last-gasp draw on a wild night in Texas . It was a thrilling end to a fast paced , open game filled with intense moments .
The Fury , a goal behind since the 11th minute , were almost out of time when Ramon Soria lifted a cross into a crowded penalty box . Oliver was first to the ball but his powerful header was parried by goalkeeper Josh Saunders . In the ensuing scramble , the ball dropped to Tony Donatelli . Saunders was there again to block his shot , but again , he could not hold onto it .
The ball fell to Richter and his shot flew into the net to tie the match in the 90th minute .
The Fury squad erupted . The men on the field mobbed Richter , the substitutes tore over the sidelines to join the celebration . Even coach Marc Dos Santos defied rules that forbid coaches to enter the field , to join in .
The result kept alive the Fury 's slim chances of making the NASL playoffs and temporarily stopped San Antonio from claiming one of the four post-season places .
After the game , Richter revealed this was only his third goal as a professional . By his own admission , Richter – on loan from Toronto FC – did not have one of his better games.Saturday night . He struggled , in particular , to contain San Antonio 's attacking midfielder Julius James .
Dos Santos was boasting about the character of his team after the game .
“ These guys were warriors tonight , ” he said . “ The City of Ottawa looks for teams that fight all the way and that 's what we want to give them . ”
The game was frantic from the first whistle between two teams with much to play for . Early play was scrappy but , with 11 minutes gone , the Scorpions went ahead .
It was a strange goal . Rafael Castillo pumped a 35-yard free kick into the Fury penalty area that evaded lunging defenders and the stretching legs of attackers , bounced once and skidded into the back of the net untouched .
That appeared to unnerve the Fury who picked up three yellow cards in 10 minutes . The halftime chat put an end to that . Ottawa regained its composure and began to gain control of the ball in midfield , slowing the San Antonio attack .
The hunt for the equalizer required taking more risks . Dos Santos also sent in Tony Donatelli , Vini Dantas and Oliver who breathed fresh life into the visitors . Both goalkeepers had to be sharp to counter attacks and Fury central defender Mason Trafford needed to be smart to head one effort off his line .
The longer the game went , the greater the intensity .
After the whistle went the Fury celebrated a point well earned on a tough night in Texas .
Ottawa next head to New York for an Oct. 11 game against the Cosmos . The team then returns home for a match against Edmonton on Oct. 18 followed by their final home game of the 2014 season on Oct. 26 against the Indy Eleven .
The 1-1 deadlock keeps the Fury 's playoff hopes alive . The Fury are now 7 points behind the fourth place Carolina Railhawks in the combined standings . There are three other teams also chasing the Railhawks closely : New York , Fort Lauderdale and Tampa Bay .
The tie in Texas also ran the Fury 's undefeated string on the road to four games .
A powerful bomb hidden in a sewage tanker exploded in the morning rush hour in the center of Kabul on Wednesday , killing at least 80 people , wounding hundreds more and damaging embassy buildings , including Canada 's , in the Afghan capital 's unofficial `` Green Zone . ''
The victims of the explosion at a busy intersection appeared mainly to have been Afghan civilians on their way to work or school , including office workers whose nearby buildings did not have the protection of the blast walls that fortify the zone .
The blast , at the start of the holy month of Ramadan , was one of the deadliest seen in Kabul , Deputy Interior Minister Murad Ali said .
Story continues below advertisement
A huge crater was caused at the blast site close to the German embassy compound , tearing the front off a building facing the street and shattering windows and blowing off doors in houses hundreds of meters away .
Analysis : Kabul bombing a reminder that war for Afghanistan is far from over
Related : A timeline of major attacks on Kabul in the past year
In photos : Scores killed in Kabul bombing
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said some embassy staff had been injured and at least one local security guard was killed .
`` Such attacks do not change our resolve in continuing to support the Afghan government in the stabilization of the country , '' Gabriel said .
The neighbourhood is considered Kabul 's safest area , with foreign embassies protected by dozens of 10-foot-high blast walls and government offices , guarded by police and national security forces . The German Embassy , the Foreign Ministry and the Presidential Palace are all in the area , as are the British and the Canadian embassies . The Chinese , Turkish and Iranian embassies are also located there .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A Western official based in Kabul told The Globe and Mail that several embassies – including Canada 's – had been damaged in the blast and that some diplomatic staff would be forced to either leave Kabul , or relocate to other facilities until repairs are completed .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement that the Canadian government is deeply saddened by the news that dozens of people were killed and hundreds others injured in a suicide attack near the diplomatic quarter of Kabul .
Although the first floor of the Canadian embassy sustained significant damage , there was minimal impact to the rest of the building and all embassy employees have been accounted for and are safe , said Ms. Freeland .
The timing of the `` cowardly attack '' during the holy month of Ramadan was deliberate and intended to target civilians and foreign service workers from some of our closest allies , she said .
`` Canadian diplomats and our local staff , today and every day , continue to show the utmost resolve and courage in their work , which is essential , '' said Ms. Freeland .
`` Together with our international partners we will never cease in our efforts to prevent violent extremism and to bring perpetrators of such violence to justice , '' she said . `` Today , I also say to the Afghan people that they can continue to count on Canadians ' unwavering support . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Damage was also reported at the embassies of China , Turkey , France , India and Japan , according to officials from those countries . Other nearby embassies include those of the U.S. , Britain , Pakistan and Iran , as well as the NATO mission .
Nine Afghan guards at the U.S. Embassy were killed and 11 American contractors were wounded , with one Afghan guard missing , according to a U.S. State Department official , who was not authorized to talk publicly on the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity . None of the wounded Americans appeared to have life-threatening injuries , the official said .
The BBC said one of its drivers was killed and four of its journalists were wounded . Afghanistan 's private TOLO Television also reported a staffer killed .
Basir Mujahid , a spokesman for the city police , said the explosives were hidden in a sewage truck . He also suggested that the German embassy might not have been the target of the blast , which sent clouds of black smoke into the sky near the presidential palace .
`` There are several other important compounds and offices near there too , '' he told Reuters .
No group had claimed responsibility by Wednesday evening but Afghanistan 's main intelligence agency , the National Directorate for Security , said it had been carried out by the Taliban-affiliated Haqqani network with assistance from Pakistan .
Story continues below advertisement
Both Pakistan and Afghanistan regularly accuse each other of supporting militant groups operating across the border .
The Taliban , seeking to reimpose Islamic rule after their 2001 ouster by U.S.-led forces , denied responsibility and said they condemned attacks that have no legitimate target and killed civilians .
Islamic State , a smaller militant group in Afghanistan seeking to project its claim to a global Islamic caliphate beyond its Middle East base , has previously claimed responsibility for high-profile attacks in Kabul , including one on a military hospital in March that killed more than 50 people .
The NATO-led mission in Kabul said Afghan security forces prevented the vehicle carrying the bomb from entering the Green Zone , which houses many foreign embassies as well as its own headquarters , also suggesting it may not have reached its intended target .
In the immediate aftermath of the blast , the scene was littered with burning debris , damaged walls and buildings , and destroyed cars , many with dead or injured people inside .
`` FELT LIKE AN EARTHQUAKE ''
Story continues below advertisement
At the Wazir Akbar Khan hospital a few blocks away from the blast , there were scenes of chaos as ambulances brought in wounded . Frantic relatives scanned casualty lists .
`` It felt like an earthquake , '' said 21-year-old Mohammad Hassan , describing the moment the blast struck the bank where he was working .
Another lightly wounded victim , Nabib Ahmad , 27 , said there was widespread confusion .
`` I could n't think clearly , there was a mess everywhere , '' he said .
Frenzy erupted outside the hospital as ambulances and police trucks began bringing in the bodies of those killed . Some were burned or mutilated beyond recognition .
President Ashraf Ghani condemned the attack , which will add to pressure on his fragile government , already facing mounting discontent over its inability to provide security .
Story continues below advertisement
The attack drew international condemnation , ranging from India and Pakistan to the United States , the European Union and Pope Francis .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the attack , saying that `` terrorism has no borders . ''
It `` targets all of us — whether in Manchester or Berlin , Paris , Istanbul , St. Petersburg or today in Kabul , '' she said in the southern German city of Nuremberg .
U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Ghani after the attack , and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it was a `` senseless and cowardly act . ''
`` The United States stands with the government and the people of Afghanistan and will continue to support their efforts to achieve peace , security , and prosperity for their country , '' Tillerson said in a statement .
The United Nations Special Representative in Afghanistan , Tadamichi Yamamoto , described the attack as an outrage .
Amnesty International demanded an immediate and impartial investigation .
The Taliban have been stepping up their push to defeat the U.S.-backed government . Since most international troops withdrew at the end of 2014 , the Taliban have gained ground and now control or contest about 40 percent of the country , according to U.S. estimates , though Ghani 's government holds all provincial centers .
Trump is due to decide soon on a recommendation to send 3,000 to 5,000 more troops to bolster the small NATO training force and U.S. counter-terrorism mission now totalling around 15,000 .
The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , General John Nicholson , told a Congressional hearing this year he needed several thousand more troops to help Afghan forces break a `` stalemate '' with the Taliban .
Marissa Mayer says Google was like , not serious about that 'Do n't be evil , ' mission statement .
`` It really was n't like an elected , ordained motto , '' Mayer told the Sydney Morning Herald . `` I think that 'Do n't Be Evil ' is a very easy thing to point at when you see Google doing something that you personally do n't like ;
it 's a very easy thing to point out so it does get targeted a lot . ''
Well , it may not have been ordained , but it sure looks official . The company 's `` Ten Things '' philosophy includes the point `` You can make money without doing evil , '' ( thing No . 6 ) ; an employee code of conduct is topped off with the famous phrase ; and the do no evil mantra also plays a prominent role in the prospectus Google sent to bankers and investors before the company went public .
But then again , when Google first wrote up its corporate philosophy , it said that the company `` does not do horoscopes , financial adviceor chat . ''
Photo : Flickr/jdlasica
Hi , everyone . Have some news !
BALL PIT
As many of you have likely just seen , we 've at last released Ball Pit exclusively to our Kickstarter backers . Everyone who donated at the $ 12 Reward level and higher should have just received , or will very soon receive , an email from us—specifically , from `` info @ paulandstorm.com '' —that includes your own personal download code for you to get your copy via Bandcamp . Besides being a cool site that 's easy to navigate , Bandcamp offers a wide selection of audio formats , so even our most finicky audiophile fans should be covered . : )
If you do n't receive your download code from us , double-check your spam folders , and make sure you donated at a Reward level of $ 12 or higher ; finally , confirm that you 've filled out your information in Pledge Manager . ( And according to our records , a good number of you have not done so yet . ) Otherwise , please contact us and we 'll make sure you get squared away ASAP .
We 're digitally releasing Ball Pit to the general public on Monday , July 21st ( the same day that , BTW , we 'll be appearing on @ midnight on Comedy Central , neato ! ) We 're stupid levels of excited about this CD ; it 's got a bunch of new songs , a number of existing songs that had n't been released on CD yet ( all of which received varying degrees of remixing and/or re-recording ) , as well as a 6-song sampling of the upcoming RPG App , `` SoundBard '' , including several previously unreleased tracks .
And speaking of SoundBard ...
SOUNDBARD
With the exception of a few tracks from some surprise guests , recording is COMPLETE for the SoundBard songlets and sounds . There are currently going to be a total of 177 separate songs and sounds in SoundBard ( a slight increase over the originally-promised 75 ) , plus a few cool bonus elements we 're keeping secret for the moment . ( So coy of us ! ) The guys at TinkerHouse Games continue to develop the snot out of it , and the artwork coming in from Scott Kurtz looks awesome . It 's our ( tentative ) hope and expectation that SoundBard will be released August 2014 . ( And as with Ball Pit , our Kickstarter backers will get first crack at it before everyone else . ) And as promised , it 'll be available for iOS , Android , and Windows 8.1 .
ORDER FULFILLMENT AND ADD-ONS
Now that Ball Pit and SoundBard are finally sent off to the elves to be made into metaphorical shoes , we can concentrate in earnest on all the various other things we 've promised to send our various reward levels—lyric doodles , hand turkeys , signed CDs and posters , ball pit balls , etc . etc .
In order to properly prepare for that , we will be closing all new add-on orders on Tuesday , July 22 at 5 pm EDT . Between now and then , you may still add on any available items via your Pledge Manager account . ( And if you still have n't activated your Pledge Manager account , you should do that really soon . ) This will allow us to get accurate numbers for manufacturing .
Over the next few weeks , the two of us will spend several `` crafternoons '' together drawing lyric doodles , gluing yarn hair to ball pit balls , composing poems and haiku , signing a crapton of CDs and posters , and filming videos to fulfill our various video rewards ( whispering at our pets , shouting in a pool , singing in a ball pit , saying nice things about several of you to Adam Savage and `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , etc. ) . We 'll keep you posted as to our progress .
Once again , we greatly appreciate your continued patience during this process . We know you 've been waiting a long time for many of these products—so have we ! We will do our utmost to get them mailed out to you in as timely a manner as we can . Please note that , for those of you who have ordered certain additional physical creative products ( hardcopies of The PaulandStormonomicon , etc . ) , those orders will take longer to get to you .
Also , anyone who ordered Extra Balls , please note : because it 's going to take quite some time to complete ( due to the complicated nature of coordinating schedules with 14-15 other performers ) , we will be mailing out the physical copies of Extra Balls separately from the remainder of everyone 's order . We figured this would be preferable to your waiting , possibly numerous months , for all your other stuff . Unfortunately , we ca n't do this with every order/item ( e.g. , send out Ball Pit now , send the PaulandStormonomicon later and Extra Balls even later , etc . ) because the extra postage would rapidly add up and capsize the good ship Paul and Storm ; there are 2,216 of you , after all . But again , we greatly appreciate your support and understanding as we continue to make all the awesome stuff .
Speaking of which ... coming very , very soon : MUSIC VIDEOS !
P & S
Dirty Bandits for The Washington Post
Bill Bishop is co-author , with Robert Cushing , of `` The Big Sort : Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart . '' He lives in La Grange , Texas .
The easiest sell of President Trump 's life is that a “ corrupt ” media produces “ fake news. ” After all , fewer than 2 in 10 Americans have “ a lot ” of trust in news organizations , the Pew Research Center has found , and we live in a “ Matrix ” -infused “ conspiracy culture , ” according to social scientists , where one is thought to be impossibly simple to not understand that the world is ruled by collusion and machination .
Trump has helped make trust a big deal for media types , and they are now searching for ways to regain the faith of their readers . To combat the “ fake news ” charge , the New York Times , for example , is running full-page ads and even bought a television spot during the Oscars declaring that “ the truth is more important now than ever. ” For some , the problem is that journalists have allowed too much of their personalities to creep into their work . Pittsburgh Post-Gazette editor David Shribman prescribes “ less analysis and more reporting , less personality and more facts. ” For others , there 's a need to demonstrate that journalists are not faceless elites but real people . Washington Post opinion writer Dana Milbank wrote of his newsroom colleagues : “ They hail from all corners of this country , from farms and small towns , the children of immigrants and factory workers , preachers and teachers. ” But even local papers , the ones most closely connected to their readers , are struggling to defend their integrity . One editor of a rural California paper accepted an op-ed about the danger of “ fake news ” in an attempt to instill some faith among the anti-press crowd .
You can hear similarly fretful discussions in dozens of other professions . The president has maligned politicians , scientists , judges , teachers , labor union leaders and intelligence officials , among others . “ Donald Trump 's most damaging legacy may be a lower-trust America , ” the Economist 's Lexington column predicted . Trust in American institutions , however , has been in decline for some time . Trump is merely feeding on that sentiment .
The leaders of once-powerful institutions are desperate to resurrect the faith of the people they serve . They act like they have misplaced a credit card and must find the number so that a replacement can be ordered and then FedEx-ed , if possible overnight .
But that delivery truck is never coming . The decline in trust is n't because of what the press ( or politicians or scientists ) did or did n't do . Americans did n't lose their trust because of some particular event or scandal . And trust ca n't be regained with a new app or even an outbreak of competence . To believe so is to misunderstand what was lost .
In 1964 , 3 out of 4 Americans trusted their government to do the right thing most of the time . By 1976 , that number had dropped to 33 percent . It was a decline that political scientist Walter Dean Burnham described as “ among the largest ever recorded in opinion surveys . ”
Of course , that intervening period brought a series of tumultuous events : the expansion of the war in Vietnam , the Watts riots of '65 , the civil rights movement and , then , assassinations and Watergate . These affairs have served as shorthand explanations for our decline in trust . After all , who could trust an incompetent government that brought us scandal , riots and an unpopular war ?
There are at least two problems with this explanation . First , the decline in trust in government has been accompanied by falling trust in nearly every institution . Why should a riot in Watts lead to distrust of organized labor ? Yes , the news of the day caused fluctuations in how Americans felt about their institutions . The Watergate scandal caused Americans to lose faith in their government . Conversely , after the country was attacked on 9/11 , trust in government soared and people went back to church . After the impact of scandal and threat faded , however , the long-term trends returned .
Second , the erosion has n't been confined to the United States . “ Declining trust in government has spread across almost all advanced industrial democracies since the 1960s/1970s , ” writes political scientist Russell Dalton . “ Regardless of political history , electoral system , or style of government , most contemporary publics are less trustful of government than they were in the era of their grandparents . ”
We have n't simply changed our attitudes . We 've voted with our feet , walking away from the institutions we supported for generations .
For instance , historian Martin Marty describes a “ seismic shift ” in religion . “ From the birth of the republic until around 1965 , as is well known , the churches now called mainline Protestant tended to grow with every census or survey , ” Marty wrote . And then , the pews started to empty . The six largest Protestant denominations together lost 5.6 million members — a fifth to a third of their membership — between 1965 and 1990 .
And civic engagement has declined . Harvard 's Robert Putnam has counted the drop in members of the Lions , the League of Women Voters and , famously , bowling leagues beginning in the mid-'60s . The decline of these associations brought about a decrease in consistent social connections . Society began to fray .
The changes that seemed to erupt suddenly in the early 1960s actually began long before and moved slowly at first , as the globe shrank and societies modernized . As far back as the 1600s , travelers confronted by new cultures and novel deities began to question their own societies ' rules and institutions . “ Not a tradition which escapes challenge , not an idea , however familiar , which is not assailed ; not an authority that is allowed to stand , ” historian Paul Hazard wrote . “ Institutions of every kind are demolished , and negation is the order of the day. ” This was the Enlightenment , a turning away from tradition and an anointing of reason , scientific inquiry and individualism .
Rising incomes and the welfare state brought Enlightenment individuality to the people . Political scientist Ron Inglehart proposed in the 1970s that as societies grow wealthier and less concerned about basic survival , we should expect a shift from communal to individual values : People express themselves more and trust authorities less .
Everything about modern life works against community and trust . Globalization and urbanization put people in touch with the different and the novel . Our economy rewards initiative over conformity , so that the weight of convention and tradition does n't squelch the latest gizmo from coming to the attention of the next Bill Gates . Whereas parents in the 1920s said it was most important for their children to be obedient , that quality has declined in importance , replaced by a desire for independence and autonomy . Widespread education gives people the tools to make up their own minds . And technology offers everyone the chance to be one 's own reporter , broadcaster and commentator .
We have become , in Polish sociologist Zygmunt Bauman 's description , “ artists of our own lives , ” ignoring authorities and booting traditions while turning power over to the self . The shift in outlook has been all-encompassing . It has changed the purpose of marriage ( once a practical arrangement , now a means of personal fulfillment ) . It has altered the relationship between citizens and the state ( an all-volunteer fighting force replacing the military draft ) . It has transformed the understanding of art ( craftsmanship and assessment are out ; free-range creativity and self-promotion are in ) . It has even inverted the orders of humanity and divinity ( instead of obeying a god , now we choose one ) .
People enjoy their freedoms . There 's no clamoring for a return to gray flannel suits and deferential housewives . Constant social retooling and choice come with costs , however . Without the authority and guidance of institutions to help order their lives , many people feel overwhelmed and adrift . “ Depression is truly our modern illness , ” writes French sociologist Alain Ehrenberg , with rates 20 to 30 times what they were just two generations ago .
Sustained collective action has also become more difficult . Institutions are turning to behavioral “ nudges , ” hoping to move an increasingly suspicious public to do what once could be accomplished by command or law . As groups based on tradition and consistent association dwindle , they are being replaced by “ event communities , ” temporary gatherings that come and go without long-term commitment ( think Burning Man ) . The protests spawned by Trump 's election are more about passion than organization and focus . Today 's demonstrations are sometimes compared to civil-rights-era marches , but they have more in common with L.A. 's Sunset Strip riots of 1966 , when more than 1,000 young people gathered to object to a 10 p.m. curfew . “ There 's something happening here , ” goes the Buffalo Springfield song “ For What It 's Worth , ” commemorating the riots . “ What it is ai n't exactly clear. ” In our new politics , expression is a purpose itself .
A polarized and distrustful electorate may stymie the national government , but locally most communities are either overwhelmingly Republican or Democratic . In 2016 , 8 out of 10 U.S. counties gave either Trump or Hillary Clinton a landslide victory . In these increasingly homogenous communities , nobody need to bother about compromise and the trust it requires . From anti-abortion measures to laws governing factory farming , the policy action is taking place where majorities can do what they want without dealing with “ those people ” who live the next state over or a few miles down the road . At last count , 1 in 4 Americans supports the idea of their state seceding from the union .
Solutions and action shrink to the size of the individual . Increasing numbers of New York state parents have been holding their children out of end-of-year school tests in a kind of DIY education reform . In some Los Angeles schools , so many parents opt out of the vaccination regime that inoculation rates are on a par with South Sudan 's as people make their own scientific judgments . The “ we medicine ” of community health , writes Donna Dickenson , is replaced by the “ me medicine ” of individual genetic testing , tailored drug regimes and all manner of personal “ enhancement ” technologies . And where once antitrust laws were used to break up monopolies in food markets , Michael Pollan concludes that today , we must “ vote with our fork . ”
These are all penny-in-a-burned-out-fuse solutions that do n't touch the big issues , such as economic inequality and climate change . They also avoid the question that now demands an answer : How does an increasingly diverse society govern itself democratically ?
Political scientists tell us that democracies require a little faith . To engage with others , you have to believe that if you lose a contest or a debate , the winner will treat you equitably ; that if the other side wins , it will act within the law and not send its opponents off to jail . You have to assume that institutions will be fair and that leaders will act in the country 's best interest .
“ Are n't you concerned , Sir , ” CNN 's Jim Acosta asked Trump at last month 's news conference , “ that you are undermining the people 's faith in the First Amendment , freedom of the press , the press in [ this ] country , when you call stories you do n't like fake news ? ”
Trump responded : “ The public does n't believe you people anymore . Now maybe I had something to do with that . I do n't know . But they do n't believe you . If you were straight and really told it like it is . . . I would be your biggest booster . ”
The president is right that they do n't believe . But he 's wrong to take credit for it — and wrong to suggest that there 's much that can be done .
In the 1980s , attorney Gary Reback was working at Sun Microsystems , then a young technology startup . A pack of IBM employees in blue suits showed up at Sun headquarters seeking royalties for 7 patents that IBM claimed Sun had infringed . The Sun employees , having examined the patents , patiently explained that six of the seven patents were likely invalid , and Sun clearly had n't infringed the seventh . Reback explains what happened next in this classic Forbes article :
An awkward silence ensued . The blue suits did not even confer among themselves . They just sat there , stonelike . Finally , the chief suit responded . `` OK , '' he said , `` maybe you do n't infringe these seven patents . But we have 10,000 U.S. patents . Do you really want us to go back to Armonk [ IBM headquarters in New York ] and find seven patents you do infringe ? Or do you want to make this easy and just pay us $ 20 million ? '' After a modest bit of negotiation , Sun cut IBM a check , and the blue suits went to the next company on their hit list .
This story sheds light on the recent string of stories about Microsoft demanding royalty payments from various companies that produce smart phones built on Google 's Android operating system . Intuitively , this does n't make much sense . Most people would say that Google has been more innovative than Microsoft in recent years—especially in the mobile phone market—so why is Microsoft the one collecting royalties ?
The reason is that Microsoft has more patents than Google . A lot more . The patent office has awarded Google about 700 patents in its 13-year lifetime . Microsoft has received 700 patents in the last four months . Microsoft 's total portfolio is around 18,000 patents , and most of those were granted within the last decade .
Even if you think Microsoft is more innovative than Google , the engineers in Redmond obviously have n't been 25 times as innovative as those in Mountain View . So why the huge discrepancy ?
Getting software patents takes a lot of work , but it 's not primarily engineering effort . The complexity of software and low standards for patent eligibility mean that software engineers produce potentially patentable ideas all the time . But most engineers do n't think of these relatively trivial ideas as `` inventions '' worthy of a patent . What 's needed to get tens of thousands of patents is a re-education campaign to train engineers to write down every trivial idea that pops into their heads , and a large and disciplined legal bureaucracy to turn all those ideas into patent applications .
Creating such a bureaucracy has a high opportunity cost for small , rapidly growing companies . Most obviously , it requires spending scarce capital on patent lawyers . But it also means pulling engineers away from doing useful work to help lawyers translate their `` inventions '' into legal jargon . And that , in turn requires a shift in corporate culture . Startups are innovative precisely because they avoid getting bogged down in paperwork . Convincing engineers to pay more attention to patent applications necessarily means that they spend less time doing useful work , and that can be fatal to a young startup .
The opportunity costs to getting patents is much lower for mature software companies like Microsoft or IBM . They tend to have more money and engineers than they know what to do with . And their software development processes are already slow and bureaucratic . So it 's much easier to add a `` fill out patent applications '' step to the official software development process , and the negative effect on engineers ' productivity is much smaller .
These differences are exacerbated by the long time lag between when applications are filed and patents are granted . Most of the 52 patents Microsoft received this week were filed between 2006 and 2008 . One was filed as early as 2003 . In 2006 , Microsoft had been steadily cranking out patent applications for years , while Google was only just becoming large and profitable enough justify devoting serious resources to patent filings . So even if Google cranks up its patenting machine to Microsoft 's level this year , it wo n't start seeing the fruits of that effort until around 2015 .
You might think Google could deal with this by just not infringing Microsoft 's patents , but that 's not how software patents work . Android has roughly 10 million lines of code . Auditing 10 million lines of code for compliance with 18,000 patents is an impossible task—especially because the meaning of a patent 's claims are often not clear until after they have been litigated . Most Silicon Valley companies do n't even try to avoid infringing patents . They just ignore them and hope they 'll be able to afford good lawyers when the inevitable lawsuits arrive .
So Android , like every large software product on the planet , infringes numerous Microsoft patents . And Microsoft is taking full advantage . They 're visiting Android licensees and giving the same sales pitch Reback remembers from a quarter century ago . `` Do you really want us to go back to Redmond and find patents you infringe ? Or do you want to make this easy and just pay us ? '' Once again , many of the targets are writing checks to make the problem go away .
The result is a transfer of wealth from young , growing , innovative companies like Google to mature , bureaucratic companies like Microsoft and IBM—precisely the opposite of the effect the patent system is supposed to have .
Between the revelations of mega-hacks of Yahoo and others , Russia 's meddling in the US electoral system , and the recent spike in ransomware , it 's easy to look at 2016 as a bleak year for security . It was n't all so , though . In fact , the last 12 months have seen significant strides in one of the most important aspects of personal security of all : encryption .
End-to-end encryption , which ensures that the only people who can see your communications are you and the person on the receiving end , certainly is n't new . But in 2016 , encryption went mainstream , reaching billions of people all over the world . Even more significantly , it overcame its most aggressive legal challenge yet , in a prolonged standoff between Apple and the FBI . And just this week , a Congressional committee affirmed the importance of encryption , giving hope that future laws around the topic will include at least a modicum of sanity .
There 's still a long way to go , and any gains that were made could potentially be rolled back , but for now it 's worth taking a step back to appreciate just how far encryption came this year . As far as silver linings go , you could do a lot worse .
Apple Bites Back
In February of this year , a California magistrate ordered Apple to help the FBI get into an iPhone used by San Bernadino shooter Syed Rizwan Farook . Apple said no .
What followed was a nearly two-month stand-off between the FBI and Apple , one that saw both parties make their cases in court and in front of Congress alike . The core issue was n't whether Apple would help law enforcement ; it does so regularly . It was whether Apple would create a tool that would weaken the iPhone 's encryption at the FBI 's behest . To do so would have both created special access that bad actors could also have exploited , and set a dangerous precedent . This would not have been—and likely still wo n't be—the FBI 's last request .
“ The FBI thought they had picked the perfect test case , ” says Andrew Crocker , staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation . Because it involved a terrorist attack , public sympathy seemed likely to be on the FBI 's side . And to some degree it was ; Donald Trump , at the time a long-shot GOP primary nominee , went so far as to call for a ban on Apple products .
What happened instead , though , is that Apple was able to effectively mount its case not just in the courtroom , but for the public . In the process , it explained what encryption is , and why it 's important , in ways that many iPhone owners may never otherwise have bothered to consider .
“ The level of public engagement did a lot to improve the understanding of encryption , ” Crocker says . “ There 's a net benefit of having educated the public . ”
There ultimately was no ruling in the case , as the FBI found a way into Farook 's iPhone without Apple 's help . In a way , that 's a shame , because a decision in Apple 's favor could have helped cement the separation between tech companies and law enforcement . Still , it brought encryption to the forefront of public consciousness , and put the rest of Silicon Valley on alert .
“ It backfired [ for the FBI ] because it put a deep freeze on law enforcement 's relationship with the tech companies and with civil society , ” says Nathan White , senior legislative manager with Access Now .
That broader awareness also could n't have come at a better time . Just a week after the Apple-FBI imbroglio finally ended , encrypted messaging blew up on a whole new scale .
Encryption For All
In early April , WhatsApp added end-to-end encryption to its popular messaging service . That includes messages , phone calls , photos , and videos . WhatsApp , it should be said , has over a billion users .
Better still , it rolled out encryption the right way . It 's enabled by default , meaning that two WhatsApp users are instantly secure in their communications without having to change a single setting . And it used the Signal Protocol , developed by Open Whisper Systems and widely acknowledged as the most reliable and secure end-to-end encryption available , to undergird its system . ( Apple iMessage has offered end-to-end encryption for several years , but it has several known weaknesses not present in Signal . )
A few months later , Facebook announced that it would roll out end-to-end encryption as well for its popular Messenger platform . Its “ secret conversations , ” also based on Signal Protocol , launched in October to another billion users . Facebook 's approach is n't quite as sturdy as WhatsApps ; people need to opt in , rather that encryption being on by default . Still , it 's a large-scale deployment that not only expands encryption 's reach , but helps normalize it .
“ By rolling out end-to-end encryption in a very user friendly way , these companies are taking steps to protect people but also exposing people to security without overwhelming them , ” says White . ”
WhatsApp and Facebook are n't alone . Google 's Allo messaging app and Duo video app offer opt-in , end-to-end encryption , also using Signal smarts . An app called Viber , which does n't have much of a US foothold but has 700 million users around the world , switched on its own end-to-end encryption in April . And the Signal app itself , the gold standard in encrypted messaging , saw downloads increase 400 percent following Donald Trump 's presidential win .
I do think we have to be vigilant . Andrew Crocker , Electronic Frontier Foundation
If anything , 2016 is the year encrypted messaging became a default offering . The next step ? To have it be a default setting as well , rather than an opt-in for which users have to dig .
“ If you teach the public that it 's not something they should be using by default and considered normal , you sort of stigmatize it , ” says Crocker . “ It seems like something they should only use when they have something to hide . ”
For now , though , they at least have the option . And hopefully will far into the future as well .
What Comes Next
While 2016 was a banner year for encryption , it 's uncertain what 2017 will bring . Trump opposed Apple , and has expressed a strong interest in vigorous use of surveillance powers . And the most encryption-based legislation to work through Congress was immediately derided as “ ludicrous , dangerous , [ and ] technically illiterate . ”
“ Not to be too pessimistic , ” says Crocker , “ But I do think we have to be vigilant. ” The next Apple-FBI case could show up any day , with guarantees how it will shake out .
There 's some hope , though , that the encryption gains made in 2016 have a chance to continue . Just this week , the US Congress Encryption Working Group released a report saying that “ any measure that weakens encryption works against the national interest. ” It 's as strong an endorsement from a bipartisan group as you 're likely to see .
“ The report makes it clear that Congress is not going to move forward with legislation to weaken encryption , ” says White , who points out that the Chairman of the House Judiciary committee was one of the report 's signatories . That should minimize the chances of anti-encryption laws making their way through Congress .
It 's not a firm guarantee , and who knows what a Trump administration will bring . For now , though , it 's enough to appreciate the gains encryption made in 2016 , and be hopeful that 2017 will only build on them .
Image copyright Northamptonshire Police Image caption How did a popular young woman end up in a taxi with a much older man with an obsession for wearing latex gloves ?
A seemingly kind passer-by stopped to help a distressed woman outside a nightclub . But far from being a helping hand , Edward Tenniswood was a calculated obsessive who lured India Chipchase to her death in his plastic sheet-covered home . How did it happen ?
`` India Eve Chipchase please let me know you 're ok please darling ... love you xxxcc . '' By the time Suzanne Chipchase posted this short message on Facebook , her daughter was already dead .
When police broke down the door of a rented terraced home in Northampton , they found the clothed body of 20-year-old India lying on a mattress on the floor of the front bedroom .
Her body was covered with a plastic sheet . Two glasses sat on a tray nearby . The bedside light had been left on .
One of the officers who found her initially shook her , saying `` wake up it 's the police '' .
But India , who had been raped and throttled , was dead .
Image copyright SBNA Image caption India Chipchase 's blood was found on surgical-style gloves used by Tenniswood
Image copyright Northamptonshire police Image caption Grant Hare said he and India were `` not quite boyfriend and girlfriend ''
Earlier that evening , India had been on a Friday night out with friends , drinking and laughing as well as getting angry about the state of an on-off relationship .
At NB 's nightclub in Northampton , she bought a round of Jagerbombs for her companions , who said she was dancing and `` having a good time '' . But as the night wore on , her mood darkened .
Friend Alice Lewis said India got upset and had `` a 30-second outburst '' about her romance with Grant Hare .
`` She just told me they were n't speaking much anymore , '' said Ms Lewis . `` She was upset . ''
Later , Harry Moylan and Ms Lewis noticed India had disappeared from the club . `` We thought she 'd either gone home , or met up with other friends , '' Mr Moylan said .
She had n't met up with other friends , and she never made it home .
In fact , India was outside . She told door staff she wanted `` to go home '' , so one of the security team found her a taxi .
The driver , Andrew Birkenshaw , saw India was the worse for drink and asked for the fare in advance .
India certainly was n't going to pay ahead of the journey , Mr Birkenshaw recounted . He said she `` got angry and threw a wobbly '' before leaving the cab .
Instead , she went back towards the club and was refused re-entry as she was deemed to be too drunk .
Was there a duty of care ?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Tenniswood ( r ) claimed he and India ( l ) developed a bond outside the club
If India Chipchase had been allowed back into NB 's club , she might have rejoined her friends and still be alive today .
The club acted within the law in refusing her re-entry . Its own website states it `` operates a zero tolerance towards binge drinking '' , urges its clientele to consider their state of health before a night out and `` reserves the right to refuse entry at all times '' .
But it also advertises `` drinks starting at just £1 '' and asks its punters whether they are `` brave enough to get DELIRIOUS with us ? ''
Asked by the BBC whether it might have done more for India or whether there was a double standard in its drinks promotion and binge drinking stance , the club has yet to respond .
Rachel Griffin , of the Suzy Lamplugh Trust , while unable to comment on India 's specific case , said : `` Nightclubs and bars , which profit from people going out and having a good time , have a duty of care to their customers .
`` This should include having a policy of looking out for people who may have become separated from their friends or those whom others may seek to take advantage of if they appear vulnerable . ''
It is increasingly common for taxis and minicabs to ask for up-front payments to protect drivers from dodged fares , although some places such as Birmingham banned the practice on the grounds it could put vulnerable people at greater risk .
`` We have called for a long time for more standardised , national practice for taxis and private hire vehicles ( minicabs ) so that passengers know what to expect when they use them , '' Ms Griffin added .
`` It has to be safer for passengers , who believe they are taking the safe option of getting a taxi or minicab home , to have the confidence that they wo n't be turned away if they ca n't pay in advance - or that they will be able to stop to get cash on the way home .
`` Even better would be for passengers to be able to pay by card as standard . ''
Image copyright Northamptonshire Police Image caption This grainy CCTV footage shows Tenniswood and India getting into a taxi
At about 01:00 GMT , India was spotted by Christopher Christon who was awaiting a ride home with his wife Jacqueline near the club .
`` She seemed quite distressed , '' he said . `` I think she was trying to get through to someone ( on her phone ) . It seemed like she was crying . ''
An older man wearing a duffel jacket and a rucksack got `` all the way up '' to India , he said .
`` He asked if she was OK , '' Mr Christon added . `` He put his arm around her and said , 'We 'll make sure we 'll get you home in a taxi , safely ' . ''
The time was 01:15 GMT . The man was Tenniswood , who was heard telling her to put her phone in her bag .
The hair was displayed . Instead of being down , it was pulled up and around - sort of halo PC Steven Knight , Northamptonshire Police
Tenniswood claimed they had developed a `` bond '' outside the nightclub . He said he told her : `` Well I 'm going to get a cab home and a drink at my place , you 're very welcome to come if you want to . ''
He claims she said `` yes '' and they got into a taxi together .
The driver of that taxi - Azzizula Miagan - thought both Tenniswood and India seemed `` drunk '' . Tenniswood did almost all the talking .
Tenniswood - who claimed to be `` lucky enough to have had some extremely attractive girlfriends , some of whom are fashion models '' - did n't give his actual address , asking instead for them to be dropped off some distance away .
India and Tenniswood were then seen walking down Stanley Road by Patrick Francis , who was smoking a cigarette in the street .
`` The man started helping the woman across the road , he was leading her by the arm , '' he said .
`` He opened the door and guided her in . ''
Inside 6 Stanley Road
Image copyright OTHER Image caption Tenniswood 's computer was covered with cling film , he said , in order to save him the `` rigmarole '' of cleaning
Tenniswood was a `` meticulous '' loner , whose home revealed an obsession with cleanliness , laid bare for all to see in an estate agent 's property pictures .
His landlord had tried to sell 6 Stanley Road - Tenniswood 's home since 2010 . Photographs of the three-bedroom house revealed an interior covered in plastic sheets , food bowls covered with plates and newspaper on the floor .
There was nowhere to sit down and socialise - all the usual accoutrements of interior living were covered up and pushed away . Even his computer was covered in plastic food wrap .
`` It seems illogical to keep cleaning it to use it , '' Tenniswood would tell the trial jury . `` Instead you just replace the cling film , rather than the rigmarole of cleaning . ''
Tenniswood - who claims to have obsessive compulsive disorder - was a compulsive hand washer , sometimes scrubbing them red raw . And he often wore latex gloves , which he bought by the 100 for £3.99 from Poundstretcher .
The curtains were always drawn and there was only ever one light on in the house in an upstairs room . Tenniswood said he `` contained '' himself to living upstairs .
Image copyright OTHER Image caption Tenniswood said he `` contained '' himself to living upstairs and described he and India looking into the large mirror in his bedroom
Image copyright Zoopla Image caption Tenniswood wore latex gloves bought in boxes of 100 from Poundstretcher
When Grant Hare got home that night he charged up the flat battery on his phone . When it turned on , it revealed he had nine missed calls and two text messages from India .
One read simply : `` Where are you ? ''
Mr Hare , giving evidence during the trial , said the couple were `` not quite boyfriend and girlfriend '' and that he was unaware of the suggestion they had romantic problems .
Three of the missed calls were at 01:26 , 01:27 and 01:28 - just minutes after India had been `` led , steered or escorted '' into Mr Miagan 's cab by Tenniswood .
When he realised he had missed her calls and messages , Mr Hare tried three times to reach her .
All of the calls went to voicemail .
Image caption Grant Hare - centre - discovered he had nine missed calls from India before her murder
Image copyright Google Image caption Forensic tests provide a glimpse of India 's final movements within Tenniswood 's house
Exactly what happened inside the house on Stanley Road might never be fully known , but forensic results provide at least sketch .
There was a cigarette butt with India 's DNA on it found in a cup in the kitchen . Her palm and fingerprints were discovered on doorways in and out of downstairs rooms .
Post-mortem examination results found India had almost three times the alcohol drink-drive limit in her system which , a pathologist stated , would have caused `` disorientation '' and `` mental confusion '' .
I 'm surprised you were so quick , it did n't take you long to find me Edward Tenniswood , Killer
Tenniswood claimed India went to his bathroom and he poured two glasses of wine . When she returned , he claimed India seemed happier and more alert .
They sat , he claims , and shared a `` tender moment '' opposite a large mirror in his bedroom .
`` She just happens to make this incredibly moving comment . Just a sweet India thing to do , '' claimed Tenniswood , bizarrely suggesting knowledge of a woman he had met about an hour earlier .
`` The two of us were framed in the mirror and she said 'it looks like we are in the middle of an oil painting ' and she put her arm around me and she squeezed , almost like we were posing for a selfie , '' he added .
The jury , however , found his claims impossible to believe - just as it did with his claim that throttling her was the result of his `` over-eagerness '' to satisfy her in bed .
They instead decided the evidence showed he raped and murdered her .
India put up a struggle , which led to Tenniswood 's blood being left beneath one of her fingernails . But by 03:00 , she was dead .
Donning surgical gloves , Tenniswood cleared up . He re-clothed her , covered her body and left .
Image copyright Google Image caption Having cleared up , Tenniswood decamped to the Ibis hotel , in nearby Mare Fair , Northampton
Image copyright Northamptonshire Police Image caption Tenniswood was captured on CCTV walking into the Ibis Hotel wearing a flat cap
Concerns for India 's welfare grew quickly after she failed to make contact with her family on Saturday , and then did not turn up for work at the Collingtree pub .
While her family used social media to appeal for information on the day she went missing , it was not until the following afternoon that Northamptonshire Police appealed for the public 's help in finding her .
The force 's handling of the missing person dimension of the case is currently subject of an Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) investigation .
Reported missing on 30 January , India 's body was found inside Tenniswood 's home at about 15:30 on 31 January . Despite not having a criminal record , one officer recognised Tenniswood from the CCTV of them getting into the taxi .
A trawl of earlier CCTV showed him lurking outside the club two weeks previously on 16 January . He was wearing the same clothing and carrying a backpack .
PC Steven Knight , who found India 's body , described how he initially tried to shake her awake .
`` The first thing I noticed was the hair at the top of the mattress . Initially , I thought it was fur . The hair was displayed . Instead of being down , it was pulled up and around - sort of halo . ''
Image copyright Northamptonshire Police
India 's body had more than 30 fresh injuries , some of them consistent with an assault .
Her belongings - including handbag , shoes and mobile phone - were placed around the house in such a way as to appear inconspicuous .
There were `` other women 's clothes and shoes '' dotted throughout his rented home . These , and newspaper clippings of women he believed resembled former girlfriends , were regarded by Tenniswood as `` ornaments '' , the trial heard .
Three hours after entering his home , police caught up with Tenniswood at a nearby Ibis hotel . He was in the lounge watching television , and his greeting was chilling .
`` You know who I am - Edward , '' he told officers .
`` I 'm surprised you were so quick , it did n't take you long to find me .
`` I suppose you 've been to the house - you 've found what you 're looking for . ''
BROOMFIELD , Colo. — The Senate Banking Committee rejected the White House 's controversial nominee to chair the board of the Export-Import Bank while approving four other board nominees , a step towards allowing it to start financing aerospace deals again .
The committee , meeting in executive session Dec. 19 , voted 13 to 10 to block the nomination of former congressman Scott Garrett to chair the bank 's board . Sens . Mike Rounds ( R-S.D . ) and Tim Scott ( R-S.C. ) jointed the committee 's 11 Democratic members to keep the committee from advancing the nomination to the full Senate for confirmation .
Garrett , a former Republican congressman from New Jersey , was nominated by the White House in April as the board 's chairman . When serving in the House prior to losing reelection in 2016 , he had been a critic of the bank and voted against its reauthorization .
Appearing at a confirmation hearing Nov. 1 , Garrett said he now supported the bank 's mission of export credit financing . “ Rest assured that I am committed to keep the bank fully open and fully operational , period , ” he said . “ It will continue to operate , it will continue to receive and review and pass loans that will help manufacturing in this country . ”
Democratic senators at the hearing were unconvinced of Garrett 's change of heart , and remained so when the nomination came up for a vote . “ If the president is serious about a functioning bank , he did n't show it by choosing Mr. Garrett , ” said Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) , ranking member of the full committee , in an opening statement at the session . “ It 's clear to me that Mr. Garrett is not being honest with this committee about why he wants to lead the bank . ”
“ I voted today against Mr. Garrett because I believe he is a principled man who simply believes in the abolishment of the bank , and that strong desire on his part to see it abolished as an example of crony capitalism would not have worked , ” Rounds said in comments after the vote . “ While I wish him no ill , I do believe he was not the right person to be the chairman . ”
Garrett did have the support of Sen. Mike Crapo ( R-Idaho ) , chairman of the committee . “ He has committed that Ex-Im will remain fully functional , operating in a fair and transparent manner to support American jobs and provide maximum value to the United States taxpayer , ” he said of Garrett in opening remarks .
In contrast to Garrett , the other four nominees for board positions won approval . The committee voted by wide margins to forward the nominations of Kimberly A. Reed , Spencer Bachus III , Judith DelZoppo Pryor and Claudia Slacik to the full Senate . It also approved the nomination of Mark L. Greenblatt to be the bank 's inspector general , also by a wide margin .
If the board nominees are confirmed , it would have given the five-person board a quorum for the first time in more than two years . Without the quorum , the bank has been unable to approve deals larger than $ 10 million , which affects nearly all space-related ones , such as commercial satellites and launches .
The Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA ) has been pushing for the bank 's board to be reconstituted , supporting the four board nominees the committee advanced , while opposing Garrett based on his past opposition to the bank .
“ Today , as American civil aviation and space systems manufacturers face fierce competition internationally , it is hard to believe that the U.S. still does n't have a fully functioning Export-Import Bank , ” David Melcher , the president and chief executive of the AIA , said at a Dec. 14 luncheon .
“ This may seem like an esoteric issue , but consider the consequences , ” he said . Without the ability to approve large deals , the amount of Ex-Im support for the aerospace industry was far less than one percent of the levels prior to the bank 's lapse of authorization in 2015 . “ Think about the deals that we 're leaving on the table for our competitors to take unopposed . ”
Quantifying the effects on the space industry has been difficult , but industry officials believe that some satellite deals , such as orders in 2015 for the ABS-8 satellite from Boeing and Azerspace-2 from Orbital ATK , fell through in large part because of the lack of Ex-Im financing .
In an AIA statement after the Dec. 19 vote , Melcher called for a quick confirmation of the four board members . “ We urge the full Senate to quickly confirm the four nominees so they can restore the bank to full functionality and review and approve over $ 30 billion in American exports that are stalled absent a quorum on the bank 's board of directors , ” he said . “ The time for action is now . ”
It 's not clear the Senate will act quickly . It has a backlog of other nominations to consider and other legislation action , including passage of a tax bill . In addition , some industry sources believe critics of the bank , like Sen. Richard Shelby ( R-Ala. ) , may take steps to slow down consideration of the nominees . Shelby voted against the four approved nominees during the committee 's session .
Manuel Navarette of UFO Clearinghouse was contacted on the evening of September 14th , by a witness who wanted to report an encounter with a large entity that had `` huge black wings and a pair of glowing orange eyes . '' The reported sighting took place two days prior , on September 12th .
According to the witness ,
`` I was leaving work and walking down the street toward Millard Avenue in the little village neighborhood of Chicago . I stopped at the store to pick up a couple of items that I needed at home and left turning to my left onto Millard Avenue to walk toward home . As I was walking I saw something that looked like a large person but had huge black wings and a pair of glowing orange eyes . At first , I thought it might be a large owl but as I got closer I realized that this person was at least 7 ft tall . I 'm 5 foot 4 and this thing towered over me . It stood there and looked right at me for about 10 seconds and made a sort of chirping sound as I approached it .
My first thought was that this was the devil and they started praying as I walked . And I kept walking because I felt that if I stopped I was going to be paralyzed with fear . As I got to about 20 ft from where it was standing it let out a very loud screech that sounded as it was trying to warn me before leaping up into the air and taking off in the direction of West 25th Street . I watched it disappear into the night and continued saying my prayers as I walked toward home . When I got home I was hysterical and crying and my family came rushing to my side when they saw me crying uncontrollably . I related the story to everybody in the living room and my grandmother said that it was either the devil or a lechusa . She stated that either way I was very lucky to make it home and that saying my prayers had protected me from this thing . I slept at night with the window locked , curtains drawn and a light from my desk on . Even though I slept with the lights on I still dreamed of this horrific thing and that it was coming to get me . I pray to God that I never see this thing again and now I know that my prayers protected me from whatever this thing was . ''
An investigator with UFO Clearinghouse spoke to the witness that same evening .
`` The witness reiterated the story as reported . No embellishing of the story was given when presented the opportunity and when asked a series of questions about the sighting , she gave no variation of the sighting reported . The witness stated that she was still visibly upset by this sighting , even 48 hours removed . After speaking with the witness and going over the sighting with her in detail , it is the investigator 's opinion that the witness did see something that evening and that her report is credible , '' said the investigator in their report .
`` The witness also stated that she has heard stories from the surrounding neighborhood that other witnesses have seen what they describe as “ Un Diablo Negro ” or a “ Black devil ” in the neighborhoods within Little Village . When asked if she could point me in the direction of any other witnesses , she was very hesitant to divulge any information . After some time speaking with her and assuring her that the witnesses could remain anonymous she agreed to refer any witnesses she knew to UFOCH . ''
The sighting took place approximately five miles west of Lake Michigan , and is the second such sighting to compare the creature to a Lechuza . In Mexican folklore a Lechuza is an old woman -- often a witch , or 'bruja ' -- who can turn into a giant , black bird .
This is the latest in a string of flying humanoid sightings reported in the Chicago area . Most of the sightings have taken place near the lakefront within a few miles of Lake Michigan , although there are some reports coming from the suburbs surrounding Chicago . The sightings generally take place in the evening or at night , often in or near a park and around water , and witnesses consistently describe a large , bat or bird-like creature with humanoid features ; although in one case the creature was reportedly `` insect-like . ''
UFO Clearinghouse also offered the following plea to witnesses who may be concerned with being identified publicly .
`` This is a plea to any witnesses that have had similar encounters in the Little Village neighborhood . You are assured that your report and your identity will remain anonymous if you so wish . The information gathered here will be purely for research purposes into these sighting and will not be shared with anyone else outside of the UFO Clearinghouse research team and will NOT be shared with any governmental or law enforcement agencies . ''
`` Esta es una súplica a los testigos que han tenido encuentros similares en el vecindario de Little Village . Usted está seguro de que su informe y su identidad permanecerán anónimas si así lo desea . La información reunida aquí será puramente para propósitos de investigación en estas observaciones y no será compartida con nadie más fuera del equipo de investigación de UFO Clearinghouse y NO será compartida con ninguna agencia gubernamental o de aplicación de la ley . ''
Please see below for a link to UFO Clearinghouse 's contact page .
To report a sighting , contact Lon Strickler at lonstrickler @ phantomsandmonsters.com or call him directly at 410-241-5974 ; fill out UFO Clearinghouse 's contact form to get in touch with Manuel Navarette ; or reach out to us directly at The Singular Fortean Society through our contact page .
You can view a timeline of the sightings so far here , and an interactive map here .
Previous reports have documented an improvement in night vision among Jamaican fishermen after ingestion of a crude tincture of herbal cannabis , while two members of this group noted that Moroccan fishermen and mountain dwellers observe an analogous improvement after smoking kif , sifted Cannabis sativa mixed with tobacco ( Nicotiana rustica ) . Field-testing of night vision has become possible with a portable device , the LKC Technologies Scotopic Sensitivity Tester-1 ( SST-1 ) . This study examines the results of double-blinded graduated THC administration 0-20 mg ( as Marinol ) versus placebo in one subject on measures of dark adaptometry and scotopic sensitivity . Analogous field studies were performed in Morocco with the SST-1 in three subjects before and after smoking kif . In both test situations , improvements in night vision measures were noted after THC or cannabis . It is believed that this effect is dose-dependent and cannabinoid-mediated at the retinal level . Further testing may assess possible clinical application of these results in retinitis pigmentosa or other conditions .
There is big money in the drug war for Federal agencies and State and local police forces .
I have told you before that the so-called war on drugs is a sham and a scam , and it corrupts Federal agencies and all police forces . American prisons and cemeteries are overflowing with victims of the faux drug war .
There are more than 2.4 million people in U.S. prisons . That 's more than one out of every 100 Americans , and that number has more than quadrupled since 1980 . The most serious charge against 51 percent of those in Federal prisons is a drug offense . In State prisons , one in five prisoners is being incarcerated over a drug offense .
There is now a breaking scandal in Massachusetts that reveals how corrupt the war on drugs actually is . Annie Dookhan , a chemist with the Massachusetts crime lab , has been caught conspiring with prosecutors in that State to falsify drug evidence by tampering with samples and intentionally forging signatures . As many as 40,000 cases may have had their evidence tainted by Dookhan .
Dookhan , who recently pleaded guilty to all 27 counts of altering drug evidence and obstructing justice that prosecutors had filed against her , was a crime lab chemist for nine years . Her tampered evidence has put thousands of innocent people behind bars , and thousands more have had their sentences lengthened based on her fake “ evidence . ”
The Boston Globe published emails that demonstrated the cozy relationship Dookhan had with prosecutors . In one exchange with Norfolk Assistant District Attorney George Papachristos ( who resigned in October after the Globe disclosed his flirtatious friendship with Dookhan ) , the chemist apparently was more than willing to acquiesce to the prosecutor 's request to inflate the size of a marijuana sample so that its owners could be charged with trafficking . The emails also show Dookhan was prone to fabrications , repeat­edly making up grandiose job titles for herself , such as “ special agent of operations ” for the FBI and other Federal agencies .
Following Dookhan 's guilty plea , a second Massachusetts crime lab “ chemist ” has been fired after investigators determined she had fabricated her educational credentials . Kate Corbett worked alongside Dookhan and testified as a “ chemistry expert ” in dozens of court cases that led to convictions — even though her degree is in sociology . Defense attorneys argue that as many 180,000 Massachusetts drug cases may be tainted by the two women 's actions .
“ I screwed up big time . I messed up . I messed up bad . It 's my fault . I do n't want the lab to get in trouble , ” Dookhan was reported as saying . Her “ screwup ” resulted in prosecutors and drug cops getting promotions and glowing headlines for drug convictions and their agencies getting an increasing pile of tax dollars while their wrongly convicted victims lost their families , their livelihoods and years of their lives .
And for that Dookhan is facing just three to five years in the pen while Papachristos has been cleared of any wrongdoing . The elected class are not interested in justice , and they always protect their own .
H/T : Againstcronycapitalism.org
It 's Abe Sapien Month at Multiversity ! To see all sorts of Abe content , like our “ Evolution of Abe Sapien ” contest , fantastic original art , interviews and more , click here .
To celebrate our “ Evolution of Abe Sapien ” art contest , which gives every fan with some ambition and a modicum of artistic talent a chance to have their work published in an issue of “ Abe Sapien : Dark and Terrible , ” as well as take home a complete set of Hellboy Library Editions , we decided to bring in some ringers , to show us how they interpret everyone 's favorite fish-man . We will be posting pieces each day for this entire month , so come join us for 31 Days of Abe !
If for some reason , you have lost the ability to tell awesome from not-awesome , let us fill you in on how awesome this piece is : it is so awesome that , when sent a preview of it , “ B.P.R.D. ” writer John Arcudi reached out to Ben and purchased it . That is awesome , folks . Ben hails from New Zealand , and is a regular Mignolaverse contributor , handling the pencils for various “ Baltimore ” and “ Witchfinder ” projects , as well as some other “ B.P.R.D. ” work . You can check out his website , and follow him on Twitter ( @ benstenbeck ) – and look out for his upcoming “ Baltimore : The Inquisitor ” in June !
Feeling inspired by this great piece of art ? Then enter our “ Evolution of Abe Sapien ” art contest ! Full details are here . And make sure to pick up “ Abe Sapien ” # 1 on April 3 from Dark Horse !
Written by Matt Hills
Sherlock - The Hounds of Baskerville
Written by
Directed by Paul McGuigan
Broadcast on BBC One - 08 January 2012 Sherlock - The Hounds of BaskervilleWritten by Mark Gatiss Directed by Paul McGuiganBroadcast on BBC One - 08 January 2012
Plagiarism on campus : not just for over-caffeinated students the throes of finals week desperation any more ! Apparently , it 's also an attractive option for college administrators at University of Akron in Ohio , who seemingly lifted several sections of their own sexual assault policy guide directly from other colleges . In some sections , they did n't even bother editing the segments that referred to options not available on University of Akron 's campus . Good to know that institutions of higher education are so unflinchingly committed to preventing and responding to sexual assault .
According to a report in Newsweek , Julia Dixon — a University of Akron graduate who was raped during her first week as a freshman , in 2008 — recently filed a Clery Act complaint against her alma mater for grossly mishandling her case . Procedurally , her case was n't particularly difficult to handle : Dixon called campus police immediately after her assault and went to the local hospital in order to obtain a rape kit . The University 's response was abhorrent , though . While she was still in the hospital , she was encouraged by a University detective to keep her sexual assault a secret because , as she put it , `` a defense lawyer could make it seem like I did it for attention otherwise . '' It took the police 20 months to process her kit , at which point her rapist had graduated .
Dixon was disturbed that campus police were so uninformed about the school 's official sexual assault protocols . When writing her complaint , she found that ignorance seemed to be the school 's policy . As Katie J.M . Baker puts it at Newsweek , `` large swaths appeared to have been copied , at times verbatim , from the policies of other colleges — and , in some cases , the University of Akron 's policy offered options that were n't actually available on campus . '' Some particularly egregious examples : in a passage lifted from the University of Miami 's sexual assault policy , the University of Akron 's policy refers to the `` Office of Equity and Equal Opportunity , '' which it does not have . It also makes a reference to a non-existent Appendix B and purports to offer support services that will move the alleged victim or perpetrator so they do n't share the same dining hall . Sounds great , but the University of Akron only has one campus dining hall . When Dixon mentioned this service to Student Judicial Affairs , she was advised to eat early in the morning or late at night , when there were fewer people around . Though the university 's policy maintained that `` victim support and resources '' are available , Dixon affirms that she was not offered any accommodations , even after being diagnosed with PTSD .
`` It was one thing when I thought they were n't following their own policy , but now I think they 're completely ignorant on this entire document , '' Dixon told Newsweek . `` It looks like somebody skimmed it and edited it , but that 's about all . '' ( University of Akron 's Dean of Students maintains that the errors are `` typos , '' officially edging out Shia LaBeouf for Worst Excuse For Plagiarizing in all of the 2010 's . ) Dixon thinks that the school 's ineffective and shoddy policy is indicative of the fact that `` institutions are more interested in appearing to comply with the law than actually following it and helping their students . ''
That college administrations are more concerned with news of rape getting out than rape happening is , sadly , not news — it 's something that 's led colleges to dangerously underreport instances of sexual assault time and time again . And , as IX activist Alexandra Brodsky pointed out in a Google hangout session with Congresswoman Jackie Speier yesterday , this is something that Obama 's sexual assault task force and the Department of Education must stay mindful of :
Advertisement
`` I think Title IX is really great law in theory . But , in practice , because the Department of Education is n't really enforcing it , it 's kind of like a cute , fluffy gorilla in the room right now ... Title IX has to have teeth . Right now , a student will go to the Department and say , 'Things are bad on our campus , ' and the Department will do this long investigation and then say , 'School , if you promise to do better in the future , then we 'll let you off the hook . ' ''
Enough letting schools off the hook as long as they promise to try really , really hard to be better . The ED needs to put serious pressure on college administrations to focus on the safety , health and security of their students above all else — especially their reputations , which far too often hinge on sweeping rape allegations under the rug .
Advertisement
I once knew a wealthy Toronto socialite who liked to fly the Concorde from New York to Paris between Christmas and the new year . `` Just under four hours is the perfect length of time to copy out a new address book , '' she said one afternoon at the hairdresser 's . She had her hair done by the same stylist in the same way at the same time on the same day every week .
I know this because I wrote it down . She was a well-organized woman , tightly wound .
I thought of her the other day , as I do every January , when I buy a new notebook for the new , outstretched year . I 've used the same notebooks for decades : 9 cm by 14 cm , small enough to fit in my inside breast pocket , stiff cover , narrow lined , elastic loop closure , anchored ribbon bookmark .
Story continues below advertisement
It 's a neurotic habit , a personal notebook . It can work as a diary , but it 's not intended for publication . Anaïs Nin , who kept a diary from the age of 11 to the day she died at 73 ( it started as a letter to her absent father ) , always planned to publish hers . So did Charles Ritchie , the Canadian diplomat who gave us The Siren Years . Virginia Woolf , on the other hand , never intended anyone to see her notebooks , hence their wandering and thoroughly private tone . She wrote them quickly , after tea , with a dip nib pen .
A diary is an accounting . A notebook , by contrast , is to record details that reach out as you pass , for reasons not immediately apparent . A notebook is full of moments from days that have yet to become something . `` Keepers of private notebooks are a different breed altogether , '' Joan Didion wrote in a famous essay about notebooks , `` lonely and resistant rearrangers of things , anxious malcontents , children afflicted apparently at birth with some presentiment of loss . ''
A notebook does n't have to be a daily or lifelong habit . Woolf started one before she turned 15 , but did n't stick to the practice until she was in her 30s . One of my favourite note-makers , critic Kenneth Tynan ( he wrote Oh ! Calcutta ! ) , began in 1971 , and kept it up for the last nine years of his life . He used his notebooks to plan his summer holidays , but also to detail how he was once robbed of $ 14,000 in traveller 's cheques from his wallet , whereupon he replaced them and was robbed again . He copied down his best lines – `` Lazy is the passive form of selfish '' – and his best theories ( he was convinced P.G . Wodehouse 's novels were a success because Jeeves was a Freudian father figure , but restricted to the job of a servant ) . There 's a lot of gossip and even more sex . In the summer of 1978 , during an act of coitus , Tynan manages to break his penis . He never really recovers .
John Cheever recorded not only his heterosexual affairs but his homosexual ones , as well as vigorous romps with his wife . `` Vodka for breakfast . Mary mentions her mother for the third time in 35 years . '' That 's Cheever , defined in a single note .
You do n't need to be a writer to keep a notebook . Director Steven Soderbergh releases an annual list of everything he has watched , read or listened to in the previous year . 2014 's includes three viewings of 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
My new notebook is fresh , and empty , and waiting ; the old one is fat and filled , handled and spent . The new book is hope , the old one unavoidable . This morning I made a note in the newbie of the way the sun rising from the southeast hits the pear tree outside my kitchen window : The branches were both silhouetted and highlighted along their upper edges , and I realized for the first time that this is how early morning sunlight works . I do not expect this to be a useful piece of information . I wrote it down anyway , just in case . Just in case is the motto of the notebooker .
I like to read my previous year 's notebooks over the winter holidays , and from those fragments I gather a sense of the time that poured by . It 's never what I remembered or planned .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The year 2014 was full of conversations , often overheard . `` Everyone grows up in the same way , more or less . But no one 's old age is the same . '' ( A woman in upstate New York . ) `` On prednisone , I 'd be standing in line at a deli , and see the salami and burst out crying . It was the emotional Alps . '' ( Overheard in a Manhattan deli . I spent a lot of time on the road last year . ) Evidence of procrastination ( books recommended and unread ) alternates with pages of ephemera . One compares trifocal prices . Others list words and definitions ( pilgarlic , a man looked upon with humorous contempt or mock pity ; apparently I imagined that would come in handy ) . Dreams : trying to leave a hotel , caught in an avalanche , losing the dog . ( Nothing goes as well as it should . ) A recipe for lobster Florentine , with crispy leeks , from an excellent and somewhat too attractive bartender at Edna , a restaurant in north Halifax . I 'd been alone for a couple of weeks by then and was afraid to look directly at her .
Lists – glasses , watch , phone , pen , notebook , hearing aids , wallet – compete with lists of nothing but questions : What did you feel at dinner with N ? Happiness , boredom , jealousy ? What did it feel like to see the boats on the ocean , on the far horizon ? On the 9th of August I swim in the Atlantic Ocean for the first of 20 days in a row , off a tricky , rocky shore with my brother . `` Another blast of life , '' my notes say . For me it 's a high point of the year . As opposed to In the elevator : sports jacket , gray flannels . sturdy shoes , checked shirt , out for dinner alone . Like being a statue . Oprah and Seinfeld turn 60 . A single notation , 24/25 , is a friend 's father 's score on a test for Alzheimer 's , followed by his score a year later : 5 .
In May , I note a `` Japanese guy , doing math equations in Russell Square . '' We 're on holiday in London by then , on the way to picking up our daughter in Edinburgh . Eventually we find our way to the North Sea on the coast of Suffolk , to scatter my father 's ashes . The ceremony is light but respectful , and we make an afternoon of it . But two mornings later I ca n't leave the beach , staring stupidly at whitecaps , thinking : Is that him ? That patch of sea was my last glimpse of my father in physical form , the way he mattered most to me . All of this , rendered in a single entry : May 26/14 Thorpeness , GB .
By December , I was reading the collected poems of Philip Larkin ( which my notebook says I bought in in Cambridge ) . One poem , The Old Fools – Larkin 's dead-eyed take on old age – is copied out over four pages . I see that I read it to my wife one night after Christmas as she fell asleep , and that all she could say was : `` Oh , oh , oh . '' This is how it starts , and finishes :
What do they think has happened , the old fools , / To make them like this ? Do they somehow suppose/ It 's more grown up when your mouth hangs open and drools , / And you keep on pissing yourself , and ca n't remember/ Who called this morning ? ... Can they never tell/ What is dragging them back , and how it will end ? Not at night ? / Not when the strangers come ? Never , throughout/ The whole hideous , inverted childhood ? Well , / We shall find out .
We shall indeed . We spend most of our lives pointed forward , peering into the future to see what 's coming , planning how we 'll respond . A notebook looks the other way , and knows how all that ended .
In a recent experiment , women who showed interest in college-aged men were more likely to be remembered if they were deemed attractive .
From the `` Studies That Should Surprise No One '' file : A new study in Applied Cognitive Psychology found that college-aged men were more likely to remember whether a woman showed sexual interest in them when she was deemed attractive , dressed provocatively and expressed her attraction toward them . Who'da thunk it ?
The guys were shown full-body photographs of collegiate women who were signaling either attraction or rejection — for instance , a frown of rejection versus a pleasant smile . The researchers found that the average young man demonstrated an excellent memory of the women 's initial interest . But the men remembered best when the woman was broadly appealing to them in looks , dress and attitude .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
As head author Teresa Treat put it , `` Misremembering a woman 's level of sexual interest could prompt some men to make an unwanted sexual advance and become frustrated when a woman does n't respond as anticipated . '' ( Sure , been there . )
She went on : `` Conversely , college-aged men who report more frequent serious romantic relationships with women show better memory for college-aged women 's sexual-interest and rejection cues . This suggests that tracking and remembering a partner 's emotions may play a role in the initiation and maintenance of a serious romantic relationship . ''
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
We hope everyone is writing this down .
The Cocktail Napkin appears at the back page of each issue of Miller-McCune magazine , highlighting current research that merits a raised eyebrow or a painful grin .
World
Hong Kong is the First Asian City Nominated to Host the Gay Games
Hong Kong will come down in history as the first Asian city to be nominated - and possibly host - the Gay Games in 2022 . Hong Kong is up against 17 other cities such as Denver , Dallas , Los Angeles , Washington D.C. , Cape Town , Tel Aviv , and Guadalajara .
Prominent LGBT group Out is backing the city 's bid .
Like Us on Facebook
Advertisement
`` 40 per cent of Hong Kong is nature parks , which opens up lots of opportunities for activities and events the Gay Games have never held before . Also , the city does have 24-hour entertainment , '' Out founder Dennis Philipse told Hong Kong FP .
Philipse added that the Gay Games will be a great opportunity to change how Hong Kong residents see the LGBT community .
`` LGBT issues in Asia are still a bit of a challenge legally , and is not on the same level compared to other places in the world , '' Philipse said .
The bidding process started on March 3 this year . The Federation of Gay Games will select the 2022 host on October next year .
Cleveland , Ohio hosted the Gay Games in 2014 . More than 10,000 people from 60 countries competed in more than 37 events . The sporting event injected $ 52 million ( $ HK400 million ) to the economy due to a boost in tourism .
`` There is certainly an argument , often conjecture about why a particular city has won the bid to host in the past , and some cities have made that argument before that 'the Gay Games needs to come here because we need to improve LGBT rights in that area ' so that could be an element of someone 's decision to vote for a particular host , to make a real human rights change in that area , '' Leviathen Hendricks , a board member of the Federation of Gay Games , told the Sunday Morning Post .
San Francisco hosted the first every Gay Games back in 1982 . It has since become the largest sporting event that caters to LGBT athletes in particular .
Advertisement
Advertisement
©2019 Chinatopix All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission
TOTTENHAM and Liverpool are set to lock horns in a bid to snap up the `` Malian Jamie Vardy '' .
Moussa Marega is currently on loan at Vitoria Guimaraes from Porto , but has cracked 12 goals in 21 appearance , and that has alerted Premier League scouts .
Getty Images 3 Moussa Marega has cracked goals in Portugal 's top flight this season , which has alerted Liverpool and Spurs scouts
But with a £35million release clause in his contract , the 25-year-old frontman wo n't come cheap .
Keep up to date with ALL the TOTTENHAM and LIVERPOOL news , gossip , transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures , results and live match commentary
Porto pipped rivals Sporting Lisbon when they signed Marega in January 2016 , picking him from relative obscurity in the French lower leagues .
EPA 3 Moussa Marega is on loan at Portuguese outfit Vitoria Guimaraes , but has a contract at Porto until 2020
EPA 3 The Malian forward has cracked 12 goals in 21 games since signing on loan at Vitoria Guimaraes from Porto
He has been capped seven times by the Mali national side . His loan spell at LigaNOS side ends at the end of the season , but has a contract with Porto until 2020 .
That 's where the comparison with Leicester City frontman Vardy comes in .
The England man was signed from then League Two outfit Fleetwood Town for £1million back in May 2012 .
Prior to that he had turned out for StocksBridge Park Steels and Halifax Town .
In 2017 , anyone can become a meme — including civil rights activist , Baptist minister , and political talk show host Al Sharpton . Sharpton has been on a health kick recently and has been letting his Instagram followers track his fitness schedule with a high volume of selfies .
ADVERTISEMENT
The pictures have become something of a sensation on the internet and the jokes have been rolling in . A video of Sharpton attempting a one-handed push-up went particularly viral , and Nelly even called for an Instagram boycott `` until we find out who in the hell is leaking these AL Sharpton pictures . ''
In a recent interview with TMZ , Sharpton had some choice words for his haters . `` I live in the Trump era , ” Sharpton said . “ If he can tweet at night , I can selfie before I go to the gym in the morning and do n't be jealous because I 'm so fit at 62 years old . ”
Sharpton continued , `` I work out . I was showing people you work out , you take your health seriously . I think it 's a good thing . I 'm gon na keep doing it . ”
The consequences of cheap oil
‘ When oil prices are high , people may get out of their cars and walk , cycle or get public transport '
After years in which $ 100 oil was the norm , the price of Brent crude is now around a third of that . Assume for a moment that Russia and Saudi Arabia fail in their efforts to get the price back up . Will $ 30 oil change the world ? The answer is yes , of course . Everything is connected to everything else in economics , and that is particularly true when it comes to oil . For all the talk of the weightless economy , we 're not quite so post-industrial as to be able to ignore the cost of energy . Because oil is versatile and easy to transport , it remains the lubricant for the world 's energy system .
The rule of thumb has always been that while low oil prices are bad for the planet , they 're good for the economy . Last year a report from PwC estimated that a permanent fall in the price of oil by $ 50 would boost the size of the UK economy by about 1 per cent over five years , since the benefits — to most sectors but particularly to heavy industry , agriculture and air travel — would outweigh the costs to the oil production industry itself .
That represents the conventional wisdom , as well as historical experience . Oil was cheap throughout America 's halcyon years of the 1950s and 1960s ; the oil shocks of the 1970s came alongside serious economic pain . The boom of the 1990s was usually credited to the world wide web but oil prices were very low and they soared to record levels in the run-up to the great recession . We can debate how important the oil price fluctuations were but the link between good times and cheap oil is not a coincidence .
Here 's a piece of back-of-the-envelope economics . The world consumes nearly 100 million barrels a day of oil , which is $ 10bn a day — or $ 3.5tn a year — at the $ 100 price to which we 've become accustomed . A sustained collapse in the oil price would slice more than $ 2tn off that bill — set against a world economic output of around $ 80tn , that 's far from trivial . It is a huge transfer from the wallets of oil producers to those of oil consumers .
Such large swings in purchasing power always used to boost economic growth , because while producers were saving the profits from high prices , consumers tended to spend the windfall from low ones . One of the concerns about today 's low prices is that the positions may be reversing : the big winners , American consumers , are using the spare cash to pay off debts ; meanwhile , losers such as Russia and Saudi Arabia are cutting back sharply on investment and public spending . If carried to extremes , that would mean a good old-fashioned Keynesian slowdown in a world economy trying to spend less and save more ; the more likely result of which is that lower oil prices fail to give us the boost we hope for .
It is intriguing to contemplate some of the less obvious effects . Charles Courtemanche , a health economist at Georgia State University , has found a correlation between low gasoline prices and high obesity rates in the United States . That is partly because , when oil prices are high , people may get out of their cars and walk , cycle or get public transport . Cheap gasoline , on the other hand , puts disposable income into the pockets of families who are likely to spend it on eating out . Low oil prices may make us fat .
Another depressing possibility is that low oil prices will slow down the rate of innovation in the clean energy sector . The cheaper the oil , the less incentive there is to invent ways of saving it . There is clear evidence for this over the very long run . As recently as the late 1700s , British potters were using wasteful Bronze Age technology for their kilns . The reason ? Energy was cheap . Wages , in contrast , were expensive — which is why the industrial revolution was all about saving labour , not saving energy .
More recently , David Popp , an economist at Syracuse University , looked at the impact of the oil price shocks of the 1970s . He found that inventors emerged from the woodwork to file oil-saving patents in fields from heat pumps to solar panels .
It is always possible that the oil price collapse will do little to affect some of the big technological shifts in the energy market . The scale of oil production from hydraulic fracturing ( fracking ) in the US may be curtailed but a huge technological leap has already happened . As the chief economist of BP , Spencer Dale , recently commented , fracking is starting to look less like the huge , long-term oil-drilling projects of the past , and more like manufacturing : cheap , lean , replicable and scalable . Low oil prices can not undo that and the efficiencies may well continue . We can hope for ever-cheaper solar power too : photovoltaic cells do not compete closely with oil , and we may continue to see more and more installations and lower and lower prices .
That said , when fossil fuels are cheap , people will find ways to burn them , and that 's gloomy news for our prospects of curtailing climate change . We ca n't rely on high oil and coal prices to discourage consumption : the world needs — as it has needed for decades — a credible , internationally co-ordinated tax on carbon .
Written for and first published at ft.com .
LEAN is a principle that all manufacturing companies should master . It helps companies become more profitable by reducing non-value added activities .
In this second of a 8-part LEAN series , we will discuss how manufacturing companies can reduce Waste in Inventory in their operations .
What is Waste In Inventory ?
Inventory refers to materials stored in the facility at different stages of completion .
It could be raw materials , work in progress ( WIP ) , finished goods , products waiting for repair , etc .
Inventory is essential to sustain daily operations . However , too much could result in waste , directly impacting profitability .
Until goods are shipped to customers , it is not generating revenue . They could become liabilities if it is being held for too long .
Why Is Inventory A Form Of Waste ?
It may not seem obvious , but every piece of inventory has a cost associated .
Funds to buy raw materials have not been paid back by customers .
Materials in the warehouse are taking up space . The company is paying the overhead and insurance cost .
There are a risks of aging inventory to become obsolete or expired , and need to be written off .
Etc…
What Are The Forms Of Inventory Waste ?
It can appear in many forms in manufacturing environment .
Overestimating forecasts and purchasing more raw materials than necessary .
Defective products are not repaired quickly .
Producing and storing more products than customers need .
Kanban quantity levels are too high .
Obsolete materials are not dispositioned on time .
Etc…
How To Reduce Inventory Waste ?
There are different ways to reduce it .
Establish realistic forecast with customers . Update forecast regularly to pull in or push out supply chain when necessary .
Track defective assemblies and repair them quickly .
Reduce processing time to lower the cost of finished goods .
Produce just enough products for customer 's needs . Do not buffer too much for unexpected losses such as failures , repairs , scraps , etc .
Review Kanban quantity levels to match production run rate . Adjust when there is a change in product , process or customer demands .
Establish processes to check slow moving materials and dispose of them regularly .
Adopt JIT ( Just In Time ) method to receive , produce and ship products .
Conclusion
Being LEAN is something that all manufacturing companies must master . It could directly impact the company 's profitability . However , different companies operate at different ideal inventory levels . Thus , the lowest inventory level may not always be the best approach . Carefully managing incoming , in process and outgoing materials while aligning with business model will help reduce waste in inventory .
How has your company reduced Waste in Inventory ? Let us know by leaving a comment below .
Share This Post : LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Email
Berlusconi 's definitive conviction for tax fraud opens the way for 12 months of house arrest or community service , as well as sanctions including a ban on running for office for the next six years .
The situation is unprecedented but the rules are the same as for ordinary criminals , law professors said .
Here are details of the sentence and a possible timeline :
HOUSE ARREST : Berlusconi will have to make a specific request to do community service in order to avoid house arrest . Taking account of the summer break in the judicial system , this petition will have to be filed by October 16th and must then be examined by a court .
The billionaire could find himself working in an old people 's home , stacking shelves in a supermarket or cleaning up graffiti - although this is highly unlikely .
He has said he does not want to do community service `` like a common criminal '' and would therefore most likely be placed under conditions of house arrest . He can choose which of his villas to serve his sentence in , but would probably select his main residence near Milan .
There is no chance the 76-year-old tycoon will have to go to prison proper because of lenient rules for over-70s in Italy with short prison sentences , unless he attempts to escape house arrest .
NO ELECTIONS : Berlusconi can not be a candidate for the next six years under a law passed in 2012 with votes from his own centre-right coalition , meaning he is virtually certain to be barred from the next elections whenever they are . This could prove an added incentive to keep the government in place and not trigger fresh elections by withdrawing his centre-right coalition 's support . The next elections are set for 2018 , although analysts predict the uneasy coalition between centre-right and centre-left could collapse well before then .
OUT OF SENATE ? : The three-time prime minister could be forced to leave parliament even before the next elections - for the first time since 1994 - if his opponents push for the Senate to apply rules against convicted lawmakers .
PARLIAMENT BAN : The supreme court on Thursday also ordered the appeal courts to decide whether Berlusconi should be temporarily barred from holding public office . He was sentenced to a five-year ban on his first appeal , but discrepancies in the law mean the ban would be lowered to between one and three years .
PASSPORT : The globe-trotting media mogul will have to hand over his passport to the police and the foreign ministry is likely to request that he also return the diplomatic papers he has as a former prime minister . He will have to obtain the court 's permission for an exemption if he wants to travel abroad .
KNIGHTHOOD : Berlusconi has been known for decades by supporters and critics alike as Il Cavaliere ( The Knight ) , but his 1977 knighthood to the Order of Merit for Labour could be stripped from him .
SANCTIONS : The precise conditions of the sentence are to be determined but may mean he needs court authorisation to be excused from house arrest or community service in order to attend sessions of parliament and even to give media interviews .
Washington ( AFP ) - The Washington Post said Monday it was the target of an apparent `` sting '' operation that sought to plant a false story to discredit the newspaper 's investigation of sexual misconduct allegations against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore .
The Post reported that a woman shared a dramatic story -- which could not be substantiated -- that Moore impregnated her when she was a teenager in 1992 and that she later had an abortion .
But it said the woman , who was interviewed several times over two weeks , was seen entering the New York offices of Project Veritas , an organization which targets mainstream media organizations .
Moore 's alleged misconduct came to light after an investigation by the Washington Post , which recounted stories of women who claimed Moore molested or harassed girls as young as 14 .
Moore has denied the allegations and has rejected pressure from fellow Republicans to drop out of the special election to be held in December .
On Monday , the Post said it did not publish an article based on the woman 's allegations , noting inconsistencies in her story and an online post which cast doubts on her motivations .
The newspaper did publish a nine-minute interview with the woman , identified as Jaime Philips , with a Post reporter .
The Post said she denied working with any organization but that reporters witnessed her entering Project Veritas , which uses secret recordings intended to expose media bias .
Project Veritas did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment .
The Moore allegations have touched off a political firestorm , with his backers claiming he has been the target of political opponents even as his poll numbers fall .
The Post said it decided to release the woman 's comments despite an earlier agreement to be `` off the record . ''
`` We always honor 'off-the-record ' agreements when they 're entered into in good faith , '' executive editor Martin Baron was quoted as saying .
`` But this so-called off-the-record conversation was the essence of a scheme to deceive and embarrass us . The intent by Project Veritas clearly was to publicize the conversation if we fell for the trap . Because of our customary journalistic rigor , we were n't fooled , and we ca n't honor an 'off-the-record ' agreement that was solicited in maliciously bad faith . ''
Related Video :
Watch news , TV and more on Yahoo View .
A 14-year-old boy suspected of planning a series of bombings in Vienna was reported on Thursday to have been offered $ 25,000 ( £16,000 ) by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( Isil ) to carry out the attacks amid claims that two other youths recruited in the same way remain at large .
The arrested youth has not been named by authorities , but has been identified by the Austrian media as Mertkan G , the son of Turkish immigrants , who has lived in the country for eight years . He was arrested on Tuesday but details are only now emerging about his case .
Among the sites in which he has admitted planning to plant explosives is Vienna 's Westbahnhof station , one of the busiest in the country , used by 40,000 travellers each day .
Austrian officials have refused to comment on reports that he was recruited over the internet by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and promised a payment for carrying out the bombings . But a spokesman for prosecutors said that the 14-year-old was in touch with `` various different contacts '' .
He had confessed to planning to plant a series of bombs in crowded areas around Vienna , said Michaela Obenaus , a spokesman for the prosecutors ' office in the boy 's home city of St Pölten .
Despite his youth , he reportedly reconnoitred potential target sites `` like a professional '' . He is not believed to have built any bombs by the time of his arrest , but he had researched bomb-making extensively on the internet , and made specific inquiries about purchasing certain parts .
The Austrian authorities have spoken only of `` unconventional explosive devices '' , but , according to local media reports , he was planning to build improvised cluster bombs similar to those used in the 2013 Boston marathon bombings .
It appears he was not planning a suicide attack : he has reportedly confessed that he wanted to travel to Syria to fight alongside jihadist groups there , and saw a successful bombing campaign as his ticket to join .
A report in Kronen Zeitung newspaper claimed that he was actively recruited over the internet by Isil and promised a `` special position '' as a reward for carrying out the bombings , as well as the payment of $ 25,000 . The newspaper claimed that two other youths were recruited to carry out attacks in similar fashion and remained at large .
But other local newspapers reported that Austrian investigators believed Mertkan G may have been a so-called `` lone wolf '' , working entirely on his own . The boy , who lived with his parents in St Pölten , a small city not far from Vienna , was known locally for speaking out in favour of Isil and other jihadist groups , but the reports said his friends did not take him seriously .
His plans were reportedly uncovered after concerned teachers at his school contacted police to say he had been speaking threateningly . After that , Austrian intelligence began monitoring his internet activity . He has been remanded in custody while investigations continue .
You do n't need magic to see that the fight for gender equality is still an ongoing battle . Still , Hudson Taylor decided to use it to illustrate the importance of feminism .
In a video posted in July , the magician performs an ongoing card trick while talking about his own journey of understanding the realities of gender inequality . As Hudson offers information about the gender pay gap and the percentage of women affected by street harassment , he magically reveals cards from the deck with numbers that correspond with the statistics . Taylor then emphasizes that fighting for feminist ideals ( aka human rights for people of all genders ) should n't just be left to women .
`` How can fathers and sons , husbands and brothers not be doing more ? '' he asks in the video . `` At what point does complacency become complicity ? ''
Hudson hopes his video will help engage men as allies to the women who are negatively affected every single day by gender inequality .
`` I believe that ending any form of discrimination can not rest solely on the shoulders of those who are impacted by it , '' Taylor told HuffPost . `` I believe that gender equality is n't an aspiration but a destination . ''
Nailed it .
Also on HuffPost :
Several of the over 95,000 FC Barcelona fans had already left in resignation when loud singing filled the enormous Camp Nou stadium in the Spanish city . `` One can only lose against Bavaria , '' chanted the visiting Munich fans , and all who could understand the German cheer from the upper stands nodded in secret acknowledgement . By then , FC Bayern had shown its absolute dominance in two games against Barça in the semifinals of the Champions League tournament . And with the 7-0 cumulative victory came the question : If not FC Barcelona , the powerhouse team that has dominated European football for years , who could defeat FC Bayern Munich ?
`` We want to be the best team in the world , '' Karl-Heinz Rummenigge , the chairman of Bayern Munich , had said before the second game . And now it would appear that his team is in the express lane to reaching that goal .
In Germany , Bayern captured the title of the Bundesliga , Germany 's premier soccer league , in record time and with record figures . Now it awaits two final matches : the German Football Association ( DFB ) German Cup title match against VfB Stuttgart on June 1 , and the Champions League title match against its Bundesliga rival Borussia Dortmund on May 25 .
`` The team has already made history today , '' Rummenigge said . But if FC Bayern succeeds in winning all three titles , it would be a first in the club 's already storied 113-year history . Even during the golden years of players such as Gerd Müller and Franz Beckenbauer , the team never enjoyed such a triple success .
Quality on the Bench
Indeed , even fans back home in Munich seem a bit puzzled by why things have gone so smoothly this season , given all the other star-studded squads the club has boasted in the past . `` The good results are the upshot of hard work '' DFB sports director Matthias Sammer matter-of-factly concluded after Wednesday 's victory . But , one might ask , has n't the team always worked hard ? Additional insight was provided by Rummenigge , who has been with FC Bayern for some 30 years and knows the club better than almost anyone else . `` I learned this year that a team is made up of 24 rather than just 11 players , '' he said , touching upon the team 's much praised depth and the quality of its players all the way to the far end of the substitutes ' bench .
Rummenigge also drew attention to what clearly sets this Bayern team apart from previous ones -- extraordinary team spirit . Of course , as always , trainer Jupp Heynckes has players whose individual performances make them stand out from the team as a whole . But these days he hardly has any player who makes a show of doing so . The team has rarely been so homogenous , with each player subordinating his individual desires to the shared mission of the team . And Heynckes has also told them in no uncertain terms that they should never be content with doing just what is necessary to win . Keep digging deeper . Never be satisfied .
In both the Bundesliga and the Champions League , this attitude can be seen most prominently when FC Bayern scores the first goal . Then there has to be another , and yet another . Indeed , Heynckes has transformed the natural competitive appetite of his players into a genuine hunger . None of them simply performs his duties with stoicism . Instead , each of them thinks and feels as part of a team and contributes as much as he can .
Focusing on What 's Important
Of course , things have n't always been this way . `` I still think about how crestfallen we were in Munich last year , '' Rummenigge said . But , he added , this year 's `` determined bunch '' is different from the team that suffered a 3-4 loss on penalties in the 2012 Champions League final to Chelsea in Allianz Arena , Bayern 's home stadium . Likewise , he said that , even with all of this year 's successes , the club has stuck to water and never broken out the champagne . He admits to regretting the fact that earlier teams got caught up in celebrating victories rather than `` thinking about the next game . ''
The concept is simple , yet hard to implement : concentrating on what 's important and refusing to be sidetracked by any disruptive influences . But neither a supposedly invincible opponent such as FC Barcelona nor the tax-evasion scandal surrounding club president Uli Hoeness has been able to distract Heynckes ' team from its focus .
Which brings back the question of which team could possibly beat Bayern . Will it be Borussia Dortmund ? Naturally , the team does n't seem particularly worried about the Champions League final at Wembley Stadium . `` It does n't matter who we play against , '' says Mario Mandzukic , the team 's Croatian striker .
Thomas Müller , who plays as both a midfielder and forward and scored three goals in the two shut-out games against FC Barcelona , is somewhat more concrete . `` I have a good feeling this time , '' the 23-year-old says with a grin . `` After all , we won 7-0 against Barcelona . That has n't happened that often in the last century . ''
Both teams in the Champions League final will be able to practice a bit already on Saturday , when Bavaria travels to Dortmund for a first-against-second-place Bundesliga match against Borussia . But , warns FC Bayern full back and team captain Philipp Lahm , one should n't view the match as a dress rehearsal for the Champions League final . `` The Dortmunders celebrated yesterday , and we are celebrating today , '' he said . It 's time for a bit of well-deserved fun , but then it 's right back to business .
Artist Anton Hecht recently created an unusual stop motion film using photos of a giant life-sized mannequin . Instead of doing the animation themselves , the team invited random strangers who were walking by to help move the dummy around in the public square . The video above is what resulted from their help under careful direction .
“ It was a good deal harder and more complex thank it looks to do , ” Hecht tells PetaPixel . He says that the idea had been brewing in his mind for about two years . After finding a mannequin for sale online at a reasonable price recently , the artist decided to actually try the concept .
The project was created for an installation at the Aberystwyth Arts Centre gallery , and was an effort that spanned from dawn until dusk on February 3rd , 2015 .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A suburban developer is planting a high-profile stake in Ohio City , where a project at West 25th Street and Detroit Avenue could form a new link between downtown Cleveland and the city 's West Side .
The Snavely Group of Chagrin Falls has lined up deals to buy two key corners of that intersection for a mixed-use , mixed-income development . On the southwest corner , a pair of historic buildings could be renovated for 35 low-income apartments and ground-floor businesses . To the north , on a site that 's largely a parking lot today , Snavely envisions 205 full-priced apartments and commercial space .
The $ 60 million investment would remake a prominent stretch of road , where more than 30,000 cars and countless buses pass by each day but there 's little incentive to pause , to walk or to hop off a bicycle . Snavely 's vision also might set the tone for other projects along Detroit , a corridor seeing a surge of interest from apartment developers and other real estate investors .
`` This is something that we consider a transformational project not just for Ohio City , but a project that has the ability to redefine the gateway between downtown and the near-West Side of Cleveland , '' said Tom McNair , executive director of the Ohio City Inc. neighborhood group .
`` It 's a unique location and a unique project , '' he added , `` and I think we have the right team in place . ''
Ohio City pioneer agrees to sell
Most of the real estate belongs to the DiIorio family , whose patriarch opened a restaurant and event space called Massimo da Milano in the old Forest City Bank Building in 1989 . Now 77 , Tony DiIorio is ready to stop being a landlord . But he 's not getting out of the restaurant business . Massimo will stay on as a tenant .
`` I 've got weddings booked for three years , '' DiIorio said , joking that he needs the day job to get out of the house and get a break from his wife .
DiIorio 's sons , John and Anthony , run the family 's sheet-metal fabricating plant on Clark Avenue . The three men collectively own the Ohio City real estate and have entered sale agreements with Snavely for an undisclosed price .
`` In the last four or five months , a lot of people come asking me if I want to sell , '' DiIorio said . `` And I tell them no . But then Pete [ Snavely Jr. ] , he bought out my son . He talked him into it . The boys are really busy at the shop , and I do n't think they 've got time to take care of the buildings . So that 's why we made this decision . ''
The DiIorio properties include the Forest City Bank Building , which dates to the early 1900s , and the neighboring Seymour Block building , perhaps best known as the longtime home of Kiefer 's , a popular restaurant that closed in 1991 . The family also owns a large parking lot on the north side of Detroit . Snavely is buying several smaller parcels , just west of that parking lot , from other owners .
The Cuyahoga County Fiscal Office places the combined value of that real estate at roughly $ 2 million , but those appraisals do n't necessarily reflect what Snavely is paying for a prime development site in a hot city neighborhood .
Snavely , who oversees projects in Denver and Cleveland for the family-owned Snavely Group , hopes to close on the Ohio City purchases next year . The new construction project , a five-story building with parking tucked beneath the apartments , could start in late 2015 . That complex also might include offices , restaurants , retailers and a school or other educational tenant .
The entire project , spanning both sides of Detroit , could involve 50,000 square feet of commercial space and 335 parking spots .
Renovations of the historic buildings might start in 2016 . Snavely plans to seek federal and state historic-preservation tax credits for that project , along with tax credits for low-income housing . The developer envisions the lower-cost apartments as homes for teachers , police officers , artists and restaurant workers .
`` Sustainable , integrated communities need a mix of rents , '' Snavely said . `` We think it 's a smart and intelligent way to build communities that have a mix of different people . ''
In an unusual cross-neighborhood collaboration , the Detroit Shoreway Community Development Organization will act as a co-developer on the low-income apartments .
Snavely would n't discuss other potential financing options . Residential projects in Cleveland generally qualify for property-tax abatement . And it 's not unusual to see developers chase public financing for infrastructure work or other costs , though some recent , smaller projects in Ohio City have bucked that trend .
`` We do n't have anything pinned down , but we 've had conversations , '' Snavely said , when asked about incentives . `` This project qualifies for pretty much every tool that you can use in public finance . We 're exploring all of our alternatives to structure this deal financially . ''
Detroit Avenue sees more action
Interest in Detroit Avenue real estate prompted Cleveland City Councilman Joe Cimperman and Ohio City Inc. to push ahead earlier this year with a rezoning designed to encourage mixed-use developments , pedestrian-friendly projects and more ground-floor stores and restaurants .
South of the Snavely site , developer Rick Foran is edging closer to starting work on the long-delayed West 25th Street Lofts project , a revamp of a rambling cluster of historic buildings . Head west on Detroit , and small businesses have populated a district now known as Hingetown , along West 29th Street . Nearby , construction is wrapping up at the new Mariner 's Watch apartments . A similar residential building is slated to replace a former bathhouse nearby .
Cimperman described Snavely 's plan as one that will fill a key gap on Detroit , smoothing the transition between downtown and Ohio City and forging a mixed-income link between largely higher-end residential projects cropping up south of the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway and subsidized housing to the north .
`` Let 's be honest about it , '' Cimperman said . `` There are no accidents . The Shoreway was built , in a sense , to keep people apart . Even the connections are crazy , in terms of how people get from the north to the south . ... One of the things I appreciate about Pete is that he recognizes that there 's a big missing piece . ''
Snavely said it 's too early to talk about rents . He 's working through project details with two architecture firms , Vocon and RDL Architects . He 's talking to the city about broader potential for green space , on city-owned land that abuts the development site and at the southeast corner of West 25th and Detroit , where Ohio City Inc. has raised the prospect of turning a shaky hillside into a park .
And he 's still navigating challenges , including discussions with the city and the Ohio Department of Transportation about a planned walking and biking trail that would cut through the northern portion of his property . That trail , and ODOT 's overall plan to revamp and slow traffic on the Shoreway , could be sweeteners for the Snavely project . But the transit agency 's current designs do n't account for significant new construction north of Detroit .
That conflict is n't necessarily surprising , considering how fast the neighborhood is changing . A corridor lined with overlooked buildings , parking lots and industrial companies is suddenly a magnet for developers seeking Lake Erie views and a slice of the urban apartment boom . Now everyone , from residents to business owners and bureaucrats , is trying to keep up .
`` This is really what we 're talking about with the city right now , '' Snavely said . `` How do we do this ? ''
Plain Dealer news researcher Jo Ellen Corrigan contributed to this story .
WASHINGTON – Republicans on the House Natural Resources Committee have released a report critical of the process used in determining protections afforded under the Endangered Species Act , asserting that peer reviewers are often motivated by bias and conflicts of interest .
The report , titled “ Under the Microscope : An examination of the questionable science and lack of independent peer review in Endangered Species Act listings , ” did not include input from committee Democrats or a response from the Obama administration . The GOP study researched the federal government 's peer review process for 13 different endangered species listings made by the U.S . Fish & Wildlife Service ( FWS ) since July 2013 and found examples of a lack of transparency and consistency .
The agency , according to the report , sometimes employs peer reviewers who authored studies on the species they are reviewing . The GOP staff determined that the peer review process as currently employed by the FWS “ relies on a network of scientists who , if nothing else , have a professional and academic interest in the outcome of the ESA listing decisions they are being asked to review . ”
“ In recruiting peer reviewers , the FWS appears to favor scientists whose views on a species are already well known rather than more independent scientists in other academic or professional fields who would be able to bring a fresh perspective to the science the FWS is citing to support its ESA listing decisions , ” it said .
The FWS does not have clear or consistent procedures in place across all regional offices to ensure that potential peer reviewers undergo a screening to identify possible conflicts of interest or impartiality , the report said . The agency furthermore does n't consistently disclose information regarding who serves as peer reviewers , the instructions they are given or the substance of their comments .
“ The decision of whether or not to list a species under the Endangered Species Act has significant implications for the economy and livelihoods of impacted communities and private landowners , ” said Rep. Doc Hastings ( R-Wash. ) , chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee . “ As such , these important decisions must be based on sound science that has undergone an independent peer review . ”
The report , Hastings said , “ raises troubling concerns about the lack of independence of the peer review process and whether many current , upcoming or recently finalized listing decisions ... are scientifically sound . ”
Hastings expressed particular dismay over inclusion of the White Bluffs bladderpod , which is found in his congressional district . It is a small plant with bright yellow flowers and tiny inflated pods that is n't edible and does n't provide any sort of herbal usage . It is , however , rare , apparently growing only along a 17-mile strip in the Columbia River Basin . FWS lists the bladderpod as threatened but wants to change that designation to endangered . Regional farmers would have to deal with the laws and regulations protecting the endangered species .
The committee majority 's report found that of the four peer reviewers who provided comments about the listing , “ three had invested significant time to the study of the White Bluffs bladderpod. ” One , Dr. Kathryn Beck , identified herself in her comments as “ one of the original discoverers of these amazing plants ” and expressed her desire to “ weigh in if possible . ”
The FWS eventually delayed implementation of the endangered designation in face of a lawsuit requiring extra time for comments . A DNA test on the bladderpod submitted during that period showed that the plant was not a unique subspecies and that the DNA was a 100 percent match with several other samples of bladderpods found in two other states , setting the stage for additional peer review .
One of the five individuals chosen for that review of the DNA evidence was Dr. Steven O'Kane who , according to the report , was a co-plaintiff in a lawsuit regarding protections for the White Bluffs bladderpod .
“ With hundreds of ESA listings driven by this administration 's closed-door settlements with litigious groups , discovery of any potential bias about how ESA data and science are reviewed casts serious doubt on the credibility of these decisions and provides more evidence that the ESA needs continued oversight and updating , ” Hastings said .
The Endangered Species Act of 1973 was designed to protect critically imperiled species from extinction as a `` consequence of economic growth and development untempered by adequate concern and conservation. ” It is particularly unpopular with farmers and developers who often have to deal with regulations protecting various species . But the U.S. Supreme Court has held that the intent of the law `` was to halt and reverse the trend toward species extinction , whatever the cost . ”
In 2011 , the Obama administration reached a settlement with various conservation groups to study whether more than 250 species need protection under the Endangered Species Act , drawing additional opposition from opponents charging that the law is harming economic development .
Gavin Shire , a spokesman for the Fish and Wildlife Service , defended the agency 's actions , insisting that peer review “ is an important part of any scientific endeavor ” and that the agency is following a policy developed in 1994 to solicit independent peer review of proposed listing determinations .
“ Our peer review process is fully compliant with the information quality guidelines established by OMB ( Office of Management and Budget ) , ” he said .
The report is part of an effort by House Republicans to rein in the Endangered Species Act , shifting more of the protection responsibilities to the states . The lower chamber in July adopted legislation requiring the Fish and Wildlife Service to publish its collected information on new endangered species listing and submit annual reports to Congress . The Senate has not yet reciprocated .
Earlier this month Congress approved , and President Obama signed , a $ 1.1 trillion spending package that included language barring the Department of the Interior from funding efforts to protect either the Gunnison sage-grouse or the greater sage-grouse , which were found to be threatened under the act – meaning the agency believes unless steps are taken the species faces the possibility of extinction . Colorado has notified the agency of its intention to stop the designation from being implemented .
About 5,000 Gunnison sage-grouse breeding birds live in southwestern Colorado and southeastern Utah .
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said the rider on the spending bill will not affect efforts to develop and implement federal and state plans that conserve sagebrush habitat or to complete the requisite analysis for potential rulemaking .
“ It 's disappointing that some members of Congress are more interested in political posturing than finding solutions to conserve the sagebrush landscape and the Western way of life , ” Jewell said . “ Rather than helping the communities they profess to benefit , these members will only create uncertainty , encourage conflict and undermine the unprecedented progress that is happening throughout the West . ”
Image caption Meriem says her attackers handcuffed her boyfriend before assaulting her
Tunisia was praised for passing a progressive constitution in January that explicitly protects women against violence . But the protracted case of a Tunisian victim of police rape , who persevered in her pursuit of justice despite being initially charged with indecency , epitomises the challenges that lie ahead .
Despite a verdict in her favour , the 29-year-old woman , who is known under the pseudonym Meriem Ben Mohammed , is still too crushed to speak after the trial .
Two policemen have been found guilty of raping her , and sentenced to seven years in prison . A third officer received a two-year sentence for extorting money from the woman 's fiance .
But according to her lawyers , Meriem broke down during Monday 's hearing when the defendants accused her of having tried to seduce them .
I grabbed the door to try to escape . He shut the door on my hand , and almost tore my finger off Meriem Ben Mohammed
The defence team also provided forensic reports to show that the victim was not a virgin .
Meriem 's legal team suspects that this might have been the reason for what they consider a lenient sentence for rape , as many consider sex outside marriage a taboo in Tunisia .
`` The average sentence in Tunisia for rape is between 10 to 15 years in prison . Lifetime is the maximum , '' says Martin Pradel , one of Meriem 's lawyers .
`` The judge should have considered the fact that they were policemen on duty . They got away lightly . We want to appeal . ''
Meriem agreed to a rare meeting in person before the verdict and sentences were handed down .
Out of fear of being stigmatised by members of her family and the public , she did not want to be identified .
Her left arm was tightly wrapped around her body while she spoke . Her quiet voice broke as she recounted the alleged sexual assault in minute detail .
Handcuffed
The 3rd of September 2012 was meant to be a day of celebration .
Meriem had been out for the evening with her boyfriend , who had just started a new job .
On their way home they stopped their car in Ain Zaghouan , a middle-class suburb of Tunis .
Then , Meriem says , three men - who said they were from the police - asked them to unlock the car door .
Image copyright AFP Image caption The case has been a lightning-rod for those worried about women 's rights in the new Tunisia
Her boyfriend was immediately handcuffed by one of the men , and led to a cash machine , allegedly to extort money .
With her boyfriend out of sight , Meriem says she was dragged by the other two policemen to their car .
`` One got in next to me , and the other one sat in the driver 's seat , '' she says .
`` The one sitting next to me immediately unzipped his pants , pulled my head down and tried to force me to perform oral sex . I pulled my head back and he grabbed my head violently . ''
Then , Meriem says , she was repeatedly raped by both men in the police car .
`` I was so shocked , I went numb . After the first one raped me , I was crying and telling him to let me go , '' she remembers .
The case of Meriem is a public case , not a personal case . It 's part of our long road to democracy Monia Bousselmi , Women 's rights activist
`` I grabbed the door to try to escape . He shut the door on my hand , and almost tore my finger off . ''
Dismissive
The next day Meriem decided to report the rape , but the reaction at the police station was dismissive .
She says she was even taken into police custody , and only released after she had signed a letter agreeing to drop the complaint .
With the help of a team of four lawyers , she eventually managed to file a complaint , but based on witness testimonies of the accused , the public prosecutor initially brought indecency charges against Meriem and her boyfriend .
`` It was like being raped all over again , '' she says .
One of Meriem 's lawyers is Monia Bousselmi a prominent Tunisian women 's rights activist .
Ms Bousselmi has defended rape victims in the past , but this case she says is special .
`` The case of Meriem is a public case , not a personal case . It 's part of our long road to democracy , '' she says .
Women 's rights are one of the battle-grounds in the new Tunisia , after the 2011 ousting of long-time leader Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali .
Image caption Protesters often gathered outside the court during the trial
Family pressure
After an outburst of public anger on social media , as well as protests outside the court , the charges against the couple were eventually dropped .
I 'm scared of the families of my attackers . They came twice to my parents ' place Meriem Ben Mohammed
Tunisian President Moncef Marzouki offered a state apology .
But while the court case was underway , Meriem says her personal details were leaked , and she was contacted on social media , via text message and even in person by family members of the policemen .
`` I 'm scared of the families of my attackers . They came twice to my parents ' place , '' she says .
`` They wanted to talk to me , to try to convince me to back down . They said that I had blood on my hands… that I had made mothers cry … that I had made three families cry … that I will regret what I am doing . ''
Seeking closure
Meriem now lives in France with her boyfriend , but says her life has been revolving around the trial , that was adjourned 11 times before the sentence was passed .
She says that she is suffering from depression and insomnia ; that her studies and her relationship have suffered . She is looking for closure .
Image caption Meriem now lives in France with her boyfriend but travelled back to Tunis to attend the trial
For many of her supporters , who had been gathering outside the court in Tunis , this is a symbolic case .
The security forces here are still operating with the same kind of impunity that they enjoyed under the former regime Amna Guellali , Human Rights Watch
One of them , holding up a banner and singing the national anthem , is Ahlem Bousserwel , who is also a member of the Association of Tunisian Democratic Women ( ATFD ) , one of the largest women 's rights organisations in the country .
`` We have a democratic republic . We need to do more to protect women against violence . This process has taken too long , '' she says .
In January Tunisia was widely praised after adopting a new constitution , which in Article 46 explicitly protects women against violence .
But human rights campaigners say that the case highlights systemic problems when it comes to handling rape cases .
`` There is no framework to protect victims of rape . The reaction of the police and the judiciary are often dismissive , '' says Amna Guellali , Tunisia director for Human Rights Watch .
`` The security forces here are still operating with the same kind of impunity that they enjoyed under the former regime .
`` Members of the police and the judiciary need to be trained on how to deal with women who are victims of sexual violence . ''
'Not about honour '
Ms Guellali thinks that unless there is comprehensive reform of the way the police and the judiciary handle rape cases , Article 46 of the new Tunisian constitution will have little meaning , and rape victims could even feel discouraged from taking legal action .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Many Tunisian women took part in marches to mark International Women 's Day
Meriem thinks the new constitution will make little difference , but hopes that more Tunisian women will follow her example .
`` It 's not about 'honour ' . If we , women , do not stand up for ourselves , it 's pointless . Articles ca n't change anything . Women have to defend themselves , '' she says .
The two lawyers of the accused , the police union , the Tunisian Interior Ministry , the Justice Ministry , as well the Prime Minister 's office were approached for this article , but nobody was made available for comment .
There 's a very big change going on behind the scenes of eSports – a change that could impact all the pro gaming leagues out there , as well as individual players , and eSports , as a whole . Former and current pro gamers Mike “ Hastro ” Rufail and Hector `` H3CZ '' Rodriguez have joined forces with some of the biggest names in advertising and promotions to form Eon Interactive , the first ad agency built on pro and consumer gamer principles .
The co-CEOs will work with Mary McKay as Chief Business Developmental Officer , Tyler Thompson as General Manager and Dale Petroskey will sit on the Board of Directors in an advisory position . One of the central figures in this new agency is Global President Dante Simpson , who founded and is currently the CEO of DSA Media Group . That premiere brand , sports and entertainment marketing company works with clients like Pepsi , Cadillac , Sony Motion Pictures , MTV and Bud Light .
Headquartered in Dallas , Eon operates locations nationally in New York , Chicago and Charlotte . The agency is already working with clients like Activision , Astro Gaming , Gamma Labs and Gunnar Optiks and has a team of approximately 35 pro gamers on its roster , including xJawz , Tmartn , OpTic Predator , Juicetra , OpTic Nadeshot , Jericho and Instinct .
Simpson outlines the expected growth of pro gaming and what roll Eon will play in helping eSports to emerge as one of the major televised sports in the U.S. in this exclusive interview .
What does Eon hope to change with eSports ?
Today , the money is only coming in at the top level for the eSports leagues . By the time it gets down to gamers , only about the top 10 to 15 percent of them are making money . We have Astro Gaming , Gamma Labs and Gunnar Optiks on board already . All of our players and teams coming in are seeing immediate financial benefits . Astro is developing a new gaming headset and Team Eon will be integral in launching that product . I 'm looking forward to what we can do with gamer product , but I also believe there are opportunities to bring in with Fortune 500 brands that are interested in this arena .
How long have you been watching pro gaming ?
I 've been keeping an eye on pro gaming since 2008 . There are parallels to how MMA , and UFC , grew organically . They had core fans before the mainstream even knew what MMA was . In the early days MMA focused on regional , local and nutrition brands as sponsors before Burger King and other big brands entered the sport .
Can you explain what Eon will do in the eSports space ?
We 're coming in as an ad agency and marketing agency and we 're representing the brand and talent . We 're selling both sides of the equation . We are offering brands a direct portal into the gaming community while simultaneously offering the gamer the benefits and corporate engine of the brands . What makes Eon different is that we are an organization founded by gamers for gamers . Major agencies are coming to us because they do n't speak gamer language . The guys in the community know Hastro and H3CZ . Brands understand the value of community .
What are your plans with promoting pro gamers ?
We 're going to build personalities outside of the YouTube community with the use of big brands . With Astro Gaming , Team Eon is the first team they 're fully sponsoring and endorsing . It 's more than just tournament activities . We discuss with astro the build-up and development of upcoming product lines . The build now is more than just at an event and putting a brand image on your shirt . It 's now a relationship that entails representing the brand through live event appearances aid and the development of future product and technology and raising brand awareness . We represent the brand online , in-tournament and in the office space . That 's the relationship .
How do you see Eon being able to work with your DSA Media Group ?
Imagine a film is coming out like Men in Black III and they want to create a commercial campaign for online . We could work within the competitive community , but we also work with consumer gamer community . We might incorporate gamer talent to create online ad campaigns that would reside there . Long-term we look to transition that to TV commercials , the same way Mountain Dew did with Paul Rodriguez and Lil Wayne on TV campaigns representing the skateboarding community on TV . First bring the commercial to gamers , then bring pro gamers to on-air commercials and the masses .
What similarities do you see between eSports today and the growth of extreme sports in the U.S. over the years ?
Eon is a brand-new entity launching on Monday that 's gaming-centric and gaming exclusive . We 've been talking to major brands and they had no idea what type of live hits pro gaming events get today . It 's similar to skateboarding . We 've worked with the Maloof Cup for years and we 've seen how skateboarders have risen from a popular niche sport into a mainstream sensation with athletes like Tony Hawk and Shaun White . If we can bring that to gamers and create some mainstream personalities , eSports could be huge .
What are some examples in the sports world of brand building that pro gamers can emulate ?
Look at what Tony Hawk did . He built a brand and an enterprise . He does n't skate any more but he can take care of generations to come . I saw a jump drive at Staples the other day with a skateboard with Tony Hawk 's signature on it . Who would have thought he 'd do that . We wish to build those brands . Shaun White is another example of a non-traditional athlete who has grown into a huge empire with Target and Stride and other big brands .
How do you see coverage of eSports progressing ?
Things are evolving with pro gaming with the deals that MLG has made with CBS Interactive and IGN launching its IPL . Gaming has built a tradition of where they house their platforms . I think we 'll see new platforms hosting podcasts and digital content moving forward . Television will become a part of the future of this platform . One limitation with television is that you lose your global appeal . The online coverage and will not leave because live streams extend beyond borders . That 's where the brands are going to come over to gaming . Live streams offer a true global reach platform .
What role will TV play in the future of eSports ?
Television optimizes the brand . It puts you in the household in front of someone who might never watch live streaming of a pro gaming event . It 's ensuring that the community embraces you and understands you 're legitimate and not just a fabrication of media . You need to be authentic within the community , but you do need to get on television . It 's a natural transition to building a brand like Tony Hawk and Shaun White have done . It 's a necessity . It 's part of the sell when we speak to people . These pro gamers have such a following that it 's built-in promotion for these guys . That 's what Shaun White had . The network fully supported him because the push of Shaun would push everyone else who followed him . As we push forward with four or five faces in pro gaming , they 'll open the door for the rest of the eSports community .
What role do you see female pro gamers playing in this space moving forward ?
When we took a look at percentages in the games community , I thought it was as male-dominated as sports but it was n't . Forty percent of gamers today are female . Pro gaming has OpTic Midnite and OpTic Jewel and some other female pros . As this brand grows , you 'll see tremendous growth within the female market . Based on use alone , we believe usage will translate to a competitive field . I tell guys to watch over their shoulder because the girls are coming .
Will Eon support female pro gamers ?
We 'll absolutely support female pro gamers . We 're looking for that face , but we want them to go through the proving grounds of style and environment . We want that female to come through the ranks and be a top-tier national gamer or global gamer . We 're not trying to build the ideal female gamer just for the sake of media attention like we 've seen in other sports like tennis . We want that female who has the passion for gaming but who 's also making waves in the community .
Where do you see pro gaming five years from now ?
Five years from now feel pro gaming will be mentioned with the majors . Not the NFL or NBA or MLB , but eSports will replace one of the major sports . UFC has grown into a major sport today and eSports will be mentioned with the majors . I also believe eSports will outperform all the others sports online , including the NFL , when it comes to its digital impact .
When you mention a major sport do you mean like tennis or soccer ?
Soccer on a global platform , no , domestically eSports could replace it . Tennis is also possible . eSports feels like it 's doubling every year with the size and scope of tournaments and its sheer popularity . Sports like soccer and tennis are on the decline in the U.S. Americans do n't follow a sport when the U.S. is not involved with major participants . There 's an opportunity for emerging sports in this country .
Mitchell Caverns
Providence Mountains State Recreation Area
Located within the Mojave National Preserve
After being closed for nearly seven years due to major infrastructure upgrades , Providence Mountains State Recreation Area is now open .
Buildings in the park have been repaired . The Cavern has been inspected . They have installed new LED lighting in the caves ( shown in photos ) . This should be a big improvement . The park road has been patched and the parking lot resealed . The access route to the visitor center has also been improved . Likewise Mojave National Preserve , right next to the Caverns , has patched and resealed the entire length of Essex Road from the freeway to the park gate .
Mitchell Caverns
Tours of the Mitchell Caverns or the Providence Mountains SRA - Fridays through Sundays ( including Mondays that fall on a holiday )
Watch Video
Mitchell Caverns consists of limestone caves that feature a wide variety of formations . Trips through the caverns are conducted by guided tours only and last about 1 1/2 hours . Although the tour is not strenuous , there is a half-mile walk to the cave entrance from the visitor center and another half-mile walk through the caverns on uneven ground . The area became a California State Park in 1956 and still contains the only limestone caves in the California State Park system .
Mitchell Caverns ' creation was primarily due to sedimentary limestone and metamorphised limestone ( marble ) being dissolved by ground water high in carbonic acid content . After the dissolution , caverns were formed ; the continued dripping of highly mineralized ground water into the caverns produced stalactites ( dripstone deposits extending downward from the ceiling ) and stalagmites ( dripstone deposits building upward in mound-form from the floor ) .
Jack Mitchell was the first owner and promoter of Mitchell Caverns . The Caverns were hard to reach and there were little funds available to improve the roads . Jack had to improve the roads and build the rock facilities that are now used by the Park Service .
Even after opening the Caverns to the public , Jack Mitchell retained his interest in attempting to locate silver and other valuable deposits . The location of prospect holes and tunnels that he dug in this search , many along the Caverns ' trail , can still be seen but have been blocked off as a safety precaution . Mitchell Caverns consists of three basic caves that he called `` El Pakiva , '' or the Devil 's House ; `` Tecopa , `` named for one of the last chiefs of the Shoshone Indians ; and the deep and vertical `` Winding Stair Cave , '' a dangerous cavern that is off-limits to the general public .
For many years it was thought that the Caverns were no longer `` living , '' which means stalactites and stalagmites were not `` growing . '' But heavy rains in some recent years have brought back some signs of life . Mitchell Caverns have been the subject of a number of scientific studies because they contain unusual formations not found in most other limestone caves . bookkeeper of the Caves - Mitchell Caverns originally titled Jack Mitchell Caveman , this expanded second edition ( 2003 ) features many new photographs , restores the missing chapter on famous botanist Mary Beal and includes a foreword by renowned Mojave Desert historian , Dennis Casebier . For Video Tour of Mitchell Caverns Continued on page 2 -- More photo , map and tour information Amboy Crater Bristol Dry Lake Cinder Cones Goffs School Hole in the Wall Kelso Depot Kelso Dunes Mitchell Caverns
For a Book and Map of the area see our
Mojave National Preserve Introductory Package
Mohave Road guide
Hiking the Mojave Desert
Share this page on Facebook :
DesertUSA Newsletter -- We send articles on hiking , camping and places to explore , as well as animals , wildflower reports , plant information and much more . Sign up below or read more about the DesertUSA newsletter here . ( It 's Free . )
FREE DESERTUSA
NEWSLETTER Enter E-Mail address :
The Desert Environment
The North American Deserts
Desert Geological Terms
247 SHARES Facebook Twitter Flipboard Stumbleupon Reddit
Like the fabled city of El Dorado…
China 's 1.4 billion people loom as a tantalizing opportunity for a growing number of craft brewers . And for an increasing number of travelers seeking to experience the country 's iconic heritage sites , it 's becoming easier to find a local craft beer to slake one 's thirst after a long day of exploring .
To introduce the curious beer traveler and intrepid brewer to what I call , China 's Great Hop Forward , I wrote a book . How to Drink Beer in Mandarin is an English-Chinese glossary with hundreds of beer terms translated into Chinese . It also offers resources – like language learning , travel information , drinking etiquette , and a list of China 's craft breweries – to help you put the glossary into action .
Why China ?
When it came time for me to declare a major in university in 1998 , I considered my career prospects with respect to my interest in the competition between NATO and the Soviet bloc . A saturated job market for Political Science graduates meant there were few opportunities , so I asked myself , where would the next opportunity be ?
With the growing economic liberalization under China 's leader , Deng Xiaoping , seeming to follow in the footsteps of the Four Asian Tigers ( Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea , and Taiwan ) , I decided I should study China . Considering the country 's dramatic transformation over the past 35 years , it seems I made the right decision .
Early Days
I first visited China on January 25 , 1992 . A sense of unease sat in the pit of my stomach as my train plodded through the Guangdong countryside en route to Guangzhou from Hong Kong . I suppose part of it was the butterflies from venturing outside your comfort zone . The other part likely came from the staff 's uniforms which reminded me of the power officialdom can bring to bear on the perceived wrongdoer , agitator , criminal , or spy . I was going to Red China !
Once through immigration and customs controls at the Guangzhou train station , any trepidation vanished . I was more intrigued by the bustling , smudged streets of Guangdong 's capital . It felt like stepping back in time . You saw it in the primitive utility vehicles , people 's drab clothing , limited consumer goods , and dim street lighting after dusk . It was even in people 's conservative social interactions .
At least the Tsingtao lager was cheap , even when you paid an inflated price way above that charged locals . Visitors had to use Foreign Exchange Certificates set at a higher exchange rate than the actual value of the local currency .
My First Craft Beer in China
The first time I enjoyed craft beer in China was on the evening of September 17 , 2010 . After a month of trying to avoid skunked light lager in Southwest China , I boarded a plane for Beijing . Flipping through an English language newspaper a stewardess had handed to me , I saw a notice about a six-band rock concert that evening in the capital .
Wow ! Things must have changed since I left Asia in 1998 . For as long as I remembered , the Chinese government had been suspicious about rock music . They were n't above censoring or vetoing big name acts like Bob Dylan , Oasis , or the Rolling Stones . Maybe the social liberalization that I had witnessed over the previous four weeks also extended to this form of Western spiritual pollution .
An inexperienced-sounding band was playing as I entered the club , so I sidled up to the bar to see what was on offer . Scanning the beer menu , my eyes suddenly stopped . Duvel ! They had Duvel ! It was the equivalent of $ 8.00 a bottle , but after the previous month 's struggle , I was in the mood for a treat .
As the bartender pulled the familiar white-labeled , squat bottle from the fridge , he reached for a glass . Lo and behold , it was none other than a Duvel tulip . Lest the moment be ruined with a bad pour , I grabbed the bottle and glass to savour a golden moment with some subversive Chinese rock .
My First Chinese Craft Beer
A month after returning to Vancouver , I heard from Ratebeer friends that Great Leap Brewing had opened in Doujiao Hutong in Beijing . This was just three blocks from the hotel I had stayed at ! Curious , I started researching the state of craft beer in China .
The following year , I was introduced to a Shanghai brewery investor 's classmate who was working as a consultant to Canadian companies wanting to enter the China market . We began discussing how we might tap into this evolving opportunity . The first step , however , was to do some on-the-ground research to better understand the state of the market .
We arrived in Shanghai on November 6 , 2011 . After the mandatory Maglev entrée to the city , we took a taxi and checked into our hotel . By that time we were getting hungry , so Greg led us to a Sichuan restaurant he knew . For beer , we went with Harbin lager , the least of the available macro evils .
You might say that having a beer from an AB InBev-owned northern Chinese brewery with Sichuan food in Shanghai , is not exactly starting off a craft beer trip on the right foot . To rectify the situation , we decided to pay a visit to The Bund Brewery , one of Shanghai 's first craft breweries .
Typical for a Bräuhaus , three house brews were on tap – a Helles , a Dunkel , and a Hefeweizen . While a welcome change to the watery industrial brands , they lacked the crispness and finesse of European benchmark beers . Without the raucousness you find in many Chinese establishments to carry us on , we called it a night .
Vanguard of the Revolution
Fortunately , the rest of our trip revealed more promising developments . We met Leon Mickelson at The BREW in Pudong 's Kerry Hotel one quiet afternoon . Leon was very kind in giving us a tour of his impressive , three-storey , glass-enclosed brewhouse and samples of his two lagers , four ales , and craft cider . All were well-executed , although none aimed to challenge the palate , which was sensible given the stage of the market 's development .
Cultural change takes a patient guide to show the way . In Shanghai , that person was Jackie Zhou . Jackie is an enthusiastic homebrewer with a passion for sharing his love of craft beer . He presides over Jackie 's Beer Nest , a snug beer bar offering a finely-curated selection of local and import craft beer . A person like Jackie is key to bringing the Chinese under the craft beer umbrella .
You also need someone pushing the boundaries . That was Mike Jordan at Boxing Cat Brewery . He found his way from Widmer Brothers to Shanghai via Bryggeriet S.C. Fuglsang . In anticipation of our visit , Mike had chosen to release his Oaked Glasgow Kiss Scotch Ale aged on American oak Cabernet Sauvignon barrels . We spent an all-too-short evening chatting about his experiences in China .
Of all the breweries we visited that November , Beijing 's Great Leap Brewing offered the most Chinese experience . They occupied a traditional courtyard house hidden away in a warren of narrow alleys . American , Carl Setzer , and his Chinese wife , Liu Fang , had converted it into a rudimentary brewpub . While their ales were Western-based , their branding was distinctly Chinese with Chinese ingredients employed in the brews .
The Great Hop Forward
Five years since my first craft beer journey to China , the beachhead has grown to encompass much of the country . From Xi'an to Xiamen , Dali to Qiqiha'er , craft breweries have sprung up in the provinces ' main cities . There is even Tibetan craft beer in Shangri-la ! Craft brewing associations now span the nation , while homebrewing clubs inspired by Gao Yan 's homebrewing bible , Get Your Own Brew , spawn the next wave of brewers .
Further signs of China 's arrival on the global craft beer stage are the growing number of international beer collaborations its brewers have been involved in and the awards they are winning at competitions . In this year 's World Beer Cup , Boxing Cat was the first Mainland Chinese craft brewery to place in the winner 's circle . Their Ringside Red captured silver in the American-Style Amber Lager category .
As the craft beer trend in China progresses , a growing number of foreign brands are entering the market . Success is not guaranteed . The country 's beer culture is still evolving and regional differences need to be recognized , which is why understanding the language of craft beer in China is essential .
How to Drink Beer in Mandarin : An English-Chinese Craft Beer Glossary is available for download as an e-book on Amazon.com and via Smashwords for US $ 4.99 .
The proven tipster that is @ evleaks has tweeted some news about a new Nokia joining T-Mobile at some time in the foreseeable future.We know nothing other than a codename , “ Monarch. ” Based on such a moniker we believe that it will be a high-end device , possibly an exclusive variant of the Lumia 930 that is rumored to make an official appearance either at Build 2014 or at Nokia 's media event which is happening just down the street.Right now , anything we offer is pure conjecture , but the rumor mill has been spinning the Lumia 930 as a more widely distributed version of the Verizon exclusive Lumia Icon . The Monarch may be a T-Mobile variant of the 930 , or it may be an exclusive model for a while . Since these devices are coming to a head around the Windows Phone 8.1 announcement , we could gather that these will be the initial banner devices packing the new OS out of the box , but we will assume nothing for now . Nokia is holding an event late in the afternoon of the first day of Build 2014 and has been promoting it with a # moreLumia hashtag . We are fairly confident that we will see at least an on-stage introduction of some of these devices at Build , but we are even more excited about what kind of coverage we can provide from the Nokia event.If the news-to-date holds true as it is right now , we might just see three Nokia Lumia devices in the spotlight next Wednesday , the Lumia 630 /635 “ Moneypenny , ” the Lumia 930 “ Martini , ” and the Nokia “ Monarch. ” Either way , you can count on PhoneArena.com bring you coverage from Nokia 's # moreLumia event and from Build 2014.source : @ evleaks ( Twitter )
16 April 2016 | Rogermex
10 | I do n't give out `` 10 '' s easily
Just saw this amazing film . Came home and told my wife how awesome it was , `` never saw anything like it . '' ( I know she wo n't see it because she ca n't stand seeing snakes , but that 's a different story ) . But , I have to admit , it does remind me of other films . Yes , someone mentioned `` 2001 : A Space Odyssey , '' but , considering the gorgeous black & white cinematography , and the theme of white men being guided to heightened consciousness by a shamanic character , I have to cite Jim Jarmusch 's wonderful `` Dead Man '' in the American West .
The two actors playing the young and older shaman were phenomenal .
I do n't think the scene of religious madness is out of place , because it contrasts effectively with the predominant theme of naturalistic and cultural spiritualism .
Visually , it is spectacular .
We need more movies like this . I hate lil domestic dramas that belong on network TV . And I 'll add that I hate comic book superhero movies ( are we ready to hurl yet ? )
And ya know what , since there 's a surfeit of great dramas and visionary brilliance such as that of Stanley Kubrick and Paul Thomas Anderson , I do n't care to see so many g-damn documentaries in theaters . If I want non-fiction , I 'll read a book ( but then I do n't often read non- fiction books either ! )
We need stories ! Myths ( not comic book myths ) , imagination ! Visions !
This great film fit the bill . Something WAY out of the ordinary .
One of the surprising themes of this weekend 's Values Voter Summit was the number of speakers who demanded the elimination of the legislative filibuster in the U.S. Senate as a way to clear a path for passage of right-wing legislation .
Senate filibuster rules are meant to encourage bipartisanship , negotiation and compromise by requiring the consent of 60 senators to end debate on an issue and bring it to a vote . Senate rules are often frustrating to the party in power , but are part of the federal government 's structural checks and balances . They force the Senate to operate differently from the House of Representatives , where simple majority rules .
During President Obama 's two terms , Republicans led by Sen. Mitch McConnell used , misused and abused every procedural weapon in their arsenal to obstruct action on his agenda and his executive and judicial branch nominees . Eventually , Senate Democrats eliminated the 60-vote filibuster for lower-court judicial nominees in the face of across-the-board and ongoing GOP intransigence . This year , following the unprecedented , nearly year-long blockade of Merrick Garland , President Obama 's nominee to the Supreme Court , Republicans immediately lowered the filibuster threshold for Supreme Court nominees in order to confirm Justice Neil Gorsuch . The legislative filibuster , however , has been preserved .
But some right-wing leaders have suddenly discovered that they believe that the legislative filibuster is unconstitutional . Or at least , they have decided to embrace that argument as justification for doing away with the rules so that they can take advantage of the current , probably temporary , window in which they control the White House and both houses of Congress . Right-wing House leaders , backed by Religious Right leaders and Steve Bannon , are demanding that the Senate do away with the filibuster so that they can push their entire agenda into law while they have the political muscle to do so .
The 60-vote filibuster came under attack during the summit 's first panel , which featured right-wing House members Vicky Hartzler , Mark Walker and Mike Johnson . Hartzler raised the issue first ; Walker said current Republican dominance creates a “ once-in-a-lifetime ” opportunity to pass tax reform .
The panel was followed by Rep. Mark Meadows , head of the right-wing Freedom Caucus , who picked up the anti-filibuster message , saying “ it is time that we get rid of the 60-vote cloture rule in the Senate and start ruling like a majority. ” Meadows also foreshadowed Bannon 's declaration of civil war within the GOP , comparing some of his Republican colleagues to “ duds ” —bullets that are defective and do n't fire—but have been left in the chamber anyway . “ It 's time that we eject them , ” he said .
The anti-filibuster rhetoric continued at lunchtime for those who attend the American Family Association Action luncheon honoring Roy Moore , the twice-ousted Alabama chief justice who just won a Republican Senate primary with backing from Bannon and the Religious Right . Before Moore spoke , AFA Action Vice President Rob Chambers showed a slide featuring the photos of 30 Republican senators he said were “ participating in Democratic obstruction by supporting the continuation of filibuster rules . ”
Moore himself took up the filibuster rule , saying “ I 'll tell the president how to get rid of it . It 's unconstitutional. ” The Senate , he said , has “ no right to have such a rule , ” adding that it “ should be gone tomorrow . ”
“ Let 's get it gone , because it 's not supposed to be there , ” he said . “ It prevents getting to issues . You 're hiding behind things , and not voting on bills , like the abortion bill that 's coming up . We 've got to get rid of it and get back to the Constitution . ”
The rhetoric continued on Saturday as part of Bannon 's declaration of war against the Republican establishment . He warned senators worried about keeping their jobs to abandon McConnell and clear the path for Trump 's agenda by advocating against the filibuster .
Even anti-abortion activist David Daleiden got in on the act , saying it would be possible to defund Planned Parenthood “ if the U.S. Senate would do its job , abolish the filibuster and return to constitutional order . ”
The Heritage Foundation , a Values Voter Summit sponsor in some previous years but not listed as one this year , may need some convincing . In April , it published a commentary arguing that preserving the legislative filibuster is “ critical ” for conservatives . Sen. Mike Lee , usually admired by self-styled “ constitutional conservatives , ” defended the filibuster at a Heritage policy session last year .
But the number of Values Voter Summit speakers who called for elimination of the filibuster suggests that Bannon and the right-wing troops rallying to his leadership will have little patience for the arguments of “ insiders ” or their long-term considerations about what is good for the country . Like Bannon , they 're out to do as much damage to the federal government as they can while they have Republican majorities in Congress and a president willing to sign what they send him . We 'll find out soon whether the filibuster will be one line of attack in the “ civil war ” Bannon has launched against his fellow Republicans .
Mariamma Sebastian , 65 , has regularly been on the phone for the last three days enquiring about the safety of her two sons , Thomas and Isaac , who are employed as construction workers in Doha . They left the coastal town of Kozhikode in southern Kerala state two years ago to work for the construction projects related to the 2022 football World Cup Qatar is scheduled to host .
`` For now , they are safe . But I am concerned and hope the situation normalizes . They send money regularly and I hope nothing happens to them , '' Sebastian told DW .
Read : World Cup puts spotlight on Qatar 's migrant workers
In Kerala 's commercial capital Kochi , Pullikose Mathew , a retailer , has also been on tenterhooks . He says his nephew Samuel , who works as a technician in the Middle Eastern country , is worried . `` He has had a good job so far . But this crisis is something we never anticipated . I hope all turns out well , '' Pullikose told DW from Kochi .
Like Mariamma and Pullikose , there are thousands of families from Kerala and other parts of India who are concerned by the rapid flow of events shaking the Middle East .
Qatar is one of the richest countries in the world in per capita GDP terms and sits atop one of the largest reserves of natural gas
Paying close attention
Saudi Arabia , Egypt and the UAE , along with some other Arab countries , severed their ties with Qatar on Monday , accusing Doha of backing Islamist groups and their archrival Iran . Qatar has denied the allegations .
They have also cut air , sea and land links with the tiny , gas-rich nation , thus making it extremely tough to ship goods in and out of Qatar .
Read : Jordan downgrades Qatari ties
Countries like the US and Kuwait have called on the squabbling parties to remain united and work toward easing the tensions . Their appeals do not seem to have produced the desired result , as reports suggest that the Saudi-led coalition is apparently mulling imposing an economic embargo on Qatar , which relies on imports for most goods .
Isolated incidents of panic buying to stock up on essential commodities have been reported in the local media .
The problems affecting Qatar are being closely watched in India .
One of the richest nations in the world in per capita terms , Qatar has a small population of about 2.7 million people . Indian expatriates residing there account for the largest segment of the population , with the size of the community estimated to be around 650,000 or about a quarter of the total inhabitants . In fact , Indians outnumber native Qataris by almost 2 to 1 .
Read : Scores of Asian migrants left stranded and penniless in Saudi Arabia
Many Indians in Qatar are employed as technicians , electricians , construction workers , drivers and domestic help . They send huge sums of remittances - worth billions of dollars - to India annually .
It 's therefore unsurprising that calls have been growing for the Indian government to intervene and ensure the safety of Indian nationals living in Qatar . Kerala 's Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has written letters to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj seeking their intervention .
Watch video 00:59 Share Qatar citizens storm supermarkets Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/2eCkC Qatar citizens storm supermarkets after trade partners cut food shipments
Ensuring safety
PM Modi 's administration has so far tried to downplay the situation . `` There is no challenge arising out of this for us . This is an internal matter of the Gulf Cooperation Council and it has happened earlier also . Our only concern is about Indians there . We are trying to find out if any Indians are stuck there , '' said Foreign Minister Swaraj .
`` I do n't think India has any stakes in the crisis , '' Lalit Mansingh , a former Indian diplomat , told DW . `` But we have to be concerned about our citizens , '' he added .
The Indian Embassy in Qatar has issued an advisory assuring the Indians of their safety . `` The embassy of India is monitoring the situation closely and is in touch with the Qatari authorities to ensure the safety and security of Indian nationals in Qatar , '' the advisory read .
Read : Saudi Arabia revokes Qatar Airways ' operating license
Indian authorities insist the current crisis is precipitated by conflicts within the Gulf Cooperation Council and there 's nothing for Indians to worry about at the moment . `` If push comes to shove , ministers from the foreign ministry will be sent to douse the situation . But we do n't see that scenario unfolding , '' a senior foreign ministry official told DW .
The crisis , if not resolved soon , could also impact trade ties between India and Qatar . Bilateral commerce is worth over $ 8 billion and several Indian companies and banks have presence in the country . 14 Indian schools also operate in Qatar , educating over 30,000 Indian students .
The businesses are likely to see their operational costs rise as a result of the economic damage from the dispute . India 's airlines are already feeling the pinch as they face higher costs from having to fly planes in a circuitous route over Pakistan and Iran to reach Qatar .
The Packers ' 31-24 victory Sunday placed them first in the NFC North and finalized their 2017 home and away opponents . The dates of each game will be determined in the spring when the full regular-season schedule is released .
Home opponents ( * playoff team ) : Chicago Bears , Detroit Lions * , Minnesota Vikings , New Orleans Saints , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Baltimore Ravens , Cincinnati Bengals , Seattle Seahawks *
Road opponents : Bears , Lions * , Vikings , Atlanta Falcons * , Carolina Panthers , Cleveland Browns , Pittsburgh Steelers * , Dallas Cowboys *
My take : For the second straight year , the Packers wo n't play west of the Central time zone , making their travel about as light as possible . That 's a big difference from 2015 , when they played at San Francisco , Denver , Oakland and Arizona -- the games at the Raiders and Cardinals came on back-to-back December weekends . The two games based on the position the Packers finished -- against Seattle and Dallas -- will be rematches of games played at Lambeau Field this past season .
PLEASE READ BEFORE POSTING
Voting in linked threads is against subreddit rules , and is not the behavior of good internet neighbors . Links to other Reddit threads require a non-participation format , i.e . 'np.reddit.com ' .
Rule 1 : No voting in linked threads . No brigading .
Rule 1a : Do your part to help prevent it , and ensure that all linked submissions use the non-participation format , i.e . 'np.reddit.com ' . And not ' : Do your part to help prevent it , and ensure that all linked submissions use the non-participation format , i.e . 'np.reddit.com ' . And not ' www.np.reddit.com ' either because that treats mobile users as second-class citizens .
Rule 2 : Please be sure that you have the anatomy right before you accuse others . Please be sure that you have the anatomy right before you accuse others . Wikipedia is a place to start
Rule 3 : Counterjerking is OK as long it 's not too much . We 'll know it when we see it .
Rule 4 : You do n't have to be polite but let 's not be guttersnipes either .
Rule 5 : The vulva is not the vagina . We do n't give a damn about your invocations of prescriptivism . Take it up with the guys at The vulva is not the vagina . We do n't give a damn about your invocations of prescriptivism . Take it up with the guys at Language Log
Rule 6 : Use the [ Misogynatomy ] tag when applicable . If the linked bad anatomy is accompanied by hateful ideas that are likely to enrage this sub 's readers more than amuse please include the [ Misogynatomy ] tag so folks have fair warning about content . This tag is meant for links to The Red Pill and other similar content .
Rule 7 : Posts or comments belittling , criticizing and/or denying the experiences of trans women are not acceptable here .
Rule 8 : Anyone following our users to other subs or sending them private messages to continue or expand on arguments will be banned .
“ A public library can mean different things to different people . For me , the library offers our best example of the public commons . For many , the library upholds the 19th-century belief that the future of democracy is contingent upon an educated citizenry . For others , the library simply means free access to the Internet , or a warm place to take shelter , a chance for an education , or the endless possibilities that jump to life in your imagination the moment you open the cover of a book . ”
Photographer Robert Dawson writes , “ There are over 17,000 public libraries in this country . Since I began the project in 1994 , I have photographed hundreds of libraries in 48 states . From Alaska to Florida , New England to the West Coast , the photographs reveal a vibrant , essential , yet threatened system .
Letter from author E.B . White to Marguerite Hart , the first children 's librarian at the Troy Public Library in Troy , NY . “ In 1971 Hart contacted a number of public figures , asking each to write a letter to the children of Troy describing the significance of libraries and his or her own experiences of reading . ”
The following essay is excerpted from The Public Library : A Photographic Essay by Robert Dawson , published by Princeton Architectural Press , 2014 .
A Country Without Libraries , by Charles Simic
All across the United States , large and small cities are closing public libraries or curtailing their hours of operations . Detroit , I read a few days ago , may close all of its branches and Denver half of its own : decisions that will undoubtedly put hundreds of its employees out of work . When you count the families all over this country who do n't have computers or ca n't afford Internet connections and rely on the ones in libraries to look for jobs , the consequences will be even more dire . People everywhere are unhappy about these closings , and so are mayors making the hard decisions . But with roads and streets left in disrepair ; teachers , policemen , and firemen being laid off ; and politicians in both parties pledging never to raise taxes , no matter what happens to our quality of life , the outlook is bleak . “ The greatest nation on earth , ” as we still call ourselves , no longer has the political will to arrest its visible and precipitous decline and save the institutions on which the workings of our democracy depend .
I do n't know of anything more disheartening than the sight of a shut-down library . No matter how modest its building or its holdings , in many parts of this country a municipal library is often the only place where books in large number on every imaginable subject can be found , where both grownups and children are welcome to sit and read in peace , free of whatever distractions and aggravations await them outside . Like many other Americans of my generation , I owe much of my knowledge to thousands of books I withdrew from public libraries over a lifetime . I remember the sense of awe I felt as a teenager when I realized I could roam among the shelves , take down any book I wanted , examine it at my leisure at one of the library tables , and if it struck my fancy , bring it home . Not just some thriller or serious novel , but also big art books and recordings of everything from jazz to operas and symphonies .
In Oak Park , Illinois , when I was in high school , I went to the library two or three times a week , though in my classes I was a middling student . Even in wintertime , I 'd walk the dozen blocks to the library , often in rain or snow , carrying a load of books and records to return , trembling with excitement and anticipation at all the tantalizing books that awaited me there . The kindness of the librarians , who , of course , all knew me well , was also an inducement . They were happy to see me read so many books , though I 'm sure they must have wondered in private about my vast and mystifying range of interests .
I 'd check out at the same time , for instance , a learned book about North American insects and bugs , a Louis-Ferdinand Céline novel , the poems of Hart Crane , an anthology of American short stories , a book about astronomy , and recordings by Bix Beiderbecke and Sidney Bechet . I still ca n't get over the generosity of the taxpayers of Oak Park . It 's not that I started out life being interested in everything ; it was spending time in my local , extraordinarily well-stacked public library that made me so .
This was just the start . Over the years I thoroughly explored many libraries , big and small , discovering numerous writers and individual books I never knew existed , a number of them completely unknown , forgotten , and still very much worth reading . No class I attended at the university could ever match that . Even libraries in overseas army bases and in small , impoverished factory towns in New England had their treasures , like long-out-of-print works of avant-garde literature and hard-boiled detective stories of near-genius .
Wherever I found a library , I immediately felt at home . Empty or full , it pleased me just as much . A boy and a girl doing their homework and flirting ; an old woman in obvious need of a pair of glasses squinting at a dog-eared issue of the New Yorker ; a prematurely gray-haired man writing furiously on a yellow pad surrounded by pages of notes and several open books with some kind of graphs in them ; and , the oddest among the lot , a balding elderly man in an elegant blue pinstripe suit with a carefully tied red bow tie , holding up and perusing a slim , antique-looking volume with black covers that could have been poetry , a religious tract , or something having to do with the occult . It 's the certainty that such mysteries lie in wait beyond its doors that still draws me to every library I come across .
I heard some politicians say recently that closing libraries is no big deal , since the kids now have the Internet to do their reading and schoolwork . It 's not the same thing . As any teacher who recalls the time when students still went to libraries and read books could tell him , study and reflection come more naturally to someone bent over a book . Seeing others , too , absorbed in their reading , holding up or pressing down on different-looking books , some intimidating in their appearance , others inviting , makes one a participant in one of the oldest and most noble human activities . Yes , reading books is a slow , time-consuming , and often tedious process . In comparison , surfing the Internet is a quick , distracting activity in which one searches for a specific subject , finds it , and then reads about it—often by skipping a great deal of material and absorbing only pertinent fragments . Books require patience , sustained attention to what is on the page , and frequent rest periods for reverie , so that the meaning of what we are reading settles in and makes its full impact .
How many book lovers among the young has the Internet produced ? Far fewer , I suspect , than the millions libraries have turned out over the last hundred years . Their slow disappearance is a tragedy , not just for those impoverished towns and cities , but for everyone everywhere terrified at the thought of a country without libraries .
Universities must agree to a series of reforms in return for any increases in funding , Minister for Education Richard Bruton has said .
Mr Bruton conceded that universities were under funding pressure following the publication of global rankings that saw all but one of the State 's universities fall , but said “ virtually every part of the public service ” was experiencing similar problems .
He was “ absolutely ” considering reforms in return for additional funding , but also suggested that any such increases – which university heads say are vital to sustain the system – would only come about as part of a longer-term plan .
“ I made it absolutely clear that any new money , whether it comes from students , employers or , indeed , it comes from the State , it has to be locked into policy tools that deliver the priorities that people would expect , ” Mr Bruton said in response to calls from heads of universities and third-level teachers for more funding for their institutions .
Skill gaps
“ So I would be very keen to see a reform in the funding mechanism as well as the amount of funding so that we can leverage more impact from our higher education system . ”
Heads of universities said the fall in the global rankings of Irish universities was the consequence of a decade of cutbacks to the sector , and third-level representatives warned of a crisis in the colleges caused by growing student numbers and a lack of investment .
Trinity is the only Irish university ranked in the top 100 international universities , and it and all other universities here except NUI Galway are rated lower than last year in this year 's world university rankings .
Crisis
He dismissed suggestions by some university leaders yesterday that a proportion of corporation tax should be set aside exclusively for the third-level sector .
Two months ago a major report into the funding of higher education by former trade union leader Peter Cassells said the sector needed a long-term funding solution , and laid out options , including increased State investment and a student-loan system .
Mr Bruton has not yet indicated his preferences , but said he wanted to build a political consensus on the issue . He said the report would soon be discussed by the Oireachtas education committee .
However , he also indicated that higher education was only one of a number of sectors that would be seeking priority in the forthcoming budget , citing especially pressures in housing and health .
The fist-sized piece of silver metal that houses the compressor inlet temperature sensor inside a jet engine is a part that 's a bit obscure even for many aviation aficionados . Starting now , however , it 's becoming a symbol of one of the biggest changes sweeping jet engine design .
The housing for the sensor , known as T25 , recently became the first 3D-printed part certified by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) to fly inside GE commercial jet engines .
GE Aviation is currently working with Boeing to retrofit more than 400 GE90-94B jet engines – some of the world 's largest and most powerful – with the 3D printed part . The GE90 family of engines powers Boeing 's 777 planes .
But the 3D-printed housing wo n't be an outlier for long . GE has already started flight tests with the next-generation LEAP jet engine , which holds 19 3D-printed fuel nozzles . The engine , which will power new narrow-body planes like the Boeing 737MAX and the Airbus A320neo , was developed by CFM International , a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation and France 's Safran ( Snecma ) .
Top and above : The 3D-printed housing for the T25 sensor . Located in the inlet to the high-pressure compressor , the sensor provides pressure and temperature measurements for the engine 's control system . Image credit : GE Aviation
GE is also developing 3D-printed fuel nozzles and other parts for the GE9X engine for Boeing 's new 777X aircraft . The GE9X will be the largest jet engine ever built .
Although the LEAP is still in testing and the GE9X in development , CFM has received more than 8,500 orders for the LEAP , and GE has received 700 for the GE9X . GE Aviation 's total backlog now exceeds $ 135 billion for both equipment and services , and the value of the backlog has grown by a quarter over the last two years alone .
A 3D-printed fuel nozzle for the LEAP . Image credit : CFM International
Both of the engines feature new materials like ceramic matrix composites ( CMCs ) and carbon-fiber fan blades . But parts made by 3D printing represent perhaps the most attention-grabbing breakthrough .
GE scientists have been experimenting with 3D printing and other “ additive manufacturing ” methods over the last decade . The company has made several key acquisitions in the space , such as buying Morris Technologies , started by 3D printing pioneer Greg Morris .
The 3 printer shoots a laser or electron beam into a thin layer of cobalt-chrome powder to make the part . Image credit : GE Aviation
Unlike traditional manufacturing methods that mill or cut away material from a metal slab to produce a part , additive manufacturing “ grows ” components directly from a CAD file using layers of fine metal powder fused together with an electron beam or laser . The method can produce complex parts that would be difficult or even impossible to make otherwise . It creates them in a fraction of the time , compared with traditional methods like machining and welding , and leaves behind little waste .
As a result , additive manufacturing allows engineers to replace complex assemblies with single parts that are lighter than previous designs , saving weight and boosting a jet engine 's fuel efficiency .
Additive manufacturing allows designers to create complex parts like this jet engine combustor , which would be very difficult to make on conventional machines . Image credit : GE Aviation .
The new 3D-printed housing , made from a cobalt-chrome alloy , protects the temperature sensor 's delicate electronics from icing and punitive airflows inside the engine .
It would normally take GE several years to design and prototype this part , but the GE team was able to shave as much as a year from the process . “ The 3D printer allowed us to rapidly prototype the part , find the best design and move it quickly to production , ” says Bill Millhaem , general manager for the GE90 and GE9X engine programs at GE Aviation . “ We got the final design last October , started production , got it FAA certified in February , and will enter service next week . We could never do this using the traditional casting process , which is how the housing is typically made . ”
Jonathan Clarke , program manager for the project , says that the team ended up with a faster and simpler design , and superior material properties . “ Once we found a workable solution , it went straight to production , ” Clarke says . “ This technology is a breakthrough . ”
There 's one key figure who disagrees with the C.I.A . and F.B.I . 's assessment that Russia worked to interfere during the 2016 presidential election : Vladimir Putin . And , on Saturday , President Donald Trump said he believes him .
“ Every time he sees me , he says , ‘ I did n't do that , ' and I really believe that when he tells me that , he means it , ” Trump said of the Russian president , in a conversation with reporters Saturday morning onboard Air Force One . “ But he says , ‘ I did n't do that . ' I think he is very insulted by it , if you want to know the truth . Do n't forget . All he said was he never did that , he did n't do that . I think he is very insulted by it , which is not a good thing for our country . ”
“ I ca n't stand there and argue with him , ” he continued , “ I would rather have him get out of Syria , to be honest with you . I would rather have , I would rather him—get to work with him on Ukraine rather than standing and arguing about whether or not—because that whole thing was set up by the Democrats . I mean , they ought to Look at Podesta , they ought to look at all the things that they have done with the phony dossier . Those are the big events . ”
In something of a twist , Putin 's Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov told CNN the topic of election meddling did not come up during their meetings this week on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam .
U.S. intelligence groups are unanimous in their verdict that the Kremlin did , in fact , have a hand in influencing last year 's election , from meetings with Trump campaign staffers to an organized , online fake news and social-media influence campaign for political protests .
Though Putin himself has often denied that he ordered the interference campaign , he has occasionally allowed that Russian involvement was , at the least , within the realm of possibility . In June , Putin said that “ certain patriotically minded ” Russians may have taken part in hacking , likening such would-be vigilantes to artists who wake up and decide what to paint .
“ If they are patriotically minded , they start making their contributions—which are right , from their point of view—to the fight against those who say bad things about Russia , ” Putin said at the time .
In his Saturday gaggle with reporters , Trump went on to say that , if the U.S. had a relationship with Russia , it would be “ a great thing because [ Putin ] could really help us on North Korea. ” He also laced into former U.S. intelligence leaders whose agencies each concluded that Russia had , indeed , interfered in the 2016 election , despite the president 's protestations . “ I mean , give me a break—they are political hacks , ' Trump said . “ So , you look at it . I mean , you have [ John ] Brennan , you have [ James ] Clapper , and you have [ Jim ] Comey . Comey is proven now to be a liar , and he is proven now to be a leaker . So , you look at that , and you have President Putin very strongly , vehemently , says he had nothing to do with them . ”
Brennan and Clapper hit back at Trump on Sunday , in a joint appearance on CNN 's State of the Union . “ By not confronting the issue directly , and not acknowledging to Putin that we know you 're responsible for this , I think he 's giving Putin a pass , ” Brennan , the former C.I.A . director , said . “ I think it demonstrates to Mr. Putin that Donald Trump can be played by foreign leaders who are going to appeal to his ego and try to play upon his insecurities , which is very , very worrisome from a national-security standpoint. ” Clapper , the former national intelligence director , agreed . “ He seems very susceptible to rolling out the red carpet and honor guards and all the trappings and pomp and circumstance that come with the office , and I think that appeals to him , and I think it plays to his insecurities , ” Clapper said .
“ I do n't know why there 's ambiguity about this , ” Brennan said . “ Putin is committed to undermining our system , our democracy , and our whole process . And to try to paint it in any other way is , I think , astounding and , in fact , poses a peril to this country . ”
A Virginia man who was arrested last week for stripping down to his shorts at an airport security checkpoint said his only regret from his one-man protest was drawing attention away from the death of his grandfather .
In an interview with CBS News affiliate WTVR-TV in Richmond , Va. , Sunday , Aaron Tobey , 21 , said he was outraged with new security procedures the Transportation Security Administration put into place before Thanksgiving .
( Scroll down to watch a report from CBS News affiliate WTVR-TV )
`` I viewed it as a violation of my civil liberties , and I wanted to start a dialogue about that , '' Tobey , of Charlottesville , Va. , told WTVR-TV . `` I decided that the next time I would go through one of those screenings that I would make a statement somehow . ''
That next time turned out to be a Dec. 30 flight from Richmond International Airport to Wisconsin , where his grandfather 's funeral was to be held . Before heading to the airport , the University of Cincinnati architecture student wrote a reference to the Fourth Amendment , which protects against unreasonable search and seizure , on his chest .
`` Upon being directed there , I took off my T-shirt and my sweat pants and stood there in my running shorts waiting for them to proceed with the screening , '' Tobey told WTVR-TV .
Instead , Tobey was arrested , issued a citation for disorderly conduct and released . He was able to arrive at his grandfather 's funeral , but his protest had not gone unnoticed .
`` That is my one regret that I have is that I took something away from what should have been a very special day for them , '' Tobey told WTVR-TV .
However , Tobey 's father , Robert Tobey , told WTVR-TV Friday that he stands by his son and also opposes the new TSA procedures , which includes pat downs for passengers who refuse to go through a full-body scanner or require additional screening .
`` I 'm uncomfortable and do not want to be touched in that way , '' Robert Tobey told WTVR-TV . `` It 's almost like a sexual assault in some way . ''
Aaron Tobey is n't alone in acting out against the TSA . In opposing the government 's use of the 10-second full-body imaging machines , a loosely organized movement attempted to spark a nationwide protest of fliers opting out from the full-body scan for the longer pat down in the busy travel days before Thanksgiving . The protest was not a success .
Tobey 's arraignment is scheduled for Jan. 10 in Virginia .
MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY From the brilliant minds of the official Final Fantasy creative team ! ■A captivating story told in overwhelming visual splendor ! Written by Kazushige Nojima ( FF VII , FF VIII , FF X and Kingdom Hearts ) ! Tons of special chapters and official events ! The new era of mobile RPGs has finally arrived ! ■Simple and intuitive controls for streamlined turn-based combat ! Brand-new combat designed for single-hand smartphone control ! Mind-blowing special effects and action ! ■Official Final Fantasy job system ! The beloved Final Fantasy job system provides classic strategic elements that never fail to challenge and entertain . With tons of combinations between jobs and abilities , the fate of each character is in your hands ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ■Story Intro : Warrior of Light The world has spiraled into a deep vortex of despair . Winds cease to blow , oceans roar with fury , and the land is rife with corruption . The people cling desperately to an ancient prophecy that promises the arrival of their savior . “ When despair enshrouds the world , A Warrior of Light shall appear. ” After drifting through an impossibly thick darkness , A band of nomads with no memories whatsoever Have awakened in the world of Palamecia . Among them , a youth who carries a special name , Is certain to be the Warrior of Light . And it is you . You are the Warrior of Light , Awakening in Palamecia . In this boundless world , What wonders await you ? -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/MobiusFinalFantasy/ Twitter : https : //twitter.com/mobiusFF_NE
In September 2012 , then immigration minister Labor 's Chris Bowen permitted the man to make a valid application for a permanent protection visa . According to the court documents , he made the application , which was then refused by a delegate of the minister . The plaintiff sought a review of that decision by the Refugee Review Tribunal . It was here that the man was found to be a refugee by the tribunal . But Mr Bowen did not decide on the case , the documents say . It was not until June 2014 that the High Court found the minister , now the Coalition 's Mr Morrison , should `` consider and determine '' the man 's application for a permanent protection visa according to law . But Mr Morrison refused , saying it was in the national interest that the man did not receive a visa .
He has also announced that his decision to deny visas in `` the national interest '' can not be reviewed by the tribunal . New Immigration Minister Peter Dutton acknowledged the High Court 's decision , saying the man would be issued a protection visa within seven days . `` The Department of Immigration and Border Protection is looking into the implications of the decision , but they appear to be limited , '' a spokesman said . The spokesman said the decision would not affect the governments policy that people who arrived by boat would not be granted permanent protection visas . However human rights lawyer David Manne , who led the man 's original High Court case , said the decision could have broader implications for other asylum seekers .
`` We are studying the decision very closely to see whether the ruling could also apply to many other refugees who arrived by boat but were refused a permanent protection visa in 2013 , '' he said . `` The High Court has found that a device used by the government to circumvent the law and bar people from obtaining a protection visa was not according to law . '' Greens immigration spokeswoman Sarah Hanson-Young said Mr Morrison should have recognised Australia 's international obligations and granted this man a protection visa when he was found to be a refugee . `` The immigration minister is not above the law , despite his consistent efforts to undermine the Parliament and the High Court , '' she said . `` This man is a refugee , he came to Australia asking for help and it 's only after being dragged through the courts that the government will recognise its duty and offer him protection . ''
In July last year , Mr Morrison said he would refuse all permanent protection visas based on a `` national interest '' test . The reasons for refusing a visa include not `` rewarding '' those who arrive `` illegally '' with the same permanent visa outcomes that are available to those who `` who abide by Australia 's visa requirements '' . In a statement to those seeking refugee status at the time , Mr Morrison wrote : `` If you have been found to engage Australia 's protection obligations and have met health , security and character checks , but the Minister has found that it is not in the national interest to grant you a permanent protection visa , you are not subject to removal from Australia . `` The department will contact you about a temporary stay in Australia . If you live in the community with a valid bridging visa , you must receive an offer for a temporary stay and you must have accepted that offer , before a visa can be granted to you . `` If you are in detention , including community detention , the minister may decide to grant you a visa and no offer or acceptance is required . '' with Michael Gordon
Image copyright AFP Image caption Andrej Babis 's ANO ( Yes ) party is predicted to win the biggest share of the vote
Czechs are voting in a two-day general election in which the favourite is a populist billionaire who has campaigned on an anti-establishment platform .
Andrej Babis , 63 , is estimated to be worth $ 4 billion ( £3bn ) making him the country 's second richest man .
His centrist ANO ( Yes ) party has a wide lead in the polls but is not expected to secure a majority .
Its current coalition partner , the centre-left Social Democrats ( CSSD ) , is polling in second place .
Polls opened at 14:00 local time ( 12:00 GMT ) and close at 22:00 ( 20:00 GMT ) . They will open again on Saturday morning and close in the afternoon .
Andrej Babis 's party , which has campaigned on an anti-establishment , anti-EU and anti-corruption basis , is predicted to win the biggest share of the vote .
Far-right and far-left parties are also predicted to make gains .
This will put Mr Babis , who has faced numerous scandals including a fraud indictment and accusations he was a communist-era police agent , in pole position to become prime minister as part of a coalition .
If his party secures a majority , it is not known who Mr Babis will seek to form a government with .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Outgoing leader Bohuslav Sobotka ( R ) has had a turbulent relationship with Andrej Babis ( L )
Currently , Social Democrat Bohuslav Sobotka heads a coalition formed after a 2013 snap election . This was triggered by the fall of the centre-right government of Petr Necas over a spying , sex and bribery scandal earlier in the year .
In May , Mr Sobotka submitted his government 's resignation because of a disagreement with Andrej Babis , who was serving as finance minister at the time .
He was unhappy about alleged unexplained business dealings involving Mr Babis .
by Ridge Mahoney @ ridgemax , Apr 28 , 2015
By Ridge Mahoney
Is the Impact 's appearance in the CCL finals a harbinger of things to come , or merely a one-off , or to be more precise , a two-off ?
The Impact is within perhaps 90 minutes of history to be claimed Wednesday night ( 8 p.m . ET , Fox Sports 2 , UniMas ) with a victory or goalless tie against Club America . More than 61,000 fans are expected at the Olympic Stadium to witness what could be an historic night for soccer in North America .
Or it could be a crushing disappointment , as was the 2011 second leg . Monterrey pulled off a 1-0 victory at Rio Tinto Stadium that left the dreams of Real Salt Lake and MLS in tatters . The scenario then was much the same as it is now , with the MLS team holding the away-goals advantage after tying the first leg . Four years ago , Monterrey parlayed its 2-2 tie at home into a 3-2 aggregate triumph , and Montreal is just the second MLS team to make it this far .
If the second leg Wednesday finishes 1-1 , the teams will go to extra time and then penalty kicks if necessary to determine the regional champion . Club America wins the title if it takes the second leg or scores at least two goals while tying .
Wednesday promises to be dramatic and spectacular and , in the finest tradition of Concacaf , bizarre and unforgettable . The club has asked fans attending the game to display a mosaic consisting of 50,000 blue , white , and black placards . The hashtag # MLS4MONTREAL is making the rounds of social media . MLS commissioner Don Garber has confirmed he will attend , as will officials from Concacaf . On Monday , the Impact announced that approximately 2,000 more tickets would be sold for the second leg and that capacity would be 61,004 .
Yet once the crowd has departed and the confetti swept up and the lights turned off , what then ? Where goeth MLS and the CCL ? To the next level , whatever that might be ? Or does it remain an entertaining yet secondary enterprise , never destined to share the stage with an MLS Cup trophy ?
“ I think the league and all the clubs in the league are committed to winning the CCL and want to see it happen , ” says Seattle head coach Sigi Schmid , who has coached more than two dozen CCL games . Two years ago , Seattle fell just short of the finals with a 2-1 aggregate loss to Santos Laguna after beating Tigres in the quarterfinals . “ That 's a common goal .
“ Teams are getting benefits now that you were n't getting a few years ago . The ability to reschedule games so you 're not playing three games in a week helps you , although it hurts you later when you have to double up and triple up on games later in your season . The willingness of your ownership group to allow your team to acclimate and the ability to take charter flights , all of those are resources that the league is making available and the ownership groups are making available for teams to have success in the competition . ”
MLS rearranged two games for the Impact this season and in past years has juggled games for other CCL participants . No team has gone to the lengths of resources and expense to prepare as has Montreal . The Impact spent 17 days in Mexico to train for its quarterfinal series against Pachuca in February and for the finals left six days early to get ready for the first leg of the finals at Azteca Stadium .
Schmid thinks that regardless of the outcome Wednesday , coach Frank Klopas and his players may pay the price for their endeavor further down the road . Last season , the Impact struggled to a last-place finish in the Eastern Conference as it battled through the Amway Canadian Championship to reach the CCL group phase and then finish first in Group 4 against the Red Bulls and FAS of El Salvador .
“ At some point , there 's a little bit of a payback there in terms of players fatiguing and possible injuries later on , because it becomes a very lengthy year because we do n't have a summer break at all , ” says Schmid , whose team will play in the 2015-16 version of the CCL that starts in mid-summer . “ You 're looking at players that are playing serious soccer from the middle of February all the way through , if you 're in the playoffs , to late November . That 's a long stretch without a break . ”
Montreal is 0-2-2 so far in the MLS season and will have to play catchup once its MLS schedule resumes . Club America is seventh in Liga MX with two games to play and needs a few results to finish in the top eight and make the playoffs . Without the burden of league games the past two weekends , Montreal should be the fresher team yet Club America has decades of tradition and success to uphold .
“ For sure , Club America is going to take this last game very , very seriously , ” says Schmid . “ It 's a lot of money for the club to go to the world club championship and a lot of money for the players as well . I think they put out a decent lineup for sure in Mexico City and hoped that the altitude and atmosphere at Azteca would be enough to be helpful and obviously they dominated the game but did n't get goals . Now they know they 're in a situation where they have to win [ the series ] . ”
SANTA MONICA , Calif. , May 8 -- Consumer Watchdog issued the following news release :
United States Senator Bernie Sanders Saturday night called on California to take the lead in healthcare reform and pass a bill that would provide a single-payer healthcare system .
`` The great state of California can send a message that will be heard all over this country , and all over the world if you pass single-payer here , '' Sanders told an audience of 700 at Consumer Watchdog 's Rage For Justice Awards at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel . The former presidential candidate is proposing Medicare for All , single-payer legislation at the federal level .
Sen. Sanders said the nation has arrived at a `` pivotal moment in American history and it is not quite clear what the outcome will be . '' However , he was optimistic . `` I do believe we can come together and are going to create a government that works for all of us . ''
Watch the full speech , in which Sanders also takes on the fossil fuel industry , oligarchy in America and the president : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sk47E8qCfGs & feature=youtu.be
California Senate Bill 562 , which would create a universal , publicly funded health care system in California , is generating tremendous enthusiasm among supporters . Introduced by Sen. Ricardo Lara , the bill 's key backers include the California Nurses Association , whose Executive Director RoseAnn DeMoro , introduced Sanders and his wife , Jane at the dinner .
The couple received Consumer Watchdog 's Public Servants of the Year award . Also honored at the dinner were Jackson Browne with the Phillip Burton Public Service Award and Christine D. Spagnoli , who received the Lifetime Legal Achievement Award .
Jane Sanders said that while her husband 's presidential campaign may not have led to victory , it had started a movement . `` We have a bully pulpit and we 're using it , '' she said .
Turning to the so-called American Health Care Act passed by the House of Representatives 217-213 , Sanders called the bill `` disgraceful , '' saying it was `` one of the most disgusting bills ever passed . '' He said this if it is ultimately enacted -- which he predicted wo n't happen -- it would prove a death sentence for some who would lose insurance coverage , while others would become sicker as a result . He said the truth about the AHCA is that the bill is a tax bill offering tax breaks for the wealthiest 2 percent .
Sanders cited recent comments by President Trump , saying he agrees with the president that Australia 's universal health care is superior to the one in the United States .
`` Everybody is right once in a while , '' Sanders said . `` And on this particular instance , Trump is quite right . ''
`` So , let me say to the president that if you think the Australian health care system is so good , well , I am going to give you the opportunity to support Legislation that I am going to introduce . '' Sanders ' plans to introduce a bill that would provide Medicare For All , single-payer coverage .
Sanders said that while the bad news is who is currently in power in the U.S. , the good news is that on every major issue a `` vast majority is on our side . ''
`` We must educate , organize and bring the American people together so that government works for all of us , '' Sanders said .
`` I want to thank you for standing up for those who do not have a voice , '' Sanders told the audience of activists , lawyers , artists , nurses , labor union leaders , students , educators , and philanthropists . `` Consumers are being ripped off every day by insurance companies , by drug companies that charge us the highest prices in the world for life saving medicine ... Our people are being ripped off by the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street , and have been ripped off by the lies fossil fuel industry who spend millions to tell us that climate change really is n't real and then end up ripping off consumers at the gas pump ... You are standing up to that greed and protecting consumers and I thank you very much for what you do . ''
The American public , not President Obama , is the force that can have the most impact on how Washington pulls out of its current acrimony , former Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein told RT on Wednesday .
“ I think it 's really the American people who need to kick in here ... we need to kick in to say , ‘ Let 's stop this government-by-extortion , ' ” Stein , the most successful female presidential candidate in US history , said .
Of a government shutdown that is already having impacts on vital federal programs , Stein said it is “ the extension of a process that 's been taking place for the last decade , or two , or three if you trace it back , whereby money and power have been concentrated in the hands of an economic and political elite . ”
Stein believes a unified response is needed now more than ever in the face of the “ unhinged one percent ” that dominates American politics .
“ That 's where an independent party like the Green Party comes in , in that we offer a place to rally , to unify the principled opposition , because it 's only together that we can change course , ” she said about seeking solutions to concerns that her party has with the way America is governed .
RT : The country 's in deadlock now after the Democrats and the Republicans have clashed over this . So where does your party fit into all of this ?
Jill Stein : Where the Green Party fits in is where the American people fit in , who have also been locked out of a voice and a way forward by this real betrayal of the public trust and the public interest . What Congress is doing really serves no one , certainly not ordinary people who are really taking it on the chin . And the pain and the impacts of the shutdown are really compounding the policies of the past 10 or 15 years , which in turn have been intensified by austerity with the skyrocketing Wall Street bailouts - we 're still bailing out Wall Street to the tune of $ 85 billion a month ; our incredible military budget and the expanding front of our endless wars , which are everywhere ; the attack on our civil liberties . One out of every two Americans is now in poverty or [ is ] low-income according to the Census Bureau . Thirty-nine million students are in debt . And I have to mention just one more figure here , which is what the Department of Labor predicts , and that is that nine out of 10 jobs being created in the American economy over the next 10 years [ will be ] low-wage and insecure jobs , half of them not even requiring a high school degree or paying high-school wages . So what we 've seen most recently with the move of the Tea Party , supported by the Republicans , is really the complete unhinging of our democracy and the extension of a process that 's been taking place for the last decade , or two , or three if you trace it back , whereby money and power have been concentrated in the hands of an economic and political elite . And a unified response , to answer your question , a unified response is really , critically important . That 's where an independent party like the Green Party comes in , in that we offer a place to rally , to unify the principled opposition , because it 's only together that we can change course . But we just did that in stopping the expanding war in Syria . So amazing things have happened . The power of democracy and justice is sweeping across the planet . We do have the power to change course . It will take substantial work in organizing and I urge the people to get involved with your state Green Party or national Green Party .
RT : It will take a lot of work and also a lot of time , and time is of the essence . If you had the chance to take Obama aside , what would you say to him in terms of resolving this current crisis ?
JS : I think it 's more in the hands of the American people than Obama , to tell you the truth . We should not give in to extortion and blackmail on the part of a wing of the Republican Party that really represents the unhinged one percent . And I think it 's really the American people who need to kick in here in the same way we stopped the war , we need to kick in to say , ‘ Let 's stop this government-by-extortion . ' We need to continue with the funding of the budget , we need to raise the debt ceiling , and let 's get down to restoring jobs , to creating our democracy , to solving the climate crisis , to downsizing our military . I think we need consistent public pressure , starting with , let 's fund the continuing resolution on the budget . I think we need to bombard Congress with phone calls .
RT : On raising the debt ceiling , this is an issue that will come around in the next couple of weeks or so . Will we see an agreement on that ? And if there is n't an agreement on that , what are the repercussions ? Not just for the US , but for the world ? What would you be saying to impact all that ?
JS : It 's very frightening already . Just from the shutdown , we 're seeing real impacts on Medicare and Medicaid , veterans ' services , and people who need those services now can not get them . New enrollees have been forestalled . You have a complete shutdown of food aid through the Women , Infants and Children , the WIC program , which is closing down within a week ; the budget of the entire District of Columbia ; loans for homes , for students ; the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . So we 're seeing big impacts on people who are vulnerable , not only in health care , but particularly Head Start and similar programs are really being held up . Aid to school districts . So we 're being impacted right now and it 's going to get much worse if the debt ceiling is not raised .
First lady Melania Trump poses for a photograph at Orchard Lake Middle School near Detroit on Monday as part of the White House 's anti-bullying `` Week of Inclusion . '' Photo courtesy Stephanie Grisham/The White House
Oct. 23 ( UPI ) -- First lady Melania Trump made a surprise visit to a middle school in Detroit Monday morning to kick off the White House 's `` Week of Inclusion . ''
Trump was accompanied on the visit to Orchard Lake Middle School in West Bloomfield by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , as part of the first lady 's anti-bullying initiative .
The first lady and DeVos spent time Monday in the school 's Viking Huddle Class -- a 6th grade classroom that focuses on social and emotional learning .
Trump was also set to visit 7th and 8th grade students in the cafeteria to promote `` No One Eats Alone '' -- an initiative to stem social isolation by asking students to be more inclusive of others at lunch time .
`` As part of my ongoing commitment to the overall well-being of children , I am looking forward to today 's visit , '' Trump said in a statement . `` By our own example , we must teach children to be good stewards of the world they will inherit . ''
`` We need to remember that they are always watching and listening . It is our responsibility to take the lead in teaching children the values of empathy and communication that are at the core of kindness , mindfulness , integrity , and leadership . ''
Tim Hunt , winner of the Nobel Prize for Medicine , shown in 2001 in a laboratory in London . The Nobel Prize-winning British scientist has apologized for saying the `` trouble with girls '' working in science labs is that it leads to romantic entanglements and harms science . ( Alastair Grant/AP )
LONDON -- Female scientists were jumping on Twitter on Thursday to voice their views on the controversial comments by a Nobel Prize-winning British scientist , who spoke about his `` trouble with girls '' when working in laboratories .
Speaking at the World Conference of Science Journalists in South Korea , Sir Tim Hunt reportedly said : `` Let me tell you about my trouble with girls . Three things happen when they are in the lab : You fall in love with them , they fall in love with you , and when you criticize them they cry . ''
The 72-year-old biochemist has since resigned his post as an honorary professor with University College London . He also apologized for his remarks , telling the BBC that it was a “ very stupid thing ” to say in front of journalists , but that “ I did mean the part about having trouble with girls . ''
He told the broadcaster : `` I have fallen in love with people in the lab and people in the lab have fallen in love with me and it 's very disruptive to the science because it 's terribly important that in a lab people are on a level playing field . ”
He added : “ I 'm really , really sorry I caused any offense , that 's awful . I certainly did n't mean that . I just meant to be honest , actually . ''
Female scientists lampooned his sexist remarks , using the hashtag # distractinglysexy , which for anyone following the thread was distractingly funny .
Here are some of our favorite Tweets :
I will not say I have n't cried for my thesis but the worst thing is being so # distractinglysexy when I code ... pic.twitter.com/OKRFA3FqE5 — Alba Hierro ( @ hierro34 ) June 11 , 2015
Yes I know I am # distractinglysexy in my Level A PPE . The suit totally flatters my curves . pic.twitter.com/LUb5nXx9yO — Geeky Girl Engineer ( @ gkygirlengineer ) June 11 , 2015
Still # distractinglysexy after a full day of cell culture . Did n't even cry this time , so proud ! # HeyaTimHunt pic.twitter.com/RdAxxLJ1fY — Lucie de Beauchamp ( @ lu_debeauchamp ) June 11 , 2015
Later that day , I filled this Bronze Age ditch with my womanly archaeology tears # distractinglysexy pic.twitter.com/r8UTTCCqSg — Becca⚡️ ( @ BeccaPritchy ) June 11 , 2015
Filter mask protects me from hazardous chemicals and muffles my woman cries . Double win ! # DistractinglySexy pic.twitter.com/5kYlm6SNud — Amelia Cervera ( @ ameliacervera ) June 11 , 2015
# distractinglysexy in the field . The headtorch is waterproof to avoid any tear-related malfunctions @ VagendaMagazine pic.twitter.com/E5ac3vTNtR — Kate Devlin ( @ drkatedevlin ) June 11 , 2015
Nothing like a sample tube full of cheetah poop to make you # distractinglysexy pic.twitter.com/tdBTLRos4p — Sarah Durant ( @ SarahMDurant ) June 11 , 2015
Far too # distractinglysexy while decommissioning these mobile VSAT units.Cutting torch is excellent for drying tears . pic.twitter.com/ET9R6AGAC1 — EasyBreakOven ( @ EasyBreakOven ) June 11 , 2015
IDK how any men were able to function when I was in this bunny suit and integrating a satellite . # distractinglysexy pic.twitter.com/XjFVpgQsnL — Stephanie Evans ( @ StephEvz43 ) June 10 , 2015
“ Huck 's vindictive streak was first a little secret , then sorta funny , now it is almost the whole package , ” wrote Michael Brendan Dougherty . True , and never more true than where Cruz is concerned . Ever since evangelical leaders upset his best-laid plans for 2016 by uniting behind Cruz instead of him , Huckabee 's seized every opportunity to swipe at him — and them . The lowlight came in January when he mused in an interview that Christian conservative bigwigs might fear him getting elected because he 'd succeed in banning abortion and then their fundraising pitch would be gone . In the span of a month , he went from begging them for their support to accusing them publicly of being grifters who care more about their checkbooks than unborn life . The man 's butthurt is eternal . It 'll never heal .
This attack on Cruz over his speaking gig is just the latest example . In fact , the most noteworthy thing about this is how it manages to combine butthurt towards Cruz , towards Trump , and towards Republican voters into a single efficient tantrum :
I was n't all that happy to walk away from a good income and a good life and give a year of my life spending 25 days or more a month living in hotels and running to catch flights between Iowa , South Carolina and states where I was trying to raise funds . It has been frustrating to know that the message I championed about trade , the decline of the middle class , the need to manufacture in the United States , support for veterans and a more innovative approach to health care that focused on prevention rather than expensive intervention was mirrored by Donald Trump . The only difference was that the networks covered his every speech , his every tweet , and focused on him in the debates , while guys like me and others who had very accomplished tenures in office were relegated to the sidelines because of our unwillingness to engage in the blood sport of trashing the other Republicans on the stage , including Trump . I was saving my artillery for the opponent I know best—Clinton , and not my fellow Republicans… Should Cruz , Kasich , Carly Fiorina , Jeb Bush , Lindsey Graham or any of the others not own up to their nationally televised promise to support the GOP nominee whoever it was , they most certainly should not get near the stage at the RNC . And we all should remember that they would have expected us to support them had they been the nominee , but in a crucial moment for America , they decided to help Obama have a third term by helping Clinton . Donald Trump met with Senator Cruz in Washington on Thursday and reportedly offered him a speaking slot at the convention . That was a gracious and generous offer from Trump . According to Senator Cruz , there was not a requirement to endorse . Let 's hope that the senator will reciprocate the kind gesture and use a speech as the occasion to honor his nationally televised pledge to do so . If he ca n't do that , he should quietly decline the speaking slot .
“ [ F ] or reasons that I do n't and will never fully understand , ” says Huckabee elsewhere , Trump got more votes than I did . That 's butthurt Huck to the core , but I can sympathize with him a bit in this case . He 's not blowing smoke when he says that he was ahead of the curve on Trump 's agenda in certain key ways . Even in his first run for president in 2008 , he pitched himself economically to the sort of centrist blue-collar Republicans that became Trump 's base . That 's how Romney ended up as his foil ; I look like the sort of guy you work with , Huckabee once famously said , whereas Mitt looks like the sort of guy who laid you off . It 's a fair question as to why Trump had so much more success with a big-government protectionist message this year than Huck did in either of his two campaigns . One possibility is that Huckabee never quite escaped his niche as a “ Christian candidate ” such that many of Trump 's less religious “ moderate ” supporters never looked seriously at him . Same goes for Rick Santorum , another working-class Republican pigeonholed by his social conservatism . It took a less religious protectionist like Trump to build a working-class movement . Another possibility is that Trumpmania is less about working-class economics than it is about cultural resentments , which Trump taps into through his strongman appeal and his willingness to be “ politically incorrect. ” Huckabee will be politically incorrect too but in more familiar ways , like criticizing pro-choicers . Trump will get up there and ramble about “ Mexican rapists ” and banning Muslims from the country . If you 're looking for a national savior who 's going to impose his will on your cultural enemies , the billionaire who seems to enjoy scandalizing the political class is more captivating than the preacher turned professional politician who works hard to cultivate his media image as a nice guy ( even though he really is n't ) .
What about his knock on Cruz , though ? Should Cruz need to endorse Trump as a condition of speaking ? I do n't think so — because I think his willingness to appear at the convention is an endorsement , inescapably , even if the words “ I endorse ” are never uttered . Cruz told Glenn Beck this morning that he finds that position “ curious ” but I do n't see why . Huckabee 's correct when he says that the convention is just a scripted pageant designed to boost the nominee . It 's a big birthday party for Trump . If I come to your birthday party but never specifically say the words “ Happy birthday , ” am I still celebrating your birthday ? When I mentioned that analogy earlier on Twitter , Cruz fans fired back that him speaking at the convention is more like showing up to a shindig at work organized to honor a fellow employee in order to grab some free food and drink . That 's cute , but that 's not how the audience will see it within the context of the overall Trump-apalooza . Unless Cruz says something fairly explicit in his speech to repudiate Trump or Trumpism , which would be shocking , his appearance will be taken by most viewers — correctly — as proof that whatever Cruz 's objections to Trump may be , they 're not so profound that they 'd cause him to miss Trump 's big bash . In fact , according to a source on Team Trump who spoke to the Times , Cruz promised Trump yesterday that he would n't say anything that would disrupt the proceedings and agreed to let Trump 's campaign approve his remarks in advance . The best you can hope for from Cruz if you 're an anti-Trumper is some anodyne remarks about how great conservatism is so that he can point back to them when he runs again in 2020 , even as Team Trump points to them now as proof that movement conservatives have effectively united behind Trump as nominee .
Here 's Huck showing off that mile-wide vindictive streak on Fox last night , smilingly suggesting that Jeff Flake wo n't be getting any goodies for Arizona once Trump is president because he impudently refused to kneel before Zod in yesterday 's meeting . Punishing an entire state of people for a politician 's disloyalty is something one would expect more from the corrupt “ system , ” I would think , than from the national savior who 's supposedly going to reform it . The fact that Huckabee 's willing to threaten Flake publicly on Trump 's behalf tells you how seriously you should take those reform efforts . Exit question : Is there anything Trump could say or do to make Huck withhold his vote ? Read his piece in full , linked up top , and ask yourself that . A devout Christian should have all sorts of moral lines , one would think , that would qualify as dealbreakers if a political candidate crossed them . This guy seems to have none whatsoever , up to and including palpably Trump 's dubious commitment to the pro-life cause .
Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush on Friday called for a gradual increase in the retirement age that would not affect people who are either receiving Social Security benefits or are close to receiving them .
“ The way you fix it is to deal with the demographic realities we should be celebrating , because 10 years from now you 're still going to be up and taking nourishment , right ? ” he said during a question and answer session at a “ Politics and Eggs ” event at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire .
Mr. Bush , who is weighing a 2016 presidential bid , said people have to recognize that someone in their 30s “ is not going to get the benefits under the current situation . ”
“ I think we need to raise the retirement age not for the people that are already nearing receiving Social Security or are already on it , but raise it gradually over a long period of time for people that are just entering the system , ” he said . “ And I think we need to do that in relatively short order . ”
“ And Social Security can be sustained , just as it was in the 1980s when Ronald Reagan , Tip O'Neill , Dan Rostenkowski I guess was in it , Bob Packwood , this group of , you know , very conservative , very liberal and in between forged consensus on how to sustain Social Security over the long haul , ” he said .
Earlier this week , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie rolled out a plan in the early presidential state that included raising the retirement eligibility age for Social Security to 69 and means testing benefits to reduce payments to wealthier seniors .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Atlantic salmon could be a on way to B.C . water , operators blame unusual high tide for failed fish net
Thousands of salmon escaped a Washington state fish farm near the border on Saturday and could be on their way to B.C . waters .
Cooke Aquaculture has confirmed that several thousand of 10-pound Atlantic salmon were accidentally released into the waters between Anacortes and the San Juan Islands after some kind of structural failure of the net pens at its Cypress Island farm .
Exceptionally high tides and currents coinciding with this week 's solar eclipse are to blame , the company said in a statement .
Ron Warren , assistant director of the fish program for Washington 's Department of Fish and Wildlife , said they believe about 4,000 to 5,000 of the 305,000 fish in the Cooke Aquaculture net pen escaped .
The fish are safe to eat and were last medicated with antibiotics in 2016 , he added .
“ What we have for records is a treatment from July 2016 and that the fish have all been healthy since that time , ” Warren said . “ Fortunately , from a health standard perspective , the fish are of size and are fine , unfortunately they 're now swimming free in state waters and maybe in B.C . waters as well . ”
In the fallout , the Department of Fish and Wildlife issued an open call to recreational fishers to catch as many of the escaped Atlantic salmon as possible .
However , it 's not welcome news to anglers .
The accident has tribal fisherman from Lummi Island , a traditional First Nations area on the U.S. side of the border , crying foul .
“ This is a travesty , ” said Keith Carpenter , president of Lummi Island Wild , a local fishing company .
Carpenter said tribal fisherman Lucas Kinley caught 15 of the Atlantics about eight kilometres from Lummi .
“ Some are deformed , they are so diseased their mouths are deformed , it 's not good for us . This is a huge deal , it 's no small event . These are exotics , they do n't belong here . ”
John Volpe , associate professor with UVic 's School Of Environmental Studies , was “ utterly unsurprised ” to hear about the escape .
Volpe , who completed his PhD studying Atlantic salmon which are breeding wild in B.C . waters , said it 's yet another reason why B.C . and the Department of Fisheries and Oceans need to study the very topic of Atlantic salmon escaping West Coast fish farms .
What Volpe finds concerning is that a catastrophic event such as this makes the news in Washington state , where there are but a handful of farms compared to B.C . 's thriving arm of the industry .
Despite the grand number of fish that escaped in this one incident , it 's more concerning the number of fish that escape through chronic leakage .
Volpe added that it 's highly likely that at least some of the recently escaped fish will enter B.C . 's portion of the Salish Sea , if not many of them .
“ I would say it 's highly likely some of the fish have made it over here though we have limited study on their escaped behaviour , but there 's no information whatsoever , ” Volpe said .
He would like to see an in-depth study of Atlantic salmon done along the West Coast .
“ For years we 've tried to secure research funding to ask this question . ”
In Canada , escapes from licensed fish farms are to be reported within 24 hours and are posted here .
Warren said Washington has had a history of fish farm escapes going back to the ‘ 90s but are less frequent . Cooke Aquaculture operates in Canada as well as Washington and Maine .
@ TravisAPaterson
reporter @ saanichnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Ana Montes worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency while spying for Cuba . ( Courtesy of the FBI )
She was once called the “ Queen of Cuba. ” The Washington Post called her the “ most important spy you never heard of. ” She was arrested in 2001 after orchestrating a 17-year campaign of subterfuge that filtered untold secrets to the Cuban regime and is serving a 25 year prison sentence .
But the events that precipitated the capture of Ana Montes have long remained murky — until President Obama 's normalization of diplomatic relations with Cuba on Wednesday brought further clarity .
As a precondition to their historic agreement this week , the United States and Cuba swapped captured spies . And the spy Cuba released was a very important one . According to American officials , he provided critical information that led to the arrests of the “ Cuba Five ” and several highly placed spies , as the Post 's Adam Goldman reported . One of them , it turned out , was Montes .
During a news conference on Wednesday , President Obama announced that two Americans who had been held captive in Cuba had been returned to the U.S. , including USAID contractor Alan Gross . ( AP )
That information revives one of the oddest tales to emerge from decades of espionage . At its center is Montes , an enigmatic , fiercely intelligent one-time Defense Intelligence Agency official who betrayed her country . Rarely convivial , she fit the “ stereotypical mold for a spy , ” investigators later said . As the Defense Intelligence Agency 's top Cuba analyst , she slid undetected into meetings with the Joint Chiefs of Staff , National Security Council and even the president of Nicaragua .
But Montes was a mystery . Espionage did n't make her millions of dollars like other famous American spies . It was n't frustration at work that drove her . Nor infidelity . Nor pathology . The intelligence official had been a “ quiet , frugal , and unassuming neighbor , ” as one declassified Department of Defense report put it .
So how did a woman who grew up in Iowa and Kansas become a traitor ? How did someone who cared nothing for money or professional achievement find herself donning a wig for rendezvous with Cuban handlers ? And what made her stick with it for so long ? By the end , she was idiosyncratic : She wore gloves when she drove , she only ate unseasoned boiled potatoes , she shunned social contact .
To find answers , you must travel back to her turbulent childhood under the yoke of a father she said “ happened to believe that he had the right to beat his kids , ” according to the Defense Department . That abuse generated Montes 's desire to retaliate against authority — and made her a potential recruit for Cubans seeking to infiltrate Washington .
Which was exactly what happened in a classroom at Johns Hopkins University , where Montes pursued a master 's degree in the 1980s . There , she inveighed against U.S. policies in Latin America and especially Nicaragua . To her , President Ronald Reagan was the devil .
So one day in the summer of 1984 , a fellow student approached her . He asked her to meet some friends who wanted help translating Spanish articles into English . The friend turned out to be a Cuban intelligence official . It did n't take much convincing to get Montes to come aboard .
“ In her view , Cuba was victimized by U.S. repression and concluded that she had the ‘ moral right ' to provide information to Cuba , ” Defense Department investigators wrote in 2005 . “ Throughout her career as a clandestine agent , she believed that ‘ destiny was offering me an opportunity to do everything that I could do to help Cuba . ' She often exclaimed , ‘ I could n't give up on the people I was helping . ' In sum , she indicated that she ‘ felt morally rewarded . ' ”
Thus began a career in espionage that surely soared higher than her handlers ' highest hopes . Montes was soon rising through the ranks of the Defense Intelligence Agency , the Miami Herald reported . Playing both sides , she took risks . She met Cuban handlers at D.C. Chinese restaurants . She used a fake Cuban passport .
But she was n't sloppy . She never brought paper home . She did n't spend lavishly — or much at all . She memorized document after document , returning home every night to regurgitate classified files onto her Toshiba laptop . She took her orders from Cuba through a shortwave radio that spewed out 150 numbers she decoded into Spanish-language text .
So how did this spy — who did n't make enemies or mistakes and did n't leave a paper trail — finally get caught ?
“ We only really catch the dumb spies , ” one counterintelligence official said . “ And the only reason we caught her is because we got lucky . ”
Luck , in fact , had little to do with it . Montes , a double agent working for Cuba in Washington , was caught by a double agent working for Washington in Cuba .
More than 1,200 miles south , an unidentified Cuban-born American spy — the same one released as a result of Obama 's action this week — was apparently monitoring Montes . He eventually told American officials of Montes 's background .
Still , the precise events that precipitated her arrest in 2001 remain murky , even after Wednesday 's revelations .
The Post reported that a Defense Intelligence employee named Scott Carmichael was approached in September 2000 by a “ female intelligence officer , ” who informed him of an unidentified government employee who used a Toshiba computer secreting information to the Cubans . Carmichael eventually sniffed out Montes , the report said . She was arrested in 2001 weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks , and sentenced to 25 years in prison in 2002 .
But who was the Cuban agent who , working secretly for the U.S. , turned Montes in ? We still do n't know .
“ From the language of the Pentagon report , it was probably not a defector , but more likely a renegade or compromised Cuban intelligence officer , ” the Miami Herald suggested earlier this year . “ If so , Montes was done in by one of her own so-called ‘ comrades . ' ”
Montes 's capture has n't softened her zealotry . Even after years of incarceration at a Texas prison , she said she does n't regret her betrayal .
“ Prison is one of the last places I would have ever chosen to be in , but some things in life are worth fighting for , ” she once wrote a friend , Jim Popkin reported in a Washington Post Magazine article . “ Or worth doing and then killing yourself . ”
Ex-NBA Draft Pick Found Dead In SUV ... Wound to the Head
Michael Wright , Ex NBA Draft Pick , Found Dead in SUV
Breaking News
A former college basketball star -- who was drafted by the Knicks in 2001 -- was found dead in an SUV in Brooklyn under a pile of trash bags ... officials say .
The victim has been identified as Michael Wright -- who played for the Arizona Wildcats from 1998 to 2001 ... and was part of the 2001 team that made it to the NCAA Tournament finals .
Officials say Wright 's body was found in the backseat of a Lexus SUV with a head wound -- and it appears he may have taken his own life .
Family members have told media they do not suspect foul play .
Wright was 35 .
LEIPZIG , Germany -- Toyota Motor intends to start mass producing domestic-helper robots by March 2020 . The robots would be built and programmed to help the elderly at home .
Toyota 's standard HSR is about a meter tall and can carry an object that weighs up to 1.2kg .
Further , the leading automaker hopes to sell 1,000 of its Human Support Robots by the fiscal year through March 2021 .
Toyota has been upgrading the HSR since it first introduced a robot in 2012 . The company can now produce a robot capable of approaching and picking up an object with a 60cm arm . The HSR can be commanded to do so via a tablet or by voice . Its arm can grab and hold a pen , a cup and other objects . It can also `` catch '' a sheet of paper by vacuuming it up .
A global spotlight will shine on Toyota 's HSR next summer . It was recently selected as the standard robot for a new domestic helpers competition that is to make its debut at the 2017 RoboCup .
It is no accident that the tournament 's name borrows from soccer 's World Cup . The whole idea behind RoboCup is to develop robots that can play soccer .
RoboCup has several leagues , including the Standard Platform League , in which all entrants must use the same robot . In this league , the competition is about which team of software developers can give the robot the most skills .
This year 's RoboCup got underway here on Wednesday . Next year 's RoboCup will be held in Nagoya , in the Japanese prefecture of Aichi , where Toyota is headquartered . And the competition for which the HSR will serve as the standard will be a contest for domestic helper robots .
The first RoboCup was held in 1997 , also in Nagoya . The tournament has attracted universities , research institutions and corporations from around the globe ever since . That is giving Toyota hope that next year 's domestic helpers competition can attract HSR collaborators from all over the world .
Currently , Toyota 's standard HSR is about a meter tall and can carry an object that weighs up to 1.2kg .
Toyota will provide HSRs to the public for $ 900 a month . The company is already leasing HSRs to the University of Tokyo and other institutions in Japan . It can make several dozen robots a year at its robot development facility in Aichi Prefecture . The company is planning to build a production line so that it can make 300 HSRs a year .
( Nikkei )
Some religiously-affiliated institutions characterize themselves as `` secular '' when recruiting or seeking public funding but `` church-controlled '' when demanding exemptions from the law , such as the birth control benefit . Potential employees , students , and patients—as well as taxpayers generally—deserve to know who they are dealing with .
Potential employees , students , and patients -- as well as taxpayers generally -- deserve to know who they are dealing with .
key and old bible via Shutterstock
The Obama administration is accepting comments from the public until April 8th on the Notice of Proposed Rule-Making for the birth control benefit or contraceptive coverage rule . The proposed rule amends the exemption for houses of worship and their affiliates and adds accommodation for other non-exempt non-profits opposed to birth control .
The accommodation requires that insurance companies offer separate contraceptive coverage directly to the employees of objecting organizations at no additional cost . To take advantage of the accommodation , an organization need only self-certify to its health insurer or plan administrator that it is a non-profit opposed to some of the required contraceptive services and that it “ hold [ s ] itself out as a religious organization . ”
It is not enough for an institution seeking special treatment to simply assert that it holds itself out as religious . I expect the Obama administration is loathe to define what it means to be a religious organization or police whether an institution is in fact holding itself out as such , and rightly so . Nevertheless , the institution should have to make a statement describing how it holds itself out as religious and what that religiousness entails . This statement should be made easily available to the public and organizations should have give to notice of it to those with whom it seeks to contract , such as employees , students , patients , and funders .
This is necessary due to a pattern of religiously-affiliated institutions characterizing themselves one way when recruiting or seeking public funding and another when demanding to be exempt from laws that govern secular institutions . The trend in First Amendment Establishment Clause jurisprudence has permitted increasing public funding for religious organizations . This means we need whatever protections the free market can provide individuals from the imposition of religion by institutions active in the public sphere . We can only avoid involvement with institutions that will discriminate on the basis of religious control if we know which institutions those are .
Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE
To understand some particularly flagrant examples of religiously-affiliated institutions trying to have it both ways , we turn to a bit of state constitutional law . Over 37 state constitutions contain explicit prohibitions on the use of public money for religious institutions or instruction . New York is among them and its Constitution prohibits public funding of any educational institution “ wholly or in part under the control or direction of any religious denomination . ”
In the mid-60s many private universities throughout the country were in dire financial straits . New York sought to rescue its private universities with taxpayer funding through a program known as “ Bundy aid. ” However , giving public funds to religiously-controlled universities was clearly unconstitutional . So religious universities , particularly Catholic ones , underwent re-organizations to separate themselves from the control of their founding religious orders and other church authorities and endeavored to become more suitable places for people of any or no faith to work and study . By becoming non-sectarian , while maintaining only a religious affilation , they qualified for public funding . The motivation behind secularization was not exclusively financial , but part of a larger attempt by Catholic universities to strengthen their academic and intellectual legitimacy .
By accepting funds each year , a New York college makes a representation to the state that it is an independent institution free from religious control . Despite this , a number of universities receiving Bundy aid , have asserted that they are church-controlled in order to be free from various generally applicable laws .
In 2010 , adjunct professors at Manhattan College sought to unionize . To block them , Manhattan College claimed it was not subject to the jurisdiction of the National Labor Review Board because it is “ church-operated. ” Among the evidence on which the NLRB board relied in rejecting the claim Manhattan College holds itself out as a religious institution was the fact that Manhattan College deliberately eliminated church control to get Bundy aid and continues to claims to be non-sectarian by accepting it .
In 2009 , St. John 's University argued it was exempt from the Americans with Disabilities Act because it is “ controlled by a religious organization. ” Prior to that , St. John 's successfully argued it was eligible for an exemption from New York 's Human Rights Law for the same reason . In agreeing that St. John 's is controlled by a religious organization , the Court did not take notice of the fact that St. John 's represents to the state that it is not controlled , even in part , by a religious organization in order to get taxpayer funding each year .
Multiple universities that receive Bundy aid have health policies that are controlled by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops through the USCCB 's Ethical and Religious Directives for Catholic Health Care Services . The Directives are 43 pages long and as detailed as a statute . These schools tend to be less than forthcoming as to how the Directives are implemented in school policy , and some fail to give notice that the Directives control at all .
For a further example of conflicting self-characterizations , we now turn to the permissibility of funding under the federal Constitution . In 2000 , the University of Notre Dame received a $ 500,000 federal grant that funded a program that included training teachers to work in parochial schools . Taxpayers sued the federal government , alleging the grant violated the First Amendment 's prohibition of government establishment of religion . Notre Dame intervened in the case as a defendant to defend its interest in the funds . Inherent to Notre Dame 's argument that the funding did not violate the First Amendment , is the fact that Notre Dame engages in many secular activities . In fact , just by applying for the grant , for which the “ [ u ] se of funds for religion ” was explicitly prohibited , Notre Dame represented to the government that despite its religious affiliation , not everything it does is an exercise of religion .
In court papers , Notre Dame detailed how it segregated and tracked the use of the taxpayer funds to ensure they were not used for religious purposes . Among those expenses Notre Dame categorized as “ secular ” were “ director 's and associate director 's salaries and benefits. ” Those benefits presumably include medical benefits . Compare that to Notre Dame 's lawsuit challenging the contraceptive coverage mandate , in which Notre Dame claims offering particular health plans is an exercise of its religious belief . ( See page 38 here . ) Health plans are “ secular ” when the University seeks taxpayer money , but an “ exercise of religion ” when it does n't want to adhere to generally applicable law .
In defending its federal funding , Notre Dame cited a number of cases for the proposition that government aid to universities does not necessarily violate the Establishment Clause . In so holding , courts rely on the fact that universities are not intrinsically sectarian places where government funds will be used for indoctrination , distinguishing them from religious primary schools . For example , in Tilton v. Richardson , the Supreme Court explained , “ [ t ] here are generally significant differences between the religious aspects of church-related institutions of higher learning and parochial elementary and secondary schools. ” Those differences in secularity and the feasibility of separating religious from non-religious activities , makes direct funding of religiously-affiliated universities constitutional while funding religious primary schools generally is not . Despite its prior reliance on these cases , Notre Dame is now claiming to be a “ person ” under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act whose every policy or action is apparently an exercise of religion .
If these universities are making conflicting statement about whether or not they are religiously controlled to courts and government agencies , imagine the incomplete information they are giving prospective students and employees . Institutions that believe they are entitled to exemptions to the law or to use religion as a post hoc defense to discrimination claims should have to say so up front . No institution should be able to claim the contraceptive coverage accommodation or any other without making a statement of their religious affiliation that is available to the public .
Fuller disclosure of religious control is especially necessary in the case of religiously-affiliated hospitals . Any hospital that is providing its employees with a substandard healthcare plan because it adheres to Directives promulgated by the bishops rather than generally accepted health care standards , likely has similarly problematic patient care . That would make it somewhere I do not want to be treated . It would also make it a place many health care professionals would n't want to work and risk having to compromise their own ethical and medical judgments due to the control of a religious authority . However , many hospitals are not making it clear what their religious affiliation means and , where religious hospitals merge with secular ones or change their names , it may be unclear they have a religious affiliation at all .
A friend of mine is doctor who has worked at two different Catholic hospitals , neither of which provided him with a copy of the bishops ' Directives prior to his employment . He first learned how his current hospital 's Catholic control affects patient care in the middle of helping a family navigate end of life care for his comatose patient . When the family decided it was time to let the patient go , they wished to donate his organs . Only then , did their doctor learn the patient would have to be transferred to another hospital to do so . The family did not want to endure transferring the patient , so they had to let him die at the Catholic hospital without the potentially life-saving donation they believed he would have wanted .
At another Catholic hospital , that family might not have been able to withdraw care at all . There is disagreement among hospital ethicists about whether foregoing intravenous food and water is permissible according to decrees by Pope John Paul II and the bishops . Confusion among doctors about the rules at Catholic hospitals is apparently common . I asked my friend how his hospital 's Catholic affiliation affected obstetric care and he had no idea .
Nonstandard medical practices should not be a surprise . A publicly available statement of what an institution 's religious affiliation means wo n't help you if you are miscarrying and the ambulance takes you to the nearest hospital , but it would provide vital information to those in a position to choose where to seek treatment or work .
In the context of the contraceptive coverage regulation , organizations claiming the accommodation should also have to identify who has determined that the religion bars providing contraceptive coverage and why . The situation at Boston College is the latest example of why this is necessary . Responding to administrators ' threats of discipline for students distributing condoms and health information in their dorm rooms , students and alumni have sounded a familiar refrain :
“ we chose to go to a Catholic university , not the Catholic Church . We were never warned that students who advocate for basic health-care access would be silenced and undermined at every turn . In every tour and orientation , student guides proclaim that BC is a welcoming campus for people from diverse backgrounds and perspectives . ”
At Boston College ( as at Notre Dame , Fordham , Georgetown and likely many other universities facing escalating pressure from off campus ) vague references to the mission are being used to justify policies students did n't expect with little explanation as to how permitting access to sexual health services and information violates Catholic teaching , nor discussion of the extent to which university policy is controlled by Catholic doctrine .
Organizations controlled by and affiliated with religious authorities increasingly demand public funding with few conditions . Courts are reluctant to inquire into how religious an organization is or engage in line drawing as to whether an activity is or is not religious exercise . The harder it becomes to restrict taxpayer money for religious use , the more we must rely on avoiding institutions , to the extent that is possible , that will deprive us of legal protections for religious reasons . Given that institutions sometimes find it in their interests to keep things vague in order to say different things to different audiences , the law should require , at the very least , that an institution seeking either public funding or any religious accommodation make an explicit and comprehensive statement about its own religiousness and accept whatever consequences result .
Election time : How to improve debates on Europe Viviane Gravey and Jonas Schoenefeld
It 's just five months until the next European Parliament elections . As with every European Election , both eurosceptics and europhiles face a key difficulty : getting people to vote . Both sides will stress how much , for better or for worse , Brussels matters in the life of European citizens . Over the coming months , we 're likely to hear politicians claim that “ 80 % of our legislation is decided in Brussels ” . Although numerous articles and think tank reports have thoroughly debunked this figure , the myth endures . It endures because it 's easy and simple to use . The widespread use of this figure matters as it frames the debate on European governance between national sovereignty and subsidiarity versus integrated European decision-making power . We argue that this frame is unhelpful , as it shapes the debate along whether the EU should or should n't be instead of discussion what it should or should n't do . We suggest that the 2014 European elections should be about debating different policy alternatives – and letting go of the wholesale 80 % figure .
Where does the 80 % figure come from ?
Jacques Delors first mentioned the 80 % figure in the late 1980s as a goal for European integration ten years hence . But none of his forecasts concerned the entire European Union . For example , he argued in a speech at the University of Louvain in 1987 that 30 % of Belgian legislation came from the European Community and that this share should rise to 60 % within ten years . A year later , speaking at the British Trade Union Congress , he posited that “ 80 % of economic and perhaps even fiscal and social legislation ” would originate at EU level in ten years ' time . [ 1 ] Since then , the figure has been mentioned in domestic debates on the weight of Europe in Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , the Netherlands and others . [ 2 ] The figure has become almost uncontested ‘ common knowledge ' on European integration , even thought it has been tested , and found wanting , in a growing number of studies .
If not 80 % , then what ?
The first problem with the 80 % figure is one of definition : in order to establish any credible estimates of this kind , we need to agree what “ legislation ” and “ of European origin ” actually mean . First , by legislation , do we mean laws voted by national parliaments ( making the 80 % a measure of attacks on parliamentary sovereignty ) or do we adopt a broader definition , comprising secondary legislation ( such as statutory requirements in the UK or ordinances and decrees in France ) in which governments have the upper hand – or even all rules agreed on by regional or local governments ?
Second , what is meant by “ European origin ” ? Academic studies use two main approaches : one approach compares the flow of legislation produced at the national and European level in any given period . In this approach , a strict definition of what are “ laws ” ( excluding secondary legislation and regional legislation ) can lead to a high proportion of laws originating in Brussels . [ 3 ] An alternative approach entails analyzing how much “ European impulses ” drive national legislation . [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] Both approaches answer very different concerns . The flow approach investigates whether Brussels bypasses national rule-makers , while the transposition approach attempts to measure how much Brussels constrains national rule-makers . However , the latter approach can not account for regulations , which have direct effect , and thus do not require transposition .
Not surprisingly , different methodologies generate widely different figures . Following a flow approach , Herzog and Gurken argue that EU legislation represents 84 % of German legislation [ 6 ] adopted between 1998 and 2004 while Bertoncini found it to be between 10 and 15 % in France . Following a transposition approach , here again Germany stood out , with Töller reporting figures shy of 40 % , while Terra Nova contended it was “ less than 10 % ” in France [ 7 ] . For other Member States , Bovens and Yesilkagit [ JS1 ] found transposition to account for 10 to 19 % of Dutch legislation , while in the UK figures are closer to 15 % [ 8 ] . In sum , using an overall 80 % mark is inadequate , and there are clear variations between Member States . But the figures vary even more between different policy areas .
Does the 80 % figure hold for environmental policy ?
Given the nature of European integration , it is likely that this figure will vary considerably for different policy areas . For example , “ European impulses ” considerably drive agricultural legislation : estimates range between 28.6 and 79.2 % in Germany since 1983 [ 9 ] and 63.64 % in France between 1999 and 2008 [ 10 ] . Environmental policy is also very much Europeanised according to this method of measurement : Terra Nova finds that 46.67 % of French environmental laws passed between 1999 and 2008 were used to transpose European directives , while Töller finds figures of 69.2 % and 81.3 % between 1998 and 2005 . Thus the idea that 80 % of environmental legislation in Europe has a EU origin , mentioned amongst others by former Commissioner Stavros Dimas [ 11 ] , is an exaggeration but much closer to the truth than if we consider the whole of the acquis .
What do these figures tell us about European governance ?
One may conclude from a quick reading of these figures that we tend to overestimate Brussels ' influence in the member states ( as 10-20 % impact in many States and even 39 % for Germany is far from 80 % ) . But the impact of Brussels clearly reaches beyond the number of directives it churns out : impact also derives from regulations and rulings of the European Court of Justice , to name but a few examples . The differences among member states may also reflect different institutional environments : in France 's centralized system Paris takes many decisions , which the Länder would take in Germany 's federal system .
Better debates on Europe
In the run-up to European elections this May 2014 , we are likely to witness how different political actors will use related figures selectively to further their interests . We believe that using wholesale figures of legislation ‘ originating ' from Brussels is unhelpful for the reasons detailed above . A better approach may be , first , to debate the competences the European institutions , member states and other actors have in particular policy areas and second , to debate the policies that derive from these competences . This approach would go a long way to presenting voters with credible alternatives that are of interest and matter to them .
[ 1 ] Bertoncini , Y . ( 2009 ) What is the impact of EU interventions at the national level ? , Notre Europe Study and Research n.73 available here [ 2 ] http : //blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2012/06/13/europeanization-of-public-policy/ [ 3 ] http : //www.jcm.org.uk/blog/2009/06/what-percentage-of-laws-come-from-the-eu/ [ 4 ] Töller , A . ( 2008 ) Mythen und Methoden . Zur Messung der Europäisierung der Gesetzgebung des Deutschen Bundestages jenseits des 80-Prozent-Mythos , Zeitschrift für Parlamentsfragen ( Zparl ) , Heft 1/2008 , S. 3-17 available here [ 5 ] Bovens , M. & Yesilkagit , K. ( 2010 ) , The EU as lawmaker : the impact of EU directives on national regulation in the Netherlands , Public Administration Vol . 88 , No . 1 , pp . 57–74 , available here [ 6 ] Töller , A . ( 2008 ) , ibid . [ 7 ] Fekl , M. & Platt , T. ( 2010 ) , Normes européennes , loi française : le mythe des 80 % , Terra Nova , available here [ 8 ] http : //www.jcm.org.uk/blog/2009/06/what-percentage-of-laws-come-from-the-eu/ [ 9 ] Töller , A . ( 2008 ) , ibid . [ 10 ] Fekl , M & Platt , T. ( 2010 ) , ibid . [ 11 ] Dimas , S. ( 2005 ) Foreword , EU Environmental Policy Handbook , EEB , available here
Viviane Gravey is a Lecturer in European Politics at Queen 's University Belfast . Her research focuses on EU environmental politics , policy dismantling and European ( dis ) integration . She is a lead author of the expert review The EU Referendum and the UK environment ( 2016 ) . She holds a PhD in environmental politics from the University of East Anglia , a MSc in Politics and Government of the EU from the LSE and a Master in European Affairs from Sciences Po Paris . Twitter View all posts by Viviane Gravey →
-ing English Wikipedia has an article on : Wikipedia
Alternative forms Edit
Pronunciation Edit
Etymology 1 Edit
From Middle English -ing , from Old English -ing , -ung ( “ -ing ” , suffix forming nouns from verbs ) , from Proto-Germanic * -ingō , * -ungō , from Proto-Indo-European * -enkʷ- . Cognate with West Frisian -ing ( “ -ing ” ) , Dutch -ing ( “ -ing ” ) , Low German -ing ( “ -ing ” ) Low German -ink ( “ -ink ” ) , German -ung ( “ -ing ” ) , Swedish -ing ( “ -ing ” ) , Icelandic -ing ( “ -ing ” ) .
Suffix Edit
-ing
Used to form gerunds , a type of verbal nouns , from verbs . the making of the film ; the forging of the sword took several hours of planning , preparation , and metalwork Used to form uncountable nouns from various parts of speech denoting materials or systems of objects considered collectively . Roofing is a material that covers a roof . Piping is a system of pipes considered collectively .
Usage notes Edit
Compare -tion , which can be applied to some ( Latinate ) verbs with similar meaning : the activating of the weapon must be stopped vs the activation of the weapon .
Synonyms Edit
Derived terms Edit
collection batting
bunting
carpeting
lining
packing
piping roofing
siding ticking
tubing
wadding
wiring
Translations Edit
The translations below are a guide only . See individual words for precise translations .
materials , systems of objects Dutch : -werk n , -systeem ( nl ) n
, Faroese : -ing f Malay : -an
Old Norse : -ing f
See also Edit
( collection ) : work
Etymology 2 Edit
From Middle English -inge , -ynge , alteration or replacement by the above of earlier -inde , -ende , -and ( see -and ) , from Old English -ende ( present participle ending ) , from Proto-Germanic * -andz ( present participle ending ) , from Proto-Indo-European * -nt- . Cognate with Dutch -end , German -end , Gothic -𐌰𐌽𐌳𐍃 ( -ands ) , -𐍉𐌽𐌳𐍃 ( -ōnds ) , Latin -ans , -ant- , Ancient Greek -ον ( -on ) , Sanskrit -अन्त् ( -ant ) . More at -and .
Suffix Edit
-ing
Used to form present participles of verbs . Rolling stones gather no moss . You are making a mess . a . 2001 , Brian Hall , “ Beej 's Guide to Network Programming ” , “ Using Internet Sockets ” If you are connected ( ) ing to a remote machine [ … ] you can simply call connect ( ) , it 'll check to see if the socket is unworthy , and will bind ( ) it to an unused local port if necessary .
Derived terms Edit
Translations Edit
Etymology 3 Edit
From Middle English -ing , from Old English -ing , from Proto-Germanic * -ingaz . Akin to Old Norse -ingr , Gothic -𐌹𐌲𐌲𐍃 ( -iggs ) .
Suffix Edit
-ing
Forming derivative nouns ( originally masculine ) , with the sense ‘ son of , belonging to ' , as patronymics or diminutives . No longer productive in either sense . Browning , Channing , Ewing bunting shilling farthing Having a specified quality , characteristic , or nature ; of the kind of sweeting whiting gelding
Derived terms Edit
terms derived using -ing ( etymology 3 ) atheling gelding
See also Edit
References Edit
^ Orton , H. et al. , The Linguistic Atlas of England , Croom Helm , London : 1978 . ^ Allan Metcalf , How We Talk : American Regional English , Houghton Mifflin , Boston : 2000 , p 143
Record of Agarest War 2 : More grind than a peppermill
It 's tough to be a console JRPG in the West in this day and age . The genre just does n't hold the same industry clout that it did in the 16 and 32-bit eras . So , if nothing else , I commend Aksys for being one of the very few companies out there still dedicated to localizing these games into English . Record of Agarest War 2 is the company 's latest project , and the third title released in the series ( all of which have made it to American shelves ) , and I 'm happy we have the chance to play it .
The Record of Agarest War series is best known for taking the multi-generational birth system first introduced in Phantasy Star III and expanding upon it in a new series . That and gratuitous sex appeal , but we 'll get to that later . Basically , the selling point of the game 's mechanics is that you can plan out your future children by choosing your wife in each generation . This adds a lot more depth to the standard system of character building , and can be very powerful if orchestrated correctly by a careful player . However , it can be somewhat bothersome if you do n't put in that amount of planning , since you may have to go back and level-grind a great deal just to keep your main character 's stats in favor with the battle strategy you have chosen .
Speaking of grinding , let 's talk about the battle system and the quest system . It seems like for the better part of the last two generations , Idea Factory has been trying to craft the perfect strategy RPG battle system . Having never quite been able to strike gold with their attempts , the developers tried something different for Agarest . It 's incredibly complicated and daunting , sporting multiple points and gauges across the battle HUD , but it is certainly different , combining the combat mechanics of a turn-based system with grid-based movement . The character is not allowed to move around the grid freely , but is instead moved by their attacks .
Since the battle system is based around keeping your characters in formation , this unfortunately seems like it is punishing you for using your most powerful attacks , which do break formation . Once you break formation , you can no longer participate in multi-character attacks that turn , which are essential to a successful battle . For a great deal of the time , it felt like I was fighting the battle system more than the enemies in front of me . But once you break in the system and have it bend to your will , you can actually pull off some pretty neat strategies . You just have to study and fully comprehend every aspect of the system to do this . It 's a shame that the finer points of the battle system were not given such a front-loaded tutorial , because this is one game in which a good tutorial would have been a godsend in easing players into the mechanics .
There are many points in the game where you are required to complete a certain number of side quests to advance the main story , which brings forth the dreaded trope we know as item-grinding . As you can imagine , the layout of many of these quests follow the standard formula of “ kill X monsters and get their item drop ” , a structure you rarely see outside of Western RPGs and MMOs . I ca n't say I 'm particularly thrilled to see it here , especially considering how the game handles item drops . This is almost certainly nitpicking , but this is something that irritated me to no end when playing the quests . The only reasonable way to get an enemy 's specific item drop is to have them go into “ Overkill Mode ” , where you essentially have to kill the enemy twice over , the second time being on a single turn . This means you have to be much more powerful that the enemy you 're fighting , which can be very annoying for tougher , rarer monsters , entailing many hours of grinding .
This quest-based progression just does n't gel with a narrative-driven game . It drags down the story , and creates an awkward flow . The quest management mechanics , however , are very straightforward and well-designed . You do n't need to accept quests to start them , so if you already have met the criteria for a quest , you can already report it as completed . This certainly made the system a lot more bearable .
Agarest War 2 , as expected from any Idea Factory RPG , features highly-detailed anime portraits and sprites for the characters in the game . The conversation portraits for the characters animate as they first did in Nippon Ichi/Idea Factory collaboration Trinity Universe , but the animations were improved for Agarest , incorporating more subtle movements . It still just barely falls into the uncanny valley , but it 's certainly a big step in the right direction . Surprisingly , it 's actually the 3D visuals that are the star of the show here . The backgrounds in battles and cutscenes , all of which are rendered in 3D , are detailed , vibrant , and aesthetically consistent . It 's really refreshing to see , and shows that the developers were n't simply copy-pasting the anime aesthetic wholesale .
The monster designs are also visually interesting and just as detailed as the backgrounds . There are really only two flaws that I can see with the visual presentation . First , although the character battle sprites are detailed and fluidly-animated , they are still shown at an oddly-low resolution ; it looks like someone smeared Vaseline over proper HD sprites . It 's a strange and confusing dynamic that sticks out like a sore thumb when put up against the rest of the game . Second , for some reason , the game tends to chug when these sprites animate , especially during the loading of the beginning of a battle , dropping to a jarring low framerate for a few seconds . There really should be no reason for this happening ; there is nothing terribly visually complex going on , so I can only imagine this can be chalked up to poor use of the game engine . The soundtrack is nothing to write home about ; standard JRPG fare in every sense of the word , heavily utilizing synth , keyboards , and horns to compose the adventurous tunes of every RPG you 've ever played .
If nothing else , the Agarest series has been known for its gratuitous use of sex appeal as a marketing tool . It 's certainly nothing new for any form of mass media , but the sheer bombast by which the series does so has raised a few eyebrows . Yes , the locus of the game 's character design is clearly on attractive women . One could argue that said sex appeal is seen in both sexes for the game , as the men in the game are pretty easy on the eyes , but this does n't really hold water under any degree of scrutiny , given the game 's heterosexual-male-focused marketing .
Agarest 2 is a game for those who really , really love JRPGs , flaws and all . If that person is you , then I 'm pretty sure you will love the game . If not , then you probably should n't bother . The story is as archetypal as you can possibly get for the genre , and whether that is good or bad relies on your personal taste . It really is one of those situations where you can predict the entire story , scene by scene , based on available tropes . The characters are no different , using your standard roles such as the goofy sidekick , a bunch of demure young girls , an ice queen and whatever else can be pulled out of the grab bag .
It 's unfortunate that the battle system of Agarest 2 was so poorly handled ; with a better tutorial , less grinding and maybe a free movement option , it could have been something quite novel and engaging , but as it stands , there is n't a whole lot to carry it , and even less to draw new players in with its combat mechanics . The lag in battles is also troubling , but is less of an issue . But , despite all these flaws , I can still see the appeal in Record of Agarest War 2 . If you are a huge fan of the genre and need something to sink your teeth into , you could do worse than this game . You can probably do much better , too .
Pros : Excellent 2D art and 3D models , lots of play time
Cons : Confusing battle system , unoriginal story , too much grinding
New stats from supertest covering the Tier 7 artillery and incorperating the new stun mechanic . Here 's what we have :
SU-14-1
Tier : 7
HP : 350
Hull Armor : 20/20/10 mm
Hull Traverse : 16°/sec
View Range : 260 m
Speed : +30/-8 kph
Penetration : 52 mm
Damage : 1050
Maximum Stun Time : 28 sec
Stun Radius : 14.3 m
Accuracy : 0.8
Aim Time : 6.2 sec
Reload : 49.5 sec
Crusader SP
Tier : 7
HP : 350
Hull Armor : 28/28/12 mm
Hull Traverse : 32°/sec
View Range : 275 m
Speed : +14/-43.5 kph
Penetration : 35 mm
Damage : 600
Maximum Stun Time : 22 sec
Stun Radius : 9 m
Accuracy : 0.66
Aim Time : 4.8 sec
Reload : 25 sec
S-51
Tier : 7
HP : 350
Hull Armor : 60/60/60 mm
Hull Traverse : 20°/sec
View Range : 275 m
Speed : +30/-8 kph
Penetration : 52 mm
Damage : 1050
Maximum Stun Time : 28 sec
Stun Radius : 14.3 m
Accuracy : 0.81
Aim Time : 6.1 sec
Reload : 49 sec
G.W . Panther
Tier : 7
HP : 360
Hull Armor : 50/30/20 mm
Hull Traverse : 26°/sec
View Range : 275 m
Speed : +46/-12 kph
Penetration : 39 mm
Damage : 680
Maximum Stun Time : 18 sec
Stun Radius : 9 m
Accuracy : 0.64
Aim Time : 5.4 sec
Reload : 28 sec
M12
Tier : 7
HP : 350
Hull Armor : 50/19/19 mm
Hull Traverse : 20°/sec
View Range : 270 m
Speed : +38.6/-10 kph
Penetration : 39 mm
Damage : 700
Maximum Stun Time : 23 sec
Stun Radius : 10 m
Accuracy : 0.66
Aim Time : 5.5 sec
Reload : 27.7 sec
Lorr . 155 mle . 50
Tier : 7
HP : 340
Hull Armor : 40/30/20mm
Hull Traverse : 30°/sec
View Range : 270m
Speed : +60/-14kph
Penetration : 39mm
Damage : 700
Maximum Stun Time : 22 sec
Stun Radius : 10m
Accuracy : 0.69
Aim Time : 5 sec
Reload : 29.8 sec
Rudolf Smit loved astronomy as a child , and now he loves astrology… but he no longer believes it 's real . There was a time when he was a full-time consulting astrologer and widely admired astrology author . Founder of the Society of Practising Astrologers in the Netherlands and deeply passionate about a belief he found quite beautiful , Smit authored an astrology handbook and wrote popular articles for Dutch astrology publications like Earth & Cosmos and The Planets Speak .
The planets failed to reveal the shock that was to come .
In a moving autobiographical essay on his website Astrology and Science , Smit tells his story . Born in 1942 , he began to fall in love with astrology in the late 1960s , but not without a healthy dose of skepticism :
[ I ] bought myself a booklet about my Sun sign… [ M ] uch of what I read did for a great deal pertain to me . I was truly astonished… But at that point some skepticism crept in . What if I would buy all the other nine-star sign booklets ? I took a personal bet that after reading those booklets I would discover in each of them descriptions that would fit me . And indeed , so it occurred… But then I happened to visit the parents of someone I knew… Two days later I found in my mail a nicely drawn up horoscope… which made me feel flabbergasted . She had written things which were quite specific to my character and situation in life , and which she could not have known . But I was still not fully convinced . So I did something else : I sent my birth data to a well-known astrologer and asked him to write an analysis purely based on those data , hence without ever seeing me . Six weeks later I received his nicely structured , six-page description which fitted me miraculously well . I was elated and the die was cast : from now on astrology had me firmly in its grip ! This was the beginning of an exciting time .
Smit began casting horoscopes for himself and his friends , who were impressed with his accuracy . This comes as no surprise today to those familiar with the now-famous Forer ( or Barnum ) Effect in psychology .
[ T ] here was that wonderful feeling…of having encountered a miracle…This was truly astonishing , and I felt elated .
He began taking clients and plunged into astrology as a profession :
A wonderful time followed . Everybody was full of optimism and felt that it would be only a matter of a few years before astrology was fully accepted by society .
One day , a very strange thing happened during a client session :
All seemed to go pretty well ; she was nodding all the time while saying , “ yes , yes , you are so right… ” But then I said something like : “ well Ms Johnson , we…. ” She interrupted : ” Sorry , my name is Petersen , not Johnson. ” I then experienced a terrible sinking feeling , because I then saw before me the horoscope of a Ms Johnson , but the person before me was surely not this Ms Johnson ! Apparently I had taken the wrong chart from my file cabinet ! Truly , I have forgotten how I got myself out of this most embarrassing terrible mess , but apparently I had managed the situation pretty well , because she went away a happy client . After seeing her out I sat in my study , confused thoughts racing through my mind . How is it possible to do a correct reading based on a wrong chart ? Did not all textbooks tell us that a horoscope is unique , that is , only fitting its native and no one else ? If so , how on earth could I have made correct delineations based on a totally wrong chart ? I was completely puzzled .
But this was his life . His livelihood . His very human brain pushed away doubts sufficiently to allow him to practice for a while longer… but his early skepticism was returning . Through the 1970s , he worked to examine systematically just how well horoscopes correlated with reality , desperately hoping to prove astrology worked :
It took me a number of years to carry out these projects . I succeeded , but to my great chagrin the test results were contrary to all hopeful expectations . One did not have to be a professional statistician to find out that many , if not all , statements in astrological text books , fell flat when tested on a great number of horoscopes . For example , I tested the statement that in the charts of people who had died an accidental death , there would be a remarkable incidence of Progressed Ascendant to Mars , or of Progressed Mars to the Ascendant . Sure , there were a few ( but the word says it all : a few ) , hence not an overwhelming number which could confirm the textbook statement . And so it went on and on .
Still , the love of his beloved practice remained strong , and Smit continued casting horoscopes until a fateful friendship began with another research-minded astrologer . Geoffrey Dean , whose later work disproving astrology makes him well known today in skeptical circles , was speaking at an Australian astrology conference with Smit . Dean gave Smit a draft paper of his to review , which impressed Smit with its objective , rigorous approach . But his pleasure was soon shattered :
One chapter though gave me that terrible sinking feeling again . Not because he had written something wrong , but because there was the sense of immediate awareness that he was so right ! And that was the moment when the penny dropped . The sudden realisation how I had been doing my readings and why I had been so successful… In this chapter Dean discussed about 20 factors that affect “ personal validation ” or the way a client personally assesses or validates an astrological reading… These factors included things like the Barnum effect ( seeing specifics in generalities ) and selective memory ( ignoring errors ) , most of which I did recognise , that is , I had the strong feeling that indeed I myself had been a victim of most of them .
Smit then quotes from a chapter in Dean 's paper on “ Cold Reading ” about tricks not widely known in those days before the Internet . It was a great shock to see these laid out so bluntly :
Watch the eyes and hands for signs that they say yes and no . Make the reading happy and positive . Be a good listener . Loosen the client 's tongue with flattery . Discover the problem and then tell the client what she wants to hear… Usually neither the reader nor the client is consciously aware of this communication process , which therefore can result in a reading that seems mysteriously perceptive . The point is that a skilled cold reader can produce a totally convincing reading very similar to a chart reading ( and probably more accurate ) but without using a chart . In which case it can not be claimed that astrology plays an essential part in the reading process . ”
For Smit , those words struck a harsh blow . It felt to him as if “ the bottom had been kicked away from under ” his existence . He knew at that moment that his life 's work had been an illusion :
[ Without ] ever having been consciously aware of it , I had been an excellent cold reader… Now it also became devastatingly clear why I had had excellent sessions based on the totally wrong chart . Sympathy , cold reading , and the nice astrological symbolism had done the trick , not astrology itself .
There were more shocks to come . Dean showed Smit letters from clients praising the accuracy of his horoscopes – “ So true it is amazing ! ” “ You know me inside out ! ” But Dean had stumbled upon the same discovery as Smit , causing him to give up his practice :
[ I ] n 1980 [ Dean ] found to his amazement that clients were just as happy with a reading that was the opposite of the authentic reading . Like me he had discovered that any chart would do provided the astrologer is sensitive and caring .
Smit was plunged into depression . It took sizable strength of character to close his practice and start completely over in life . His painful emotional struggle was eased somewhat when he learned he was not alone , that other honest astrologers had discovered the same phenomenon and given up their practice . These included David Hamblin , one-time chair of the Astrology Association of Great Britain . Ever the researcher , Smit now had to know…
…why astrology still exerts so much attraction to so many people . In other words , why do astrologers still go on believing whereas the evidence against it is mounting and mounting ? …I conclude that astrologers go on believing because the apparent match between horoscope and client is such an extremely persuasive situation that it is easy for them to ignore every evidence against astrology — as indeed it seems they have always done…
Though no longer a believer , Smit remained drawn to astrology , conducting investigations as editor of Correlation – Journal of Objective Research into Astrology . He is now retired from a career as editor and translator at a scientific and technological laboratory , and has created the website Astrology and Science as a research archive .
“ [ A ] strology has undeniable appeal , ” Smit writes , that “ satisfies the longing… to feel part of the universe. ” I hope he 's remembered his childhood love of astronomy , and discovered how to satisfy that longing in ways that fulfill his truly courageous demand for truth .
Khalid Bilal ( Photo : Photo provided )
MUNCIE , Ind . – Charges against an ex-Muncie man accused of fighting with police officers – and threatening to kill shoppers at a northside store unless they converted to Islam – have been dismissed .
That 's because 24-year-old Khalid Sulaiman Bilal , a former Ball State University student , has been deported .
Bilal was charged with 15 crimes – including five counts of battery resulting in bodily injury to a police officer , three counts of resisting law enforcement , and attempted strangulation and intimidation – in connection with the March 25 incident at the Goodwill store , 5035 W. Hesler Blvd .
RELATED :
Police : $ 101K found in suspect 's car
Teens accused of pointing handgun
According to police reports and documents filed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , Bilal tried to “ forcefully convert people to Islam ” after entering the Goodwill store , at times threatening to kill everyone in the building .
He was also charged with battering and choking a store clerk , vowing to kill her if she did not convert to Islam . Witnesses said he repeatedly shouted , “ Allahu Akbar ! ” as he struggled with police officers .
Two days after the Goodwill incident , Bilal was accused of striking an IU Health Ball Memorial Hospital police officer in the face .
Homeland Security agents searched Bilal 's northside Muncie home – in Scheidler Apartments , owned by Ball State – for signs of “ radicalized behavior . ”
At an April 12 hearing in Delaware Circuit Court 1 , Bilal told Judge Marianne Vorhees he was not a U.S. citizen . Later that day , he was taken into custody by federal authorities , reportedly bound for deportation proceedings in Chicago or Indianapolis .
Chief Deputy Prosecutor Eric Hoffman this week filed a motion to dismiss the 15 charges pending against Bilal , noting “ the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has deported the defendant back to his native county of Saudi Arabia . ”
Contact news reporter Douglas Walker at ( 765 ) 213-5851 . Follow him on Twitter : @ DouglasWalkerSP .
Read or Share this story : http : //tspne.ws/2tujDV5
Wild fans will want to treat Steve Ott as a villain . He 's not . Villains are frightening . Ott is more like junk mail — annoying but meaningless , and soon to be stuffed in the proper recycling bin .
If the St. Louis Blues were intelligent , they would be feeding off the talent of Vladimir Tarasenko . Instead , they are feeding off the idiocy of Ott , a supposed enforcer who plays like a child , holding sticks and patting heads instead of just once hitting someone square .
When Ott actually had a chance to help his team with a third-period breakaway , he lost the puck , then fanned on a pass in the crease . He 's not a hockey player ; he 's a rodeo clown .
Sometimes Ott mimics a tough guy late in games , when the hockey portion of the evening has ended . Monday , with his team down by three goals in the waning moments , he jumped on the smallest player in the game , Jared Spurgeon .
For Ott 's next act of bravery , he will taunt a sleeping kitten .
“ That 's two games now — both wins — that he 's ended up with a 10-minute misconduct , ” Wild goalie Devan Dubnyk said . “ It 's at the end of the game , so we know why he 's out there and that 's what he 's looking to do . ”
Marco Scandella ( 6 ) was struck by Steve Ott ( 9 ) in the third period . Ott received a game misconduct penalty .
Dubnyk sprinted out of his crease when he saw Ott on top of Spurgeon .
“ He 's scratching at Spurgy 's face , ” Dubnyk said . “ He 's on the ice with his glove in his face and I could see his fingers moving , he 's pulling at his mouth and his nose and eyes . I do n't want our guy to end up hurt with his eyes or whatever . And the ref was standing there , so I just told him to grab , to get his hand . I could see his hand scratching at his face , so I just do n't want Spurgy to get hurt and I would n't be surprised if that 's what he was trying to do . ”
After a season of Wild fans dreading a matchup with the Blues , this series is already a competitive disappointment , and for wholly unexpected reasons . The Wild skated figure eights around St. Louis on Monday night at Xcel Energy Center , winning 3-0 to take a 2-1 advantage in the series .
The Blues are one of those hockey clubs that think hitting after the whistle is a substitute for scoring goals or stopping pucks . Other than a predictable flurry to begin Game 2 , they have been unworthy of playoff hockey .
The flip side of this development is that the Wild now has no excuse not to take a 3-1 lead Wednesday . If these Wild players lose a series to a team this undisciplined , they should be banned from their lake homes and forced to wear Ott jerseys this summer .
The Blues were supposed to be a tougher opponent than last year 's Round 1 foe , Colorado , but they are proving again they do n't have the stomach for a fair fight . Since 2003 , they are 3-17 on the road in the playoffs . They 'd be better off sending Bernie Federko 's statue .
If the symbolic moment of Game 2 was Ott patting Jason Zucker on the head , the symbolic moment of Game 3 might have been Zucker laughing in the face of St. Louis defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk , or Ott missing a check on Jonas Brodin and faking a punch at Matt Dumba , who was sitting on the bench . Dumba laughed as if he was watching Will Ferrell in an elf suit .
If the Blues ' goal was to intimidate , they have failed . They will need another strategy , or gear .
Ott makes his most notable appearances right before the postgame Zamboni . He is the victory cigar you would rather not smoke .
Once the Wild had won , the Blues “ enforcer ” became Ott the Penalty Bot .
“ Just let him be a nonfactor out there , ” Wild forward Charlie Coyle said . “ That 's his game . That 's what he 's here to do . We do n't focus on that . We do n't pay attention to it . He does n't do much out there . ”
Edmond Tarverdyan has become a household name lately , at least in MMA circles . As the coach of perhaps the most dominant and well-known fighter in the world at the moment , Tarverdyan has been a passenger , or some might say a pilot , on the rocket ship known as Ronda Rousey . Which is what makes this next part so unusual .
Bloody Elbow 's John Nash recently learned that Tarverdyan filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy on July 29 in Los Angeles . Further investigation has revealed this to not be your average , everyday bankruptcy proceeding .
Tarverdyan lists his occupation as `` Not Employed '' while earning `` $ 0.00 '' in gross wages , salary , tips , bonuses , and commissions and receiving `` $ 0.00 '' in net income from operating a business , profession , or farm ( Debtor 1 column below ) . His spouse did not file for bankruptcy but her income was included in the form . Bloody Elbow has redacted her precise income for privacy purposes but will confirm it is less than $ 10,000 a month and , after expenses , Tarverdyan claims a net monthly family income of $ -110.00 .
Filers are required to list their average monthly income received from all sources during the six full months prior to submitting for bankruptcy . For Tarverdyan , this is Jan. 1 through Jun . 30 , 2015 , a time period including Rousey 's successful women 's bantamweight title defense against Cat Zingano at UFC 184 on Feb. 28 .
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is designed for `` debtors in financial difficulty who do not have the ability to pay their existing debts . '' Among his debts , Tarverdyan lists $ 136,925 owed to Bank of America , $ 117,714 to Barclays Bank Delaware , $ 194,252 to Citibank , $ 8,836 to Citibank Nk , $ 163,693 to Citibank South Dakota , $ 6,411 to Discover , $ 8,496 to Discover Bank , $ 11,953 to Glendale Memorial Hospital , $ 7,294 to HSBC Bank , $ 22,000 to HSBC Bank Nevada N.A. , and $ 9,817 to Luis Samkow .
As if it 's not strange enough that the coach of perhaps the UFC 's biggest star would have over $ 700,000 in debt while listing only $ 3,300 in assets and earning no recent personal income , the story gets even stranger . Tarverdyan claims he ca n't remember the last time he filed a tax return .
On Aug. 28 , Tarverdyan submitted a declaration stating , `` For the taxable years 2013 and 2014 I was n't required to file income taxes and did not file income taxes for those years . In fact , I have not filed for several years now and can not recall when was the last year I filed an income tax return . ''
The unusual circumstances of this case have n't slipped past the bankruptcy trustee appointed to oversee the process . He 's particularly interested in Tarverdyan 's ownership or lack thereof in Glendale Fighting Club .
On Oct. 21 , the trustee wrote in an application to the Court , `` Applicant 's preliminary investigation has revealed , among other things , that the Debtor transferred his interest in G.F.C . Fitness , Inc. ( `` GFC Fitness '' ) , which owns and operates a fitness facility known as the Glendale Fighting Club in Glendale , California . '' The trustee requested permission to hire an attorney to assist and advise in the following :
a. determine the nature , extent and value of the Debtor 's former interest or current interest , if any , in GFC Fitness ; b. avoid any fraudulent and/or preferential transfers , including any transfers involving GFC Fitness ; c. liquidate any property that is recovered as a result of the avoidance of any transfers ; d. prosecute claims objections to the extent that legal issues are involved and that funds are generated for the estate ; and e. take such other legal action that may be necessary and appropriate . ( emphasis added )
Preferential transfers are a big concern in any bankruptcy proceeding . People may transfer their valuable property to someone else before filing their case or pay back certain creditors ( family members , for example ) before others . It appears the trustee is aware of Tarverdyan 's role at GFC and is suspicious as to why it does n't show up in his official documents .
The trustee has since filed motions asking a judge to order Bank of America , Barclays , Citibank , Discover and HSBC to produce `` copies of documents , records , information and statements reflecting all transactions '' made on Tarverdyan 's accounts from Jan. 1 , 2008 through July 29 , 2015 , `` including but not limited to dates and descriptions of cash advances , purchases , payments on account , source of payments and balances ... ''
In the same filings , the trustee notes among the summary of facts , `` Debtor states that he had no income from employment or from the operations of a business in 2013 and 2014 . '' These are the same years Rousey entered the UFC as an already-established champion and started taking the world by storm . It clearly seems peculiar to the trustee that her coach would have no income during this period and be able to incur such large debts .
The next important date in this case is Nov. 16 , where Tarverdyan 's scheduled to appear for a 314 meeting with creditors . He 'll be put under oath and have to answer questions from the trustee and any creditors who decide to attend .
If nothing else , the timing 's certainly noteworthy . Two days after coaching Ronda Rousey at UFC 193 in what should be one of her highest-profile title defenses ever , Tarverdyan 's scheduled to be under oath in a bankruptcy hearing to , in all likelihood , answer questions about why he earns no income and what happened to his gym .
Paul is Bloody Elbow 's analytics writer and former provider of expert witness support in antitrust cases . Follow him @ MMAanalytics .
Tower of Champions is a special event for players to play challenging dungeons .
Contents show ]
Skipping Floors
You can skip floors in the Tower of Champions by using stamina .
Floors you can skip to
5F ( 20 Stamina )
10F ( 65 Stamina )
15F ( 135 Stamina )
20F ( 230 Stamina )
You have to have the amount of stamina to skip . You can use an Orb to overflow stamina to skip floors .
Caution
You can only skip once
You ca n't skip if you passed 4F
You will not be able to gain the rewards from the dungeons you skipped
Floors 1-15
The first 15 floors can drop the corresponding monsters . Difficulty-wise , they are Savage and lower . You do n't have to deal with the hazards as long as you have a team 6 * monsters .
Floor Hazards Monsters Dropped Rewards 1F
Enter Royce None 2F
Immortal Madness Gravity Barriers 3F
Divine Awakening None 4F
Fantasia Fest Warps 5F
Samurai Resistance Mines x5 Deluxpie 6F
Fab Five Conveyors 7F
Ragnarok Revivers 8F
Devilish Foes Wind 9F
Sun 's Requiem Pierce Obstructors , Warps , Revivers 10F
Ninpo Nindo Bounce Obstructors x1 Dark 6 * 11F
Vedas Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls 12F
Dust of Olympus Warps , Ability Locks , Obstructors 13F
A Final Song Mines 14F
Transcendence Damage Walls 15F
Sengoku Scorpions , Poison , Revivers x1 Divine Sharl
Floors 16-20
These Floors are around Extreme level . You need to bring monsters that deal with the hazards .
Floor Hazards Overall Strategy Rewards 16F
Hungry Flame Damage Walls , Gravity Barriers , Drones , Shields , Blocks - Bring at least 3 Null Damage Wall monsters
- Do not bring Deity Monsters 17F
Raging Waves 'Gravity Barriers , Ability Locks , Movement - Stack Wood Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Bring monsters with powerful Bump Combos 18F
Poisonous Wyrm Mines , Revivers , Poison , Obstructors , ATK Down , Ability Locks - Stack monsters with Homing Bump Combos
-Clear mobs every other turn 19F
Golden Serpent Warps , Revivers , Ability Locks , Poison - Bring Dark Null Warp monsters
- Do not bring Fiend monsters 20F
Plague Scales Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls , ATK Down - Bring Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Do not bring Fiend monsters - Focus on mob clearing x1 King Mormite
Floors 21-25
The difficulty goes up rapidly . From now on , all Floors are No-Continue only .
Floor Hazards Overall Strategy Rewards 21F
Showdown Damage Walls , No Hearts , Gravity Barriers , Shields , Recovery , DEF Up - Bring Water Null Damage Wall monsters
- Need at least 2 Recovery monsters
- Do not bring Demihume monsters x1 Red Dragon Gem 22F
Freeze or Die Gravity Barriers , Drones , Healing Walls , ATK Down - Stack Wood Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Do not attack the Boss on the first turn x1 Blue Dragon Gem 23F
A Goddess Descends Warps , Recovery , Poison , Revivers , ATK Down - Bring Deity , Wood , or Counter Slayers
- Defeat enemies before their Volatile Blasts x1 Green Dragon Gem 24F
Fallen Light Gravity Barriers , Poison , Shields , Healing Walls , Scorpions - Bring Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Get monsters with Status Recovery or Detox Ableberries x1 Light Dragon Gem 25F
Brewing Darkness Gravity Barriers , Scorpions , Poison , Pierce Obstructors , ATK Down - Bring monsters with Poison Bump Combos
- SS with Knock Ups are great for Boss damage x1 Dark Dragon Gem
Floors 26-30
Most of the Floors require monsters with 2 Null Abilities . General strategy comes from the first 2 rounds of Impossible Dungeons .
Floor Hazards Overall Strategy Rewards 26F
Cycle of Flame Damage Walls , Warps , Shields , Drones , Revivers , DEF Up , Movement , ATK Down - Bring Water Null Damage Wall and Null Warp monsters
- Defeat the zombie loop by clearing both at once or 1 zombie with 2 mobs x2 Orbs 27F
Frozen Corridor Gravity Barriers , Warps , Obstructors , Revivers , Homing Absorbers , Ability Locks , Summon , Recovery , DEF Up - Bring Wood Null Gravity Barrier and Null Warp monsters
- Alternate Bounce and Pierce monsters
- One shot the enemies while dealing damage to Boss x2 Orbs 28F
World PC Gravity Barriers , Mines , Movement , ATK Down , Recovery - Bring Bounce Null Gravity Barrier and Mine Sweeper monsters
- Pinch enemies to effectively clear them x2 Orbs 29F
Waning Moon Damage Walls , Mines , Ability Locks , Revivers , Skulls , Summon , DEF Up - Bring Null Damage Wall and Mine Sweeper monsters
- Defeat the zombie loop by clearing both zombies at once
- Focus on the Clone of the Boss x2 Orbs 30F
Bound Abomination Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls , Blocks , Drones , Ability Locks , Obstructors , Healing Walls , Skulls , Summon , Laser Barriers , ATK Down , Movement - Bring Null Damage Wall and Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Need both Bounce and Pierce monsters
- Bring monsters with powerful Bump Combos x1 Babel
Floors 31-35
Difficulty increases even further . General strategy comes from the first round of Colossal Dungeons . You will have to bring monsters with the right Element .
Floor Hazards Overall Strategy Rewards 31F
Heavenly Labyrinth Elemental Effectiveness , Gravity Barriers , Magic Circles , Blocks , Wind , Revivers - Bring Water Null Gravity Barrier Bounce monsters
- Pinch between enemies to take them down before their Volatile Blasts x2 Babel 32F
Burning Sapphire Elemental Effectiveness , Mines , Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls , Drones , Blocks , ATK Down , Homing Absorbers , Healing Walls , Skulls , Sleep - Bring Wood Flight / Mine Sweeper monsters with NGB or NDW
- Focus on the Homing Absorbers x3 Babel 33F
Twin Emerald Elemental Effectiveness , Damage Walls , Bounce Obstructors , Pierce Obstructors , Warps , Magic Circles , Drones , Revivers - Bring Fire Null Damage Wall Pierce monsters
- Defeat the Bounce Obstructors in one shot x4 Babel 34F
Crazed Showdown Damage Walls , Warps , Shields , Drones , Blocks , Laser Barriers , Skulls , Recovery , Summon - Bring Null Damage Wall and Null Warp monsters
- Focus on the Specters to debuff enemies x5 Babel 35F
Bound Deity Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls , Speed Walls , Blocks , Magic Circles , Skulls , Obstructors , Homing Absorbers , Revivers , ATK Down , Laser Barriers , Summon - Bring Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Need both Bounce and Pierce monsters
- Use the Speed Walls to gain speed x20 Orbs
Floors 36-40
Difficulty is the same as 31F - 35F .
Floor Hazards Overall Strategy Rewards 36F
Underworld Furnace Elemental Effectiveness , No Hearts , Magma , Damage Walls , Revivers , Homing Absorber , Healing Walls , Laser Barriers , Movement , Warps , Blocks - Bring Water Null Damage Wall monsters
- Take down the Fairies for the Potion
- Proc the Galaxion 's Counter for Healing Walls x1 Element of Babel 37F
Wandering Woods Elemental Effectiveness , Damage Walls , Warps , Poison , DEF Up , DEF Down , Laser Barriers , Homing Absorbers , Counter , Healing Walls , Revivers - Bring Fire Null Damage Walls and Null Warp monsters
- Know the Counter Mode effects of mobs x2 Element of Babel 38F
Regalia 's Return Elemental Effectiveness , Gravity Barriers , Magic Circles , Skulls , Movement - Bring Wood Null Gravity Barrier monsters
- Do not take damage from the Skull effect ( lasers ) from the mobs x3 Element of Babel 39F
Wordly Destruction Mines , Damage Walls , Gravity Barriers , Homing Absorbers , Laser Barriers , Healing Walls , Blocks - Bring Flight / Mine Sweeper monsters
- Get the Shield by defeating the Demon to mitigate damage
- Do not bring Demihume monsters x4 Element of Babel 40F
Apocalypse Gravity Barriers , Damage Walls , Magic Circles . Laser Barriers . Revivers , Bump Combo Locks , Skulls , Counter Mode - Bring Null Gravity Barrier and Null Damage Wall monsters
- Bring monsters with high damaging Bump Combos x40 Orbs
Sealed Jades & Sealed Jades 2
Requirements
No Requirements !
Choose Your Board
The first time you start Sealed Jades , you get to choose between 2 different Sealed Jades . Each Board has different Quests as well as different Rewards .
Notes
You will not be able to switch between Boards as well as not be able to do both Boards
Players can still Co-Op with each other if they have different Boards . If that is the case , monsters will not be sealed for the player that does not have that Jade on their Board .
Quests
Tap each Jade to get access to the quest to unlock that specific Jade . When you Co-Op , the person who Host not only gets the clear but the players who are Guests as well !
Notes
Position of Jades are randomized . However the Colossal ones are fixed in the four corners and in the middle
You can challenge the Colossal Jade even though you do n't have 5 Max Lucks
Each Jade Quest costs 60 Stamina
The Boss of each Quest will not drop
You can not Solo or Host in Co-Op once you have cleared it
Quest List
Monsters you have used in the Jade Quest will not be available for other Jade Quests . There will be a sort function of which monsters you have used and which ones you have not to easily make teams .
Notes
Monsters are Sealed only if you clear the Quest
You will also not be able to reuse the monster for your own Friend Monster
You will still not be able to use the monster if you change Forms
When Joining in Co-Op If You Cleared Already
When you cleared a specific Jade Quest and you join it in Co-Op , you have to use the same monsters you did when you cleared it . The first 2 monsters has to be 2 that you have used to cleared it ( monster order can change ) and the last monster has to be a monster that has not been Sealed . That last monster will not be Sealed when you clear the dungeon .
Example 1 : When you were a Host in 3 Person Co-Op and you Join in 2 Person Co-Op :
Monster 1 = 1 out of the 2 monsters you used to clear the quest previously
Monster 2 = 1 out of the 2 monsters you used to clear the quest previously
Monster 3 = Monster wo n't be used but has to be a monster that is not Sealed
Example 2 : When you were a Host/Guest in 4 Person Co-Op and you Join in 2 Person Co-Op :
Monster 1 = The monster you used to clear the quest previously
Monster 2 = Monster that has not been Sealed ( when you cleared the Quest , the monster will not be Sealed )
Monster 3 = Monster wo n't be used but has to be a monster that is not Sealed
Rewards
When you get enough Jades for a row , column or diagonal , you will get rewards ! Once you get all 25 Jades , you will have 12 Lines and be rewarded with a Scroll of Honor .
Sealed Jades # 1 1 Row 5 Dragon Gems ( 1 per Element ) 7 Rows 1 Orb 2 Rows 1 Divine Sharl 8 Rows 1 Orb 3 Rows 1 Orb 9 Rows 1 Orb 4 Rows 1 Orb 10 Rows 1 Orb 5 Rows 1 Orb 11 Rows 1 Orb 6 Rows 1 Orb 12 Rows 1 Badge of Honor Sealed Jades # 2 1 Row 1 Divine Dragon Gem 7 Rows 3 Orbs 2 Rows 2 Berry Cans 8 Rows 3 Orbs 3 Rows 2 Orbs 9 Rows 4 Orbs 4 Rows 2 Orbs 10 Rows 4 Orbs 5 Rows 2 Orbs 11 Rows 1 Berry Wand 6 Rows 1 Badge of Honor 12 Rows 1 Badge of Honor
Notes
Back in July , we heard that Switch has an internal built-in emulator . Additional information surfaced about the situation today .
What was originally known a couple of months ago is that the emulator came with the name “ flog ” . That 's no ordinary name . “ Flog ” is actually “ Golf ” … just backwards . All Switch systems have Golf from the NES hidden away , and believe it or not , it comes with two-player Joy-Con support .
The discovery itself is extremely interesting . But aside from that , what 's up with the pictures of the Joy-Con controllers ? Some are also speculating that there 's a hidden way to launch Golf from the Switch menu , but no one has a solution at present .
Source 1 , Source 2
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Realtors and lawyers desperate to get in under the deadline filed a record-setting 15,000 property transfer applications on Thursday and Friday , the last business days before B.C . 's punishing new 15-per-cent tax on foreign property buyers went into effect .
More than 9,200 transactions were filed on Friday , breaking the June 30 record of more than 8,400 in a single day , according to the B.C . Land Title and Survey Authority . It also reported over 5,800 transactions on Thursday , representing nearly as many deals registered at month 's end in April .
The demand was so heavy that it crashed the land titles office 's electronic filing service on both days , the authority said .
Now , as a new dawn breaks in Metro Vancouver 's real estate market , realty companies and real estate boards are reporting the first anecdotes of deals falling through as foreign buyers forfeited deposits on binding deals rather than pay the new tax . And they report evidence of local buyers withdrawing offers in expectation that the market will soften .
Related
Elton Ash , executive vice-president of Re/Max Western Region , said it is too early to accurately quantify how many deals fell apart , but he 's heard from realtors in some of the company 's 30 Metro Vancouver offices of cases where foreign buyers who could n't rearrange previously negotiated closing dates have already walked away .
“ Our expectation is that there will be a percentage of transactions collapse due to the buyer basically defaulting on the contract , ” Ash said .
He and other realty experts say it may take up to two or three months to gauge the full effect of the new tax .
Jonathan Cooper , vice-president of operations at MacDonald Realty , expects many cases to go to court because deposits are held in trust by realtors and usually ca n't be released without a court order .
“ I think the next chapters in this story are going to be written by lawyers , ” Cooper said . “ There are going to be cases for sellers trying to get the deposit out of trust and maybe suing the buyer for specific performance trying to get them to complete , and/or for damages if they are not able to find a buyer at a similar price point . ”
Rob Philipp , CEO of the Fraser Valley Real Estate Board , said collapsed deals are “ 100 per cent happening . ”
And Dan Morrison , chairman of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver , said he 's heard of instances of Canadian buyers and sellers who backed out because of the uncertainty in the market .
Philipp said one of his offices reported four cancelled deals as a result of the tax , while another reported five failed transactions on Friday alone , with one directly tied to the tax .
“ There 's a domino effect here . One deal collapses , there are so many other deals impacted by that , ” Philipp said .
Not all of the cancelled transactions are directly due to a foreign buyer pulling out , but when they do , it could leave sellers in the lurch and force them to pull out of their own property purchases , creating a contagion effect , he said .
The tax might not faze foreign buyers looking for a luxury home in Vancouver 's west side , “ but in my area , young professionals will absolutely be impacted . ”
The Fraser Valley Real Estate Board covers some Metro Vancouver municipalities affected by the tax , including Surrey , White Rock , Langley and North Delta . It estimates foreign buyers — described by Philipp as mostly middle- to upper-income professionals on work visas who live and work in Metro Vancouver — make up three to five per cent of its region 's average 20,000 sales a year .
“ I 'm hearing a lot of evidence . Realtors are saying it 's happening to them , ” said Morrison . “ I 've had deals die in the last couple days , ” although not all of them are directly related to the foreign home buyers ' tax .
Morrison said many of the people affected by the tax are n't rich , but are here on work permits or working toward getting landed immigrant status .
“ These are people who scraped together every cent to get into the market and are now faced with a 15-per-cent tax , ” he said . On an Yaletown condo , “ that could add up to $ 150,000 they do n't have , so they will have to walk away from the transaction and lose their deposit or beg , borrow and steal the money from someone else . ”
Sutton West Coast realtor Karen Kerr said she has clients who are back to square one after they inked a deal to sell their White Rock house , which was on the market for three weeks .
The retired couple accepted an offer from a foreign buyer on Sunday . The next day , Premier Christy Clark announced the new tax , which would have added an extra $ 180,000 to the cost . The buyers could no longer afford it and backed out .
Luckily , the sellers had held off putting a deposit on a property they were eyeing on Vancouver Island because the buyers had put in subjects on the purchase . The couple now has to list their house again , this time in a distinctly different market , she said . “ Right now , everyone is cautiously putting on the brakes to see how things are going to play out . ”
In New Westminster , Re/Max realtor Dave Vallee said he had two cases late last week of local buyers backing out of writing offers because they believe the market will drop by 15 per cent in the coming months .
“ I 'm getting people coming to our open houses saying , ‘ this means the prices are going to come way down , ' ” he said .
The Greater Vancouver board tracks cancelled sales , but not the reasons behind them , said Morrison . He believes the repercussions of the tax will be felt in the next couple of years , particularly for sales of pre-sale condos and new construction .
In the last four months , there have already been indications the market is slowing down , both Cooper and Morrison said . If prices do drop , will that just be the market taking care of itself or will it be because of the government tax ?
“ We 'll never know , though I suspect the government will take credit for it , ” Morrison said .
Both real estate boards , and Ash and Cooper , are urging the government to grandfather already-signed deals .
“ At the very least they should have grandfathered the existing deals . Politically , we all knew that the government had to do something , ” Ash said . “ We 've got an election coming up next year and it would have been very difficult for the current government not to have done anything and hope to get re-elected . It is just that it was ill thought out . ”
Cooper said the tax , rather than stabilizing the market , appears to be harming it .
“ When the government intervenes in the market this way and imposes costs that are retroactive … that almost by definition introduces an element of instability in the market . ”
jefflee @ postmedia.com
chchan @ postmedia.com
rshaw @ postmedia.com
Former Vice President Al Gore made a prediction for the earth 's point of no return 10 years ago and talk radio host Rush Limbaugh held him to it since that day in 2006 .
The countdown clock on Limbaugh 's site has been running for nearly 10 years since Gore 's apocalyptic prediction about the earth as a result of greenhouse emissions . Less than a month remains in the countdown .
Gore predicted , when his film “ An Inconvenient Truth ” was first released at the Sundance Film Festival , that the earth would be in “ a true planetary emergency ” within the next ten years unless drastic action was taken to reduce greenhouse gases .
CBS News reported at the time that Gore 's film predicted the worst-case scenarios would be a new ice age in Europe , massive floods in China , India , and other areas . Gore described himself as a “ recovering politician ” to the Sundance audience at the time and that he “ benefits from low expectations . ”
“ What really attracted us to this presentation is the tone Al strikes , ” said “ An Inconvenient Truth ” director Davis Guggenheim to CBS . “ It 's not righteous . It does n't have a political agenda . It lands right in the middle , and Al just lays out what is this inconvenient truth . And I think that 's why the audience is willing to receive it . ”
Limbaugh laughed at Gore 's 10 year prediction in 2006 saying on his radio show , “ Now , the last time I heard some liberal talk about ‘ ten years ' it was 1988 , Ted Danson . We had ten years to save the oceans ; we were all going to pay the consequences , which would result in our death . Now Al Gore says we 've got ten years . Ten years left to save the planet from a scorching . ”
He added , “ Okay , we 're going to start counting . This is January 27th , 2006 . We will begin the count , ladies and gentlemen . This is just… You have to love these people — from afar , and from a purely observational point of view . ”
Climate models scientists referred to for the past six decades were incorrect , a working paper released in December by CATO scientists Patrick Michaels and Chip Knappenberger said . Both Michaels and Knappenberger discovered the models over-projected the warming rates than what actually happened .
“ During all periods from 10 years ( 2006-2015 ) to 65 ( 1951-2015 ) years in length , the observed temperature trend lies in the lower half of the collection of climate model simulations , ” Michaels and Knappenberger said , “ and for several periods it lies very close ( or even below ) the 2.5th percentile of all the model runs . ”
Follow Kerry on Twitter
Before we get into the details , such as they are , we should recognize that if one takes as the goal of healthcare policy to provide universal coverage in which everyone is `` beautifully covered , '' as Trump promised , then a few limitations immediately appear . Health coverage is the product of three factors : How many people are covered ; the benefits provided ; and the cost of those benefits . Since the 1940s , U.S. politicians and policymakers have tried to find a balance among these factors . Every effort has been confounded by the immutable facts that treating the sick costs money and treating more people costs more money . One can save money by treating fewer people , or giving the same number of people less treatment . So any politician who says he can do more for less money is almost certainly blowing smoke .
The ISE 's popular online seminar Ecology , Democracy , Utopia will start again on October 30th , meeting Mondays at 1 pm EST until December 18th .
Through a combination of video lectures , readings , interactive forums , and weekly online discussion sessions with ISE faculty , the course explores a broad range of interconnected themes including nature philosophy , hierarchy and domination , capitalism and the state , technology and agriculture , direct democracy , movement history and strategy , and reconstructive vision . Participants learn the foundations of social ecology and apply these insights to a variety of contemporary political and ecological problems , sharpening their understanding of the world while developing visionary ideas to change it .
The course costs $ 100 and is open to everyone , but space is limited . To enroll , write us at social-ecology @ mail.mayfirst.org . Through our partnership with Goddard College , students who enroll in their low-residency BA program are able to earn college credit for the course ; some students from other institutions have been able to take the course for credit via their home university as an independent study .
We look forward to learning and changing the world together !
About
Hey , my name is Sam Ruffell and I 'm a cartoonist . I 've been a cartoonist since forever and now I want to take my cartooning to the next level with my first Graphic Novel `` Trent ''
Lately I have had some serious interest arise for Trent . A low quality print was circling around some comic conventions but were n't for sale . People were at the point of trying to steal the book as they could n't buy it . My plan is to print out the comics at a high quality and sell them at comic stores and comic expos , where they were popular even as a low quality print .
What I need , from you lovely people , is some help getting the book printed . I have finished all of the pages and coloured them but printing them out , at the quality I want , is RATHER expensive .
With your help we can make the jpegs in my computer into a full book , ready to be sold . Here are the first 3 pages of the Graphic Novel as a little taste test .
Ooohhh , what happens next ? ! Exciting right ?
But enough about that and more about the ...
If anyone outside of New Zealand is wanting a book then that 's great ! The only problem is the shipping costs . It 's going to be roughly $ 25NZD extra to ship the book outside NZ .
I am extremely passionate about this book and about getting Trent seen by a wider audience . I ca n't wait to start my next book ... literally I ca n't wait ... I 've actually started the next book that 's how much I ca n't wait . So if this is successful it will be the first of many Trent books . I have so many stories in my head and ca n't wait to get them on paper . This is the first step to something I 've been working on for 6 years becoming something incredible and I could n't do it without you . Thank you so much .
Sam Ruffell
When it comes to tall apartment and condo buildings , the idea of adding more space is almost always out of the question – but what if you could push a balcony outward on demand , rather than adding an entire deck or patio ? Here are three designs to expand outdoor space in creative ways .
The Bloomframe is a Dutch architect-designed system that turns a simple set of windows into a spacious exterior extension that can be electronically deployed and retracted – like a convertible top , you can experience the outdoors during nice weather , take out the grill , then close the unit as desired .
An alternative from Fakro works with existing frame sizes on angled roofs , and provides you both a way to lean out ( a form of Juliet balcony , with window frame doubling as front rail ) as well as overhead shelter from the rain . This system is also simpler and entirely mechanical , so deploying it is as easy as opening a normal glass window .
And for those who already have a deck , but not enough room to put any furniture on it , this space-saving furniture solution ( Spaceless ) by Sandy Lam is a great source of inspiration : her designs for a table and seat set that fold up for use and hide , camouflaged amid wood decking , when tucked back away .
From the designer : “ the average price of residential buildings in downtown Vancouver BC has reached $ 800 per square foot . Many people have to give up their garden living and move into concrete buildings because of this increase in housing prices . Even though living space is expensive , there is one space rarely used in condo buildings—the balcony . The goal of having “ Spaceless ” is to use the condo balcony to maximize living space and to improve the building environment by enhancing the functionality of the balcony space . ”
He is now suing the company claiming that they colluded to break the law by replacing employees with cheaper immigrant labor
He broke down as he described the moment he had to tell his children they could not buy Halloween pumpkins because he was losing his job
Perrero , who lives in Longwood , Florida , was also told that he would have to train his replacement to receive his
A former Walt Disney World employee was brought to tears while testifying in front of the Senate Thursday about losing his job .
Leo Perrero of Longwood , Florida , was laid off along with 250 other workers just before the 2014 holiday season , at which point the IT employee was told that a foreign worker would be getting his job .
He was then told that if he wanted to receive his severance pay , he would have to train his replacement during his final 90 days .
He is now suing the company claiming that they colluded to break the law by replacing employees with cheaper immigrant labor .
Scroll down for video
Difficult : An emotional Leo Perrero testified in front of the Senate on Thursday ( above ) about being laid off from his job at Disney
'During the holiday season of 2014 , I was sent a meeting invitation by a prominent Disney executive , ' said Perrero .
'With an excellent review in hand along with company announcements of record profits my mind buzzed with thoughts of a promotion or a bonus .
' I walked into a small conference room with about two dozen highly respected fellow IT workers . The Disney executive made a harsh announcement to us all .
'Your jobs have been given over to a foreign workforce . In the meantime you will be training your replacements until your jobs are 100 percent transferred over to them and if you do n't cooperate you will not receive any severance pay . '
He then got emotional revealing that shortly after he and his family went to the 'local church pumpkin sale ' and that is when he had to explain to his children why they could not purchase anything and the fact that he lost his job .
Awful : He broke down as he described the moment he had to tell his children ( above with son in 2013 ) they could not buy Halloween pumpkins because he was losing his job
He then had to return to work , and train the individual who was putting him out of a job .
'The final period of the 90 days was the most disgraceful and demoralizing , as we had to watch the foreign workers completely take over our jobs .
'And we came to grips that the upcoming Disney jobs promise did n't exist .
'Then finally on January 31st of 2015 we were forced to turn in our company badges , laptops and then ushered out the door . '
Disney said in a statement last month that Perrero 's lawsuit is based on an unsustainable legal theory and is a misrepresentation of the facts .
A spokesman added : 'This lawsuit is completely and utterly baseless .
'The fact is that , since our reorganization , Disney Parks has hired more than 140 US IT workers , and is currently recruiting candidates to fill over 100 more IT positions .
Been a while since we felt sorry for a groping TSA agent , as opposed to ourselves at the mercy of a groping TSA agent . But Ashley Yang got the worst end of this deal : In her lawsuit against the Transportation Security Administration , Yang , a very delicate , femmie transgender woman who happened to have been born a man , claims her LAX managers made her wear a manly wig ( she chose a short afro ; sweet ) and use the men 's restroom -- then fired her when she did n't .
Worst of all ...
Continue Reading
... Yang found herself subjected to sexual harassment by the men she was forced to grope , under the TSA 's narrow-minded `` same-sex pat down '' guidelines . ( Pollyanna : `` At least they did n't twist your boob ! '' )
She tells the AP that various skeezebags passing through the L.A. terminal said things like , `` I have n't had a girl touch me for a long time , '' or , `` Does this mean you are going to buy me dinner ? ''
Really guys ?
After terminating Yang for using the women 's bathroom , TSA managers at LAX have been sent off to sensitivity training ( because we know how well that works ) , and the plaintiff has been awarded a `` five-figure award for pain and suffering . '' But the real debate at the core of her story : When does one stop being a man and start being a woman , and does that require surgery ?
In the case of airline passengers , U.S. Passport gender need only be determined by `` a doctor 's letter stating they have undergone a gender transition , which may have included psychological counseling and hormones , '' according to the AP . But birth certificates and social-security records ca n't be modified until proof of surgery is provided . And despite Yang 's ordeal , no clear-cut guidelines have been set for TSA staff .
What do you think : Should Yang have been allowed to frisk the fairer sex , despite her estranged man-parts ?
[ @ simone_electra/swilson @ laweekly.com ]
Are You Being ‘ Too Sensitive ' ?
I 'm always wary of people who say and do stuff and then when called on it , they pull the ‘ sensitivity card ' especially as I guarantee you that if you were to find their own ‘ hot button ' or challenge them on what they 've said or done , you 'll see how ‘ sensitive ' they are . Ironically . Of course they 'll claim that their reason for being upset / offended is more ‘ just ' than yours .
So many readers tell me stories of open and shut cases of assholery or where something has been said or done and they 've expressed discomfort / concern or just questioned it and been met with accusations of being “ too sensitive ” or “ it was just a joke ” or “ Jeez ! If you 're going to be like that , we might as well call it quits / not be friends anymore ” .
If you do n't have the presence of mind and self-esteem to recognise what 's going on , you may default to second-guess your feelings and switching to people-pleasing mode and then of course you become desensitised to what may be increasingly inappropriate behaviour or you do n't , but each time you feel upset or whatever , you shut it down with concerns of being “ too sensitive ” .
Here 's the thing : When you 're truly being “ sensitive ” it means means easily distressed , hurt , and offended by slight changes or basically by something slight . Really , is anything that you 've been wondering if you 're being ‘ too sensitive ' about really that slight ?
If you feel hurt , distressed and offended quite quickly all of the time in a variety of situations around a variety of people then you 're either surrounded by a hell of a lot of shady people or yes , there are potentially sensitivity issues which may be stemming from feeling that you 're always under attack and thinking that everything is about you or just having a ‘ negative association ' with something . It 's like when you 're very sensitive to criticism and see all feedback as criticism and take it badly , when actually there may be some honest , helpful feedback in there . I know based on certain difficult experiences from childhood or in relationships , I 've been very ‘ sensitive ' to certain things but actually , it was more often than not me recognising that I was in some way repeating an unhealthy pattern of behaviour . Really being called “ too sensitive ” can be another example of someone running roughshod over your feelings and prioritising themselves . This is unacceptable .
Equally , if you 're around someone who keeps doing things that cross or even flat out bust your boundaries , you feeling hurt , offended or distressed is not being “ too sensitive ” . There 's nothing ‘ slight ' about someone overstepping the mark or even tap dancing all over it . They might think it 's slight but that does n't mean that it is . Going back to the criticism issue , yes you may be sensitive to criticism from someone but then if they actually criticise you all of the time , you 're bound to be . The type of person who will ride your arse like Zorro all the time may be thinking “ Well stop doing things that I need to pick you up on ! ” That 's abuser talk .
Let 's imagine that tomorrow someone oversteps the mark with you . When you consider what they 've said or done within a wider context of their general treatment of you and let 's say that their general treatment of you is even worse , then yes , contextually , what they do tomorrow may look ‘ slight ' in that circumstance . However it 's a bit like ( and I 've heard this complaint time and again ) when someone who 's abusive or who you just have a history of them crossing the line cracks a ‘ joke ' with you . Yes it might be that you are being ‘ sensitive ' to their joke but then you have to consider that your reaction to the joke in this circumstance is influenced by the fact that they 've also done A , B , and C , and actually , they might think that the joke is funny but you might not because it 's a veiled , passive aggressive chopping dig at you .
Your boundaries are your boundaries . It 's not up to anyone else to tell you about your own comfort levels or ‘ correct ' them to fit around their own agenda .
Your feelings are your feelings . Some people are n't bothered by certain things but that does n't invalidate your position . And yes , some people are n't bothered by certain things because they have empathy issues so as long as they ‘ feel ' ( they 're not tapping into many emotions ) OK with something and like their perspective , they wo n't understand what you 're ‘ in a flap ' about .
When somebody keeps telling you that you 're ‘ too sensitive ' , they 're basically saying “ I 'm not going to consider your feelings and respect your position because I think that what I 'm saying / doing is fine , so get a thicker skin. ” What they forget of course is that if they 've said / done something repeatedly and they 're a remotely empathetic person in a mutual relationship with you , romantic or otherwise , they would consider your feelings and at least try to understand your position .
You could learn to cope with it better , but really , learning how to deal with something better is what you do when you 're for instance , sensitive to criticism and conflict , but it 's not what you do when what you 're actually trying to learn how to manage and tolerate is unacceptable behaviour . Also I 've discovered that when there is a genuine misunderstanding , the person will clarify what they really meant not call you “ too sensitive ” or reply back with justification of shady behaviour .
Do n't let anybody override your feelings . Acknowledge why you 're bothered by something because it 's all information that helps you to become more self-aware . If you 're going to ‘ downgrade ' how you feel about it , do it based on reviewing the facts and drawing your own conclusion not on someone mocking you into submission . You 're not being “ too sensitive ” . Be around people who you can be you around , feelings and all .
Your thoughts ?
Updated 1st November : An audio version of this post is now available .
1 .
COMO PODEMOS DEFINIR O SUICÍDIO ?
Suicídio é um gesto de autodestruição , realização do desejo de morrer ou de dar ﬁm à própria vida . É uma escolha ou ação que tem graves implicações sociais . Pessoas de
todas as idades e classes sociais
cometem suicídio . A cada 40 segundos uma pessoa se mata no mundo , totalizando quase um milhão de pessoas todos os anos . Estima-se que de 10 a 20 milhões de pessoas tentam o suicídio a cada ano . De cada suicídio , de seis a dez outras pessoas são diretamente impactadas , sofrendo sérias consequências difíceis de serem reparadas .
2 .
O QUE LEVA UMA PESSOA A SE MATAR ?
Vários motivos podem levar alguém ao suicídio . Normalmente , a pessoa tem necessidade de
aliviar pressões externas
como cobranças sociais , culpa , remorso , depressão , ansiedade , medo , fracasso , humilhação etc .
3 .
COMO SE SENTE QUEM QUER SE MATAR ?
No momento em que tem ideias suicidas , a pessoa combina dois ou mais sentimentos ou ideias conﬂituosos . É um estado interior chamado de ambivalência . Ela busca atenção por
se sentir esquecida ou ignorada
e tem a sensação de estar só – uma solidão sentida como um isolamento insuportável . Muita gente tem um desejo de revide ou imposição do mesmo sentimento negativo aos outros , querendo que sintam o mesmo que ela . Outras pessoas sentem vontade de desaparecer , fugir ou de ir para um lugar ou situação melhor . Quase sempre , sentem uma necessidade de alcançar paz , descanso ou um ﬁnal imediato aos tormentos que não terminam .
4 .
O SENTIMENTO E O IMPULSO SUICIDAS SÃO NORMAIS ?
Pensar em suicídio é uma coisa que
faz parte da natureza humana
, e é estimulada pela possibilidade de escolha . O impulso também é uma reação natural , porém é mais comum nas pessoas que estão exaustas por dentro e emocionalmente fragilizadas diante de situações que despertam possibilidade de suicídio .
5 .
QUEM SE MATA MAIS : MENINOS OU MENINAS ?
Os meninos normalmente se matam mais , embora
elas tentem mais vezes
do que os meninos . Essa tendência também acompanha os adultos , por causas culturais relacionadas a costumes e preconceitos sociais .
1
SUICÍDIO
A CADA 40 SEGUNDOS
PENSAR EM SUICÍDIO
G8 Action Network statement
July 9 , 2008 -- The G8 's communique regarding their action on climate is actually inaction being masked as movement . It is a great fraud being perpetrated on the global community that would significantly reduce its capacity to contain climate change . We fully agree with the statement of the Government of South Africa that `` [ W ] hile the Statement may appear as a movement forward , we are concerned that it may , in effect , be a regression from what is required to make a meaningful contribution to meeting the challenges of climate change . '' [ Click pic for BBC footage of G8 protests . ]
Retreat from Bali
The announcement of the agreement among the G8 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions globally by 50 per cent by 2050 is actually a step back from the minimum action that was demanded by the global community during the United Nations Summit on Climate Change in Bali last December . In Bali , opposition from the US , Japan and Canada almost killed a developing consensus that should commit industrialised ( Annex 1 ) countries to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 25-40 per cent from 1990 levels by 2020 . That developing consensus also projected the minimum cut needed by 2050 to be in the range of 80 to 90 per cent if the rise in global temperature was to be kept below 2 degrees centigrade in the 21st century .
The G8 's 50 per cent formula is objectionable on several counts :
First , the G8 formula is a global cut , not one undertaken by the industrialised or Annex One country , so big polluters like the US can actually free-ride on the rest of the world .
Second , the cut has no clear baseline . It was revealing that in announcing it , Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda initially said it was from 1990 levels , then had to take back that statement and subsequently mentioned a 2000 baseline .
Third , this declaration of intent is not binding and there is no indication that the G8 want to bring their `` commitment '' fully under the United Nations climate negotiations framework that would bind its signatories . Indeed , the G8 announcement reinforces the G8 as a site for climate action that rivals the UN process and effectively subverts it . Not surprisingly , the G8 declaration emerged as part of a parallel process known as the `` Major Economies Meeting . '' The Major Economies Meeting is a US initiative to wrest decision-making on climate from the United Nations framework and process .
All in all , the G8 announcement is one giant step away from meaningful mandatory reductions and significantly increases the chances of the planet slipping into uncontrolled climate change .
Supporting the wrong agency
Another setback to the cause of effective climate action was the G8 's endorsement of the World Bank 's Climate Investment Funds , to which the communique said certain countries had already pledged $ 6 billion . Civil society groups monitoring the Bank 's environment program had already warned the G8 that there are very serious concerns that the funds would be heavily oriented toward funding large-scale coal plants . Without a clear definition of clean technology , the funds may be used to finance projects that do not clearly mitigate climate change or may take up resources that bring only minor or incremental change at a time that fundamental change is needed .
Just as the G8 undermines the UN as the site for climate action , so does the World Bank subverts an already established UN mechanism . An Adaptation Fund under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) was established in Bali by the Conference of Parties in December 2007 precisely to provide technological assistance to developing countries . Instead of funding this mechanism , the G8 countries may now divert their contributions to the World Bank Climate Investment Funds to maintain control of the process of technology transfer . Not surprisingly , the developing countries have criticized the World Bank mechanism as a threat to serious efforts to assist the global South to deal with climate change .
After failing as a development bank , the World Bank is now trying to create the image that it is the `` climate bank '' . This is indeed the height of hypocrisy . With $ 2 billion already spent on coal , oil and gas projects over the last year , the World Bank has broken its own record as the world 's largest multilateral financier of greenhouse-emitting energy initiatives . Even as it pretends to deal with climate change with its Climate Investment Funds , the Bank is actually exacerbating it with its massive fossil fuel extraction lending .
We must call a spade a spade . The G8 declaration does not constitute an advance but a step backward in the global community 's ability to deal with climate change . Saying that it is better than nothing or that it is realistic given the Bush administration 's opposition to significant action is to lend legitimacy to a dangerous charade .
The G8 has once again lived up to its reputation of being an obstacle to the global community 's efforts to come to grips with the challenges of our times . We repeat our call to disband this unelected body of rich country governments that acts as if it were the government of the world .
Partial list of endorsers : Attac Japan , CADTM , ESK-Basque Country , Focus on the Global South , Freedom from Debt Coalition , Friends of the Earth International , FSU-France , Institute for Policy Studies-US , Sustainable Energy and Economy Network , Via Campesina .
[ Reposted from http : //www.asia-pacific-action.org/node/92 . ]
The lure of a $ 25 basic TV package has not helped stem the tide of Canadians cancelling their cable subscriptions . And critics believe the added pick-and-pay channel options coming next month may not help much either .
Canadians continued to cut the cord in record numbers following the launch of the CRTC-mandated basic TV plans on March 1 .
This is according to Mario Mota , with Boon Dog Professional Services , an Ottawa-based research and consulting firm . Mota crunched subscriber numbers for Canada 's seven major publicly traded TV providers , including Bell , Rogers , Telus and Shaw .
He found they lost a combined total of 98,476 TV customers in their first two fiscal quarters during the period of March through September .
That 's a loss of 13 per cent more customers than the same period in 2015 .
`` I 'm quite happy with Netflix , '' said Krystyna Szafran , from Bath , Ont . She downgraded to Shaw 's basic package in March and soon after cut the cord . She decided she was n't happy with any TV plan on offer .
`` I just do n't want to pay the cable bill anymore . ''
Cord-cutting numbers remain relatively modest considering more than 11 million Canadians still subscribe to traditional TV . But Mota says the gap is shrinking .
He predicts Canada is on pace to lose almost 200,000 TV subscribers this year — an all-time high .
`` They really have to find a magic formula to keep [ cable ] customers happy , '' he said .
According to the CRTC , 1.57 per cent of Canada 's TV subscribers had signed up for basic TV by June . But that 's much less than the five per cent expected . ( Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg )
The $ 25 basic packages were supposed to be part of that magic formula — a way to provide discontented TV subscribers with more choice at an affordable price .
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) had mandated that by March 1 , cable companies must offer a `` skinny '' basic TV package for $ 25 or less .
According to the CRTC , 1.57 per cent of Canada 's TV subscribers had signed up for basic TV by June , well below the anticipated uptake of at least five per cent .
Many customers found that when they added fees for things like equipment rentals or extra channels , the package just was n't worth it .
`` There was a whole bunch of things that made that option very , very unattractive to a lot of consumers , '' said Mota .
A second chance for basic TV ?
Some potential customers may be holding out for phase two .
The CRTC has also mandated that by Dec. 1 , TV providers must allow customers to top up their basic package with any specialty channel they want , either individually or grouped in theme packs — for a price .
But Mota believes part two wo n't help quell the rise in cord-cutting either , unless TV providers start offering customers better basic deals .
`` If they ca n't save money by choosing those options , then they 're going to stick with what they have today or look at alternatives and cancel it all together , '' he said .
Many TV providers , including Bell , Shaw and Telus , are already offering a large selection of pick-and-pay channels .
For example , Bell customers can top up their basic plan with extra channels largely priced at $ 4 or $ 7 each . That can add up pretty fast .
Rogers currently only provides extra channels grouped in theme packs . Along with all other providers , it will offer the full complement of standalone specialty channels come December .
Rogers said that `` in the coming months , '' customers also will be able to get its basic plan in a bundle discount .
The move follows criticisms that many providers made basic TV less attractive by not including it with any routine customer discounts .
Not good enough ?
It probably wo n't be enough to sway current Rogers customer Andrew Hiscock . Earlier this year , he told CBC News he was hoping to switch to the basic package to cut down his TV bill .
But Hiscock backed out after discovering that if he topped up the deal with a few theme packs to get all the channels he wanted , his bill would soar by $ 40 a month .
Hiscock says even when pick-and-pay channels arrive , he likely wo n't sign up for basic TV . ( CBC )
Hiscock , from Mount Pearl , N.L. , thought his luck might change when Rogers starts offering standalone channels . But now he 's convinced he probably ca n't do better than his current TV plan for $ 80 a month .
`` I 'm not holding out hope . It would be something I would look into , but I 'm not expecting miracles . ''
Neither is Szafran . She got rid of her Shaw basic plan soon after learning she could n't get a customer discount . `` To me , the basic package was n't worth it . '' The CRTC wants Canadians to know that they 'have choices ' and should 'demand better ' when shopping for a TV provider . ( CRTC ) Szafran . She got rid of her Shaw basic plan soon after learning she could n't get a customer discount .
She has n't technically cancelled her TV subscription but instead put it on hold .
However , Szafran says to reactivate her service , Shaw would have to offer her a better deal .
And if that does n't happen ?
`` They 've lost me , '' she said . `` I do n't need it . ''
The CRTC told CBC News it encourages customers to shop around if they 're dissatisfied with their current TV provider .
The commission recently posted comparison-shopping tips for Canadians , along with the slogan `` You have choices . Demand better . ''
Image copyright Wales Online Image caption Armon Daniels is a GP at Rumney Primary Care Centre , in Cardiff
A Cardiff doctor who admitted possessing thousands of indecent images of children has been given a suspended prison sentence .
Armon Daniels , who was a GP at Rumney Primary Care Centre , had his computer seized when police searched his home .
More than 16,000 images of children and 850 video files were found on the computer and two USB sticks .
The 55-year-old was sentenced at Newport Crown Court to eight months in prison , suspended for two years .
A Sexual Harm Prevention Order and a notification requirement were also imposed , both for seven years .
Daniels had pleaded guilty at Newport Magistrates ' Court to four offences of possessing indecent images , and had his case committed to the crown court for sentencing .
'Deeply disturbing '
The General Medical Council imposed an interim suspension order on him in July .
Catrin Evans , from the Crown Prosecution Service , said : `` A significant number of images and videos of a sexual nature had been downloaded to the devices recovered .
`` The public rightly expect the highest standards of conduct from medical professionals and by committing these criminal offences , through viewing indecent images of children , Armon Daniels has not upheld those standards . ''
A spokesman for NSPCC Wales said the children in the images were victims of horrific abuse and `` the significant catalogue found on Daniels ' computer is deeply disturbing '' .
He said : `` By downloading this material he has betrayed a position of trust within the community and helped to fuel a vile online market .
`` Authorities and internet providers must work together to tackle this industry and halt the trade of these sickening images .
`` It is now important that Daniels receives appropriate treatment to lessen the risk of further offending . ''
Image : Silk666/Wikimedia
These are the sharp teeth of the feared piranha , a freshwater predator which , according to urban ( or technically jungle ) legend , can devour human or cattle that falls into the water in mere seconds . Go ahead take a closer look , then ask yourself , how could anything protect itself against those razor sharp teeth ?
Image : Amelia Guo/Wikimedia
Believe it or not , there is actually a species of fish that has figured it out . Meet the freshwater fish Arapaima gigas , which lives in the Amazon River in Brazil . The arapaima is a large fish - it can reach lengths more than 7 feet ( 2 m ) and weigh more than 200 lb ( 100 kg ) - so how does it survive in a river infested with the carnivorous piranhas ?
Image : Jacobs School of Engineering/UCSD
A couple of years ago , mechanical engineer Marc Meyers was sport fishing in Brazil and caught an arapaima . To catch one , fishermen waited until the fish comes up for air ( arapaimas have lungs and need to breathe fresh air - another peculiarity about the species , but that 's another story ) , then tossed a large hunk of meat as bait . If the arapaima missed the meat , the bait would only survive five minutes in the water before the piranhas get to it .
That got Meyers thinking how the arapaima , which should 've been a swimming buffet for the hungry piranhas , survived . The answer is in in its scales .
In 2011 , Meyers and collegues at University of California San Diego took an arapaima scale and simulated a piranha bite . They found that the piranha tooth shattered before it could fully penetrate tissue beneath the scale . That 's because the tough scales can resist pressures up to 1.7 million pounds per square inch ( that 's twice the maximum pressure that the steel hull of the Seawolf class nuclear submarine could handle , by the way )
YouTube Link - via Jacobs School of Engineering
But how could the arapaima scales be so tough ? Meyers found that the scale combined a heavily mineralized outer layer ( similar to the hard enamel of a tooth ) combined with an internal layer of more squishy collagen fibers stacked in a criss-cross manners , similar to strands of wood in a plywood .
Image : Jacobs School of Engineering/UCSD
According to Science :
The hard-on-soft pattern does the trick , Meyers says . If you shatter a uniformly rigid material—say , a ceramic bowl—cracks will spread from the site of impact all the way through , he explains . But because the hard outside of an arapaima scale is backed by more squishy material , `` the cracks will stop . '' It 's a common armoring strategy , he notes . Take our teeth , which are covered in enamel but have a core made from more pliant dentine .
A particularly nice feature of the arapaima scales is that they 're tough , yet lightweight and flexible . Three features that would make for a perfect armor , according to Robert O. Ritchie of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Ritchie , Meyers and colleagues placed the scales in an X-ray beam and then applied force to them and found that the collagen layers can re-orient themselves - in real time - to resist the force . In essence , it 's an adaptable body armor . Ritchie said to The Telegraph : “ The dermal scales of the Arapaima fish are a prime example of how the structural arrangement of simple biological components can create armour with the capacity to be tough yet penetration resistant . “ The ability of the A. gigas ' outer dermal layer to resist predatory attacks derives from its sophisticated structure from the nano- to macro-length-scales . “ The outer mineral layer gives the scale hardness and penetration resistance whereas the overlapping of the scales and the corrugated outer surface of the mineral layer allow the scales to bend transferring tensile stress to the inner lower-mineralised lamellae . ”
The structure of the arapaima scale may inspire engineers to create a new type of body armor . `` Lightweight body armor is something everyone wants , '' he said as reported by National Geographic 's Phenomena , `` the Kevlar armor our troops get is extremely heavy and many people do n't bother wearing them . But nature does it very well . ''
SCP-2881
SCP-2881
Item # : SCP-2881
Object Class : Safe
Special Containment Procedures : SCP-2881 is to remain at its current location . A chain link fence has been installed surrounding the area of SCP-2881 , which is to be guarded by one security officer during all park operating hours . No unauthorized individuals are to be permitted within the area designated to SCP-2881 .
Description : SCP-2881 is a member of the tree species Pinus ponderosa ( ponderosa pine ) located in ███████ National Park , ██████████ . SCP-2881 measures roughly 13.9 meters at its highest point . Several planks of an unknown wood are nailed into the trunk of SCP-2881 at 5.3 meters above ground level . Given the anomalous properties of SCP-2881 it is unknown if or how they were installed . Holes are located at several points up the trunk of SCP-2881 between 12 cm and 3 m from previous installations of climbing spurs . Typical of trees of its kind , SCP-2881 has no branches lower than 7 m above ground level .
SCP-2881 's anomalous properties manifest any time a human being attempts to climb it by the installation or use of climbing spikes , spurs , studs , or grips . Any individual to attempt to make vertical progress up the surface of SCP-2881 will report experiencing themselves doing so ; however , on reexamination of their location will retain their starting positions . This same effect is applied to any individual watching another climb SCP-2881 , either in person or on live video feed . Recorded testing played after the conclusion of a test shows subjects making no effort to climb ; however , all dialogue and actions unrelated to climbing remain consistent with live observation .
Individuals placed onto SCP-2881 at a height above 3m by external means report feeling uncomfortable and `` strangely heavy . '' No changes in weight or gravity have ever been observed while in contact with SCP-2881 . Test subjects report a greater effect at higher points on SCP-2881 . Testing has not been conducted using mechanical assistance . ( See Incident-2881-1 )
Incident-2881-1 : Foundation personnel attempted to install a pulley to a branch of SCP-2881 on the date of ██/██/89 for the purposes of testing assisted elevation . D-4375 used an elevated work platform to reach a branch and install the mechanism . Upon making contact with a branch of SCP-2881 approximately 8.2 m above ground level D-4375 appeared to enter a trance and stopped responding to personnel . D-4375 detached himself from the platform and climbed onto the branch of SCP-2881 , then proceeded to scale the branches of SCP-2881 until no longer visible to Foundation staff . All attempts made to contact D-4375 failed .
Roughly two hours later , D-4375 fell from SCP-2881 at a speed estimated to exceed terminal velocity and was dead on impact with the ground . Autopsy reports concluded that D-4375 had died several days prior by hanging from the neck . The body also had several lacerations around the face , forearms , and legs . Testing of SCP-2881 is ongoing .
1 of 14 View Captions
Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Hunstman Cancer Institute founder Jon Huntsman Sr. expresses his displeasure with the n Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Professor Jody Rosenblatt is comforted by Huntsman Cancer Institute founder Jon Huntsma Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Jon Hunstman Sr. , center right , is joined by his wife Karen as they gather at the Hunts Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Staff express their support for Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Hunstman Cancer Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Karen Huntsman , left , joins Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Hunstman Cancer Inst Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Karen Huntsman , left , joins Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Hunstman Cancer Inst Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Showing their opposition , Huntsman Cancer Institute researcher Jude Rosenthal , center , Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Expressing her opposition , Huntsman Cancer Institute researcher Jude Rosenthal , left , j Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Expressing their displeasure , supporters of Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Huns Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Expressing their displeasure , supporters of Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Huns Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Karen Huntsman , left , joins Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Hunstman Cancer Inst Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Hunstman Cancer Institute who was fired from her Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Expressing their displeasure , supporters of Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Huns Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Expressing their displeasure , supporters of Mary Beckerle , acclaimed researcher at Huns
When Incendium 's papercraft squad shooter Phantom Halls landed on Early Access earlier this year , it announced a tie-in with Sam Raimi 's '80s horror parody Evil Dead 2 . Now , the so-called `` Evil Dead 2 x Phantom Halls '' update will take that partnership further still .
Due to launch on September 18 , the complimentary update promises a host of Evil Dead 2-themed quests accessible with the game 's chainsaw/shotgun-wielding movie hero Ash Williams . Within , expect new enemy types , trap encounters , evil tree spirits and angry necronomicons .
Moreover , these new areas will expand Phantom Hall 's base mansion and will now incorporate the Evil Dead film 's iconic cabin . That looks like this :
Evil Dead 2 x Phantom Halls will also introduce mini-boss battles , and will pit players against Gooseneck Henrietta and the rather gruesome Evil Ash .
Fancy that ? Phantom Halls ' Evil Dead 2 free update is due September 18 . Here 's some neat early artwork in the meantime :
Facebook plans to start deprecating newsfeed posts from brand pages that it sees as `` too promotional , '' according to a blog post late Friday .
These types of posts aggravate users more than usual and they 'd rather not see them . Ads that brands have to pay to place in newsfeed , however , are apparently fine , according to an evaluation Facebook did with users .
Facebook has long pushed for companies , personalities , and brands to represent themselves with pages and create content to fill users ' news feeds . Eventually , enough brands created pages that quantity became a problem , so Facebook began applying an algorithm to curate users ' newsfeeds .
This move dampened visibility for many brands and caused some page-owners to speculate that Facebook was trying to nudge them toward paying for promotion . Facebook claimed to be trying to protect its users ' delicate attention spans by not crowding their newsfeeds with too many posts . That brands would have to pay money to ensure their posts would reach more users was just an auspicious side effect .
Now , Facebook is formalizing its stance : no one likes promotional posts in their newsfeeds . The blog post states :
[ T ] here are some consistent traits that make organic posts feel too promotional :
Posts that solely push people to buy a product or install an app Posts that push people to enter promotions and sweepstakes with no real context Posts that reuse the exact same content from ads
`` Beginning in January 2015 , people will see less of this type of content in their News Feeds , '' Facebook continues . `` All of this means that Pages that post promotional creative should expect their organic distribution to fall significantly over time . ''
With this most recent update , brands that created pages specifically as a free place to promote themselves on Facebook wo n't be able to use the feature anymore . According to Facebook 's study , which observed the behavior and preferences of half a million Facebook users , a promotional post is just too unpalatable .
But take heart , brands .
`` What we discovered is that a lot of the content people see as too promotional is posts from Pages they like , rather than ads , '' says the post . Facebook users are cool with ads , the company says , because there are `` controls '' for the number and quality of ads a user sees . Hence , the content that would not be okay as an overly promotional post will be fine as an paid advertisement from a brand .
`` This change will not increase the number of ads people see in their News Feeds , '' Facebook reassures the users .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
It may be a free-to-play mobile port of a browser-based game , but Kingdom Hearts Unchained χ crams a lot of what series fans love into a tiny space .
Prounounced Kingdom Hearts Unchained Chi ( Key ) , the newly-released in North America Android and iOS originated as a Japanese browser game in 2013 . Richard Eisenbeis called it “ More Than I Expected From A Browser Game , ” and it 's certainly more than I was expecting from a mobile title .
Watch my initial video impressions below .
For one , it 's no side story . The game acts as a prequel to the Kingdom Hearts series , telling the story of a battle between five factions over the remaining light in the world prior to the Keyblade War , the event that started this crazy Final Fantasy/Disney crossover in the first place .
Advertisement
It 's got a story that links to the upcoming Kingdom Hearts III . Disney characters abound . The music is lovely , as we 've come to expect from series composure Yoko Shimumura . The storybook art style is a delight to look at .
Advertisement
Fans looking for a little more depth are in for a treat as well . Players can collect and upgrade Avatar Boards to increase their stats and unlock new cosmetic items . Collectible character medals provide special attacks in battle .
The battles are simple-yet-satisfying tap to attack and explore affairs , easily completed in a short amount of time . There 's an elemental relationship aspect to enemies and the medals that cycle along the bottom left of the screen as you fight , so switching up your loadout from time-to-time might be a good idea .
Advertisement
It is a free-to-play game , and there are things to purchase .
Kingdom Hearts Unchained χ is n't obnoxious about trying to sell players on premium content though . It used up all of its obnoxious putting that fancy character in its title , making people have to cut and paste it every time they write about it .
Advertisement
While it 's a departure from anything we 've seen in the series before , Kingdom Hearts Unchained χ gathers together the things I appreciate about the series and presents them in a compelling way . As things to do while we wait for Kingdom Hearts III go , you could do a lot worse .
Donald Trump Muslim Ban Throws TV Shows into Chaos
Donald Trump 's Muslim Ban Throws TV Shows into Chaos
Exclusive Details
President Trump 's immigration order has Hollywood execs and actors freaking out ... because Muslim and Middle Eastern roles are pivotal for a bunch of TV shows .
Casting sources tell us ... the 2 networks hit the hardest by Trump 's order are NBC and Netflix . `` For God and Country '' -- produced by the `` Homeland '' folks -- have a pilot order from NBC which calls for a number of Middle Eastern actors .
We 're told Netflix has a show in the works which also features numerous Middle Eastern characters .
Marc Cherry has an untitled pilot for ABC as well that 's set to star a late 20 's Middle Eastern man ... alongside Reba McEntire .
Here 's the prob -- casting agents rely heavily on people from the 7 countries on Trump 's ban list . One big casting agent says it 's always been difficult to cast these roles , but now it 's `` super f * * * * * up . ''
The trouble with liars , as the old line goes , is that they do n't have the decency to lie all the time . Somewhere in his parade of nonsense , paranoia and self-aggrandizement , it seems evident that Anthony Bosch told some truths about Alex Rodriguez and performance enhancing drugs . It just does n't seem practical for him to have made it all up . But to get to those truths , wherever they begin and end , you have to traverse a latrine of drivel , stupidity , delusion and a soul-crushing assault on the game of baseball .
The 60 Minutes report ( Part I and Part II ) , in case you have not seen it yet , will make you dislike everyone more . Everyone . No matter how much you may dislike Alex Rodriguez , Tony Bosch , Bud Selig or Rob Manfred , it is guaranteed that by the end of this thing your opinions of them will have dropped substantially . You will like your dog less after seeing this thing .
Is it worth the trip ?
Baseball decided : Yes . Absolutely it 's worth it . Why ? Well , for an answer to that , you have to wait all the way to the end of the 60 Minutes report .
* * *
The report begins with host Scott Pelley asking Tony Bosch what banned substances Alex Rodriguez used . Bosch was the founder and program director of Biogenesis , the Miami clinic that was listed as a weight-loss and rejuvenation center but was in fact selling performance-enhancing drugs to athletes . One of these athletes , it seems , was Alex Rodriguez .
Bosch responded that Rodriguez was using testosterone , insulin growth factor , human growth hormone and various other illegal drugs . An impressive list . Bosch , after explaining that Rodriguez was scared of needles , said he personally injected Rodriguez on more than one occasion . This reminded of Roger Clemens fear of needles — these guys really should be less squeamish .
Our story begins . Bosch said that on July 30 , 2010 — five days before he hit his 600th home run — Rodriguez met with him to ask for drugs . Lots of drugs . According to Bosch , Rodriguez wanted the good stuff , the stuff Manny Ramirez used in 2008 when his home runs went up from 20 to 37 ( or as Pelley says , Ramirez met with Bosch and , “ the next season he nearly doubled his home runs ! ” ) .
This will be a constant theme in the piece , by the way : This theme that drugs are magic and can turn hitters into superhumans . If 60 Minutes was doing a commercial for PEDs , they could have hardly done better . In fact , they would not be ALLOWED to run that as a commercial because they did not list off the side effects . I 'm constantly reminded of Buck O'Neil 's lament : If baseball leaders want kids to not use these drugs , why do they keep going on and on about HOW WELL THEY WORK ? As you will see , 60 Minutes goes to bizarre extremes to make Bosch sound like the world 's greatest scientist and his drugs into enchanted candy that can make all your dreams comes true .
Back to Bosch : He says that Rodriguez was pointed toward becoming the first and only member of the 800 home run club . We see papers that Bosch says are elaborate drug schedules for Rodriguez , schedules timed to the minute . Bosch talks about once giving Rodriguez a blood test at 8 p.m. in the bathroom stall of a night club — the story never made clear exactly why he needed to do to that .
“ What were you thinking at that time ? ” Pelley asked .
“ I 'm not getting paid enough , ” Bosch replied , an answer that could not more perfectly fit the man who gave it . Bosch admitted to being paid $ 12,000 a month .
Then we were introduced to testosterone troches , which Bosch charmingly called “ Gummies. ” These were testosterone pills , tiny ones , that you could put in your mouth before a game and would give you what Bosch called “ more energy , more strength , more focus. ” But somehow these also would be undetectable after the game .
Here , Pelley and 60 Minutes point out that on one date that according to text messages Rodriguez took these Gummies . The date was April 6 , 2012 . Opening Day . Pelley says that Rodriguez had a “ great game. ” He went two-for-three with two walks , two runs scored and a “ 412 foot double. ” The stuff works ! “
The combination , ” Bosch said , “ makes playing playing the game of baseball a lot easier . ”
Yeah , well : The report does n't really mention that Rodriguez went one for his next 16 , hit one home run in his first 13 games and hit just .272 with 18 home runs the whole season , probably the worst of his career up to that point .
In fact , the report does n't mention that since working with Bosch — based on Bosch 's own recollection — Rodriguez has hit .269/.356/.441 with 41 home runs in three seasons . His body has fallen apart . He has played in three playoff series and in those hit .111 and .125 and .111 again .
“ I 'm good at what I do , ” Bosch said when asked why Rodriguez trusted him .
One other odd part of the report : Pelley for some reason thought Bosch should be feeling regret over what he did , as if he was talking to somebody who had dedicated his life to the honor and integrity of baseball . That was really strange . He seemed on the surface to understand he was talking to a lying drunken drug dealer , but then he asks Bosch how he could do this to the game of baseball . How could you , Tony ? You knew it was wrong . You knew it was hurting the game . How , Tony ?
“ I felt I had a responsibility to do it , ” Bosch said . He said , yes , absolutely , if he had not been caught he would still be doing it .
Then , after saying Bosch had no criminal record other than parking tickets and a citation for practicing without a license ( with apparently no concern for the countless crimes he was copping to on the show ) , 60 Minutes clear the decks to let Anthony Bosch offer a little soliloquy about the game . “ I love the game of baseball , ” he says . “ Unfortunately this is part of baseball . It 's always been part of the game. ” Yes , he said “ Unfortunately . ”
“ But this cuts to the heart of fair play , ” Pelley said , still appealing to , well , I 'm not sure what .
“ Fair play ? ” Bosch said . “ If everybody 's on it , is n't that fair play ? ”
Thus endeth Part I of the report .
* * *
Part II of the report was , if possible , even more depressing than Part I . Now , we get Tony Bosch talking about how Rodriguez 's associates — they were called associates throughout the piece — offered to send Bosch to Colombia to hide away for a while , threatened to kill him and also sent him $ 50,000 in bribes . The Colombia thing was of particular note . “ They said ‘ I think you should leave town , we 'll get you a plane ticket to Colombia , you stay there until this blows over , ' ” Bosch said . “ They offered me , I forget the number $ 25,000 , $ 20,000 a month , and said ‘ I 'll give you another $ 150,000 . ”
Then , Scott Pelley adds this rather unbelievable line :
“ Bosch said he was suspicious and turned down the offer . ”
Um … what ? Suspicious of what ? Suspicious of their motives ? Suspicious that he would n't pay the full amount ? Suspicious of what kind of home he could get in Colombia ? What ? The obvious takeaway , I guess , is that e was suspicious that they would have him taken care of down in Colombia . Tony Bosch obviously thinks he 's living in the second half of “ Goodfellas , ” with danger lurking around every corner .
Is it true ? Was Alex Rodriguez hanging out with Miami gangsters who would solve his problems by offing the guy he paid $ 12,000 a month to give him drugs that were not helping his performance ? Or is Tony Bosch a delusional nutjob who somewhere along the way lost his grip of reality and started seeing threats in his the words spelled out by his Alpha Bits cereal ? Or both ?
Fortunately , Major League Baseball 's Rob Manfred brought some integrity to the proceedings . He said that he ordered that baseball pay $ 125,000 for Biogenesis documents from someone that identified himself as “ Bobby. ” But , if you fear that there might be some questions about documents from someone named “ Bobby , ” Manfred made it very clear that extraordinary efforts were made to authenticate these documents . A lot more effort , you would assume , than spent finding Bobby 's last name .
Then , they sued Bosch and his brother in order to pressure him into participating in the MLB investigation . That too worked — well , the combination of pressure and then paying for Bosch to have bodyguards protect him from “ associates ” and to pay for his defense against any criminal investigation worked .
“ There were the drug things on one side , ” Commissioner Bud Selig said of Rodriguez , “ and then all the things that he did to impede our investigation. ” Yes , when you have an investigation that is so principled and above-board , you certainly can not have anyone trying to impede it .
Pelley had questions . How could they know Bosch was telling the truth when MLB was paying so much to get him to testify ? Manfred had two answers for this . For one thing , Bosch brought along lot of corroborating evidence , which is a reasonable answer .
But listen to the other one :
“ Mr . Bosch 's credibility on this issue , whatever his motivations , whatever we did for him , was established by his willingness to come in , raise his right hand and testify , ” Manfred said . Yes . He actually said that . Tony Bosch 's credibility — already set by 60 Minutes at whatever level you put lying , drunken drug dealers — is established because he raised his right hand .
But wait . There 's more .
“ The credibility of any witness , ” Manfred continues , “ is determined by … looking the individual in the eye , listening to the story he tells and lining it up with other evidence . ”
Oh . They looked into his eyes .
The report at some point shows A-Rod in his pitiful and wretched , “ Did you do anything wrong ? … No , ” question-and-answer lie-fest on WFAN , and maybe people got a chance to look into his eyes during that pathetic session but at this point there was only turning away .
Baseball is a great game . It was a great game when we are little and we try to hit giant whiffle balls with plastic bats . It is a great game when we played ball with other kids in the neighborhood . It is a great game when we put on a real uniform for the first time — with those great baseball stirrup socks and spikes and gloves that still smell like new leather– and when we swing a bat and connect so well that the hands do n't even feel vibration .
And it 's a great game when we are watching the best in the world play , when watching Miguel Cabrera unleash on a pitch , when watching Clayton Kershaw hit the corner with a fastball , when watching Andrelton Simmons go into the hole and backhand a ground ball or watching Mike Trout run in the outfield . It 's always been a great game , even if there has always been ugliness surrounding it .
At the end of the 60 Minutes report , all is ugliness . A-Rod is guilty and lying , surely , Anthony Bosch seems a first-class lowlife , Rob Manfred comes across as Old Man Potter from “ It 's a Wonderful Life , ” and the only winner in the whole mess — THE ONLY WINNER — seems to be the drugs themselves , which apparently work miracles and , if used right , are undetectable .
So what point of all this again ?
Scott Pelley ends the report like so : “ And Bud Selig has announced his retirement from the game . Part of his legacy is the establishment of the toughest anti-doping rules in all of American pro sports . ”
There it is . Bud Selig , who has been commissioner over the worst drug scandal to ever hit American sports , who presided over a game that ten years ago DID NOT TEST for drugs , got 60 Minutes to put that line at the end . Part of his legacy is this glorious chapter of buying papers from Bobby , threatening and paying off Boesch and nailing Alex Rodriguez .
Then report ended and only then , if you watch the Internet videos , do you get the biggest lesson of all . You get to see who sponsored the report .
Viagra .
Vancouver will insist that new buildings in most areas of the downtown peninsula be hooked up to a low-carbon alternative-energy utility .
The requirement , which will cover northeast False Creek , Chinatown , the West End and Downtown South , is part of the city 's greenhouse-gas reduction plan .
The city has reserved a large piece of city-owned land for the energy provider , Creative Energy Canada Platforms Corp , to build a new energy centre that would produce heat from biofuel such as wood chips . The land is in the False Creek Flats .
Creative Energy is owned by developer Ian Gillespie , whose Westbank Projects is one of the largest and most influential builders in the city . Last year , Gillespie paid $ 32 million to buy Central Heat Distribution , a steam heat provider regulated by the B.C . Utilities Commission that serves more than 210 buildings in the downtown core . He intends to use the company as the backbone for Creative Energy 's larger low-carbon plans , but before he first needs to convert the existing six natural gas boilers to low carbon fuel .
The city 's ruling party , Vision Vancouver , has long pressured Central Heat to convert , noting its boilers pump out 70,000 tonnes of greenhouse gases annually , making it the single largest source in Vancouver . The company declined to convert until Gillespie stepped in and bought it .
The city selected Creative Energy from six applicants for its new district energy plan .
In a report to council Tuesday , Brian Crowe , the director of water , sewers and district energy , said Creative Energy will begin converting to a low-carbon source . In order to do that , it needs a large industrial property near rail lines or water . The city and Creative Energy studied properties on Port Metro Vancouver lands and the False Creek Flats , and settled on a large piece of land owned by the city on Industrial Avenue .
The city agreed to reserve the property for 18 months while the company makes a business case for the new plant . If the deal goes ahead , the city will lease the land to Gillespie 's company at market rates , Crowe said .
The city and Creative Energy have already signed a deal to create a neighbourhood utility in Northeast False Creek and Chinatown and are negotiating a franchise agreement for Downtown South . Next year , they expect to finish negotiations for new systems in the West End and Downtown Eastside . All of these areas would be served by the new plant .
Under the terms of the deal , the city would draft bylaws requiring mandatory connection to Creative Energy 's system for all new developments . The company will have to apply to the B.C . Utilities Commission to create each new utility . The commission would regulate what Creative Energy will charge .
Crowe said the downtown core will be excluded from the mandatory hookup requirement because it is already well-served by the existing system .
Unlike the city-owned district energy utility in Southeast False Creek , which recovers waste heat from sewage for passive heat distribution to the Olympic Village , Creative Energy needs to use combustible materials to provide high volumes of steam to service its existing customers .
695BGK Episode # 18 2015-04-03 01:49:21 Download
Police officer John Edwards was patrolling a quiet neighborhood in Bellaire , Texas when he saw an SUV driven by two young African-American men . It was just before 2am on December 31 , 2008 . Edwards followed the SUV and ran the license plate number . His computer indicated that the SUV was stolen , and Edwards drew his gun and told the two men to get down on the ground . It was n't until later that he realized he 'd typed the wrong license plate number into his computer . He was off by one digit . By the time he realized his mistake , one of the men had already been shot in the chest at close range .
Update : We checked in with the Tolan family in our 50th Episode .
Dec 2nd draw is now closed . The winners of the Fabric Box Hunt boxes are Pinkbike users
akreutz , Kvk13 , SystemShaper , Crispyman , Espresso 90 , Mejzlik , sportsfan317 , mountaineerofwv , opusrider , gbeaks33 , SorinGTI , MrBaker2u , MisterChow , Flowting1993 , AOshred , anguusss , szb84 , Absent
Prize Details :
Join the hunt ! Over the past few months Fabric has been giving away over 300 limited edition gift boxes jammed full of exclusive Fabric products and collaboration items with some of the coolest brands out there . You can join the hunt at events ( following clues from Fabric 's Instagram channel ) and here at Pinkbike . Last chance to win one of these boxes .
So what 's in the box ?
- Exclusive Fabric Scoop Titanium Team Saddle
- Exclusive Fabric Lock-on Grips
- Exclusive Fabric Black Chamber tool
- Exclusive Fabric Tool Keg
- Fabric Waterbottle
- Fabric Microbar Pump
To be eligible , you must be logged into your Pinkbike account . If you do n't have one , you can
sign up here
There will be new prizes revealed every day in the lead up to Dec 25th so check the Advent Calendar daily on the front page of Pinkbike and make sure you enter for a chance to win .
Happy Holidays !
MENTIONS :
A San Diego company is producing and selling what could be a legal alternative to medical marijuana .
HempMedPX is creating hemp oil rich in CBD or cannabidiol . Unlike THC in marijuana , CBD does not cause the “ high ” effect . Rather , recent studies indicate “ CBD to be well tolerated and safe ” and is being tested to treat children with uncontrolled seizures .
Dr. Joshua Hartsel tests the products of HempMedPX and says they contain less than 1 percent THC and up to 90 percent CBD . He says the products are tested three to five times and at least once at a third-party lab .
“ It 's tested not only for the THC and CBD levels , it 's tested for pesticides , pathogens , anything that could be really harmful to the consumer , ” Hartsel said . “ We produce CBD on a large scale . Right now , no one is doing that . ''
`` Legal Alternative '' to Medical Marijuana ?
NBC 7 's Candice Nguyen talks with a San Diego neurologist who says in extreme cases , it may be reasonable for patients to consider trying CBD after consulting their doctor . ( Published Tuesday , Feb. 11 , 2014 )
NBC 7 spoke to Dr. Steven Poceta who is a neurologist at Scripps Clinic Torrey Pines and the president-elect of the San Diego County Medical Society . He says some patients with epilepsy are using CBD , and there is some suggestion that the component is effective .
“ There is at least one basic science study that suggests CBD could be an effective anticonvulsant , ” he said . “ It has some promise , but at this point , unfortunately , it 's not well studied enough to understand side effects and the long term benefits ratio of using this . ”
Poceta says in extreme cases , it may be reasonable for patients to consider trying CBD after consulting their doctor .
Toddler Seizures Treated with Medical Marijuana
An Oceanside family , desperate to save their dying son , has turned to medical marijuana . They say marijuana oil has helped cure the seizures that almost took his life . NBC 7 's Omari Fleming reports . ( Published Wednesday , Jan. 8 , 2014 )
One of those extreme cases is out of Orange County . Blake Zika , 22 , has suffered from frequent seizures since he was four years old . His illness has left him developmentally challenged .
There have been times Blake would have a seizure every half hour , and his mother , Stacy Lynch , would worry how he would get through the night .
“ He had 200 seizures Monday through Thursday , so bad he lost his swallowing reflex , ” Lynch said . “ I have 25 known drugs that he had to be put in a medically induced coma and these are all FDA approved and the side effects are just horrible . ”
In August , she learned online about CBD and obtained hemp oil from a friend of a friend . That oil happened to be high in THC and made Blake have more seizures . In search of a safe , consistent product , Lynch found HempMedPX . She put the CBD-rich hemp oil into a pill for Blake to ingest .
Since then , she says he has had far fewer seizures and is able to sleep through the night .
The oil is not cheap . According to Charles Vest , the Vice President of Communications for HempMedPX , a week 's worth of their most potent oil cost about $ 400 to $ 500 .
“ What we would like is to get that to like a month 's supply for that amount of money , ” Vest said . “ We want nothing more than to have the cost be the same as sugar or salt . More and more people find out about it , the lower the price will go . ”
Poceta remains cautiously optimistic about the benefits of CBD . He says the California Medical Association has called for increased evaluation of the medical marijuana industry to allow for more research and more information .
NASA employees were caught buying child pornography from a criminal ring in Eastern Europe that distributed images of minors as young as three , it can be revealed .
An investigation by Daily Mail Online found staff members from the space agency paid for pictures and videos of children in sexual situations , but were never prosecuted .
Their names have never been released because of government guidelines which protect their privacy .
The probe found that in 2010 , the employees paid for the pornography using personal credit cards or PayPal while working for the government .
Their actions were uncovered during Project Flicker - an investigation by the FBI and Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) into American citizens buying child pornography from Belarus and Ukraine .
An investigation by Daily Mail Online has revealed staff members working for NASA purchased child pornography from Eastern Europe , but avoided prosecution . Pictured is the vehicle assembly building at the JFK Space Center at Cape Canaveral , Florida
The investigation began in 2007 when more than 33,000 images of minors being abused flooded into the country .
Investigators identified more than 5,200 citizens across the country who had paid for a subscription to illicit websites in order to access the content .
In 2010 it was revealed that 264 of these worked for the Pentagon as either employees or contractors . Some of them worked for the NSA and had top security clearance .
But the Daily Mail Online can reveal for the first time that NASA employees were also identified in the sickening scheme in the same year .
However their names have been redacted in documents obtained by Daily Mail Online via Freedom of Information Act request from NASA 's Office of Inspector General .
The documents initially stated that 16 employees were identified . However NASA contacted Daily Mail Online to clarify that eight employees were involved and they are all no longer employed by the space agency .
Transactions from the workers were discovered after a FBI special agent tipped off investigators .
Therefore it is not known whether they were disciplined or sanctioned within the department - meaning they could still be working for the government .
When the Defense Criminal Investigative Service ( DCIS ) investigated the Pentagon employees identified in the scheme , they only investigated 52 of the suspects and 212 people on ICE 's list were never questioned at all .
They were part of a group of federal employees who downloaded more than 33,000 explicit images of children between them ( FBI headquarters pictured )
Some had the highest available security clearance .
After the probe was completed just 10 were ever charged with viewing or purchasing child pornography - prompting fears some of those caught could still be working for the military .
It is not known whether any of the NASA employers were questioned , but it is clear they were not prosecuted - as their names have not been revealed .
If they had been found guilty of a crime , their names would not have been redacted in the disclosed files .
A spokesman for NASA told Daily Mail Online they would not be commenting beyond what was stated in the FOIA documents .
PROJECT FLICKER : HOW MORE THAN 5,000 US CITIZENS WERE CAUGHT UP IN CHILD PORN RING The investigation began in 2007 when more than 33,000 x-rated images of minors were believed to have flooded into the country from Belarus and Ukraine . Investigators identified more than 5,200 citizens across the country who had paid for a subscription to illicit websites in order to access the content . In 2010 it was revealed that 264 of these worked for the Pentagon as either employees or contractors . Some of them worked for the NSA and had top security clearance . But the Daily Mail Online can reveal for the first time that NASA employees were also identified in the sickening scheme in the same year . Despite the number of people identified , only a handful of people were prosecuted .
A spokesman from Immigration and Customs Enforcement said : 'In 2006 , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's ( ICE ) Homeland Security Investigations ( HSI ) opened an investigation into the criminal network behind hundreds of child pornography websites .
'The investigation , called Project Flicker , was conducted in collaboration with other U.S. and international law enforcement partners around the world , and identified 30,000 customers in 132 countries - resulting in hundreds of convictions in the U.S. and 16 arrests in Belarus and Ukraine .
'The criminal rings involved used a variety of online and traditional payment methods , elaborate defense measures and a franchise business model that provided access to images and videos of sexually exploited boys and girls , some as young as 3 years old .
'HSI 's Cyber Crimes Center distributed more than 5,000 domestic leads to field offices around the country and shared more than 4,000 foreign leads with its law enforcement partners via HSI 's attaché offices .
'HSI is a leading federal law enforcement agency combating the sexual exploitation of children . HSI conducts investigations under Operation Predator , a nationwide initiative to protect children from sexual predators , including those who possess , trade and produce child pornography ; who travel overseas for sex with minors ; and who engage in the sex trafficking of children .
'HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious activity through its toll-free hotline at 1-866-DHS-2ICE . This hotline is staffed around the clock by investigators . '
The FBI said they would not be adding to the ICE 's statement .
Well , here we are . According to Tim Reynolds of the AP , the time has finally come :
AP Source : Miami has received notice of allegations from NCAA . — Tim Reynolds ( @ ByTimReynolds ) February 20 , 2013
While this is by no means the end of the process , this does signify the beginning of the end . The process from here is more or less cut and dry :
Miami can either accept the charges detailed in the Notice of Allegations or file a response to the Notice , which would require a hearing before the NCAA Committee on Infractions . Any action must be taken within 90 days of the receipt of the Notice of Allegations . An Infractions Appeal Committee could hear the University 's appeal from the findings of the Committee on Infractions , should the University decide to further challenge the NCAA 's charges . More : Miami 's allegations against the NCAA Up next for the NCAA will be the punishment stage . Will Miami receive any sanctions from the notice of allegations ? The University has already self-imposed punishments that restrict their ability to attend multiple bowl contests and an ACC conference title game .
The grey area in this particular situation is all of the talk of a potential lawsuit if the NCAA still tries to allege major wrongdoing by Miami and hand out harsh sanctions . Miami has already made the unprecedented move of self-imposing two years ' worth of bowl bans . Outside of that , they have also self-imposed scholarships this year , going so far as to self-limit the number of recruiting visits they could take . Add to that the clear invalidation of possibly the most key corroborative evidence by the NCAA investigators , and it 's hard to see Miami getting severe penalties , regardless of how bad the NOA reads .
Rest assured , however , that Donna Shalala and the BOT are both tired of how this process has played out , and recent events have only escalated their disdain . If the NCAA tries to recover some of the image they have lost , or , in layman 's terms , if they try to make themselves feel better about the fact that they screwed up , Shalala will likely not hesitate to send the lawyers to work .
Miami has yet to comment on this newest news , but word is is that they will shortly . Even without official university word , details are beginning to leak :
AP Source : Notice of allegations against Miami includes the dreaded `` lack of institutional control '' charge . — Tim Reynolds ( @ ByTimReynolds ) February 20 , 2013
This is not surprising at all , as many expected this to be at least the basis of the NOA . It 's also not surprising that the NCAA is trying to save some face by dropping a notice full of serious charges .
UPDATE : Miami has released their official statement on the matter of the NOA :
“ The University of Miami deeply regrets and takes full responsibility for those NCAA violations that are based on fact and are corroborated by multiple individuals and/or documentation . We have already self-imposed a bowl ban for an unprecedented two-year period , forfeited the opportunity to participate in an ACC championship game , and withheld student-athletes from competition .
Over the two and a half years since the University of Miami first contacted the NCAA enforcement staff about allegations of rules violations , the NCAA interviewed dozens of witnesses , including current and former Miami employees and student-athletes , and received thousands of requested documents and emails from the University . Yet despite our efforts to aid the investigation , the NCAA acknowledged on February 18 , 2013 that it violated its own policies and procedures in an attempt to validate the allegations made by a convicted felon . Many of the allegations included in the Notice of Allegations remain unsubstantiated .
Now that the Notice of Allegations has been issued , let me provide some context to the investigation itself :
· Many of the charges brought forth are based on the word of a man who made a fortune by lying . The NCAA enforcement staff acknowledged to the University that if Nevin Shapiro , a convicted con man , said something more than once , it considered the allegation “ corroborated ” —an argument which is both ludicrous and counter to legal practice . · Most of the sensationalized media accounts of Shapiro 's claims are found nowhere in the Notice of Allegations . Despite their efforts over two and a half years , the NCAA enforcement staff could not find evidence of prostitution , expensive cars for players , expensive dinners paid for by boosters , player bounty payments , rampant alcohol and drug use , or the alleged hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash and gifts given to student-athletes , as reported in the media . The fabricated story played well—the facts did not . · The NCAA enforcement staff failed , even after repeated requests , to interview many essential witnesses of great integrity who could have provided first-hand testimony , including , unbelievably , Paul Dee , who has since passed away , but who served as Miami Athletic Director during many of the years that violations were alleged to have occurred . How could a supposedly thorough and fair investigation not even include the Director of Athletics ? · Finally , we believe the NCAA was responsible for damaging leaks of unsubstantiated allegations over the course of the investigation . Let me be clear again : for any rule violation—substantiated and proven with facts—that the University , its employees , or student-athletes committed , we have been and should be held accountable . We have worked hard to improve our compliance oversight , and we have already self-imposed harsh sanctions .
We deeply regret any violations , but we have suffered enough .
The University and counsel will work diligently to prepare our official response to the Notice of Allegations and submit it to the Committee on Infractions within the required 90-day time period .
We trust that the Committee on Infractions will provide the fairness and integrity missing during the investigative process . ”
We will update you here with the information as it is released , including Miami 's statement .
DEPUTY Premier Jeff Seeney has continued to fire shots following yesterday 's threat to change the law to prevent the Crime and Misconduct Commission from interfering in the political process .
Speaking on ABC radio Friday morning , Mr Seeney said investigations around political issues should not be publicly disclosed until there was an outcome and that in his view the CMC was being used to add credibility to `` grubby '' political accusations .
`` The CMC can investigate the complaint but they should n't either confirm or deny it , '' he said .
`` They should n't make public statements about it . They should get on with the job and investigate it and if they find something untoward they should take whatever action is necessary . ''
Mr Seeney questioned what public good it served the CMC by coming out and `` confirming they are investigating a young bloke that has been appointed to a job in the current debate '' .
He was referring to a CMC investigation into possible official misconduct relating to a Queensland transport department appointment .
The CMC has not named the person at the centre of the investigation , but The Courier-Mail this week revealed it to be Ben Gommers , 25 , the son of Arts Minister Ros Bates .
A spokeswoman for the CMC said the watchdog was independent and apolitical .
`` At no time during the election campaign or since has any decision or public statement been politically motivated , '' she said .
`` Just because it 's inevitable that some of the CMC 's decisions will have political consequences , that does not mean they were made for partisan reasons .
`` No CMC decision is ever made for partisan political reasons . ''
On Thursday , Mr Seeney told a press conference the government would look at legislation in regards to the CMC .
He also urged the CMC to make its own changes .
`` They need to protect their own credibility . This is not the first time this has happened , '' he said .
`` I have raised this issue a number of times before and the Chairman of the CMC came to see me about it and we had a robust discussion about it . But what has happened today reinforces the view I have expressed before - it continues to happen . ''
Mr Seeney said `` the CMC should be aware for the potential for players in the political campaign to make complaints to the CMC and then to use that in the political argument '' .
`` The Labor Party today continues to make accusations about people and then go out and use that accusation in the political debate , '' he said .
`` That should immediately negate the accusation , that would put a stop to it and it would ensure that only people who have a genuine concern can still have their complaints heard . ''
The CMC spokeswoman said investigations referred to the body were considered on a case by case basis .
`` Put simply , the CMC has an obligation to consider each referral/complaint and make its decision accordingly , '' she said .
`` The CMC also has the ability , in the public interest , to generate its own assessment of a matter whether or not a formal complaint has been received . ''
Earlier , when asked specifically about the Ben Gommers case , Mr Seeney said it `` was another example of where accusations are made and then those accusations are peddled in the political argument .
`` And there is a whole series of those types of accusations that were made during the election campaign and that the Labor Party continue to make today , '' he said .
It 's understood that Mr Gommers was hired as a departmental liaison officer on May 10 on a contract that would expire on May 24 next year with an A08 salary level , meaning he would earn up to $ 103,000 .
An internal email from the Premier 's Director-General Jon Grayson obtained by The Courier-Mail revealed Mr Gommers ' appointment was after Mr Newman ordered an `` immediate freeze on all public sector permanent and temporary appointments '' except for those on the frontline such as police , teachers and nurses .
Together union secretary Alex Scott said it was `` highly unusual '' for a young person to be placed in such a high position .
`` I 've never seen an A08 at that age , '' he said .
Mr Gommers is one of several appointments involving his ministers ' children by the Newman Government .
Similarly , former Premier Anna Bligh 's husband Greg Withers was the director of the office of climate change in Queensland and State Opposition Leader Annastacia Palaszczuk reportedly worked in three ministerial offices in eight years while her father , Henry , served as a minister .
IT COMES AS the Crime and Misconduct Commission revealed it had charged one of its own officers for failing to keep a secret .
The corruption watchdog announced today that the officer had been suspended from duty for an `` alleged contravention of secrecy under the Crime and Misconduct Act 2001 '' and he would appear before the Brisbane Magistrates Court next Thursday .
`` The charge relates to the alleged unauthorised release of information contained in a confidential CMC research report prepared for law enforcement agencies only , '' the spokeswoman said .
`` The alleged offence did not impact on any operational considerations , including investigations undertaken by the CMC or any other agency . ''
It 's understood the officer was not involved in the handling of complaints or investigations at the CMC .
`` The CMC has released this information as a matter of transparency . No further comment will be made at this time , '' the CMC spokeswoman said .
- additional reporting Koren Helbig
Originally published as Seeney wants 'grubby ' CMC to stay quiet
For the first time in many months , the McDowell County shelter may have to euthanize animals for overcrowding .
Workers are trying desperately to avoid it , a Brother Wolf representative said .
Brother Wolf recently announced it has stopped taking in animals as it prepares to move into a new location . This paired with the usual uptick in baby animals born in spring and summer is bad news for homeless animals in McDowell and western N.C .
Jamie Stillwachs , manager of the McDowell Brother Wolf chapter , said , `` The shelter is wall-to-wall animals . The new manager is trying desperately not to euthanize . He borrowed several of our crates to make more spaces for kittens , and they are just crammed in everywhere . It 's really really rough right now . It will be the end of the line for many of these beautiful animals . So many babies who have n't even gotten the chance to experience life yet . Mommies doing everything they can to just protect their babies . Sweet adults who were loyal friends to someone before they got surrendered , lost , or abandoned . ''
`` The McDowell County Animal Shelter is FULL . Beyond full . They could not fit 1 more animal into this small building , '' reads a post on the Facebook page of the McDowell chapter of Brother Wolf . `` If you have been thinking of adopting , NOW is the time . So many of these animals may lose their lives this weekend , because there is just not space for them . ''
The shelter has not had to euthanize animals for space in months , continues the chapter on Facebook , `` but we 're afraid they are at the end of the line . They can not stretch any more . ''
The McDowell County Animal Shelter is open Monday- Friday 9:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. and Saturday 8 a.m.- 1 p.m. Reach them at 828-652-6643 .
`` Please help if you can . Please share . Please adopt . And please spay/neuter your pets , or this vicious cycle will never end . ''
The theater has been presenting “ The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , ” which was adapted from a mystery novel and is one of London 's most popular plays .
The collapse also brought down lights and rigging , and a large part of the ceiling fell nearly four stories onto the people sitting in the lowest level . Witnesses described a tapping or cracking sound , which many thought was part of the play , and then saw movement from those in the first rows of the balconies , before a large piece of ceiling smashed down , cutting the main lights and producing big clouds of dust , screaming and panic .
Steve George , who manages a movie theater , took his wife to the play for her birthday . They had balcony seats five rows back from the edge , he said . “ We saw people at the front of the row get up and move , like the way people get up and move when they 're bored and leave , ” he said . “ Then it was like a ripple going backwards , literally in a matter of seconds . We heard a massive crash and the ceiling came crashing straight down in front of the balcony into the stalls . Some people were screaming , but in the section where we were there was no shoving or pushing . We realized it was serious when the emergency lights came on and there was a lot of dust . Ushers were guiding people out . It was a speedy walkout . ”
Image The Apollo Theater , on Shaftesbury Avenue , opened in London in 1901 .
His wife , Hannah , said : “ It went very quickly . For a second I thought it was part of the sound effects ; it was surreal . I realized when I saw all the dust . ”
She said she saw at least two people badly injured , a man with blood running from his head and a woman on the ground getting oxygen . “ I 'm still shaken , ” she said . “ It was pretty terrifying . ”
Just three seasons after it entered NCAA Division I competition , Northern Kentucky may be switching conferences .
The Norse , who compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference which is made up of schools from southern states , may be moving to the Horizon League , a more Midwestern , metropolitan conference , according to multiple reports .
WXIX 's Joe Danneman said this on on Saturday :
BREAKING : Source confirms NKU will be moving to the Horizon League for all sports . Pending board approval Monday . — Joe Danneman ( @ FOX19Joe ) May 9 , 2015
On Saturday afternoon Northern Kentucky University notified the media , including The River City News , of a special Board of Regents meeting scheduled for Monday at 9:30 a.m. where the topic would be `` intercollegiate athletics '' .
NKU has made multiple high profile changes since entering D-I play three seasons ago , including the replacement of its athletic director who ended up in prison after stealing cash from the Highland Heights campus , and its longtime men 's basketball coach .
Current Athletic Director Ken Bothof arrived at Northern Kentucky from the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay , a school whose sports team compete in the Horizon League .
The Times of Northwest Indiana reported in March that the Horizon League would likely expand in the near future :
“ I 'd say that we 're in the active phase ( of expansion ) whereas 12 months ago we were in the study phase , ” ( Horizon League Commissioner Jon ) LeCrone said . “ We know what we need to know about potential candidates. ” LeCrone hesitated a setting a timetable for adding one , or additional members , saying that there are a number of variables that need to be considered . The Horizon League has nine members and the odd number has made conference scheduling difficult , particularly in men 's basketball . “ When it comes to adding another partner , you do n't know their time frame and you have to be respectful of the other school 's league , ” LeCrone said . “ That does n't mean we could n't make an announcement . ”
Whereas the Atlantic Sun is made up of schools from Florida , Georgia , Tennessee , and South Carolina ( in addition to NKU in Kentucky ) , the Horizon League features teams from Ohio ( Cleveland State , Wright State , Youngstown State ) , Michigan ( Detroit Mercy , Oakland ) , Indiana ( Valparaiso ) , Wisconsin ( UW-Green Bay , UW-Milwaukee ) , and Illinois ( UI-Chicago ) .
For the first time this season , Northern Kentucky competed in the conference post-season tournaments and will be eligible for the full post-season , including the NCAA basketball tournament , in the 2016-17 season .
-Staff report
It was a great first split under the Team Dignitas brand as the team rose to new levels by securing 2nd at the Smite Masters Lan . Team Dignitas now come into the Summer Split favorites to be the finalists and represent Europe at the Smite World Championships . In this interview , we speak with Team Dignitas Hunter Kenny 'Arkkyl ' Kuska on his expectations for the next split .
You guys had a magnificent run at the Smite Masters LAN earlier in April , how has this run affected your expectations towards the future and possibly Worlds ?
Arkkyl : I think long term we know that we can become the best in the world , but I think we even surprised ourselves with how far we got during our first few months as a team . To come so close but know that we still have so much to work on as a team and as individuals is very motivating working towards Dreamhack Valencia and then SWC .
You are the Hunter for our Smite team , what is your role within the team 's structure ? Does Biggy have you responsible for certain things during and outside of game ?
Arkkyl : My role within Team Dignitas as far as structure goes is to make sure I am relaying as much information as I can to the rest of the team as well as making sure I have control of my lane and jungle . This was something that Biggy implemented very early on and continues to reinforce within my play . As long as I am relaying all the information I can as far as relics , ultimates , jungle timers and vision , then that allows the rest of my team to play accordingly .
You are very silent compared to your other teammates on Team Dignitas . What is your role in terms of the team dynamic and communication ?
Arkkyl : I was definitely quieter when I first joined the team . I am a lot more confident in my role within the team now though . My role in terms of the team dynamic and communication is pretty much as I explained in the previous question .
If you were to describe each of your teammates , how would you describe them ?
Arkkyl :
Trixtank : Really strong mechanics as well as very good and consistent communication . He also has an extremely positive attitude when it comes to playing the game .
Qvofred : Fred is a monkey , but also an insane jungler , maybe even the best in the world .
Zyrhoes : Always seems to be ahead of his opponent . Very smart and has such a good understanding of how SMITE works . He is always theorycrafting and helping with all of our builds .
Variety : I think he is the best solo laner in the world . Such a confident player and is always fun to play with .
Going further into Trixtank , what do you enjoy about laning with him ? Is one of those things his mean Bellona Support ?
Arkkyl : The thing I like most about Trix is that he is never afraid to experiment or make a play . He has so much confidence in his own ability and also such a good attitude towards the game . Plus his Bellona support , but not his piano .
You guys as a duo are one of the more aggressive lanes in the SPL , is it to take advantage of favorable matchups or is there another reason behind it ?
Arkkyl : I think it is just the combination of play styles between Trix and myself . We are both overly aggressive players , so even in an even or losing matchup we trust ourselves to outplay our opponents and win the lane .
Are there any hunters or bot lane duo 's that you would like to bounce back into meta before the summer split ?
Arkkyl : I am pretty happy with the current top tier picks in my role . Maybe having Apollo back in the meta again would be fun though .
Any predictions towards the summer split ? Any teams you think will be at the top with you guys and some that may struggle ?
Arkkyl : In my opinion it will be NRG , Obey and Rival at the top with us , hard to say in what order though . Papis and Optimus Gang will most likely struggle as well just due to the fact that they are new to the SPL . Would be nice to see them get some upset wins though .
What will you be looking to improve before next split to ensure continuous growth ?
Arkkyl : I think I need to focus on improving the times that I choose to be aggressive in lane as oppose to maintaining my lane and jungle control . My biggest problem right now is that I just love playing aggressively and sometimes almost to the point that I can throw my own lead .
Be sure to follow Arkkyl through his journey through the 2017 Season of Smite Pro League with Team Dignitas .
Arkkyl 's Twitter
Arkkyl 's Twitch
GRAPHIC CONTENT : Villagers cut open a giant python to find their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death . Courtesy : Viral Press
WARNING : Graphic content and images .
SHOCKING details are coming to light over the discovery of a man swallowed by a giant reticulated python .
A man who went missing in a remote Indonesian village on the island of West Sulawesi on Sunday night has been found inside a seven-metre-long python .
Footage released by Viral Press shows the horrifying moment 25-year-old harvester Akbar Salubiro 's body was reportedly cut out of the giant snake 's belly .
“ This probably attacked from behind , ” a villager told Tribun Timur .
The Timur said the snake weighed 158 kilograms , almost four times the body weight of its victim .
Mamuju ‘ Sarang ' Ular Piton Terbesar di Indonesia : Mayat ayah dua anak ini , ditemukan dalam… https : //t.co/erIbORnABE — Tribun Timur ( @ tribuntimur ) March 30 , 2017
Reticulated pythons are some of the world 's largest reptiles and suffocate their prey before swallowing them whole . Large reticulated pythons generally eat mammals , from birds to large deer and one large meal could take several months for a snake to digest .
Nia Kurniawan , from Brawijaya University , told BBC Indonesian a snake the size of the one captured would typically hunt for larger prey .
They are n't known to devour humans , though there are some cases where young children have been swallowed .
“ The more prey python snake wild boar and foxes , which are more easily found than men . It just happened this time , between the human habitat and the python was overlap , which allows humans to be eaten by a python , ” herpetologist Nia Kurniawan told the Timur .
Neighbours reported cries from the palm grove the night Mr Salubiro went missing , but it was n't until the next day when their fears were confirmed .
A spokesman for police in West Sulawesi told BBC Indonesian the man had been missing for 24 hours .
It is believed Mr Salubiro was swallowed after he left his home to harvest palm oil . When his family became concerned over the missing man 's whereabouts , they spotted the python looking a little , well , full .
“ Here indeed is often found a giant python , but this new , ” said one resident .
Palm oil plantations would attract these types of reptiles as they would make for perfect hunting ground , finding boars and dogs .
“ They did n't find him ( Akbar ) , but the villagers saw an unmoving python in the ditch , ” Mashura , a spokesperson for the police in West Sulawesi province , told BBC Indonesian .
“ They grew suspicious that maybe the snake had Akbar . When they cut it open , Akbar was inside the snake . ”
National Geographic reports that similar to Burmese pythons , reticulated python 's kill their prey before they eat it , making it “ unlikely Salubiro was eaten alive ” .
His body , still intact , was discovered inside the snake after residents sliced open its belly .
The footage , which runs for five minutes , shows horrified locals peeling open the snake , only to be confronted with the man 's boots .
As the snake 's body is sliced open , it reveals more and more of the missing man , still clothed .
Book covers designed by Otl Aicher for Severin & Siedler
Pictograms designed by Aicher , in use at the Athens Airport
Aicher 's Lufthansa logo
Otto `` Otl '' Aicher ( 13 May 1922 – 1 September 1991 ) was a German graphic designer and typographer . He is best known for having designed pictograms for the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich that proved influential on the use of stick figures for public signage , as well as designing the typeface Rotis . Aicher also co-founded the Ulm School of Design .
Early life and career [ edit ]
Aicher was born in Ulm , in the south-western state of Baden-Württemberg , on 13 May 1922 . Aicher was a classmate and friend of Werner Scholl , and through him met Werner 's family , including his siblings Hans and Sophie Scholl , both of whom would be executed in 1943 for their membership in the White Rose resistance movement in Nazi Germany . Like the Scholls , Aicher was strongly opposed to the Nazi movement . He was arrested in 1937 for refusing to join the Hitler Youth , and consequently he was failed on his abitur ( college entrance ) examination in 1941 . He was subsequently drafted into the German army to fight in World War II , though he tried to leave at various times . In 1945 he deserted the army , and went into hiding at the Scholls ' house in Wutach .
In 1946 , after the end of the war , Aicher began studying sculpture at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich . In 1947 , he opened his own studio in Ulm .
In 1952 he married Inge Scholl , the older sister of Werner , Hans , and Sophie .
Ulm School of Design [ edit ]
In 1953 , along with Inge Scholl and Max Bill , he founded the Ulm School of Design ( Hochschule für Gestaltung Ulm ) , which became one of Germany 's leading educational centres for design from its founding until its closure in 1968 . Faculty and students included such notable designers as Tomás Maldonado , Peter Seitz , and Anthony Froshaug .
Aicher was heavily involved in corporate branding and considered one of the pioneers of Corporate design . [ 1 ] Among others he was influential to the corporate identity of the company Braun and he designed the logo for German airline Lufthansa in 1969 .
1972 Munich Olympics [ edit ]
In 1966 Aicher was asked by the organisers of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich to become the Olympic Games ' lead designer . He was asked to create a design for the Olympics that complemented the architecture of the newly built stadium in Munich designed by Günther Behnisch . Aicher consulted with Masaru Katsumie , who had designed the previous 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games . [ 2 ]
Basing his work in part on iconography for the '64 Games , Aicher created a set of pictograms meant to provide a visual interpretation of the sport they featured so that athletes and visitors to the Olympic village and stadium could find their way around . [ 2 ] He created pictograms using a series of grid systems and a specific bright colour palette that he chose for these Games . These designs were directly influential on the DOT pictograms , developed in 1974 by the United States Department of Transportation , which applied the same principles to standard public signage such as those for toilets and telephones ; the DOT pictograms have in turn been used around the world . The series of pictograms he created was not a simple task ; the goal of each pictogram was to function as a clear sign of the activity it represented while simultaneously maintaining its universal comprehension . [ 3 ]
Otl Aicher also helped to design the logo of the Munich Olympics . He went through several stages with his design team before finally finding the successful emblem . One of their first ideas was to use an element of the city 's coat of arms or Münchner Kindl within the design which showed a monk or child pointing into the distance while clasping a book in his hand . Other ideas were to use the surrounding areas of the city , referencing the sun , mountains and landscape within the design . [ 2 ] Finally the `` Strahlenkranz '' was created , a garland which represented the sun but also the five Olympic rings merged in a spiral shape . Designer Coordt von Mannstein reworked Aicher 's original design through a mathematical calculation to amalgamate the garland and spiral together to get the final design . [ 2 ]
The colours chosen for the designs of the games were selected to reflect the tones of the Alps . The mountains in blue and white would make up the palette of colours which also included green , orange and silver . [ 2 ] The colours were used to identify allocated themes such as media , technical services , celebrity hospitality and public functions and each had a different colour so visitors could differentiate the themes around the stadium and village . Uniforms were colour-coordinated to represent these themes , the Olympic staff could be identified as working for a particular department by the colour they were wearing . [ 2 ]
Aicher used the typeface Univers for the Olympic designs . [ 2 ] The design team produced 21 sports posters to advertise the sports at the games , using the official design colours and also including the logo and `` München 1972 '' . The design team used a technique called `` posterization '' for the graphics on the posters , separating the tonal qualities from the images in a manual process and using the official munich colours for these games . [ 2 ] The first of these posters was a poster of the Olympic stadium which became the official poster for these games . The posters were displayed all around the city of Munich and around the Olympic sites . Posters were hung in twos alongside posters designed by famous artists chosen to represent this Olympics such as David Hockney , R. B. Kitaj , Tom Wesselmann and Allen Jones . [ 2 ]
He also created the first official Olympic Mascot , a striped dachshund named Waldi .
Aicher 's pictograms at the 1972 Munich Olympics
Later work [ edit ]
The font `` rotis ''
One of the studio buildings designed by Aicher for his office
In 1980 Otl Aicher became a consultant of the kitchen manufacturer bulthaup . He created the rotis font family in 1988 , naming it after the domicile of Rotis in the city of Leutkirch im Allgäu , where Aicher lived and kept his studio which is still used today by bulthaup .
He also designed the logo for the University of Konstanz as well as Munich Airport , the latter consisting of the letter M in a simple sans-serif font .
Death and after [ edit ]
Aicher died in Günzburg on 1 September 1991 , after he was struck by a vehicle while mowing the grass at Rotis . [ 4 ]
He was honoured by the Munich City Council on 6 May 2010 , when a street , Otl-Aicher-Straße , in the City 's Borough No . 12 ( Schwabing-Freimann ) was named after him .
Publications [ edit ]
Aicher wrote many books on design and other subjects , including :
`` The Kitchen is for Cooking '' ( 1982 )
`` Walking in the Desert '' ( 1982 )
`` Critique of the Automobile '' ( 1984 )
`` Inside the War '' ( 1985 )
`` The World as Design '' ( Die Welt Als Entwurf ) ( 1991 )
`` Analog and Digital '' ( Analog Und Digital ) ( 1991 )
Publications on Otl Aicher and his work :
Foster , Norman : Otl Aicher 1991 . In : David Jenkins ( Hg . ) : On Foster ... Foster On , München : Prestel , 2000 , pp . 592–595 , ISBN 3-7913-2405-5
In : David Jenkins ( Hg . ) : , München : Prestel , 2000 , pp . 592–595 , ISBN 3-7913-2405-5 Rathgeb , Markus : Otl Aicher - Design as a method of action . PhD thesis at The University of Reading , 2001
. PhD thesis at The University of Reading , 2001 Rathgeb , Markus : Otl Aicher . Phaidon Press , 2006 , ISBN 0714843962 . ( Monograph )
A Republican political operative committed suicide days after telling the Wall Street Journal he had worked with Russian hackers to acquire Hillary Clinton 's missing emails , it was revealed Thursday .
The Chicago Tribune reported that 81-year-old Peter W. Smith killed himself in a Minnesota hotel room in May by putting a bag over his head and filling it with helium . He left behind numerous documents , including an apparent suicide note in which he said he was in poor health and his life insurance was running out , the Tribune reported .
About 10 days before , Smith had granted an interview with the Journal , in which he detailed his efforts to uncover the 33,000 deleted Clinton emails in 2016 . Smith told the Journal he had found several hacker groups , including two from Russia , who claimed to have access to the emails , but he was unable to confirm their authenticity .
In his hunt for the emails , Smith reportedly implied he was working with Michael Flynn , then a campaign adviser to Donald Trump , though he later told the Journal that Flynn was not involved . Flynn was forced out as national security adviser in February after being caught in a series of lies .
The cause of Smith 's death had previously been a mystery , though it was widely assumed he had died of natural causes . The hotel where his body was found is located near the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn .
In a note , Smith said his death involved “ NO FOUL PLAY WHATSOEVER ” and that he was ending his life because of “ RECENT BAD TURN IN HEALTH SINCE JANUARY , 2017 ” and “ TO LIFE INSURANCE OF $ 5 MILLION EXPIRING , ” the Tribune reported .
A medical examiner 's report listed the cause of death as “ asphyxiation due to displacement of oxygen in confined space with helium. ” A helium tank was reportedly found in his room .
Smith was a longtime Republican donor from Chicago , and for years financed opposition research against former President Bill Clinton .
It 's shocking that stalking conservatives to intimidate or harm them is actually happening in 2017 . Several instances of stalking and threatening behavior have been reported by conservatives on campus at UC Berkeley . The latest reported by Campus Reform is a series of tweets telling where to stalk a group of campus Republicans having dinner .
Naweed Tahmas , the vice president of the Berkeley College Republicans , also condemned the actions of Antifa while noting that intimidation “ will not stop us . ”
“ Conservatives in Berkeley are routinely targeted , harassed , and stalked , ” he told Campus Reform . “ Knowing that they have sympathizers within both the city administration and university administration , leftist groups will continue to target conservatives as they know there are no consequences to their actions .
“ It has become socially acceptable in Berkeley to physically beat someone for being a conservative , ” Tahmas added . “ In fact , it is even encouraged . ”
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : OSCARS 2019 : A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [ Video ]
Do you ever feel uneasy when you express conservative beliefs ? Do you feel afraid if you wear political attire like a Trump MAGA hat ? We 'd like to know if you 've ever had a bad experience while showing your conservatism .
The left has been so successful at hijacking the narrative on what it means to be conservative . They 've been screaming that conservatives are Nazis and white supremacists . Do you see what they 're doing ? They 're trying to shame you into being afraid to announce your conservative views that are nothing close to being anything but devoted to small government , lower taxes and freedom…
THE VIDEO BELOW IS FRIGHTENING AND IS WHAT 'S BECOME OF OUR FREEDOM OF SPEECH :
Ashton Whitty , a UC Berkeley student who was stalked by Antifa because of her conservative views joined Fox News to discuss the state of Free Speech on Campuses in America . She 's joined by Troy Worden , the College Republicans President at UC Berkeley .
THREATENING AND STALKING ? IS THIS WHAT THE DEMOCRATS STAND FOR ?
I saw this on reddit the other day and it almost made me weep that people can be so fucking stupid .
How do you cram so many shit arguments into 508×657 pixels ? It would be impressive if not in the service of rank ignorance .
Ok , away we go . We 'll start with what the kid is saying :
Mister Dawkins , I made this clay pony . His clay eyes and ear ca n't see me , but here I am .
That 's great , kid . And you 're right : because we ca n't detect something does n't mean it is n't there . But it also means that you do n't have a good reason to believe it 's there . What 's more , think of all the hypothetical things you ca n't detect : flesh-eating invisible pizzas hiding under your bed , juggling heat-resistant smurfs in the middle of the sun , etc . There are all kinds of hypothetical invisible things we can invent , and while we ca n't know for sure they 're not out there we can be sure enough that you do n't believe in them .
What 's more , imagine you made your clay pony with the ability to feel pain , and then you made a furnace into which you were going to throw it forever if it did n't believe in you ( regardless of how kind it was to other ponies ) …and then you made its eyes and ears incapable of detecting you . You 'd be an sadist , a psycho , and an asshole .
What 's more , what you said does n't rebut what the hypothetical Dr. Dawkins said . He points out that if everything has a creator , god would also need one . You respond that you made the pony , but you have a creator . Way to miss the point kid ( who is really the adult cartoonist who should know better ) .
As for the sign in Dawkins ' clay that reads :
Do not touch , pony evolving .
Apparently making commentary on shit you do n't understand is awesome in Christianity . I think I 'll go lecture the entire community of physicists and then walk around demanding 10 % of everybody 's income .
The argument is that without intelligent hands nothing happens to clay , which is true ( save for it getting hard and brittle , all without god doing anything ) . So what ? Clay is not made out of molecules that self-replicate . That makes it very unlike DNA . If you have a self-replicating molecule ( which requires no appeal to god ) , all you need is reproduction , mutation , and some form of selection for it to produce increased functionality over time . That is exactly the environment in which we find ourselves .
Pointing out that clay does n't evolve to disprove evolution is like pointing to lawnmower 's inability to inhibit rainfall as proof that umbrellas do n't work .
NOTHING x 4.6 billion years = EVERYTHING
It is the believer 's premise that there was ever a state of nothingness , they should be obliged to defend it . Any explanation for how god can be eternal can be applied to matter , which makes god an unnecessary part of that equation .
And yes , over billions of years things change . Hydrogen has time to be converted to stars , stars have time to collapse , self-replicating molecules have time to form and then more time to evolve .
If I believe it does n't exist , I HATE IT
We 're to believe that people like Dawkins ( and myself ) are n't miffed with religion because of the harm its doctrine causes , but just because we arbitrarily hate everything we do n't think exists . It 's a funny thing though , I doubt Dr. Dawkins believe in faeries , or leprechauns , or unicorns , etc. , but I 've not heard him say a single word about hating those things .
Hey , maybe he hates that some people try to make rules and force other humans to live by them based not on compassion but rather what a particular group of people from 2,000+ years ago said we should do . Do you think that could be it ? Maybe he thinks the gullibility thrust upon children with threats of hell slows down human progress and creates unnecessary suffering in the world and , brace yourself , Dr. Dawkins finds indoctrinated gullibility and suffering unappealing because he cares about the world !
The last thing on the board was :
I have no value .
If you think people and things have no value except for when god says they do , you 're a shallow fucking person . Does the cartoonist believe that Richard Dawkins believes he has no value ? If so he 's a bigger idiot than whoever wrote Exodus ( which is saying something ) .
Do you value honesty ? Awesome ! You do n't need god for that or to value honest people .
Do you value kindness ? Awesome ! You do n't need god for that or to value kind people .
In a world without god , we determine what we find valuable in people based on the content of their character . It is in this way that a lying Christian can mean less to us that a compassionate and honest atheist , even though by Christian logic the noble atheist gets punished forever while the shitty Christian get rewarded . Which prompts me to ask if you value justice and fairness . If so , you 'll only find it at the hands of human beings . You wo n't get any from the Christian god .
And just for shits and giggles I looked up the bible verse , Luke 17:1-2 :
Jesus said to his disciples : “ Things that cause people to stumble are bound to come , but woe to anyone through whom they come . It would be better for them to be thrown into the sea with a millstone tied around their neck than to cause one of these little ones to stumble .
It 's worth pointing out that just a few sentences later we hear that those with even an iota of faith can pull trees out by their roots and throw them into the sea ( Luke 17:6 ) and the idea that slaves should obey their masters ( Luke 17:7-9 ) . Yeah , woe to the people convincing children that 's a bunch of bullshit and that science is better than superstition . If god is the type who rewards people for eschewing science , dishonestly representing their opponents , and convincing children to do the same , even if that god exists he 's unworthy of humankind .
But when you 're dealing with people who are told that a guy rose from the dead and walked on water and if you do n't believe it you burn forever and they nod their heads and say “ That sounds reasonable , ” it 's hardly surprising when they read a comic like this one and say “ Yeah , that 's exactly what Richard Dawkins says ! And clay does n't evolve , so how could live things ? ” The problem is that a lot of people do n't give a shit about what is true , they 're just giving a shit about being convinced they 're right . It 's a way to feel smart without all the hard work required to learn .
After several quarters of slumping sales , Chipotle has some sweet news for loyal fans .
On Tuesday , the Mexican Grill released details on its previously announced new dessert menu item . Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold told Business Insider that the chain will start serving buñuelos , a classic Mexican treat , nationwide in May .
So what exactly is a buñuelo ?
It starts with one main ingredient that the chain already keeps in droves—tortillas . They 're deep fried , tossed in cinnamon and sugar , topped with honey , and will be served with a caramel apple dipping sauce .
The item is the chain 's first foray into the sweets category .
The news comes amid a troubling announcement that the company recently discovered “ unauthorized activity ” within the network that supports its restaurant payment systems .
Though the chain did not specify whether the alleged breach compromised point-of-sale systems nationwide , or was confined to a specific location , Chipotle says its investigation—which is ongoing—believes that it most likely affected credit card transactions that occurred from March 24 through April 18 of this year .
While the chain continues to investigate the situation , it is advising all customers to thoroughly check their credit card statements .
However , Chipotle also said Tuesday that same-store restaurant sales actually rose almost 18 percent during the first three months of the year , a big turnaround for the company , which has faced months of declining sales after a wave of foodborne illnesses rocked restaurants around the country in 2015 .
Opinion : Norwegian Golden Eagle Cull
By Tormod Amundsen
It is with disbelief that I write about the fact that the Norwegian government have decided to start a test program on culling Golden Eagles . Even though this is a test project limited to two smaller regions in central and northern Norway there is no positive outcome of this program .
Golden Eagle . ( © Lars Lofaldi/BirdLife Norway )
Substantial research from Norway and other countries confirm that there is little to no correlation between the Golden Eagles population density and number of sheep or reindeer in a region . The facts are that the Golden Eagles account for less than 2 % of sheep and less than 4-6 % of the Reindeer that die in the nature before they are butchered . Stray dogs , falling over , drowning , cars , trains and disease are variables that make the real impact .
Culling Golden Eagles to an extent where it would have an effect of the sheep / Reindeer population would essentially mean eradicating them from entire parts of the country . That is not going to happen . What is happening now is simply symbolic policy where the only result is incredibly bad PR for Norway and several lives of our precious Golden Eagles lost . For what ? To save a very few sheep , of which we have 2.3 million of ?
The story of Golden and White-tailed Eagles in Norway is a conservation success story . Both species was heavily hunted and nearly lost from the Norwegian fauna , until they were protected in 1968 . Since then both species have recovered well . Golden Eagles seem to have stabilized at a population of slightly less than 1000 pairs . I can understand a local politician or a local farmer making the argument of killing Golden ( but I do not agree ! ) , but our members of parliament , in charge of running the country , have a much bigger task , and the numbers should speak for themselves .
There is room for 1000 pairs of Golden Eagles in Norway . Perhaps the sustainability of 2,300000 sheep is what we should be discussing . Rather than addressing the 5 % of the cause of sheep / Reindeer death in nature we should make an effort to tackle the 95 % of the reasons for unwanted sheep / Reindeer deaths ? !
I now see the talks of boycotting Norway . I completely understand the anger , disbelief and frustration in a very large international community of birders and nature conservationists . Where the rest of Europe is struggling to maintain a sense of intact and rich nature , it surely seems ignorant to a disturbing level that Norway is treating its birdlife so poorly .
I do not believe in boycotting , but rather making our voices heard . There are way too many politicians in Norway who seem to live in bubble of their own . Their world has not yet become global . And the answer here is not to isolate them more . Narrowmindedness can only be cured with information and voicing your opinion . Simply the fact that the immense negative PR effect this proposal has for Norway should have been reason enough to stay far away from the bad idea of culling eagles .
Luckily Norway is moving forward and where usually just a hard core group of conservationists would stand up and argue , we now see that even big parties like the Norwegian Commerce Organisation ( NHO ) is making a stand against this proposal . The logic is clear : Norway´s brand slogan is ´powered by nature´ , and huge areas of intact nature , unspoilt scenery is incredibly valuable to Norway and its economy . Sure there are a thousand of things we do wrong in Norway , but there are also thousands things we do right .
To our politicians in Norway : How about we just stop doing plain and simple stupid things , then lets work towards making the positives outnumber the negatives . It would be good for both economy and ecology .
How you can help
How to react to this ? Make your voice heard : The best way to go about this case is to make your voice heard . Like mentioned : too many Norwegian politicians need to realise the international impact of their actions . In Norway we have a prime minister who have been ranked the most available of all PMs in Europe . It is a fact that many Norwegians are proud of . We aim for a democratic and informed debate where your voice matters . When our politicians fail to see the global picture we need your help and wake-up call .
On twitter you will find prime minister Erna Solberg @ erna_solberg and our minister of climate- and environment , Vidar Helgesen @ VidarHelgesen . When the nature conservation community is overheard in Norway it would certainly help with a global voice . Do make your opinion heard .
Tormod Amundsen
Architect ( M.Arch ) & birder
Vardø , Norway
www.biotope.no
8 Jun 2016
Write for Rare Bird Alert
Do you have a birding story or opinion piece you would like to share ? From foreign birding trips to your local patch , finders accounts and more , we would love to hear from you .
All our articles are free for anyone to view and we include them in our weekly newsletter which goes out to thousands of birders every Wednesday . We also share them on our Twitter and Facebook pages , making sure your article will get read by as many people as possible .
If you would like to write an article please please get in touch with your ideas , thank you .
The RBA team
President Donald Trump with Neil Gorsuch at the White House on January 31 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Though he has often touted his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , President Donald Trump once expressed doubts about his loyalty and suggested rescinding the nomination , The Washington Post reported Monday .
Gorsuch , whom Trump nominated to take the late Justice Antonin Scalia 's seat on the Supreme Court , in February was widely reported to have told Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut that he found Trump 's criticisms about the federal judiciary `` disheartening '' and `` demoralizing . ''
Following reports of Gorsuch 's comments , The Post said , citing a source with knowledge of the discussions , Trump spoke about rescinding his nomination and expressed worry that he would not be `` loyal . '' The Post said it interviewed 11 people familiar with the episode , one of whom said it was `` clear '' that Trump was `` very upset '' with Gorsuch 's comments .
The comments came amid Trump 's rants about a federal judge , who shut down his travel ban that prevented people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the US .
`` Just can not believe a judge would put our country in such peril , '' Trump said on Twitter in February . `` If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in . Bad ! ''
The Post described a meeting with top Republican leaders in which it said Trump assailed Gorsuch and said , `` He 's probably going to end up being a liberal like the rest of them . ''
The Post , citing White House officials , also said Trump was upset that Gorsuch did not appear to be sufficiently grateful for his nomination . Though Gorsuch wrote a handwritten letter dated March 2 thanking Trump for the nomination , Trump did not see it until eight days later , The Post reported .
`` Your address to Congress was magnificent , '' Gorsuch said in his letter , according to The Post . `` And you were so kind to recognize Mrs. Scalia , remember the justice , and mention me . My teenage daughters were cheering the TV ! ''
White House officials publicly denied that Gorsuch 's nomination was in jeopardy , and The Post acknowledged that Trump could have just been venting frustration without seriously considering pulling the nomination . `` The president 's nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch was among his first and most important accomplishments during his first year in office , and delivered on a major campaign promise , '' the White House spokesman Raj Shah said in a statement to The Post . `` At no point did the president consider withdrawing Justice Gorsuch 's nomination . He is very proud of the accomplishment . ''
Several videos have been posted today at The Rebel showing how two Black Lives Matter activists took over a lecture by Breitbart editor , Milo Yiannopoulos , at DePaul University in Chicago and security did nothing at all . Yet the videographer who had full permission to be there , was jailed for refusing to stop filming .
First , the worst 30 minutes of the activists ' take-over of the event .
So now we know who was not arrested for what they did do which richly deserved arrest , along perhaps with expulsion and an order never to come back on campus again .
Now the story of the man who had full permission to film the event , and was arrested and jailed overnight for refusing to stop .
From Breitbart :
A reporter attempting to capture footage of Milo Yiannopoulos ' event that was cut short at DePaul University in Chicago was arrested and jailed for the night after refusing to stop filming . Jeremy Segal , a filmmaker , former Breitbart contributor , and founder of the video news site Rebel Pundit , was attempting to film the event which he described as an important opportunity to get footage for his film . “ As I was following the protests , I was followed by an administrator who was trying to get campus security to make me leave . They would n't allow me to enter the room where the event was happening , ” he told Breitbart News .
As is common in the process of creeping totalitarianism , the acts which should concern us go unchecked . But the people who try and inform us that these acts which threaten our freedoms take place , they will be punished .
Previous posts on Milo 's event posted today at The Rebel :
Video of the entire event :
Article dealing with the crucial 25 minutes :
UPDATE :
The second stage crasher , the dancing black girl has been identified !
According to Breitbart :
The second lead protester at last night 's event at DePaul University has been identified as Kayla Johnson , the daughter of Juanita Johnson , who serves as the Chicago Police Department 's Director of Administration .
Could this be why they were not arrested ?
You 'll know you have arrived at John Waters ' Christmas party when you see the wreath of thorns .
Ricky the doorman — he 's worked this party for 25 years — will not let you past the heavy wooden door unless your name is on the list . You might be able to bring a plus-one . But only one . Waters does not like strangers snooping around his home in Tuscany-Canterbury .
Politicians , actors , old neighbors from Reservoir Hill , childhood friends from Lutherville , sexy bartenders and waiters and party kids are on the list . Of course , all the Dreamlanders , the core of friends who made Waters ' films , are there . So are some of the parolees Waters taught while they were in prison .
Once a former convict and the judge who sent him to jail stood around the banquet table together .
`` I never disinvite people , and every year I invite new people , '' says Waters . `` So for a couple hours , it 's a little too crowded . ''
Waters has been throwing parties on the Saturday before Christmas for about half a century , since the days when his guests brought thrift-store gifts for everyone else in the room and were too hyped up on speed to eat .
These days , there will be a massive spread— ahi tuna with wasabi creme fraiche , teriyaki grilled flank steak , sushi , antipasto — all sorts of delicacies carefully chosen by Waters and caterer Sascha Wolhandler .
First , though , Waters , 67 , will snap your photo with his boxy Fuji camera . He is the only one allowed to take photos at the party .
`` I take a picture of everyone who has ever been in this house , '' Waters says . `` It 's my diary . It 's very revealing if you have a picture of everyone who has ever been in your house and do n't destroy some of them . ''
Then you will pass through the hall , past the electric chair that fries Dawn Davenport in `` Female Trouble , '' a film which also has a memorable Christmas scene .
The chair is tricked out with twinkle lights and garlands and plastic bones and a pillow bearing the image of Divine , Waters ' late muse and friend who played Davenport . There are the traditional needlepoints crafted by Waters ' 89-year-old mother and an ornament featuring a brawny , bare-chested Santa seductively lacing his boots .
This is John Waters ' Christmas .
`` All I ever wanted for Christmas is sticks and stones . I never got them as a child , and I tried , '' says Waters . `` I want glamorous ones , handmade ones . ''
The man who brought us `` Serial Mom '' and `` Polyester '' and that infamous scene at the end of `` Pink Flamingos '' ca n't get enough of the sappiest time of the year .
He starts designing his Christmas card in the summer . He has come out with a Christmas album . He has penned a paean to the holiday that mentions heroin and shoplifting and the eros of Santa . And for more than a dozen years , Waters has cast himself as a sort of Christmas shrink , traveling the country with his one-man show .
The flash and dazzle of the holiday has fascinated Waters since a childhood party when he recognized the man in the Santa suit .
`` I could see it was the man next door , '' he says . `` Even as a child , I thought , 'There 's Mr . So-and-so . ' ''
The tension between appearance and reality captivates Waters . Trompe l'oeil objects fill his home : a battered cardboard box that is a cleverly painted porcelain vase , a realistic hamburger by the lamp , a spread of artificial sushi glistening with plastic roe .
The contrasts of Christmas — the lofty ideals and the flaccid lawn ornaments pooled in the slush — intrigue him .
`` I liked Christmas '' as a child , he says . `` And I still like it for real . But I understand how some people hate it . It 's an emotional time of year . ''
This year , Waters is slated to speak to audiences in 10 cities , including Chicago , New York , and , of course , Baltimore , about his crush on Alvin the chipmunk , Divine 's purloined presents and how to spend time with your family without losing your mind .
`` If you go home and it 's abusive , bring a verbal abuse whistle , '' recommends Waters . `` If anyone says anything abusive , everyone blows a whistle . ''
Waters is sort of Baltimore 's gay uncle with the scandalous past , the one everyone wants to sit next to at dinner , except that great-aunt who has n't spoken to him since 1973 .
He relishes pointing out the absurd . Manger scenes with real babies , for example .
`` Who would let their child be Baby Jesus when there 's straw in there and mules and fire ? '' says Waters . `` I 'm always secretly obsessed with living creches and spy on them . If you see someone crouched down , it 's moi , because I do n't want to be recognized and I do n't want to ruin the people 's night , but something about it is very scary to me . Very scary . ''
And , despite his predilection for the tasteless , Waters has strong opinions on what constitutes good taste .
`` To me , the worst-taste decorations are the inflatable ones , '' he says . `` Those look really pitiful the next day . A slush-covered lawn with a deflated Christmas thing — that 's the perfect Diane Arbus shot . ''
If you are one of the 100 or so people on Waters ' Christmas list , expect a present personally selected by Waters . Nothing too lavish .
`` It 's not about going out and spending a lot of money , '' he says . `` If you do , that 's an insult . ''
Books make the best gift , says Waters , whose North Baltimore home is lined with stacks of books . Some of his favorite shops are Atomic Books , the Hampden store where for years his mail has been delivered , Normal 's in Waverly and Royal Books on 25th Street .
And do n't give gift cards . At least not to anyone you actually like .
`` It just means they think you 're stupid and you have no interests , or you 're too lazy to look , '' he says . Restaurant gift cards are acceptable . He would n't mind receiving a gift card to Peter 's Inn in Fells Point , his favorite restaurant .
Or you could make him an ornament . Fans and friends have sent him all kinds of crazy decorations — a birdhouse modeled after the Unabomber 's boarded-up cabin , a bedazzled antler , a bust of John Travolta as Edna Turnblad in `` Hairspray '' ( 2007 ) .
`` Go through your family albums , find the ugliest photos of your relatives and make balls , '' Waters says .
One artist made a glittering depiction of the Christmas scene in `` Female Trouble '' in which Divine 's character , enraged after her parents fail to give her cha-cha heels , knocks the tree onto her mother and stomps on the presents .
The scene was inspired by the time the tree actually fell on Waters ' grandmother . Not because of a teenage temper tantrum , though .
Han via NaverArticle talks about SM 's new open member boy group NCT , the TV show 'Produce 101 ' with 101 trainees , and the boy group 'Boy 24 ' who will holding a live performance every single day for 365 days , and how all of these new ' k-pop projects ' show a shift in the direction of the idol music industry and how much more important the consumer has become.One thing all of these projects have in common is that the consumer is now a 'producer ' who is directly responsible for the group . Members who are n't popular in NCT will ultimately be relegated out and replaced with another member that has a chance at earning popularity.The viewers of 'Produce 101 ' are 100 % responsible for voting who gets to achieve their dream in the final 11.The members of 'Boy 24 ' will be decided by whom the public votes in and out . Fans of specific members will be responsible for buying tickets to watch their favorite member on the day they 're performing ( which is why they 're performing 365 days a year ) and securing that member better opportunities and stages through their support.The article ultimately questions whether the public and fans should be able to hold as much power as a producer and whether all of this competition in this new era of the idol industry is healthy at all. -- -- -- 1 . [ +353 , -7 ] I turn on the TV to escape from the crushing competitiveness of real life but instead TV shows are now a reflection of how competitive reality is and it makes me uncomfortable . Sometimes I just want to watch a TV show that makes me laugh without having to think.2 . [ +242 , -2 ] There are 125 trainees and it just makes me realize that there are a lot of people in this country who want to become celebrities ... 3 . [ +223 , -4 ] I still ca n't believe everything 's being decided on a popularity vote .. 4 . [ +159 , -13 ] People will only be opposed to such a system at first calling it a copy cat of Japan 's idol system but I honestly think it will become a standard soon ... Five years ago , we never thought we 'd have idol groups in school uniforms earn the kind of popularity they have now . Back then , people would think you 're copying Japanese idol groups and put you down for it but it 's so common now and groups with school uniform concepts have huge fandoms . Eventually , this entire system of having huge amounts of members on rotation will become normal in Korea too.5 . [ +25 , -2 ] I , too , question whether all of this is right in the end6 . [ +22 , -1 ] All of this just feels like agencies think of this as one huge video game and these idols are video game characters . Not an ounce of care about musicality in any of this . These companies do not care at all about producing music that touches hearts but instead about getting attention for competitive gimmicks.7 . [ +23 , -2 ] The fact that these companies think it 's okay to put these young children in such a cruel and competitive environment ... all for what ? For themselves to make money ? 8 . [ +21 , -2 ] So in the end , none of these kids get to debut no matter how talented they are if they are n't popular with their fans9 . [ +10 , -0 ] These projects like to say that it 's up to the public to decide who gets opportunities but if you actually watch the TV shows , they 're edited in a way that you can tell they 've already decided who the winners will be and they 're just trying to persuade you during the entire show to vote for them . There are a few faces on 'Produce 101 ' that get way more screentime than normal.10 . [ +9 , -0 ] All of this is horrible , just another method of turning children with dreams into robots . These kids are being treated like nothing more than paper cups by their companies . Used once and thrown away .
The number of women served by a state women 's health program has dropped by one-quarter since the Texas Legislature excluded Planned Parenthood from participating , according to state data released this week .
According to a biennial report released Tuesday by the Health and Human Services Commission , the number of women served by the Texas Women 's Health Program dropped from about 115,000 in fiscal year 2011 to approximately 86,000 in 2013 .
The Texas Women 's Health Program was created as a substitute to the federally funded Medicaid Women 's Health Program , which was zeroed out after state GOP lawmakers excluded Planned Parenthood from the program in 2011 .
The Texas Women 's Health Program covers annual exams , birth control , cancer screenings and STD tests for low-income women ages 18 to 44 who are not pregnant but would be eligible for Medicaid should they get pregnant . Money for the program comes entirely from the state of Texas , to the tune of $ 36 million per year—the same funding level as the defunct federal program . The Legislature requires the Health and Human Services Commission to report on the program 's performance every two years .
Utilization of services through the Texas Women 's Health Program decreased across the state , except in the upper Rio Grande Valley . West Texas saw the greatest decrease in women served , a 63 percent decline between 2011 and 2013 . The report also shows that fewer women received birth control through the program over the same time period .
In 2011 , along with excluding Planned Parenthood from the Medicaid Women 's Health Program , the Legislature slashed nearly $ 70 million from the family planning budget , which provided contraception , Pap smears and cancer screenings to low-income women . The budget cuts led to the closure of more than 50 family planning clinics , which also serve patients through the Texas Women 's Health Program . Some clinics have reopened and in 2013 lawmakers restored funding for family planning to pre-2011 levels .
But the report released on Tuesday suggests that the decrease in providers and clinics could be playing a role in fewer women being served . Anna Chatillon , policy coordinator with the Texas Women 's Healthcare Coalition , which represents dozens of health care advocacy groups , public policy organizations and health providers , attributes the drop in women served to the dramatic cuts to a related state family planning program .
“ We lost a lot of the providers with the massive cuts in 2011 , that 's one big piece of it , ” she said . “ It really devastated the safety net . ”
Women may be unable to make longer trips to remaining clinics ; there may be longer waiting times ; and clinics that used to provide services for free are now charging . Chatillon and other experts say that the issue needs a lot more study to know for sure .
The report does n't count women who have been served by Planned Parenthood in the last year . Linda Edward Gockel , a Health and Human Services Commission spokesperson , wrote in an email to the Observer that the agency “ had recruited enough providers to serve the women enrolled , but many women chose to stay with Planned Parenthood . ”
However , as the report shows , when women do receive family planning services through the Texas Women 's Health Program , the state saves money . The report estimates that the state will save $ 38.1 million in avoided Medicaid-funded births .
The Senate Finance Committee has been meeting this week to put final touches on its version of the budget . On Tuesday , the committee approved a $ 50 million increase in funding for women 's health services . State Sen. Jane Nelson ( R-Flower Mound ) , who served as the chair of the Senate Health and Human Services Committee when the Legislature approved the 2011 cuts and is now chief Senate budget writer , said in a written statement to the Observer that with this session 's funding increase , Texas is “ headed in the right direction on women 's health . ”
“ Our goals this session are to strengthen family planning , improve education , make the system easier to navigate and ensure statewide coverage , ” she said .
The House will debate its version of the budget next week , which includes a $ 20 million increase in women 's health services .
There are several steps to take if you are pulled over by the police to make the traffic stop go more smoothly and avoid extra charges .
When you are first pulled over : Pull over as close to the curb as possible as quickly and as safely as possible . This lets the officer know you are complying with his or her demands and that you are not trying to flee . Roll down your window all the way , turn off your engine and have your hands in clear view . If it is night time turn on your interior lights .
Roll down your window all the way , turn off your engine and have your hands in clear view . If it is night time turn on your interior lights . While talking to the officer : Always be polite , even if the officer is acting aggressive . Do not reach for your license or other documents until the officer asks you to do so . Officers are trained to watch out for people digging for things and for all they know you may be reaching for a weapon .
Always be polite , even if the officer is acting aggressive . Do not reach for your license or other documents until the officer asks you to do so . Officers are trained to watch out for people digging for things and for all they know you may be reaching for a weapon . Do n't give the officer a reason to search your car . Although police officers are not normally allowed to search your car without permission during traffic stops it is easy to give them a reason to do so . Be calm , do not reach for anything unless asked by the officer , and do n't move stuff around or throw anything out the window . These actions may be considered probable cause to search your vehicle . If anyone in your car is arrested the officer may search the vehicle , and if you as the driver are arrested your vehicle may be towed to do an inventory search .
Although police officers are not normally allowed to search your car without permission during traffic stops it is easy to give them a reason to do so . Be calm , do not reach for anything unless asked by the officer , and do n't move stuff around or throw anything out the window . These actions may be considered probable cause to search your vehicle . If anyone in your car is arrested the officer may search the vehicle , and if you as the driver are arrested your vehicle may be towed to do an inventory search . If you are asked to exit your vehicle do so calmly and only when asked by the officer . Do not make any sudden movements or reach for anything in your car or pockets . The officer may legally pat you down for weapons and if they notice anything suspicious they may retrieve it .
do so calmly and only when asked by the officer . Do not make any sudden movements or reach for anything in your car or pockets . The officer may legally pat you down for weapons and if they notice anything suspicious they may retrieve it . When talking to the officer do not give them more information than they ask for . If they ask if you know why you have been pulled over politely say no and ask why they pulled you over . Any admissions can be used against you in court . Silence is not an admission of guilt and can not be used against you .
If you are charged with any crime or infraction when pulled over by the police including traffic tickets or DWIs you should hire an experienced traffic lawyer to help you on your case . Call Traffic Law Stop today at ( 314 ) 644-7102 .
Anton Karlsson is someone to watch for Coyotes fans
So , for those of you who do n't follow me that closely , I 've been fangirling like crazy over Max Domi for the last few weeks .
He 's set to lead Team Canada in this winter 's World Junior Championship — although he does n't wear a captain 's letter , Domi has been one of Team Canada 's most consistent producers leading up to the start of the tournament . He averages around 2.18 PPG in the OHL as captain of the London Knights , and that has seamlessly translated to high point production on a top line with Sam Reinhart and Anthony Duclair in Connor McDavid 's brief absence from Canada 's lineup .
While going through the finalized rosters , though , I came across a player who might be as much fun to watch as Domi — and , if you 're a physical play kind of fan , might be even more fun .
That 's Anton Karlsson .
Of no relation to Erik Karlsson of the Ottawa Senators ( but the younger brother of Erik Karlsson of the Carolina Hurricanes , just so we all stay confused from here on out ) , Anton Karlsson was drafted 87th overall by the Arizona Coyotes in this last NHL Entry draft . He 's currently skating around in Europe , playing with Frolunda in Sweden 's monstrous hockey development system .
While he may never be the kind of point producer that Domi is , though , he was considered to be a lock for Team Sweden at these particular WJC — something that was news to me , since I do n't really follow Swedish hockey . Maybe I should , actually .
Anyways .
One of the biggest concerns surrounding Domi 's bff in Portland , Henrik Samuelsson , has been his skating ability — unsurprising for such a big skater .
At 6-foot-1 and 194lbs , though , Karlsson has made it clear to all watching that he has no issues with his skating ability or speed — and to top it all off , he really likes to hit people .
I 'm not kidding : this is a literal quote from Hockey 's Future , where they rank Karlsson fourth on the list of the top 5 biggest hitters we should expect to see in the NHL soon .
Anton Karlsson loves to hit people . He 'll hit anything that moves . It 's not that out of the ordinary to see a shift where he racks two , three , even four hits ; it 's like he 's playing NHL '15 in real life .
Karlsson is projected to be a fifteen-goal scorer in coming seasons , which is n't all that high… and he 's a little known for being so eager to behave ‘ like a crash-test dummy ' that he tends to get out of position on plays . He 's only seventeen , though… and if Team Sweden thinks he 's good enough to make their stacked IIHF WJC roster , then he 's clearly got some promise .
Team Sweden is considered a favorite to medal at the games this winter , so expect to get a good long glimpse at Karlsson as we head into the new year . He plays a pretty strong North American style of game , so prospect analysts consider him a lock to make the Coyotes roster sooner rather than later .
Did I mention he 's only seventeen ?
He 's projected to play a more refined role in the NHL than Nick Ritchie or Nikita Zadorov , so Coyotes fans can be excited that this is n't just another B.J . Crombeen waiting to work his way up into the lineup . Patience might be the recipe with this one — but with smaller guys like Joe Vitale , Max Domi , Tobias Rieder , and Lucas Lessio looking to play strong roles in the coming seasons , Karlsson might become a household name sooner than we think .
Might want to skip the double smoked bacon breakfast sandwich next time you decide to get your caffeine fix at Starbucks . Fast food breakfast meats could be fueling the growing threat of antibiotic-resistant bacteria , which the World Health Organization states is `` an increasingly serious threat to global public health . ''
DoubleSmokedBaconSandwich ? ? # Narino70 # ColdBrew ? ? Making a list that wo n't make sense once lunch is done ? ?
On Tuesday , Starbucks and Dunkin ' Donuts earned Fs on the annual `` Chain Reaction '' Report , a collaboration between groups including the Consumers Union ( a division of Consumer Reports ) and the Center for Food Safety . The report details the use of antibiotic-free meat and poultry at 25 top chain restaurants . Other restaurants that received Fs included Chili 's , Domino 's , Olive Garden , Applebee 's , Denny 's , KFC and IHOP .
The report notes that Starbucks and Dunkin ' Donuts do not serve any meat produced without routine use of antibiotics and were not fully transparent about their practices .
Hot damn , even McDonald 's outscored the two chains . Mickey D 's earned a C+ , earning points for being transparent and serving antibiotic-free meat as a portion of all the meat it serves .
Top of the class : Chipotle and Panera earned As . The chains racked up points by having good policies across all meats ( chicken , turkey , pork , beef ) and being transparent about their practices . Panera has been outspoken about its choice to serve mostly antibiotic-free meat ( and grass-fed where possible ) and Chipotle states it does n't use non-therapeutic drugs or synthetic hormones for its livestock .
Why consumers should care about antibiotics in meat
Roughly 80 % of the antibiotics sold in the United States are used on animals , the Natural Resources Defense Council noted , explaining that the drugs are frequently used to increase growth in animals and help them survive in dirty , crowded conditions .
But there 's harm in giving low-level doses to animals day after day . `` Leading health experts agree that the intensive use of antibiotics in animal agriculture is a key culprit in the rise of antibiotic-resistant infections in humans , posing a serious threat to human health , '' the NRDC stated .
The threat of antibiotic resistance is so real , world leaders are meeting in New York City at the United Nations this week to discuss solutions , the Washington Post reported .
Superbugs , watch your back . Health issues rarely make it onto the U.N. General Assembly 's agenda — the summit on antibiotic use is only the fourth health concern on world leaders ' attention in this forum . ( Previous issues included Ebola in 2014 , chronic illness in 2011 and HIV/AIDS in 2001 , the Washington Post noted . )
Consumer demand for antibiotic-free food increases
Luckily , consumers have n't waited around for the UN to enact change . Around 60 % of consumers said they would pay more for antibiotic-free meat , Consumer Reports found .
The chains might want to pay attention : Transitioning to antibiotic-free meat might not be a huge economic burden in the long run , anyway . An investigation of poultry prices before and after the antibiotics ban in Denmark revealed that farmers experienced no net cost changes because the price of extra livestock feed was negated by the savings from not purchasing antibiotics , NRDC noted .
`` Our animal welfare policy prohibits suppliers from using antibiotics in healthy animals , '' Christine Riley Miller , senior director of corporate social responsibility for Dunkin ' Brands , said in an email , noting that all Dunkin ' items meet the requirements of the FDA and USDA .
Starbucks noted the company is having ongoing conversations about antibiotic use but has not released a timeline . `` We are working with our suppliers to address concerns about antibiotic use and seeing progress as many in the industry have focused on the issue , '' Starbucks spokesperson Sanja Gould said in an email . `` We continue to support the responsible use of antibiotics for animal health and are sharing our perspective with our suppliers . ''
Sept. 20 , 3:20 p.m. : This story has been updated .
The Urawa Reds have vowed to stop Jubilo Iwata 's prolific striker Ryoichi Maeda from scoring his first goal of the season Saturday , but played down his `` goal of death '' J-League relegation jinx .
Japan 's forward Ryoichi Maeda celebrates after scoring a goal against Saudi Arabia in the Asian Cup in Doha on January 17 , 2011 . The Urawa Reds have vowed to stop Jubilo Iwata striker Maeda from scoring his first goal of the season Saturday , but played down his `` goal of death '' J-League relegation jinx .
For six straight years , whichever team Maeda has scored his first league goal against has gone on to be relegated , including 2008 Asian champions Gamba Osaka who fell from the top flight for the first time last year .
Maeda , the league 's 2009 and 2010 top scorer , has yet to hit the net after four rounds of the current March-December season and Urawa Reds players said they would do everything to stop the 31-year-old at the home game .
`` Finally , the moment of truth has come , '' Urawa defender Ryota Moriwaki told Japanese media during training on Thursday . `` I am all set to deny him a goal against Urawa as well . ''
However , there is another statistic that may play in Urawa 's favour even if Maeda does score .
In 2005 , two years before the goal jinx began , he scored his season 's first in a 2-2 draw with Urawa , with the Reds going on to win the prestigious domestic Emperor 's Cup tournament for the first time in 25 years .
`` I did n't know about that . Then let 's have him score a goal and make it a good year , '' Moriwaki , who turns 27 on Saturday , joked .
Maeda has scored 27 international goals since 2007 , 20 of them in the past three years , contributing to the Blue Samurai 's march to a fourth Asian Cup title and their strong results in World Cup qualifying .
`` For my part , I want you to cut it out , '' Maeda told the media at the start of the season when asked about his dreaded record . `` I just want to score goals . ''
And Urawa defender Daisuke Nasu , who played with Maeda at Iwata from 2009-11 , repeated that call , asking the media to stop hyping the so-called jinx .
`` It 's about the time Maeda should be left alone for the good of Japan , '' he said .
Urawa striker Shinzo Koroki said the team should concentrate on their own game .
`` I know Ryoichi-san has yet to score a goal . But first of all we must put our minds to playing our brand of football , '' he said .
The Defence secretary offers to send 30 troops to help train the Iraqi armed forces .
Britain is to send more troops to Iraq , bringing the number of UK personnel stationed there to 300 .
Defence secretary Michael Fallon has offered to send 30 more troops to Iraq to help in the fight against Islamic State Ben Birchall/PA Wire
The Defence secretary Michael Fallon has offered to send 30 more troops to help train the Iraqi armed forces as it prepares for a new offensive against Islamic State .
They will provide training in logistics and bridge-building , and will include some specialist medical staff.The additional troops are expected to be deployed to training camps at Besmayah and Taji .
Now is the time to step up our training of Iraqi Forces , as they prepare for operations in key cities such as Fallujah and Mosul . > Along with the trebling of UK air strikes , this underlines the crucial role our armed forces are playing in the fight against Daesh . Defence secretary Michael Fallon
The defence secretary added the boost in numbers comes against the background of `` solid progress '' against Islamic State in recent months .
Can you name a band that 's less cool than Opeth ? For a quarter-century , Mikael Åkerfeldt 's ever-amorphous set of Swedes has let the effort show with every sound , song , and surprising genre twist . At various points in Opeth 's career , their style has been categorized as progressive rock , death metal , or progressive metal , though each of those terms felt , at best , like undersized umbrellas for a band actively coercing bits of jazz , Romanticism , blues , British folk , pop , and new age into their musical madhouse . Opeth is so demanding that , a decade ago , they opted to issued two separate albums—the clenched Deliverance and the much more calm Damnation—rather than package them as an intended , insurmountable double album ; still , sold separately , each half of the dichotomous pair broke or pushed the one-hour mark and twisted and turned with a maniacal and delightful zeal . Åkerfeldt 's work has never sounded unaffected or effortless ; Opeth have , instead , worn labor and fastidiousness as badges of honor , open rebuttals to any sense of classical cool .
In turn , Opeth is one of modern music 's great paradoxes . They are one of the world 's most popular and enduring heavy acts , having charted every album they 've made since Damnation in at least half-a-dozen countries . And their international following is a cult of often-unwavering allegiance . To wit , should you arrive at an Opeth show without an Opeth shirt printed in thick and vivid paint , you 'll find that the aforementioned code of cool has been temporarily reversed . Even among the faithful , though , the feeling that Opeth can be forced , overindulgent or obtuse is an abiding one ; it is the baggage concomitant to the band 's audacity , the side effect of the quest to shoehorn a dozen things into ultra-dynamic metal . But that same effort enables one of Opeth 's greatest unifying assets : the overwhelming rush that their best music can provide , where a tizzy of elements sends the listener into a tailspin . Line up their catalog from one end to the other , press play , and be stunned by the number of moments ( however calculated and meticulous they may be ) where audience orientation vanishes . Their complications are their bait .
But Pale Communion , Opeth 's first album in three years , lacks the absolute willpower and prevailing ambition of the band 's best work—that is , the core that made the awkwardness sufferable . This is only the third album where Åkerfeldt foregoes his versatile death metal vocal delivery , following the path of 2011 's Heritage and 2003 's Damnation . He alternately supplants it instead with a singsong lilt , a folk-rock affability and an alt-rock theatricality . Notably , this is the first Opeth LP to arrive since Storm Corrosion , Åkerfeldt 's 2012 full-length release with longtime collaborator Steven Wilson . Half of that album featured the London Session Orchestra , an influence that resurfaces throughout Pale Communion .
In fact , such strings web together the record 's two-song finale—and , really , the 16 minutes of music that save Pale Communion from abject disappointment . “ Voice of Treason ” is dramatic and lunging , with tumescent strings providing the ballast beneath the song 's seven-minute rise toward the thrall . Just ahead of the end , there 's a momentary blast beat , an enormous wash of strings , and a burst of heroic vocals from Åkerfeldt . “ Have you ever seen the aftermath of giving up ? ” he howls , the band exploding around him . And the stately strings that sweep beneath closer “ Faith in Others ” are the platform from which Opeth lifts toward a post-rock surge . It dissipates slowly , as though the sound is being peeled apart layer by layer . Opeth surprises and engrosses here , ending this album better than they do most anything else .
Pale Communion often feels too polite to overrun and too guarded to sustain Opeth 's familiar sense of total upheaval , where the listener struggles to remember which end is up and which way is forward . Take opener “ Eternal Rains Will Come. ” The song first weaves complicated rhythmic shifts against spools of sharp guitar and distorted organ , a compelling mix that suggests a florid spin on math-rock . But after a pause , the quintet springs ahead into a straight beat , flimsy funk dancing beneath quick harmonies cribbed from “ Suite : Judy Blue Eyes . '' The instruments coil again toward the end , with the guitar and drums pirouetting in sudden sync . But it 's a hyperactive soft-rock climax , an effete attempt to reach new heights .
Much the same holds for “ Elysian Woes , ” a trickle of acoustics backed by flute-like synthesizers and led by Åkerfeldt in a rather miserable crooner guise . And “ River ” is the stiff Swedish approximation of fluid Southern guitar rock . Padded again by acoustic guitar and generous organ , the first half is more pure prairie league than Allman Brothers anthem . But even the ricocheting instrumental midsection and spring-loaded coda feel preordained , like the very blatant ends of Opeth 's Southern rock trial . Likewise , “ Goblin , ” Opeth 's carousel-like horror score tribute , is as obvious as its name , while “ Cusp of Eternity ” implies Bono taking an acute , unfortunate interest in the power of djent guitars . Even as it twists and turns through several solos , the destination feels fated , Opeth 's usual inexplicable intricacy given over to plug-and-play automation .
These arrivals of the expected are Pale Communion 's most damning symptom . In the past , Opeth have made their inspirations and aspirations obvious , but their avid recombinations suggested an array of infinite possibilities . Even if you could n't abide the inflexibility of their methodical grandeur , it was hard to condemn the immense effort and imagination involved . But Pale Communion only toys with the building blocks , revealing influences that were already apparent but refusing to invigorate them alongside each other . It 's not that Opeth is n't cool here . It 's that these eight songs run cold on new energies and ideas , a rarity for a catalog custom-made to overwhelm .
Benedict Cumberbatch is one of the most in-demand actors in Hollywood , balancing a film schedule with his TV series Sherlock .
So it 's nice to see the 37-year-old star still has n't lost his sense of humor .
On Tuesday the British performer was seen creatively transforming a basic white napkin into a quirky mask , putting on a theatrical display for his lunch date Dakota Johnson as they dined at a New York City restaurant .
Benedict – who was once quoted as saying that being a romantic icon is ‘ enjoyable ' , ‘ puts a spring in your step ' and makes you ‘ swagger a little bit ' – appeared to have zero inhibitions on this playful outing .
He provided ample lunchtime entertainment for 24-year-old Dakota and another female friend as he smothered his face with the white napkin .
He held the disposable paper in place by slipping his sunglasses and newsboy cap over the top , and pretended to go about the business of drinking tea as though everything was perfectly normal .
Peekaboo : The actor , 37 , found himself sprung when he removed the glasses only to have the napkin mask float about his face .
But the August : Osage County star could only hold character for so long before the napkin slipped and he collapsed in hysterics at his own youthful antics .
He was n't the only one amused either , with his mystery blonde friend seen giggling her heart out at the absurd display .
Dakota 's reaction to the one-man show was not seen , but she did appear to be suitably enthralled by the star during their walk to the restaurant earlier in the day .
The Fifty Shades Of Grey star wore a conservative vintage-inspired floral dress , teamed with chunky black platform loafers and chic tortoise shell sunglasses to join her British actor friend for lunch .
The duo were seen chatting up a storm in an animated fashion as they strolled through the sunny streets of New York together , apparently deep in conversation .
Dakota – who has most recently been dating actor Jordan Masterson – and Benedict both attended the Met Gala on Monday evening , which is perhaps where they met because they do not appear to have worked on anything together previously .
New friends ? Benedict Cumberbatch and Dakota Johnson were spotted strolling out to lunch together in New York City together on Tuesday , the day after the Met Gala .
Whilst the pretty brunette actress is in the midst of filming the racy novel adaptation of Fifty Shades Of Grey helmed by Sam Taylor-Johnson , Benedict is expected to head back to London soon to begin rehearsals soon for the theatre production of Hamlet .
He is set to play the disturbed Dane in the Barbican production of the William Shakespeare tragedy .
By all reports , Benedict appears to be currently single although he was most recently romantically linked to English artist Anna James after splitting from his girlfriend of 12 years , Olivia Poulet .
See article here…
Advertisements
Some media houses distorting my statement . I fully support Nitish kumar . He is a good person . People shud vote him CM — Arvind Kejriwal ( @ ArvindKejriwal ) October 1 , 2015
NEW DELHI : Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday categorically stated that he was backing Nitish Kumar in the Bihar assembly elections . `` Some media houses distorting my statement . I fully support Nitish kumar . He is a good person . People shud vote him CM , '' Kejriwal said in a tweet.Kejriwal was earlier quoted as saying at the chief ministers ' conclave that he did not support any political party in the Bihar assembly polls and had visited the state only for a governance workshop.Meanwhile , the Janata Dal ( United ) on Thursday said that Kejriwal supports his Bihar counterpart and wants him to return to office for the third time . `` I want to say this on record that Kejriwalji wants that Nitish Kumar should become the chief minister of Bihar , '' JD ( U ) general secretary KC Tyagi said.Elections for the 243-member Bihar assembly will be held in five phases between October 12 and November 5.The counting of votes will take place on November 8.The term of the current Bihar assembly expires on November 29 . ( With inputs from agencies )
How WWI made wristwatches happen
Accurately answering the question “ What time is it ? ” has been a human obsession for millennia – but it 's only been since World War I that you 're likely to turn your wrist to do so .
Most societies , as far back as the Egyptians if not further , have had some mechanism for keeping time – sundials , water clocks , hourglasses – but those were fixed in place . By the 15th century , however , the development of the spring-driven clock meant that timekeepers could be freed from their moorings ; there is some evidence of people wearing proto-pocket watches around their necks , a la Flava Flav . Through the 18th and 19th centuries , portable time-telling was largely the province of the pocket watch ; if a timepiece appeared on a wrist , then it was a lady 's wrist , and it was considered more a piece of jewelry than an item of function .
Exactly when the wristwatch was invented and by whom is unclear . The Guinness Book of World Records gives luxury watchmakers Patek Philippe credit for the first wristwatch , designed for the Countess Koscowicz of Hungary in 1868 . But the venerable Guinness has been known to be wrong before , and there are records of other bracelet-style watches that pre-date the Patek Philippe model , including one designed and manufactured by Breguet for the Queen of Naples in 1810 ( well , ordered in 1810 – it was n't delivered until 1812 ) . Queen Elizabeth I was supposed to have been given a watch set into a bracelet by Robert Dudley in 1571 , which would have made her vastly ahead of fashion , but the item has n't survived .
In any case , the ladies ' wristwatch , often called a “ bracelet watch ” , a “ montre bracelet ” , or a “ wristlet ” , existed for at least a century , if not longer , before its widespread adoption by the general public and by men at all . Why ? Firstly , watches were still somewhat delicate and a timepiece on one 's wrist could be guaranteed some shocks ; these wristwatches , dripping with precious stones , were absolutely fashion first and function second . That they were so delicate probably reveals more about the women who were wearing them – that they may have been perceived to be as ornamental as the watches themselves .
Which makes it a little ironic , then , that what really drove the design and adoption of the wristwatch was war .
Accurate timekeeping is essential on the battlefield . “ You can track back a number of errors in war to timing , ” said military historian Peter Doyle , author of The First World War in 100 Objects . But a pocket watch , however accurate it was , was somewhat unwieldy , especially as styles of warfare shifted from the Napoleonic – two armies facing off on a large field – to modern artillery-heavy , sometimes guerilla warfare . The first wristwatches designed for military use actually came in 1880 : After one of his naval officers complained to his superiors that timing bombardments was too difficult with a pocket watch , Kaiser Wilhelm I commissioned Swiss watchmakers Girard-Perregaux to design and manufacture a watch mounted on a wrist strap . The Girard-Perregaux watches were n't terribly different from how wristwatches appear now , with the exception of the thick metal grill protecting the glass face . Though the wristwatches were indeed more practical in battle conditions , they were n't popular with men in the main and the design was discontinued . Roughly 20 years later , wristwatches were adopted by soldiers fighting in the Boer War in South Africa – some sported leather wrist straps into which a gentleman could put his pocket watch – but again , they did n't receive widespread attention . Even at the war 's end in 1902 , a redesign of the British officers ' uniforms still came with a pocket for their pocket watch .
The problem was twofold : Firstly , wristwatches were n't considered to be as reliable as pocket watches , owing to the fact that they were jostled about a good deal more . And secondly , wristwatches , though practical , still had the whiff of womanliness about them : “ The sort peer pressure would be , ‘ Why are you wearing that , that 's a woman 's thing , ' ” explained Doyle .
It would take a global war to catapult the wristwatch onto the arms of men the world over . Though the wristwatch was n't exactly invented for World War I , it was during this era that it evolved from a useful but fringe piece of military kit to a nearly universal necessity . So why this war ? Firstly , the development of the wristwatch was hastened by the style of warfare that soon became symbolic of the First World War : The trenches .
“ The problem with the pocket watch is that you have to hold it , ” explained Doyle . That was n't going to work for the officer at the Western Front – when an officer lead his men “ over the top ” , leaving the relative safety of the trenches for the pock-marked no man 's land in between and very possible death , he had his gun in one hand and his whistle in the other . “ You have n't got another hand in which to hold your watch . ”
As in the Boer War , some men had taken to strapping their pocket watches to their wrists , but this was cumbersome and heavy . At the same time , technological advancements were making hardier timepieces . Several watchmakers , including Cartier and Rolex , had already been experimenting with watches that strapped to the wrist ; Cartier , for example , had already begun marketing a watch that the company 's principal , Louis Cartier , designed for Brazilian aviator Alberto Santos-Dumont in 1911 ( Cartier still makes and sells a version of the watch ) . These watchmakers – and many others , including Omega and Longines – saw their moment and began manufacturing watches specifically for the military market . Indeed , the first use of the word “ wristwatch ” in paper of record The New York Times , is in a 1915 report from the annual meeting of the National Retail Jewelers ' Association , which featured a presentation of wristwatches “ for soldiers ” with radium dials “ so that the soldier can tell the time in the darkest night ” , as well as a compass . ( Notably , subsequent mentions of “ wristwatch ” in The New York Times over the next few decades refer primarily to them being stolen . )
As the war ground on , more and more officers adopted wristwatches . “ It 's small , portable , it 's essential , it 's important , ” he said . “ The wristwatch became something that men would wear because it was practical . ”
But if wristwatches are emblematic of the practical , functional evolution of military dress in the First World War , they 're also emblematic of one of the lesser known aspects of the war : the merchandising . We do n't often think of war as an opportunity to sell – it seems vaguely unsavory , however common it is – but manufacturers during the First World War certainly did . Doyle explained that retailers would often slap the word “ trench ” on items from coats to cookers , believing rightly that the association with the war would help sell . Sometimes manufacturers would label these new wristwatches “ trench watches ” .
“ Everything from 1914 onwards becomes ‘ trench this ' , ‘ trench that'… it 's kind of a marketing ploy , ” said Doyle . Often , these items were marketed towards the families of men serving at the front and implied that whatever it was , it could somehow protect or comfort them . “ You get all the wristwatch manufacturers – ‘ Just the thing for the man in the trenches . ' ” That context – the families on the home front just looking for something , even a sham talisman , that could make their boys safe – makes the symbolism that wristwatches also began to take on all the more poignant . Doyle owns a wristwatch that was taken from the body of a fallen soldier , buried at the front , and returned to his family as evidence of his death . “ The broken remains of that soldier came down to this simple watch that was returned , ” he said . “ This was physical evidence of the loss of this missing solider ... He became a dead soldier and the family could mourn . ”
* * *
After the war , wristwatches remained on men 's arms . This was in part due to the fact that a global war meant global exposure , and partly due to the fact that the wristwatch was actually useful . Equally important was the kind of action man association wristwatches now carried , fully eclipsing the earlier associations with women 's jewelry . Wristwatches were worn by aviators and explorers , men who did n't have time to pull out a pocket watch ; this kind of imagery was intensely attractive in the years after the war . Later improvements to wristwatch designs and mechanics , including quartz movement , meant that watches were increasingly cheaper , and more widely available , even as luxury watches became even more , well , luxurious .
For the rest of the 20th century , wristwatches became so entrenched in the way people live that you can point to your wrist with a questioning look and be reasonably assured that someone will give you the time . Although these days , they might not get it from their watch – if you 've got a phone , then you 've got the accurate time ( and yes , it is a little regressive that we use our phones like pocket watches now ) . But that does n't mean that the wristwatch is on the way out . Sales of traditional watches did dip during the recession , but have since rebounded in a big way , driven mostly by sales of luxury labels .
We 're also asking more of our watches , reimagining them in new ways ; the most obvious of them being the smartwatch , which , though exciting , has yet to deliver on its hype ( do you know anyone who has one ? ) ; Apple is expected to release its Watch this year , however , so maybe its time has come ( sorry ) . But that 's only one avenue – consider wrist-mounted quadcopter , Nixie , which will make your Inspector Gadget costume even more awesome this Halloween . As long as wristwatches retain that usefulness , that practicality , and maybe do some exciting things beyond telling time , why should n't they be around through the next world war ?
Top image : Early wrist watch by Waltham , worn by soldiers in World War I. Deutsches Uhrenmuseum CC 3.0 de
3 Bad plastic quality and fit Posted by THL on 26th Apr 2018
The quality of the item is NOT like magpul at all , I have a prs gen3 and it is miles and miles ahead . This feels like slightly stiffer airsoft stuff . I tired to fit it to both a nice spikes jack lower , and a cheap anderson one , both had some sort of issues with the place where the pistol grip is secured , where the plastic is kind of coming apart at the seams before the screw is all the way in .
the place for the safety retention spring is not the easiest to get to , but it does work .
Overall , for 120 , its not that great .... But for us cali , this is it for something that does n't look retarded and is meant to look nice , so there is that ...
`` The crowning achievement of human intelligence is our ability to be creative , '' says Steve Abrams , director of IBM Watson . Abrams is in the business of recreating cognitive processes in computers . `` I have to know how people work , '' he says . And one of the biggest pieces of understanding how people work is uncovering what it means to think creatively .
From Chef Watson , which teamed up with the Institute of Culinary Education to develop unexpected food combinations to Watson Tone Analyzer , which performs automatic linguistic analysis to interpret not just the informationm but the tone of people 's writing , Watson is reaching into all sorts of creative applications .
And the cognitive computing system , which has been snapped up and applied in various ways by some 5,000 different application developers in the past year , can also teach us quite a bit about the way our minds work . Years of studying cognitive computing and developing cognitive systems for Watson point to a number of ways in our brains function during creative thinking and problem-solving .
`` What is creativity ? It 's having a message to convey or a problem to solve in the face of some sort of constraints , and figuring out how to achieve that goal in the face of those constraints , '' says Abrams .
But what are some of the cognitive roadblocks that might be standing in the way of our ability to think and problem solve most creatively ? Fast Company spoke with Abrams about what he 's learned about the cognitive biases we bring to the table that a computing system like Watson is designed to overcome .
The Brain 's Ambiguity Effect
In the absence of information , we tend to avoid choosing options we do n't know enough about or do n't feel fully confident in . Behavioral scientists call this the `` ambiguity effect '' —a cognitive bias in which your decision-making is impaired by a lack of information , says Abrams .
Take , for example , the choice by some investors to put their money in a less risky fixed yield instrument rather than opting for a more volatile investment like stocks and funds that have less predictable results , but offer higher returns over time . `` There are people for whom that unknown factors into the equation more than it should , '' says Abrams . Recognizing those biases and seeking out information in the face of doubt can help counter that ambiguity effect from preventing you to make the best and most informed decision .
Our Tendency Toward Confirmation Bias
On Watson 's recommendation , the chef went ahead , resisting his own confirmation bias and found the pairing was surprisingly complementary .
Another bias we 're often susceptible to is confirmation bias , or the tendency to look for and favor evidence that confirms what you already believe to be true . This affects the way we approach problem-solving—from the key words we choose to look up on a search engine to the details we selectively notice in favor of our own opinions .
Take for example , our preferences in food taste . When Chef Watson called up a flavor pairing between apples and olive oil , the immediate reaction from the human chef involved was skepticism . Apples and olive oil are not a typical combination . But going on Watson 's recommendation , the chef went ahead , resisting his own confirmation bias and found the pairing was surprisingly complementary .
Are You Suffering From Not Invented Here Syndrome ?
To be clear , this is n't an actual syndrome , but the phenomenon ( sometimes referred to as NIH ) is very much out there . It 's the tendency to be more critical of someone else 's ideas rather than your own . We tend to apply higher standards to other people 's solutions rather than our own , rejecting external solutions as less superior .
In the tech world , this kind of NIH is often what leads people to reject software or developments made outside their company in favor of their own in-house version , however inferior it may be . But this happens across industries and organizations .
`` Those biases that we are n't even conscious of having impact the way we interpret results , '' says Abrams . `` We are trying to build a system that will help us come to a more reasonable set of interesting options , despite the fact that we as human beings have these biases . ''
More from Fast Company :
[ Photo : Ben Hider/Getty Images ]
It 's Finally Time We Give Playoff John Wall the Credit He Deserves
Somehow , John Wall is still going unnoticed as he lights the league on fire
Dan O'Shea Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 22 , 2017
Bleacher Report
There 's an old saying that goes , “ If a tree falls in the forest , and nobody 's around to hear it , does it make a sound ? ” It 's strange how a saying like this can apply to the NBA Playoffs , but in fact it does . This is n't a story about the Knicks taking stadium sounds out to make the game more authentic , or another player not responding to the always active Twitter fingers around the league . It 's about a player putting on memorable performance night after night while everyone 's attention is elsewhere , as if he 's playing in an arena all by himself .
Well , the answer is yes . John Wall is making noise in the playoffs , whether you hear it or not .
It 's almost incredible how Wall does n't get the love he deserves . It 's not like he has n't been noticed to some degree . He 's a four-time All-Star , but calling him just an All-Star at this point is like giving him a pat on the back for a good effort . This man does n't deserve a consolation trophy . If anything that trophy should be melted down and hung around his neck as some sort of medal , designed just for world destroyers like himself .
Sure , he gets credit from time to time , but the fact that he is n't mentioned amongst the game 's elite is a new form of slander that has not yet been banned from national television . Did you know Wall is averaging the most points while shooting the highest effective shooting percentage of his career ? How about the fact that he has the most steals of his career , or the most assists ? You can pretty much tape Wall 's stats for this season to a dart board , sling a dart at it , and hit a career high .
Why is n't he in the same conversation as Harden and Westbrook as a man who has taken an entire city and put it firmly on his shoulders ? Is it because he owns a trimmer and does n't fly to the rim like a kamikaze pilot ? The NBA is so fixated on the beauty of the triple double and the three ball . Wall does every single thing well and ca n't even get a pity invite to the convo of best in the game .
As if his play during the regular season was n't enough , Wall even amped it up for the playoffs . Through two games against Atlanta , he averaged 32 points and 11.5 assists in the process of giving the Wizards a 2–0 series lead . He 's like the middle child of the family , bending over backwards and performing impossible stunts while the parents just turn the other direction and admire the artwork on the fridge .
It 's getting to the point where Wall is straight up murdering people on the court , and then turning and yelling at their corpse for even pretending to stop him .
It 's like Wall is treating Schroder with the same level of disrespect that he gets . A chain of disrespect .
Wall did n't get this mad when Jae Crowder poked him on the nose . All Schroder did was try to recover and play defense , and Wall literally stopped and stared at him as if he ate Wall 's leftovers that were clearly labeled in the fridge .
It takes a special kind of player to perform plays on a nightly basis that make it look like you accidentally pressed a combination of buttons in NBA2k that ended up making you look like a master .
Yet for some reason , including Wall in the conversation with the best point guards in the league is widely considered blasphemy . If you put him in front of players like Harden , Westbrook , Steph Curry or Chris Paul , you legitimately might get swung at . For some reason , there 's just no love there .
Wall even gives the Wizards a chance to be the team that finally takes down LeBron and company . The Cavs are more vulnerable now than ever . Wall could finally be the knight in shining armor that the LeBron haters have read about in the prophecies . While he 's playing the best basketball of his career and Cleveland trots out their weakest team in recent memory , there 's no reason to think his eruption could n't knock the Cavs clean out of the playoffs . The thought of Kyrie Irving trying to guard Wall should be considered pre-crime and be reported to the police immediately .
This is just a fair warning for all of those who have n't given Wall the recognition he deserves . After he 's done giving Atlanta the worst beating since the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl , he 's going to go ahead and take on your favorite team — if they 're still around . He 's got a list of enemies , and everybody who pretends to guard him the rest of the season is on it .
As the official conductor of the Wall hype train , I invite you to get on board while you can . There 's plenty of room at this point , so get cozy and ready for Wall 's next show .
Descendant of accused Salem witch writes book
IDAHO FALLS , Idaho - An Idaho Falls woman says she can claim descent to Bridget Bishop , the first accused witch hanged during the Salem Witch Trials in 1692 .
Even though Bishop lived more than 300 years ago , you can still see some of her in local author Laura Jo DeMordaunt .
`` I am a strong-willed individual and I stand up for the things I believe in , and I guess that 's been passed down , '' said DeMordaunt .
Fascinated by her family 's dark history , DeMordaunt said she began researching Bishop 35 years ago .
`` I have been back to Salem and into the Library of Congress studying old documents , reading books . Books , books , books , books , '' said DeMordaunt .
What she discovered became the inspiration for her own newly published book , `` Thou Shalt Not Allow A Witch To Live . '' It details Bishop 's life and the times in which she lived through a first-person narrative .
`` I would call her probably the first American feminist , '' said DeMordaunt .
Bishop owned her own businesses and wore brightly colored clothing , which DeMordaunt said made her an easy target for accusations of witchcraft .
`` She allowed her taverns to be open late in the evening and for the sailors to come in to play shuffleboard and to bet and throw the dice and play cards and dance . I 'm naming all the things that the Puritans hated , '' said DeMordaunt .
Bishop , like other accused witches , was convicted using spectral evidence , which essentially allowed witnesses to testify about things they saw in dreams and visions .
`` She was accused of looking at a baby and then the baby died , '' said DeMordaunt .
DeMordaunt says Bishop 's story is still relevant today .
`` What happened to her is probably still happening today where we accuse people wrongly for something they did , and then we do n't let people be individualistic , '' said DeMordaunt .
Bishop was the first of 20 women who were hanged as witches during the Salem Witch Trials .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption ECB president Mario Draghi : `` The cut in interest rates should contribute to support prospects for a recovery later in the year ''
The European Central Bank ( ECB ) said it was `` ready to act if needed '' , should more be required to boost the eurozone 's economic health .
The bank also lowered its benchmark interest rate to 0.50 % from 0.75 % , the first cut in 10 months .
Worries about eurozone persist , with data showing manufacturing activity across the 17-nation bloc shrank in April .
The ECB also extended its cheap loans to banks until at least July 2014 .
Austerity debate
Official data released on Tuesday showed record high unemployment in the eurozone , and inflation at a three-year low .
Puzzle all you like about what the ECB might be about to do next . We should n't forget to be surprised that it has taken so long to do even this
Well ahead of the ECB 's announcement , many economists were forecasting that lower interest rates were likely , but said the fresh data released this week made the case for a cut even stronger .
ECB president Mario Draghi told a news conference that `` weak economic sentiment has extended into the spring of this year '' .
`` Inflation expectations in the euro area continue to be firmly anchored , '' he said .
`` The cut in interest rates should contribute to support a recovery later in the year . ''
There are concerns that the ECB 's low interest rates are not feeding through to those economies most in need of a boost , with potential lenders still worried about the economic health of countries such as Greece and Spain .
`` Monetary policy stance will remain 'accommodative ' for as long as needed , '' Mr Draghi said .
`` We will monitor very closely all incoming information , and assess any impact on the outlook for price stability . ''
Mr Draghi said that the ECB was prepared to cut interest rates further should conditions make it necessary . He also said the central bank was `` technically ready '' for negative deposit rates .
Analysis The key issue is whether the ECB 's new lower rate translates through to lower borrowing costs for businesses . The evidence from economies such as Spain and Ireland , with damaged banking sectors , is that credit remains hard to come by . Such harsh realities soon took hold of the markets , as ECB President Draghi seemed open to negative deposit rates , so later in the afternoon the euro fell sharply after all .
The euro fell sharply on the comments , losing 0.6 % against the pound to 84.135p , edging it towards the recent low of 83.98p that it reached on 26 April . Against the dollar , the euro fell below $ 1.31 .
In recent months there have been growing calls for European countries to move away from austerity measures , which critics say are stifling growth . Instead there are calls for a greater focus on stimulus measures .
Both French President Francois Hollande and newly-elected Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta have urged a reconsideration of austerity policies .
On Thursday , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said governments must take immediate action to promote growth and the creation of jobs because patience with austerity measures is wearing thin in some countries .
Suddenly - or so it seems - everyone 's priority is growth and employment . The austerity fetishists have left the stage - almost . Europe : a cautious rate cut
`` Taking these measures is more urgent than anything , '' he told a conference in Portugal . `` After three years of firefights , patience with austerity is wearing understandably thin . ''
A cut in interest rates lowers the costs for troubled banks that have taken emergency loans from the ECB , and could help them repair their finances so they can improve lending . But analysts were divided over whether the cut would have much of an impact .
Howard Archer , analyst at IHS Global Insight , said : `` Admittedly , it is unlikely that the trimming of interest rates from 0.75 % to 0.5 % will have a major growth impact , especially given fragmented credit markets , but any potential help to the eurozone economy in its current state is worthwhile . ''
But Rick Meckler , president of hedge fund Liberty View Capital Management said the rate cut was `` an assertive move by the ECB to jump start recovery in the eurozone '' .
Shrinking
Image caption The ECB 's key interest rate was already at the historic low of 0.75 %
Thursday 's Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) highlighted the problems facing many eurozone countries . The index for Germany 's manufacturing sector , which accounts for around a fifth of the economy , fell to 48.1 in April from 49 in March . A reading below 50 indicates contraction .
And in France , Italy and Spain , the eurozone 's next three biggest economies , the PMI data also revealed contractions in manufacturing activity .
For the 17-nation eurozone bloc as a whole , the PMI index fell to 46.7 last month , from March 's 46.8 .
`` There is nothing here to suggest that manufacturing will turn the corner and stabilise any time soon , putting greater onus on policymakers to act quickly to reinvigorate growth , '' said Chris Williamson , chief economist at Markit , which collates the PMI figures .
Luis Enrique : Barcelona have nothing to lose
The Catalans are tasked with fighting back from three goals down in the second leg , but their coach insists the pressure is on their opponents
Luis Enrique believes have nothing to lose as they look to turn around a 3-0 first-leg defeat against in the quarter-finals on Wednesday .
Barça faces a tough task to reach the last four after last week 's disappointment in Turin , but have reason for optimism after pulling off a miraculous comeback in the round of 16 against , incredibly progressing 6-5 on aggregate after a 4-0 loss in the first leg .
Can Messi and Dybala play together ?
Luis Enrique realises Barça may need five goals in order to make it to the semis , though , and has advised the fans not to leave Camp Nou this time around .
`` We have nothing to lose . We only have one option and that is to attack , to attack and to keep attacking , '' the Barcelona coach said at a news conference .
`` We needed to stay calm against PSG , but also go for it . We need fewer goals , only three , but our objective is to score five goals in case they score as well .
`` We have to be effective and put pressure on them . We know what we have to do and how we want to do it . I have no doubt that at some moment we will be close on aggregate .
Luis Enrique : `` Tomorrow will produce circumstances similar to the PSG game . If they score , we 'll need 5 . '' # FCBLive pic.twitter.com/f5O6VIIlxV — FC Barcelona ( @ FCBarcelona ) April 18 , 2017
`` I advise the fans not to leave in the 80th minute , we saw against PSG what can happen . The comeback against PSG gives reason for optimism .
`` We have another chance to make history . We will give everything , right until the 95th minute . We scored three goals in three minutes , so everything is possible . I hope it is going to be a special night for everybody involved . ''
With summer at its peak and the sun at its zenith , it 's a great time to do a little thinking about electrolytes . These naturally occurring substances – minerals such as sodium , potassium and chloride – are present in all our body fluids ; they are also called ions because they carry an electrical charge . By maintaining electrical gradients across cell membranes throughout our body , they play a vital role in nerve impulse transition , muscle contraction and many other imperative processes that are required for life . Because we lose these salts when we sweat during intense exercise or exposure to heat , it is extremely important that we find ways to replenish them . The repercussions of not doing so can be dangerous – even deadly .
But think again before you reach for a sport 's drink or vitamin water .
These drinks not only deliver unnecessary amounts of calories , sugar and sodium – but are also often packed full of harmful ingredients such as high fructose corn syrup , artificial flavors and colors and preservatives . You might think you are doing a good thing by replenishing electrolytes when drinking these beverages , but instead you are setting yourself up for a sugar crash and pumping your body full of questionable things .
So , how should one replenish electrolytes ? The answer is very simple , inexpensive and involves nothing artificial of any kind : brew yourself up some herbal electrolyte replenishing tea . There are a plethora of herbs to choose from ( from nettles and red clover to alfalfa ) and most contain minerals in concentrations very close to that found in our own blood stream . They taste great , contain no high fructose corn syrup and will deliver nothing artificial or nasty into your body . I promise once you start , you will never be tempted by the neon sugar water marketed as ‘ sports drinks ' again .
Here are two easy recipes to get you started :
Nettle Tea with Peppermint and Lime
Makes 1 quart .
Ingredients
1/2 cup dried nettle leaf
1/4 cup dried red clover flowers
1/4 cup oat straw
1/8 cup peppermint , spearmint or a combination
juice of 1 lime
Directions
Place the herbs in a quart sized container ( a glass mason jar works well ) and cover with 1 quart of just boiled water . Let infuse several hours or overnight . Strain the herbs out by pour the liquid through a fine mesh strainer into a clean container . Squeeze the lime juice into the tea and refrigerate until use . The tea can be lightly sweetened to taste with honey or stevia .
Hibiscus Punch
Makes 1 quart .
Ingredients
4 tablespoons hibiscus flowers
1 tablespoon orange peel , dried or fresh
4 slices fresh ginger root
1/8 teaspoon Celtic or Himalayan sea salt
juice of 1 orange
Directions
Place the herbs in quart sized container and cover with 1 quart just boiled water . Let infuse 15 to 20 minutes and then pour the liquid through a fine mesh strainer into a clean container to remove the herbs . Squeeze the orange juice into the tea and sweeten with honey or stevia to taste . Refrigerate until use .
Related Posts
Nettle
Strawberry and Elderflower Acqua Fresca
Herbal Supplements for Athletes : 3 Recipes
Writer Danielle Charles Davies has a BSc in Herbal Science from Bastyr University and in addition completed two years of clinical training at the Vermont Center for Integrative Herbalism . She has a Masters Degree in Writing and has written for the the American Herbalists Guild and has also served as a food columnist . Her musings , and recipes , can be found at her blog , Teacup Chronicles .
For educational purposes only . This information has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration . This information is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure , or prevent any disease .
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team .
Compulsive consumerism leaves kids in crisis
The United Nations ' children 's charity Unicef has released a report warning that a compulsive materialism dominates family life in Britain with parents being compelled to work longer hours in order to buy more branded goods for their children instead of spending time with them .
As part of the report the children themselves said spending time with their families made them happier . The parents often understood that working long hours in order to ‘ pointlessly ' amass more goods was n't a healthy cycle of living , but that they felt the pull of consumerism hard to resist . One woman believed that her three-year-old might get bullied at school if she did n't purchase him a Nintendo 64 . The report , jointly funded by the Department of Education , showed that families in Britain are less likely to eat together , play games or engage in outdoor activities together . Lower class children are less likely to be active , instead opting for a sedentary life in front of the computer or TV . A previous study by Unicef ranks the UK as the worst place for a child to grow up in the industrialised countries .
As Kate Pickett and Richard Wilkinson assert in The Spirit Level individual 's identity as well as social status now often gained not through one 's moral or behavioural characteristics but through an allegiance to certain fashions and choice brands . Owning an iPhone 4 marks to your peers your interest in technology , your wealth ( the fact you can afford one in the first place ) and gives you a certain “ cool ” kudos that in current playgrounds , means that impressionable children begin to link their own value with the possessions that they own , the clothes that they wear and the way that they look .
It is no wonder then , that the deeply embedded nature of British consumerism has been offered as one of the underlying reasons for the riots that swept across Britain last month during which teenagers chose to overstep laws set by parents and the government for the reward of free designer clothes and goods . Social inequalities manifest themselves most visibly in the ease , decreasing across the class spectrum , of acquiring the current fashionable brands linked with social status , and this disparity causes resentment .
To tackle the problem the charity calls for the Government to ban advertising aimed at children under the age of 12 and encourage parents to work fewer hours and spend more time with their children rather than using the TV or computer as a babysitter . It also urged councils to resist cutting children 's playgrounds , free leisure centres and other outdoor activities . But will this be enough , or is our obsession with materialism too deeply embedded ? The report also showed that in Sweden and Spain , spending time with family was a much more important part of a child 's day . If Britain wants to up its status as the worst industrialised country for children , then we must make the nuclear family a core part of our societal values again .
Picking a needle out of a haystack might seem like the stuff of fairytales , but our brains can be electrically `` tuned '' to enable us to do a much better job of finding what we 're looking for , even in a crowded and distracting scene , new research indicates .
The new findings , published Dec. 1 , 2014 , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science , challenge our current understanding of how visual attention is focused and the roles of short and long-term memory .
`` Existing theories of visual attention propose that working memory representations , also known as short-term memory , typically control how attention is focused on targets in our visual field , '' Geoffrey Woodman , assistant professor of psychology at Vanderbilt University and co-author of the study along with Ph.D. candidate Robert M.G . Reinhart , said . `` These new findings provide evidence that long-term memory representations can also underlie our ability to rapidly configure attention to focus on certain objects , and that long-term memory performance can be sharply accelerated using electrical stimulation . ''
Researchers have long known that attention could be tuned , like a radio dial , to hone in on specific features , but how and where in the brain this tuning occurs has remained an open question .
By passing very weak electrical current through the brains of healthy volunteers using a process called transcranial direct-current stimulation , researchers were able to cause the volunteers to much more quickly find target objects embedded in arrays of distracting objects . The study showed that after 20 minutes of passing safe levels of weak electrical current through electrodes placed on the head , the volunteers were able to more effectively focus attention on the searched-for targets , with dramatic increases in speed .
To determine the source of the attentional improvements , the researchers examined the recordings of the volunteers ' brain activity for the neurophysiological signatures of visual working memory and long-term memory . They found that the rapid improvement in attention was most closely related to increased activity in long-term , rather than working , memory , contrary to their expectations . Their findings further indicate that long-term memory more immediately integrates information that is used to control attention than was previously thought , offering new insights into the relationship between working and long-term memory in controlling attention .
President Donald Trump 's first major budget proposal on Tuesday will include massive cuts to Medicaid and Social Security , among other safety net programs , according to new reports .
The Washington Post wrote on Monday that the budget will include $ 800 billion in Medicaid cuts over the next 10 years , which the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) has estimated would slash benefits for 10 million low-income people .
It will also call for giving states more power to stiffen work requirements for people receiving federal assistance , which could tighten the limits on who can access anti-poverty payments and for how long , the Post 's Damian Paletta wrote .
`` Regular folks need Medicaid . Nursing home care especially . These cuts are just cruel , and all because they want to cut taxes for the rich , '' tweeted Sen. Brian Schatz ( D-Hawaii ) .
Trump vowed on the campaign trail not to cut Medicaid , Medicare , or Social Security , but much like the majority of his pledges , that seems to have gone by the wayside . The budget is also expected to include massive cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , as well as Social Security 's Supplemental Security Income program , which supports the poor and disabled .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` Donald Trump 's frequent promises to protect Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid were a cornerstone of his campaign , '' said Nancy Altman , president of Social Security Works . `` But if reports are correct , the budget he is releasing this Tuesday will be a flagrant violation of that pledge . ''
`` In true Orwellian fashion , Trump budget director Mick Mulvaney claims that cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance are somehow not cuts to Social Security , '' Altman said . `` That is analogous to saying cuts to the Marines are not cuts to our military budget .... This budget is an utter betrayal of the voters who believed Trump 's repeated promises . ''
The Associated Press also reported that the budget will include $ 1.6 billion for the contentious U.S.-Mexico border wall and a $ 2.6 billion hike for border security programs .
At least some of the proposals face an uphill battle in Congress . Ron Haskins , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , told the Post that Republican lawmakers are not going to `` feel a strong compulsion to follow the president . ''
`` They are not afraid of him , '' Haskins said .
back to news News Attention ! This news was published on the old version of the website . There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions . Gaijin Entertainment Brings War Thunder Cross Platform Action to E3 2014 Gaijin Entertainment announced today that it will be showing off critically acclaimed War Thunder at E3 in majestic cross platform gameplay between the most hardcore players on the planet . Players and media can visit Gaijin Entertainment 's War Thunder booth in West Hall , number 5200 . In the main booth War Thunder will be available on Playstation®4 ( PS4™ ) , PC , Mac and even new platforms . Media may book personal appointments with developers that will include announcements for new platforms , further plans and a VR experience . Hardware partner of the show — Alienware .
VALLEY VILLAGE ( CBSLA.com ) — A husband and wife were found dead Monday following an apparent murder-suicide in Valley Village .
The incident was reported around 10:30 a.m. at an apartment complex in the 12400 block of Weddington Street , according to the Los Angeles Police Department .
Roland Lelea , 70 , reportedly attacked his wife , who was in her 40s , with an axe before fatally shooting her . He later turned the gun on himself , according to KCAL9 's Greg Mills .
A neighbor was also shot in the mouth when she went to check on the apartment , following cries for help . She was transported to a local hospital in critical condition .
The neighbor 's husband , Derrick Andrews , says that was scheduled for surgery at the hospital , where she remained in critical condition Monday night .
“ By the time I was waking up , my wife was next door already , ” Andrews said . “ Then five minutes later , we heard gunshots . ”
Two other neighbors had also checked in on the apartment when they reported that they had heard screaming .
Residents told Mills the couple , whose teen daughter was safe in school during the incident , fought frequently .
“ They argued constantly , all the time , ” neighbor Robin Torell said . “ They were fighting and bickering , back and forth . ”
An officer reportedly suffered a cut , but no other injuries were reported .
A SWAT team also responded to the scene .
Translation fails are a well-trodden internet path for people looking for a quick giggle . Whether it 's that Chinese toilet sign inviting you to ‘ pee in the pool ' or a coffee shop in Bulgaria that proudly boasts a poster saying ‘ we hope you lick our coffee and our waiters ' , the idea that something so inappropriate could reach public display is just plain comedy gold . These well-meaning attempts at transmitting a message are n't just funny though ; they remind us that translation is more complex than a lot of people imagine . I mean how obvious are some of those classic examples weve all seen ? Well , not very if you have little understanding of the language .
There are situations where this kind of innocuous mistake can have more serious implications , though , if say it was made by a giant multinational technology company for example . Take the Apple iPhone 7 slogan ‘ This is 7 ' . Hilariously , in September when this ad was shown in Hong Kong it became apparent that in Cantonese the slogan read as ‘ This is male genitalia ' .
If you think having an unintentionally rude advertising campaign slogan is bad , imagine if the name of your product itself translated badly . Thanks to the complexities of Chinese languages , the name of Samsung 's Galaxy Note 7 , released just a month before Apple 's product , suffered from an even worse mistranslation . In Cantonese the product 's name sounds like “ a stick of penis ” [ it could be known as a stick of ‘ exploding ‘ penis now ] .
How could this happen ?
Translating into Chinese languages is notoriously difficult . Cantonese is spoken by people living in Hong Kong whereas Mandarin is spoken in Taiwan and throughout mainland China . Both dialects are completely different and use their own distinct scripts , one of the hardest aspects of Chinese languages to learn .
Although these mysteriously complex sets of characters make up one of the most fascinating writing systems in the world , many people in the west feel inspired by their enigmatic reputation to learn Chinese and attempt to make sense of them . However , as evidenced by numerous tattoo translation mistakes ( another popular internet trope ) the learning process is often not a smooth one . For the Chinese , however , learning these scripts is literally a lifetime 's work so for beginners this offers a perplexing challenge where the occasional error is to be expected .
Learn from past mistakes ?
There has been talk that Apple could have made this mistake on purpose , they do have form in this area after all . Apple dropped a very similar language bombshell in recent history , with the launch of the iPhone 4s . Let me elaborate .
In 2011 Apple 's virtual assistant app called “ Siri ” was launched . This was a milestone in computer comprehension of speech commands . However , in Japanese , the word “ Siri ” sounds quite a lot like the word for “ buttocks ” , meaning that when voice recognition software was used to Google the app , some of the search results were… somewhat inaccurate .
First of all , to many Japanese listeners , “ Siri ” sounded an awful lot like “ Shiri , ” which means “ buttocks. ” In fact , according to the Wall Street Journal , Google Japan was at least at one point suggesting “ 尻 , ” the kanji character for “ shiri , ” whenever users searched for “ Siri. ” Nice !
United by such a universally funny mistake , social media lit up with jokes accompanying posts sharing the marketing for this product throughout Japan .
The world of marketing is most interesting and arguably more effective when it has a controversial edge to it . What could align a product closer to cheerful experiences than a functional piece of software called “ buttocks ” ? This ad would have been satirised on TV shows and mocked among friends , so surely that would have further expanded its reach ?
Some argue that this could have got the then new CEO of Apple , Tim Cook , thinking , “ yes this is slightly humiliating and maybe we have shown ourselves to be fallible , but if people are taking notice of the product , we have hit a homerun ! ” Now they might be right in that “ there is no such thing as bad PR ” however mistakes like this can be much more damaging . There is a risk that by not paying attention to how Japanese consumers would understand their advertising they could just as easily painted themselves as an ignorant American company that did n't need to bother checking how their product would fit a Japanese market ( Microsoft 's Xbox for example ) .
There are many countries that tech companies do n't see as potentially profitable places to target for marketing , so we can go a little easier on them in this respect . For example , through the media coverage caused by the Japanese “ Siri ” mistake , it caught the attention of someone in Georgia , a small country to the west of the Black Sea . Someone alerted a message board of a well respected tech magazine that in Georgian , “ Siri ” is an offensive term meaning male genitalia…
“ Wow ! ” thinks Apple . “ We 've generated interest in a country where we did n't even invest money in advertising the product ! ”
What Apple should do
Arguably , if you put a product into the world and expect everyone to say its name the same you 're going to be disappointed ( McDonald 's generally pronounced Maca-don-aldo by the man on the street in Japan , for example ) . From a traditional corporate perspective , there is a fear that when advertising does n't land it can undermine a company 's illusion of infallibility . The typical rules of marketing state that a company should hide weakness so as not to reveal that it is essentially a superficial ( and fallible ) corporation instead of the savvy and sophisticated brand every company strives to be . So the hilarious outcome of this blooper may have attracted a fair bit of criticism and less light-hearted ridicule from the business sector .
With the initial “ Siri ” blooper , it 's understandable how Apple 's domestic marketing team could have missed the coincidental resemblance to Japanese ( and Georgian ) slang . However , you would expect that they would have spent some time researching whether or not a key selling feature would translate properly for one of their most lucrative international markets .
Apple manages to maintain its high share of the smartphone sector probably because they have such a strong reputation in other markets , places where the company is n't offensively abusing their customers ' language . What we are seeing is a company failing to respond to criticism just because they see the reactions to their mistakes as light hearted and a source of humour . However , this ca n't go on forever .
Sales for iPhone 7 have been more disappointing than Apple expected in eastern regions , and although this is likely due to feature stagnation ( maybe something about a headphone socket played a role too ) , it could be a bigger sign that Apple is no longer addressing its customer 's needs adequately – if that is the case , they would be wise to avoid alienating their customers further with ill-considered international marketing campaigns .
PROJECT VIDEO
I interview Bryan `` Caboose478 '' Slack who has an interesting perspective on how Let 's Playing has affected his life . In the above video , you get an early look at the personal side of Let 's Playing through Bryan 's experiences and successes .
This video only contains Bryan as an example to try and capture the personal feeling of the film , but we 've already coordinated plans for interviews with LPers such as SlimKirby , ShadowMarioXLI , and MadameWario . We hope to conduct many more interviews and have reached out and hope to coordinate with other mainstays in the community as well , such as TheRunawayGuys , RoosterTeeth , GameGrumps , and more .
PREMISE
Nowadays it is common place to see gamers everywhere on YouTube , but there once was a time where that seemed impossible . From what started as a small niche community on the SomethingAwful forums to what it is now , one of the largest entertainment categories on YouTube , Let 's Playing has made a deep impact on millions of people .
Let 's Play : The Documentary will show why people Let 's Play and will showcase how people from all walks of life and all levels of popularity can achieve success in their own personal way , ultimately showcasing how powerful a controller and a mic can be .
INSPIRATION
I was inspired to do this project due to my own personal experiences as a Let 's Player , but moreover by the stories I 've seen from friends and fellow Let 's Players dating back to 2008 . I have personally seen the community grow to heights I never thought it could reach , and in the case of specific individuals I 've seen love , success , and triumph flourish in wonderful ways .
PRODUCTION If funded we will immediately improve all aspects of production . Finding the right equipment can be tricky , but thankfully we have a resource that serves as an editor at VH1 who has guided us to the most professional equipment . If funded , we will be able to afford proper lighting , we can upgrade our camera , and purchase superior editing programs for maximum quality .
The project video above was made over two interviews with only an iPhone 5 and a clip lamp for lighting . Understand that the final product will have a much higher quality of production than the project video and the project video shoot was simply to give an example of what feeling we hope to achieve with the film . I 'm also inspired by my love of gaming documentaries such as The Smash Bros , Indie Game : The Movie , King of Chinatown , Sons of Starcraft , ect . that gave to their communities so much . I hope to do the same .
FUTURE
Here are just a few locations we hope to visit to capture footage , interviews , ect . :
Boston , MA ( PAX East 2016 )
Washington , D.C ( MAGFest 2016 )
Seattle , WA ( PAX Prime 2015/16 )
Johnston , RI
Indianapolis , IN
The money raised here will go entirely to the project . My partner Bryan , who majors in screenwriting and film at SUNY Purchase , and I will use the money for equipment , travel expenses , superior editing programs , and crew we might need along the way .
Need additional details or want to help in other ways ? E-mail at LPDocutmentary @ gmail.com or message on Twitter at @ ProductionsSEA
Honestly when I 'm walking in the mall in the Philippines holding the hand of my Asian wife ( I 'm a white guy ) , I see all sorts of angry stares from the Filipino dudes in the mall , and I just have to laugh . Honestly the `` cucked '' Filipinos are much nicer and realistic . I 'm on the other side of the world , I owe you nothing , I 've taken nothing from you , I 've not said anything to you and you do n't run my life . I 'd be afraid to fight one of you fuckers too because you 'd probably pull out a knife on me . It is just all together cringe-worthy . Do I want to go around Asia wearing a red swastika shirt with shaved head ? Yes , but what is stopping me is those angry dudes in the mall . It would be like wearing a Trump hat to university . Very cringe .
Yogendra Vasupal was arrested by police last week for allegedly owing an advertising firm Rs 1.72 crore .
Entrepreneurs around the world pay a price when their ventures fail , from lost fortunes to tarnished reputations . But in India , one startup founder has been hit with a particularly harsh penalty for his company 's demise : He 's in jail for not paying money to one of his suppliers.Yogendra Vasupal , or Yogi as he is known in startup circles , had founded Stayzilla , a marketplace that lets homeowners and renters find each other online . The startup struggled against tough local competition and Airbnb Inc. , closing its doors in February . Yogi was arrested by police last week for allegedly owing an advertising firm Rs 1.72 crore ( about $ 260,000 ) .The episode is sparking a forceful backlash in India 's technology community . More than 175 founders from the country 's startups have signed an open letter to top ministers and bureaucrats calling for Vasupal 's release and a fair trial . The letter , endorsed by Vijay Shekhar Sharma of digital-payments provider Paytm and Bhavish Aggarwal of ride-hailing service Ola , argues the future of entrepreneurship is at risk . `` If ever there 's a right to be an entrepreneur , that 's clearly been violated . Period , '' reads the letter , which is addressed to Home Minister Rajnath Singh among others . `` The question is not how this will affect entrepreneurship today , but how young Indians looking to become entrepreneurs in the future will give up even before starting up . `` The episode is unifying India 's young startup community like never before . They see common cause with Stayzilla 's founder in a way they resisted even when facing predatory pricing from global giants or new taxes from the government . The effort has spawned a website , help-yogi.com , and # helpyogi on Twitter.Vasupal was picked up on March 14 when walking on a Chennai street by two policemen in plain clothes who snatched his mobile phone . The vendor had filed a police complaint accusing the founders of defrauding his company of more than 17 million rupees.The letter alleges the advertising company is far from innocent in the conflict . It charges the vendor threatened Stayzilla and sent voodoo dolls to Vasupal 's parents and to his co-founder . The letter also contends the company owed money is `` well-connected '' and benefits from influential politicians and officials.Vasupal has not been able to get a bail hearing a week after his arrest despite attempts made by the community and legal experts . A fresh attempt to secure bail is planned for Wednesday.Indian startups are already struggling with a downturn in venture investing and a rise in competition that have led to layoffs , shutdowns and impending closures . Kunal Bahl , co-founder of e-commerce provider Snapdeal , said on Twitter that there is a growing trend of entrepreneurs coming under attack . `` Many startup founders , including myself , have seen the ugliness of getting on the wrong side of people with bad intentions , '' he wrote.Vasupal and his co-founder had said in February they were shutting Stayzilla because the business model was n't viable . They had raised millions of dollars from investors including Matrix Partners and Nexus Venture Partners.Shashank N.D. , founder and chief executive of healthcare startup Practo Technologies , said the episode may well set a precedent for how startup founders fare when they deal with unpaid suppliers . `` If this can happen to a well-known , well-backed startup , what can happen to smaller ones ? , '' said Shashank , who also signed the letter . `` Startups need the safety net of basic law and order . We are not asking for anything special . `` The signatories to the letter say they want more than freedom for Yogi . They called for an independent investigation into the arrest and whether local authorities abused their power . `` What Yogi and his family are going through now make India look like the worst place , a nightmarish choice to become an entrepreneur , '' the letter says . `` This has had global repercussions and besmirched India 's reputation in Silicon Valley and elsewhere . `` © 2017 Bloomberg L.P
BILL PLASCHKE Lakers lose not just a game but their dignity in rout by Clippers
The Clippers are unstoppable in a 142-94 victory at Staples Center , but that 's overshadowed by the Lakers ' spirit-less showing .
On a night when the Clippers were unstoppable , their brilliance was still overshadowed by the Lakers ' heartless lousiness , and enough about how they are missing Kobe Bryant and Steve Nash .
Why on earth would anybody want to actually spend money to watch or sponsor or contribute anything to this once-proud franchise again this season after they openly mocked their legacy and culture in a 142-94 loss to the Clippers ?
Even those cheering for the Lakers to tank games were surely shocked and saddened Thursday night when , on their own floor against their hallway neighbor , they tanked effort . They tanked intensity . They tanked trust .
Does that mean they also have to be missing pride ? Has there also been a season-ending injury suffered by dignity ? Does that make it OK to come within a basket of losing to the Clippers by 50 ?
It was the biggest losing margin in Lakers history . It was the biggest winning margin in Clippers history . It was the worst night in this worst of Lakers seasons , which might have made it the Lakers ' worst night ever .
It was so bad that Lakers fans , usually demanding curators of Lakers greatness , did n't even boo . It 's hard to boo a comedy . It 's unseemly to boo a farce .
Before the game , Clippers Coach Doc Rivers walked into a media scrum outside the Lakers ' locker room and jokingly said , `` Get off my wall , give me some room ! '' Turns out he was serious . Even when the floor says `` Lakers '' and the cheerleaders ' uniforms say `` Carl 's Jr. , '' this is now the Clippers ' house . Rivers took some flak at the start of the season for covering up the Lakers ' championship banner during Clippers home games , but here 's wishing he could have also covered them on Thursday .
Looking down on this dispirited mess of a team , Lakers history wept .
The Lakers trailed by only two entering the second quarter , and then were outscored 44-13 during a period in which they also were outscored 19-0 in fastbreak points .
The Clippers ran , and the Lakers did n't . The Clippers fought , and the Lakers fled .
Blake Griffin missed an alley-oop layup , fought off two Lakers for the rebound , and scored on a layup . Danny Granger wandered in untouched for an offensive rebound and layup , Darren Collison followed him moments later untouched for a layup , then Matt Barnes hit an open three-pointer , then Hedo Turkoglu hit an open three-pointer , then DeAndre Jordan threw down an alley-oop dunk , and you had enough yet ?
We have n't even mentioned Chris Paul yet , probably because the Clippers would have won this game by 40 points with Cliff Paul .
Even when one of the Lakers showed some spark , the other four quickly snuffed it out . During one particularly embarrassing moment , Jordan Farmar actually won a baseline fight for a loose ball and valiantly threw it back in bounds near midcourt . Yet none of his teammates made a move to grab the ball . Barnes picked it up for the Clippers and threw it to Griffin for — you guessed it — an alley-oop dunk .
Farmar glared at all of his teammates as he walked to the bench . None of them could even look him in the eye . On this night , it was amazing any of the Lakers could look anybody in the eyes .
The one time the Lakers tried to get tough , they only got worse . Kent Bazemore exchanged words and glares with Griffin after Bazemore was knocked down on a hard foul … but then Bazemore missed both free throws .
With the Pool stages of the Rugby World Cup coming to an end , and sadly with all Tier Two Nations heading home , Last Word On Sports have decided to put together a Rugby World Cup ‘ dream team ' from Tier Two Nations . as they have produced some of the most memorable moments of 2015 tournament .
This DREAM TEAM has six Fijians , five Japanese , two Canadians with one each from Georgia and Tonga . Any number of players could captain this side , and in several positions we had to make two choices in fact ( A and B )
There are players that have honourable mentions as well , as they did exceptionally well in their positions and are worthy of high praise for bringing pride to the ‘ minnows ' teams during pool play . It has been another wonderful event , even if no official Tier Two sides made the quarterfinals – Japan have broken inside the Top 10 ranked sides , with only England the other Top 10 team who did not qualify .
____________________________________________________________
15 ( a ) AYUMU GORUMARU ( JAPAN ) The mainstay of the Japanese Team , with his accurate kicking and devastating runs . Named Man of The Match in two separate games , he scored some beautiful tries with a personal points total of 58 points .
( b ) Tim Nanai-Williams ( SAMOA ) His 42 carries , 5 line breaks , 277 meters ran and five offloads . Outstanding for Samoa , would have done better if his teammates supported him better . Will do well for the Sevens team in the World Series .
14 ( a ) DTH VAN DER MERWE ( CANADA ) Was on top of his game for the Canadians even though his team did n't win a game . Scored four tries , 45 carries , 20 carries over gain line , seven line breaks , he ran 389 meters with five offloads and five turnovers . Could feature in the final dream team of the tournament too . Who would n't want him in his team ?
( b ) Telusa Vaeinu ( TONGA ) was ‘ cool under pressure ' especially under high balls and made some scintillating runs : eight line breaks in counter attack , only to be let down by lack of execution from his teammates .
Asaeli Tikoirotuma ( FIJI ) is another winger who stood out , as he made plenty of offloads and started that counter attacking run which resulted in a memorable try scored by Vereniki Goneva against Wales .
13 . CIARAN HEARN ( CANADA ) Combined well with Van Der Merwe , made 46 carries and crossed the gain line on numerous occassions . Did his best for Canada all throughout .
Paula Kinikinilau ( ROMANIA ) and Vereniki Goneva ( FIJI ) both had a great tournament with their respective teams .
12 ( a ) LEVANI BOTIA ( FIJI ) Played two games but made his presence known in each . A bright future for Fiji rugby , he made six line breaks and pulled some great try saving tackles and crucial turnovers during his time on field .
( b ) Ray Lee Lo ( SAMOA ) Was very stable in his role , made seven line breaks with five offloads . Played his best against the Scottish and has learned plenty in his time with The Hurricanes .
Florin Vlaicu ( ROMANIA ) His last minute penalty helped his team beat Canada , after trailing 15-0 at the break to record the greatest comeback in Rugby World Cup history .
11 . NEMANI NADOLO ( FIJI ) Another player who had a great tournament , scoring two tries and kicking pretty well for the Fijians . If the Fijians find a way soon to get more quality ball to him , this is a man you will be hearing more off leading into the next Rugby World Cup .
Kotalo Matsushima ( JAPAN ) Played well for the Japanese feisty and skillful . Adrian Apostol ( ROMANIA ) A late replacement , he scored two fine tries and has a bright future for the Oaks .
10 . BEN VOLAVOLA ( FIJI ) Like Botia , he is a future star in the making . Scored a beautiful try against the Aussies , made five offloads , has huge potential when he finally works out his kicking game but Volavola has shown glimpses of a great five-eighth in the making . The Crusaders can only benefit from his potential , as will the Flying Fijians .
Theuns Kotze ( NAMIBIA ) Had a good tournament getting 35 points , and Kurt Morath ( TONGA ) and Tusi Pisi ( SAMOA ) were consumate professionals for their teams .
9 . FUMIAKI TANAKA ( JAPAN ) One of the leaders in the Japanese team , the main link between the forwards and backs . Small in stature but played like a true Samurai Warrior and carried on his positive energy exposure to The Highlanders winning culture .
Kahn Fotuali ' i ( SAMOA ) A great player , he excelled in his swift passing . Nemia Kenatale ( FIJI ) , Nikola Matawalu ( FIJI ) as well as the feisty Augustin Ormaechea ( URUGUAY ) all deserve a special mention .
8 ( a ) MAMUKA GORGODZE ( GEORGIA ) Leading his country from the front , he won two Man Of the Match awards , made eight offloads , 41 tackles and collected seven turnovers . A very inspirational captain .
( b ) Amalaki Mafi ( JAPAN ) The future of Japanese rugby , a well rounded player who always makes an instant impact when he gets on the field .
Viliame Ma'afu ( TONGA ) , Aaron Carpenter ( CANADA ) and Netani Talei ( FIJI ) all played very well .
7 . AKAPUSI QERA ( FIJI ) Captain courageous led his troops well especially playing against three Tier 1 Nations in 13 days . won 7 turnovers and that too against tough oppositions speaks volumes of his capabilities .
Andrew Durutalo ( USA ) He won 6 turnovers but was one of the standouts for the Eagles , who as a group had a disappointing tournament . Tinus Du Plesis ( NAMIBIA ) this man gives his all in every game , he played his heart out for his country .
6 . MICHAEL LEITCH ( JAPAN ) Every rugby coach would want this man in his team . Eddis Jones commended his strong leadership of the Cherry Blossoms , a key figure in that famous victory over the Springboks , he made 60 carries with 36 carries over gain line and his 51 tackles demonstrated a big heart . Your ideal blindside flanker .
Maurie Fa'asavulu ( SAMOA ) Sione Kalamafoni ( TONGA ) and Jacques Burger ( NAMIBIA ) who each did their best too for their sides , with the latter playing in his last tournament [ played in three World Cups ] A great ambassador of Namibian Rugby .
5 . LEONE NAKARAWA ( FIJI ) Aussie rugby commentator Gordon Bray labelled him as his ‘ Player of the Tournament ' . A hard worker with a powerful fend and good hands . Great ability to release offloads at will , runs like a back and wins turnovers like a flanker . 42 carries , 19 carries over gain line , 10 offloads ( the highest in the tournament so far ) and nine turnovers , which is second only to David Pocock . Should be in that shortlist of World Rugby ‘ Player of the tournament ' bearing in mind he played superbly against three Tier One nation in only 13 days . Take a bow .
Jamie Cudmore ( CANADA ) The bad boy of rugby , he always plays to his utmost , and his attempt to eavesdrop the French pack was classic .
4 . LUKE THOMPSON ( JAPAN ) Together with Leitch , they led from the front to bring Japanese rugby to where it is now ; the only team to win three games but not to qualify for the knock-out stages . Japan were minnows before , but ended the tournament as conquerors . Thompson has a superb workrate , solid player with great lineout skills , he made 49 tackles and won five turnovers .
Samu Manoa ( USA ) Anther who stood out for the Eagles team , he gave his all . Made 57 carries and with 26 carries over the gainline , this player has plenty to offer the Manu .
3 . MANASA SAULO ( FIJI ) Fiji 's unsung hero , The Rock he anchored the scrums very well and that helped the Fijians demolish several Tier One Nations scrums , most notably Wales .
Levan Chilachara ( GEORGIA ) Stood his ground against the mighty Kiwi scrum . Census Johnston ( SAMOA ) Did his job well and would fit into many Premier sides .
2 . SHOTA HORIE ( JAPAN ) Connected well with Thompson and Leitch in the lineouts , made good runs . His stint in Super Rugby has helped him mature as a player .
Sunia Koto ( FIJI ) Could be his last tournament , but played very well with his front row partners Saulo and Ma'afu to take Fiji scrummaging to new heights .
1.SOANE TONGA'UHIA ( TONGA ) One of the best loosehead props in the World , he proved that against the All Blacks and Los Pumas .
Campese Ma'afu ( FIJI ) and Keita Inagaki ( JAPAN ) were each impressive .
__________________________________________________
With a side manned by these 15 players , it would be a great World XV to challenge any Tier One nation .
NOTE : all stats taken from rugbyworldcup.com
“ Main photo ”
This might not even register as news for many , but now it 's official : The 101 freeway is America 's `` Highway from Hell . ''
A new report by Auto Insurance Center ( via the Daily News ) analyzed commutes in 471 urban areas to find the 10 worst commutes in the U.S. and put the 101 in the top slot .
It singles out both morning and evening commutes on Wednesdays as the two worst times to commute on the stretch of the 101 from Southwest San Fernando Valley into Downtown . On a Wednesday morning , traveling between Topanga Canyon Boulevard in Woodland Hills and Vignes Street in Downtown takes an average of 91 minutes , with an infuriating average speed of just 17 mph .
Evenings are n't much better . The report found that driving between the 405/101 intersection in the Valley to Soto Street Downtown on Wednesday evenings takes about 70 minutes , with an average speed of 19 mph .
The 101 is n't LA 's only traffic woe . Los Angeles dominates the realm of terrible commutes , claiming six of the 10 entries on the report 's list . Wednesday evenings on the 10 , between Downtown and Santa Monica , clocked in as the third worst commute , with average speeds crawling up to just 12 mph for the duration . Also making the list was the I-5 east out of Downtown and another mention of I-10 , this time for commutes into Culver City .
Slow commutes not only translate into frustrated drivers , they are also costly at the gas pump as well . The study found the average Angeleno wastes $ 1,711 in fuel and time costs while stuck in traffic . During peak congestion on the 101 , driving 26 miles of bumper to bumper traffic is the equivalent of driving 84.1 miles at 55 mph .
Need more depressing figures to chew on ? The insurance center calculates that in the span of 40 years , LA drivers spend an estimated 6.7 months of their lives stuck in traffic .
So , how are we coming along on those self-driving cars ?
President Trump unleashed a tweetstorm on Sunday about the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , praising Republican unity , rejecting claims of “ collusion ” and urging an investigation into Hillary Clinton 's possible links to Moscow .
“ ​Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier ( now $ 12,000,000 ? ) , the Uranium to Russia deal , the 33,000 plus deleted Emails , the Comey fix and so much more , ” he wrote on Twitter .
​ ” Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia ​ ” collusion , ” which does n't exist . The Dems are using this terrible ( and bad for our country ) Witch Hunt for evil politics , but the R 's ​are now fighting back like never before . There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton , and now the facts are pouring out . DO SOMETHING ! , ” he said .
Trump 's twitter explosion comes as CNN reported that special counsel Robert Mueller , who 's investigating Russian interference in the election and any links to the Trump campaign , is expected to announce his first indictments in the case as soon as Monday . ​
​The president has called Russia 's involvement in the election a “ hoax ” and said the allegations his campaign colluded with Moscow were prompted by Democrats who were upset that he defeated Clinton .
In his tweets , he referenced new revelations about a dossier that contained unsubstantiated but salacious claims linking him to the Russians .
A Washington Post report last week said a lawyer working for Clinton 's campaign paid Fusion GPS to do opposition research on Trump that resulted in the dossier .
He also brought up the Uranium One deal , donations to the Clinton Foundation and the 33,000 emails missing from a private server she used when she was secretary of state .
Trump also railed about former FBI Director James Comey 's clearing Clinton of charges for using the server , after some Republicans questioned the timing of the announcement .
​
EAST RUTHERFORD — Coach Tom Coughlin had a few words for his Giants players before they scattered across the country during the bye week . He told them to be prepared , because when they return , something big would happen .
`` He said to prepare yourself , '' veteran linebacker Mark Herzlich said . `` Prepare yourself for this great run we 're going to make . It was n't a question of if we 're going to make a run . It was ... we 're going to make a run . ''
The Giants ( 3-4 ) have their work cut out for them to make that happen . Their next four games are against Indianapolis , Seattle , San Francisco and Dallas . The defending champion Seahawks ( 3-3 ) have the worst record of the group . Winning in Seattle still remains one of the most difficult tasks in the NFL .
It 's going to be difficult , and there most certainly is no time for any more Giants slip-ups . They lost their first two games , won three straight and have dropped their last two before the bye week .
Coughlin made it clear that they 've put themselves in a position where they ca n't absorb another skid .
`` When we get back , it 's time to win , '' wide receiver Preston Parker said of the coach 's message . `` Everybody knows what time it is . ''
Rookie wide receiver Odell Beckham came away from Monday 's meeting with the impression that there was ample time for the team to hit a hot streak . The Giants still have more than half their season remaining .
`` We 're 3-4 , '' Beckham said , `` but it 's a long season . ''
If the Giants are n't careful , it can get short on them quick , especially with their upcoming schedule . And the real question with this year 's team may be whether they can get healthy ( starters Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie , Rashad Jennings , Jon Beason and Cullen Jenkins are currently struggling with injuries ) and have enough talent to emulate some Giants teams of the past .
`` You have to maneuver some of the talent around , '' Coughlin said . `` I think the talent is there . We have to get the best out of them every time we line up . There is no doubt about that . We ca n't make up for the loss of the players , but every team has those issues . ''
The talent issue remains up for debate . The Giants appeared outclassed in recent weeks against the division-rival Eagles and Cowboys .
Still , what is n't in question is that the Giants coach and quarterback are remaining awfully optimistic .
`` I told the guys we 've had a long stretch with seven games , five preseason game . We 've played a lot of football . It 's good to get away from it [ during the bye week ] , '' quarterback Eli Manning said . `` Told them , hey , make sure you get away , still get some workouts and make sure when you come back we know what is ahead of us .
`` We know what the challenge is ahead of us to get ready and make the big run . ''
The Giants have done it in the past with Manning as the quarterback and Coughlin as the coach . But they had a much different supporting cast around them . It was a much more seasoned , veteran crew . The Giants have 22 players on their active roster that were n't with the team last year .
And on the offensive side of the ball Sunday in Dallas , they started three rookies , a center who had n't started in a game in almost three years prior to this season , a wide receiver who was out of the league until the Giants called and a tight end who had three career receptions prior to 2014 . On defense , they lost three starters mid-game on Sunday and were trying to survive with a rookie ( linebacker Devon Kennard ) , unproven product ( cornerback Jayron Hosley ) and an unknown ( cornerback Chandler Fenner ) sprinkled throughout the lineup .
The final result was n't what they were hoping for . The Giants lost 31-21 to the Cowboys and sit three games out of first place with nine remaining .
Coughlin 's one caveat when delivering his message to the team seems obvious -- they must improve .
`` We have nine games left to play , '' he said . `` Maybe , hopefully , we 'll be able to talk about this team being a lot better than you see it right now . ''
Otherwise , they can kiss that `` big run '' goodbye .
Jordan Raanan may be reached at jraanan @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ JordanRaanan . Find NJ.com Giants on Facebook .
Page Content
Board Meeting - 9/25/2018
Docket
Update August 2 , 2017 : ​
On July 7 , 2017 , about 2356 Pacific daylight time ( PDT ) , Air Canada flight 759 ( ACA759 ) , an Airbus A320 , C-FKCK , was cleared to land on runway 28R at San Francisco International Airport ( SFO ) , San Francisco , California , but instead lined up on parallel taxiway C , where four air carrier airplanes were awaiting takeoff clearance , including United Airlines flight 1 ( UAL1 ) , a Boeing 787 ; Philippine Airlines flight 115 , an Airbus A340 ; United Airlines flight 863 , another Boeing 787 ; and United Airlines flight 1118 , a Boeing 737 ( see figure 1 ) . ACA759 descended below 100 ft above the ground , and the flight crew advanced the thrust levers to initiate a go-around about the time it overflew the first airplane on the taxiway . The flight was operating under 14 Code of Federal Regulations Part 129 as an international scheduled passenger flight from Lester B. Pearson International Airport , Toronto , Canada . Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the incident .
Figure 1 shows the positions of the airplanes on taxiway C. The top diagram is from Harris Symphony OpsVue radar track data analysis , and the bottom picture is from the SFO airport video . Altitudes are shown in mean sea level ( msl ) ; ground level is 13 ft msl . Airplanes in the top diagram are not to scale .
The National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) was notified of the incident on Sunday , July 9 , and initiated an investigation . The NTSB investigator-in-charge has formed the following groups : Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) , Operational Factors , Human Performance , Airports , and Flight Data Recorders ( FDR ) . Parties to the investigation include the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . In accordance with International Civil Aviation Organization Annex 13 , the Transportation Safety Board of Canada has appointed an accredited representative for the State of Registration/Operator . The Canadian accredited representative has appointed Air Canada , Transport Canada , and Air Canada Pilots Association as technical advisors .
The ATC group reviewed Airport Surface Detection Equipment Model X ( ASDE-X ) /Airport Surface Surveillance Capability ( ASSC ) data associated with the incident . The group , with members of the Operational Factors and Human Performance groups , also conducted interviews with controllers and management personnel at the SFO ATC tower and the Northern California Terminal Radar Approach Control ( TRACON ) .
The Operational Factors and Human Performance groups conducted interviews with the incident flight crew and the flight crew of the airplane that landed on runway 28R minutes before the incident . The groups obtained statements from the flight crewmembers of the aircraft that were holding on taxiway C at time of the incident . Nighttime observations of the airport lighting from the ground and air were also conducted . The groups will be visiting Air Canada in Toronto , where the flight crew was based , to review records and interview company personnel .
The incident airplane 's cockpit voice recorder had been overwritten , so NTSB investigators did not have that data .
This update does not provide the probable cause for the incident and does not contain analysis of information collected thus far in the NTSB 's ongoing investigation . As such , no conclusions regarding the cause of the incident should be made from this preliminary information .
The following facts are provided as an investigative update :
· Airport
o Runway 28L was closed to accommodate construction ; its approach and runway lights were turned off , and a 20.5-ft-wide lighted flashing X ( runway closure marker ) was placed at the threshold . Construction on runway 28L was part of a project that started on February 21 , 2017 , and notices to airmen were issued to alert operators of its operational status .
o Automatic Terminal Information Service Q was current and included an advisory that runway 28L was closed and that its approach lighting system was out of service .
o Runway and approach lighting for runway 28R were on and set to default settings , which included a 2,400-ft approach lighting system , a precision approach path indicator , touchdown zone lights ( white ) , runway centerline lights ( white at the approach end ) , runway threshold lights ( green ) , and runway edge lights ( white at the approach end ) .
o Lights for taxiway C were also on and set to default settings that included centerline lights ( green ) along its length . Default settings also included edge lights ( blue ) and centerline lights ( green ) illuminating the transition or stub taxiways from the runway to the taxiway .
· Pilots
o The captain was the pilot flying ACA759 , and the first officer was the pilot monitoring . Both pilots held Canadian airline transport pilot certificates .
o The captain had over 20,000 total flight hours , of which about 4,797 hours were as captain in Airbus A320‑series airplanes . The first officer had about 10,000 total flight hours , of which over 2,300 hours were in Airbus A320-series airplanes.=
· ATC
o There were no known ATC equipment discrepancies .
o Normal air traffic staffing for the ATC tower midnight shift included two controllers . On the evening of the incident , one controller was in the tower cab .
o At 2349 PDT ( 7 minutes before the incident ) , all positions in the ATC tower ( controller-in-charge local control , local control assist , ground control , flight data , and clearance delivery ) were combined at the local control position .
· The Incident
o At 2346:30 PDT , Northern California TRACON cleared ACA759 for the FMS bridge visual runway 28R approach .
o FDR data indicate that , during the final 3 nautical miles of the approach , the airplane 's flightpath was lined up with the taxiway and maintained the runway heading .
o At 2355:46 PDT , when ACA759 was about 0.7 mile from the landing threshold and about 300 ft above ground level ( agl ) , the flight crew contacted the ATC tower , mentioned seeing lights on the runway , and requested confirmation that the flight was cleared to land .
o As ACA759 approached SFO , at 2355:52 PDT , the airplane flew too far right of course to be observed by the local controller 's ASDE-X/ASSC and was not visible on the ASDE-X/ASSC display for about 12 seconds .
o At 2355:56 PDT , when ACA759 was about 0.3 mile from the landing threshold , the local controller confirmed and recleared ACA759 to land on runway 28R .
o The flight crew of the first airplane in queue on taxiway C ( UAL1 ) transmitted statements regarding ACA759 , one of which mentioned the alignment of ACA759 with the taxiway while ACA759 was on short final ( see figures 2 and 3 ) . The flight crew of the second airplane in queue on taxiway C switched on their airplane 's landing lights as the incident airplane approached .
Figure 2 shows UAL1 's transmission at 2356:01 and ACA759 's position as it approaches the taxiway .
Figure 3 shows UAL1 's transmission at 2356:04 and ACA759 's position as it overflies the first airplane waiting on the taxiway ; note that the second airplane has turned on its landing lights .
o The incident pilots advanced the thrust levers when the airplane was about 85 ft agl . FDR data indicate that the airplane was over the taxiway at this time , approaching the vicinity of taxiway W .
o At 2356:04 PDT , ACA759 reappeared on the local controller 's ASDE-X/ASSC display as it passed over the first airplane positioned on taxiway C .
o About 2.5 seconds after advancing the thrust levers , the minimum altitude recorded on the FDR was 59 ft agl .
o At 2356:10 PDT , the local controller directed ACA759 to go around . The airplane had already begun to climb at this point ( see figure 4 ) .
Figure 4 shows the local controller 's transmission to ACA759 at 2356:10 to go around and ACA759 's position after overflying two airplanes on the taxiway .
· In postincident interviews , both incident pilots stated that , during their first approach , they believed the lighted runway on their left was 28L and that they were lined up for 28R . They also stated that they did not recall seeing aircraft on taxiway C but that something did not look right to them .
Additional information will be released as warranted . The docket for the investigation will be opened to the public before release of the final report . NTSB investigations generally take 12 to 18 months to complete . Any updates can be found on this page.​
The following is initial information on the incident investigation as of July 17 , 2017 :
Parties to the investigation are the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association .
In accordance with International Civil Aviation Organization Annex 13 , the Transportation Safety Board ( TSB ) of Canada has appointed an accredited representative for the State of Registration/Operator . The Canadian accredited representative has appointed Air Canada , Transport Canada , and Air Canada Pilots Association as technical advisors .
The NTSB investigator-in-charge has initially formed the following groups :
Air Traffic Control ( ATC )
Flight Crew Operations ( Ops )
Human Factors ( HF )
Flight Data Recorder ( FDR )
The Ops and HF groups interviewed the captain of the incident airplane on Friday and will be interviewing the first officer on Tuesday ( July 18 ) .
The ATC and HF groups began interviewing the ATC controllers at SFO and Northern California TRACON on Sunday and expect them to run through about Wednesday .
The TSB has provided the NTSB with the FDR data from the incident airplane .
The NTSB has obtained a security camera video from SFO of the incident approach that will be released along with the other factual information when the public docket for this incident is opened in the next several months .
Additional information will be released as warranted .
Every Oasis is nothing if not ambitious . In fact , its ambition is the biggest thing it 's got going for it : It 's an action RPG ; it 's a dungeon crawler ; it 's a city-building simulation game .
Developer Grezzo and its staff has helped out on several well-known adventure and role-playing games , a compelling resume when going into Ever Oasis . The studio was responsible for the Nintendo 3DS remakes of both The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask . Its president , Koichi Ishii , kicked off his career working on the first three Final Fantasy games and later created the Seiken Densetsu , or Mana , series . Grezzo 's also made some quirky , original action games exclusive to Nintendo eShop .
As the studio 's first big , solo-developed original title , Every Oasis feels like a mixture of all of these projects . As a big fan of both adventure games and RPGs , I was at first drawn to that combination . But when baked into Ever Oasis , these genres are reduced to their most basic parts — almost always for worse .
`` Basic '' covers Ever Oasis on nearly every level , from storytelling to gameplay . A young hero of your design must help a friendly water spirit build up a new village , or oasis , after all the others in the land are felled by a mysterious energy known as chaos . It 's not enough for this oasis to be built ; the hero must also ensure that it 's `` perfect '' by recruiting as many townsfolk as possible , setting up shops , gardening and holding festivals .
This town simulation is endearing at first , if simplistic . It can be fun to take on sidequests from visitors in the hopes of convincing them to take up permanent residence in the oasis . But I grew tired of the repetitive nature of attaining perfect oasis status . The cadence of `` new visitor , sidequest , new resident , new shop , etc . '' became a chore . Those missions were generally fetch quests , and those shops required constant attendance and restocking — so when I say keeping up with them was `` a chore , '' I mean a chore .
Few of these characters you 're meant to woo have much in the way of personality , making them all blend together . The city-building 's blandness benefits Ever Oasis ' other main feature , however . The game is primarily an action RPG , with an expansive map and dungeons to run through . The player controls a party of up to three characters ( two townies alongside your hero ) , each of whom has a unique ability needed to complete puzzles and clear areas .
The only villagers I could tell apart were the ones I battled alongside during dungeons and other combat-oriented quests . I came to care about them as I worked hard to protect them in battles , even appreciating their very occasional quips out of battle because of all the time we spent together . Yet I only could identify them by their skillsets , not by any other , actual traits ; they became functional , not familiar . If I had any favorite characters among Ever Oasis ' large cast , it was because they were the strongest and fastest in fights .
Being strong and fast is key for the game 's various combat missions , because action is a plodding slog otherwise . The real-time battles are fun at first because of the different abilities at play ; the hero has a powerful gust of wind that only he can control , while another has a giant hammer that 's fun to slam down on enemies . As the amount of enemies I took on increased , though , fights became tedious ; the action frequently got chaotic as I struggled to switch between slow-moving characters and pick opponents off .
The three-member cap is a big reason why this became frustrating , not just exhausting . Dungeons are big enough to require a ton of different skills to complete , but with only two swappable party members at my disposal at a time , I frequently had to warp out of a dungeon in order to regroup . This feels like an artificial extension of otherwise enjoyable sections of the game , effectively making me like them less and less with every new occasion that I have to leave .
Every Oasis is a combination of several better games
I also came to loathe dungeons because of how many times I had to revisit them , usually for those repetitive fetch quests or some other minor step toward accomplishing the game 's overarching plot . Later on , Every Oasis evolves from a slow-paced , forgettable action game-meets-citybuilding sim to … a generic quest-for-the-crystal adventure , albeit with all of the rest of that stuff still core to the experience . It becomes overwhelming , with so many different components to take care of .
At least Every Oasis is never punishing , despite its many moving parts . The linear nature of the game meant that I almost always knew where to go , although some puzzles had me throwing my hands up in fury at their inane solutions . The thing I had the most trouble with was the game 's camera , which was terribly unfocused and usually accounted for either my death or my inability to find a quest 's solution .
Middle East experts at major U.S. think tanks were hacked by Chinese cyberspies in recent weeks as events in Iraq began to escalate , according to a cybersecurity firm that works with the institutions .
The group behind the breaches , called `` DEEP PANDA '' by security researchers , appears to be affiliated with the Chinese government , says Dmitri Alperovitch , chief technology officer of the firm CrowdStrike . The company , which works with a number of think tanks on a pro bono basis , declined to name which ones have been breached .
Alperovitch said the firm noticed a `` radical '' shift in DEEP PANDA 's focus on June 18 , the same day witnesses reported that Sunni extremists seized Iraq 's largest oil refinery . The Chinese group has typically focused on senior individuals at think tanks who follow Asia , said Alperovitch . But last month , it suddenly began targeting people with ties to Iraq and Middle East issues .
This latest breach follows a pattern identified by experts of Chinese cyberspies targeting major Washington institutions , including think tanks and law firms . It 's rarely clear why Chinese cyberspies hack specific American targets , but experts say there are a few clues to why the DEEP PANDA group may have been interested in Middle East experts at think tanks .
China 's need for natural resources has skyrocketed along with its economic profile , and the country has increasingly turned to the Middle East to fuel its energy needs . China surpassed the U.S. as the world 's largest net importer of petroleum and other liquid fuels last September , according to the US Energy Information Administration . In Iraq , China is a major oil investor .
`` It would n't be surprising if the Chinese government is highly interested in getting a better sense of the possibility of deeper U.S. military involvement that could help protect the Chinese oil infrastructure in Iraq , '' wrote Alperovitch in a company blog post .
Experts say that breaking into organizations like think tanks can give adversaries access to sensitive communications about international strategy – and potentially allow them to use compromised e-mail accounts to get at other targets : A phishing message coming from a trusted acquaintance at a prominent think tank that asks a user to download an attachment is more likely to succeed than a seemingly random e-mail .
`` If you can go after these indirect targets that have some of the information or you can see who they are communicating with you build up a lot of intelligence , '' explains Benjamin Johnson a former National Security Agency employee who now works at cybersecurity firm Bit9 .
The troubling implication of this is that pretty much everyone is a target , he says . `` If you have a relationship with anyone who has something valuable in terms of information , you yourself are a target because it might be easier for them to go after you than the target directly , '' Johnson explains .
`` It 's similar to when companies are trying to do a merger , and an adversary might go after their law firm or accounting firm where a lot of information might be stored , '' he added .
Experts say Chinese interest in U.S. think tanks is part of a larger information gathering strategy aimed at understanding how Washington works . Chinese officials often assume that think tanks and news outlets are being influenced by the U.S. government as their Chinese counterparts are by Beijing , these experts say .
`` The Chinese think that American think tanks are like Chinese think tanks , '' says James Lewis at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , which has been hacked before . In the midst of the most recent campaign , CSIS staff received an e-mail warning them of phishing attacks , he said .
`` The downside is that they 're going to read this stuff and be confused -- then quite possibly come to the wrong conclusions , '' Lewis explains .
Alperovitch says the digital signatures of the group behind the attack , called `` DEEP PANDA '' by security researchers , indicate it is affiliated with the Chinese government . `` We have attribution details leading us to believe it is operating out of mainland China and traditionally goes after things of interest to Chinese state-owned enterprises and foreign relations information relevant to the Chinese government . '' More technical details on this can be found here .
But despite the rise in attacks on think tanks , Richard Bejtlich , Chief Security Strategist at FireEye and a nonresident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , says he has n't seen a lot of major changes in how think tanks respond to security breaches -- partially because of the very significant price tag associated with a professional cybersecurity force .
`` You do n't tend to see an significant IT department or a large security department , '' said Bejtlich . `` It takes a very high investment to resist a state sponsored group trying to get into your systems . '' And it 's harder to get researchers at think tanks to adhere to stricter security measures at a think tank , he says , because the environment can be more like a university than some place with stricter security needs like a financial institution .
“ A lot of think tanks do n't realize how how lucrative they are because they publish everything they work on , ” Alperovitch explains , `` but fellows working for them often have close connections with government officials . ''
Even after increased awareness of the issue among organizations following widely publicized breaches in recent years , many non-profit think tanks do not have the resources to fend off cyberattacks , according to experts .
DEEP PANDA 's cyberattacks are notable for their extreme stealth , according to Alperovitch . `` The group leverages existing tools on the system and very rarely brings in malicious tools that might be noticed by administrators of that network . '' Instead , the hackers set up scripts that use existing Windows tools to operate malicious programs that run only in memory -- making them almost impossible to detect using traditional forensic methods .
`` These are well-funded , motivated teams that are doing whatever they can to get all this information , '' he warns .
The Washington Post contacted a number of think tanks in Washington regarding the breaches ; most declined to comment directly on whether they had been hacked .
“ The Council 's IT architecture is a priority and we continue to do all we can to reduce our vulnerability , '' a Council on Foreign Relations spokesperson told the Post in a statement . `` We will not comment on reports of specific incidents . ”
`` Brookings takes security extremely seriously , and we constantly monitor the evolving technology landscape to ensure our systems are as secure as possible , '' said Brookings Chief Information Officer Helen Mohrmann in a statement .
A Cato employee who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak on the record acknowledged the organization was probably being targeted , but had not yet identified any breaches . `` We have been beefing up security because we are aware of the interest in think tanks and are always mindful of the possibility , '' he said .
In May , the U.S. government indicted five Chinese military employees on charges related to commercial cyberspying -- accusing them of stealing trade secrets and strategic business intelligence from leading steel , nuclear plant and solar power firms .
The Chinese government denied the allegations , calling them based on `` fabricated facts '' and has consistently disputed that it is engaging in the type of cyber-espionage campaigns that security researchers have identified .
Whether going after private enterprises , non-profits , or government targets , Chinese hacker groups generally cast wide collection nets , according to Johnson . `` Sometimes it 's hard to say exactly what they 're after because it seems like everything of value is on the table , '' he says . `` You name it , they 're going after it . ''
Flower Quartet In The Spotlight
Happy New Year ! It 's still early enough in January for us to be saying that , right ? Anyway , we 've got a change of pace for the first In The Spotlight of 2017 . Today we 're featuring the sublimely talented Flower Quartet . The Flower Quartet are a London-based string quartet made up of classically trained musicians who studied at London 's top conservatoires . These exquisite musicians are the perfect choice for wedding entertainment : just imagine walking down the aisle accompanied by the romantic elegance of a classical rendition of your special song or sipping a glass or two of champagne with your guests , bathed in afternoon sun , as the quartet perform the most beautiful music ever composed . We were joined by the Flower Quartet 's Clem , who let us in on life as a classical musician .
Who is Flower Quartet ?
The Flower Quartet are based in London and are passionate about performing for events . We perform for weddings , private parties , corporate functions and have also toured Europe with Katie Melua . We love what we do which is what we think sets us apart – playing music for events is always a pleasure and it 's an honour to be a part of weddings in particular .
Which song is your most requested ceremony song ?
Definitely Pachelbel 's Canon ! This is a beautiful piece of music and it 's no wonder it 's so popular – there are many other lesser-known pieces to choose from though and I 'm always happy to offer my suggestions to clients wanting something different .
This is a great piece of advice . There 's so much beautiful music out there that people who are n't classical musicians or experts in the genre might not have heard of . If you hire a string quartet , take the time to speak to your chosen performers , they may just introduce you to your new favourite piece of music .
Pachelbel 's Canon in D , performed by Flower Quartet
https : //www.entertainment-nation.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Pachelbel-Cannon.mp3
Do you have a favourite song to perform ?
That 's a difficult one ! Intermezzo Sinfonico by Mascagni is a very beautiful piece to play but if we 're performing for a party then ‘ Happy ' by Pharrell is always great fun and puts big smiles on all the guests ' faces !
Wow . What a wonderful piece of music . A few minutes of that and all the stress of the world melts away . The piece by Mascagni is n't bad either… 😉
Mascagni 's Intermezzo , performed by Flower Quartet
https : //www.entertainment-nation.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Mascagni.mp3
Out of the songs you 've been asked to learn especially for a wedding , which is your favourite ?
We once performed ‘ The Final Count Down ' for a bride to walk down the aisle to . We were a little nervous about this choice but the guests loved it and the bride and groom were smiling from ear to ear so it 's all about choosing the music that 's right for you !
Do you get on with each other all of the time ?
Yes ! Unlike some other professions , we truly enjoy what we do and never feel unhappy about ‘ going to work ' . We 're all great friends and we love playing music – what 's not to like !
What 's the best thing about being in a quartet ?
The best thing about playing in a quartet is sharing wonderful music with your friends . It 's also great getting to play at so many exciting and beautiful venues but the best thing about being in a quartet is definitely the music .
… and what 's the worst ?
We usually leave events before the party really gets started in the evening so we do n't get treated to any of the guest 's killer moves on the dance floor !
What 's the weirdest thing that 's happened to you at a wedding ?
A handful of times in the past one or two of the guests at the event we 've been playing at have turned out to be friends , even when we have no direct link with the client so it is totally unexpected ! It 's always a treat to see a familiar face , though !
And finally , the most important question : Buffet or Hog Roast ?
We 've often left by the time the evening meal is served but curry buffet would be our choice ! So many flavours and something for everyone – win win !
That 's it . Competition cancelled . Curry buffet is obviously the perfect answer to this question . Seriously , nothing else can compete with that ! ( For anyone who is keeping score , that makes it 4-3 to buffet in the complimentary food league . )
Thanks to Clem for taking the time to answer our questions and giving us a peek into the world of classical music and life in a wedding string quartet . Hire Flower Quartet for your wedding or any other event , by getting in touch with us over Live Chat , via email or by calling 0800 53 000 35 . We 're open 10am to 10pm , 7 days a week and look forward to hearing from you !
The Donald Trump administration has notified Congress that Iran has been compliant with its commitments under the 2015 nuclear agreement , and that the administration is reviewing whether a continued suspension of the sanctions serves the national interests of the United States .
In a letter to Rep. Paul Ryan , speaker of the House of Representatives , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the administration has undertaken a full review of the nuclear accord known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) .
`` President Donald J. Trump has directed a National Security Council-led inter-agency review of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action that will evaluate whether suspension of sanctions related to Iran pursuant to the JCPOA is vital to the national security interests of the United States , '' Tillerson said in a statement Tuesday .
The White House must send certification of Iran 's compliance with the JCPOA to Congress every 90 days , and it was the first issued by the Trump administration .
Tillerson , however , accused Iran of being “ a leading state sponsor of terror , through many platforms and methods , '' and noted the administration would review the nuclear deal with that in mind .
Similar accusations leveled by US officials have in the past drawn strong reactions from Iranian authorities . Early this month , Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi advised US Defense Secretary James Mattis against making such `` unwarranted and malicious accusations against Iran . ''
He said Washington should instead oblige its regional allies to halt their widespread financial , ideological , and military support for the terrorist outfits that have been plaguing several countries .
As a candidate in the 2016 presidential election , Trump frequently criticized the JCPOA as “ the worst deal ever negotiated , ” but offered conflicting opinions on whether he would try to scrap it , renegotiate its terms or keep it in place .
Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council - the US , France , Britain , Russia and China plus Germany – sealed the JCPOA in July 2015 following 18 months of intense negotiations .
A meeting of the Joint Commission of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) is pictured during its first meeting at the level of Political Directors at Palais Cobourg in Vienna , on October 19 , 2015 . ( Photo by AFP )
Under the deal , which took effect in January last year , Iran undertook to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions imposed against the Islamic Republic .
Iran has warned that it would restore its nuclear activities to the pre-JCPOA level , if the US fails to keep its end of the bargain .
Read more :
At an international conference on nuclear policy in Washington last month , European Union Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini strongly defended the JCPOA , pointing out that the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) had confirmed Iran 's compliance five times .
Opponents of the JCPOA , including Israel and its allies in the US Congress , accuse Iran of pursuing nuclear weapons and insist that the deal would not guarantee that the country was not striving to that end any longer .
Iran has always said that it seeks to allay international concerns about its nuclear program which is peaceful and civilian .
NORFOLK , Va. ( WVEC ) – Police have arrested and charged a man who reportedly performed lewd acts in the Military Circle area earlier this week .
James Harlow , 56 , was charged with obscene sexual display and indecent exposure .
Ashley Harvey was sitting on the curb outside Artisan Body Piercing and Tattoo when a man exposed himself to her Monday .
“ I 'm sitting on the curb , and some homeless guy comes walking from over here , sits in front of me , pulls his genitals out , and decides to pleasure himself right in front of me ! ” she said .
So appalled she started recording him , but the camera did n't seem to faze him .
“ I 'm like this is not happening right now ! And then it started getting weird , and then I 'm like , wait this is really happening ! I did n't know what to do . I was laughing—I guess it was nervousness , ” she said .
After about 10 minutes , he finally got up and walked away .
“ But then he came and walked back over here , and I told him to stay away from me , and he 's like , ‘ I just wanted to tell you that you 're beautiful . ' ” Ashley said .
Sign up for the daily In the NOW Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the afternoon . Thank you for signing up for the NOW Newsletter Please try again later .
Submit
Ashley says she called police , but when officers got there , it was too late -- the man was gone . The incident happened back on June 9 , but Ashley says the man keeps coming back , and he still has n't been arrested .
“ Nobody has done anything about it . There are a Toys “ R ” Us right here , we have our kids up here sometimes , there are businesses , it 's just gross , ” Ashley said .
Kat Schemmel owns the tattoo shop where Ashley works . She 's frustrated and worried for her employees , customers , and the children in the area .
“ If he 's willing to do that , what 's the next step ? Is he going to get excited one day and try to rape somebody , or does his eye veer towards children ? He needs to be arrested ! He needs to be sentenced . He needs to go through the ‘ maybe I should n't do this reality , ' ” she said .
Norfolk police say they are doing something about it . A report was eventually taken , and they have record of numerous phone complaints . They say they have a description of the man , and patrol officers who work in that area are looking for him .
August 20th , 2014
Dangling the Linux Carrot
There were seven of us gathered at a local watering hole down on Sixth Street in Austin . Just a few friends and associates who had run into each other and decided to pull a couple of tables together and share some time . A couple of them I knew . One was someone I run into professionally on a regular basis . We all had links to each other , in one way or another by various degrees of separation , but none of those links had much to do with technology or computers .
Until then .
Several of us had recently gotten off work and had our laptops or minis with us . There were three on the table and one of us mentioned a particular clip on Metacafe . I opened my laptop and opened a browser to the mentioned link . It was to some contentious exchange between help desk technicians that devolved into a pushing match and ultimately into high-pitched screaming .
Modern-day warriors in the midst of cubicles .
While my Acer was on the table , I absently spun to the next desktop and opened a document I wanted to share with one of my table mates . The guy next to me stopped cold .
“ What did you just do ? ”
I glanced over at him . “ What do you mean ? ”
“ That spin thing on your computer…how did you do that ? ”
I manipulated the touch pad and dropped the desktop to a cube with Atlantis in the background . I spun it and angled it so the top and bottom cap could be seen .
“ You mean this ? ”
The guy on the other side of me heard the conversation and looked over .
“ What program is that . Is it freeware ? ”
I shook my head without looking over at him .
“ No , it 's not a program . It 's Linux . It 's an operating system with 3D capability . ”
“ Like AutoCad ? ”
I shook my head again and answered , maybe a bit too tersely .
“ No , not like AutoCad . It is n't an application or program for Windows . In fact , your Windows computer probably ca n't do this . These are different desktops , all individual from one another , and I can do different things on each one of them at different times . ”
I opened the desktop configuration GUI , expanded the number of desktops to eight and then started flipping between them as I opened different applications on each environment . By then , everyone at the table was trying to get into position to see the Acer . They were talking about how nice it would be to encapsulate a number of tasks and leave them in various states of completion without worrying about losing their work when they switched between them .
Then I hit the shortcut for the water drop effect . Simple things capture simple minds…or so it would seem .
I did n't much feel like doing the whole welcome to Linux thing . Contrary to what some believe , I do appreciate some time outside the box , so to speak , so I switched it back to “ no effects ” and closed the lid .
The guy who first noticed the desktop asked me how he could make his computer do the same thing . I just shrugged .
“ Unless you are willing to use a new operating system without training wheels , you probably ca n't . ”
He scowled for a second or two . “ What the hell does that mean ? ”
I laughed and held up my hands in a disarming manner . “ It does n't mean anything really . Most people who use Windows are stuck in that mindset and ca n't fathom that there are different ways to use a computer . Mental laziness on our part mostly . You 'd probably play with it 30 minutes then give up . ”
Paul , the one guy at the table I did know , grinned and took a pull from his beer .
“ You 're givin ' him fifteen more minutes than I would. ” A couple of the other guys laughed .
But that 's the point . Whether it 's mental laziness or any other excuse , the majority of people presented with change , even for the better ; will status quo themselves into inertia . At least to my experience .
Paul called me early yesterday morning and reminded me about this little exchange . He seemed amused . “ You remember that yuppie throwback that liked your desktop at the bar ? ”
I affirmed that I did .
“ Him and that tall guy are brothers and they work in Asset Development here . We had a meeting Monday and I noticed that both of them were using Linux on their laptops . He was showing me how easy it was . ”
I just smiled to myself and told him he needed to bring more of the female staff on the next boys night out . He said he would .
Sometimes the direct sell method is n't the best way to close the deal . How do you think the whole “ play hard to get ” thing got traction throughout the years ? That method is successful in any number of applications . And really , I was n't wearing my Linux Advocacy hat that evening…I was just a guy relaxing after a day 's work .
Related
I 've never met Julian Assange ; and those Guardian friends who have said I 've had a lucky escape . He 's clearly a bit of pain to deal with . ( Season with whatever further frailties you wish . ) But the deluge of adjectives and animosity dumped at the embassy 's door after last week 's UN arbitrary detention decision seems over-ripe , going on rank . Of course you can roll Swedish allegations and deportation decisions together in best “ rule of law ” fashion : but the UN working group took all that into account .
Here on home turf , papers are fighting to protect Freedom of Information from anally retentive bureaucracies . Information , we say , sets us free . But who charts the boundaries between what may safely be deemed free and what must be wrenched from the jaws of officialdom ? The plain fact is that free means really free : and Assange helped set that benchmark . The UN remembers as much . It remembers the imperatives of freedom we seem to forget .
Blizzard and cheat maker Bossland have been battling in the courts for some time and now Blizzard is seeking $ 8.5m in damages in the US courts .
Blizzard has filed a default judgment ( see court docs ) in the US courts against Bossland . The default judgment is seeking $ 200 for every infringement inside the US which is estimated to be 42,818 infringements . Each infringement has a statutory damage value of $ 200 USD according to the court documents .
Blizzard says that Bossland 's decision to default in this case is “ a calculated and bad-faith tactic designed to shield its unlawful conduct from the reach of United States law. ” The court document states :
“ The relief that Blizzard seeks in this motion is eminently reasonable and appropriate . It is limited only to those Bossland products that violate Blizzard 's rights , and is further limited only to conduct Bossland has committed or may commit in the future within the United States . With respect to monetary relief , Blizzard seeks only the minimum awardable statutory damages for violation of Section 1201 of the Copyright Act . It seeks such an award not to punish Bossland or obtain an unjustified windfall , but as a fair monetary award in lieu of actual damages , which are undoubtedly very large but are extremely difficult to precisely calculate , especially without the benefit of discovery . “
Back in January Blizzard was successful in the German courts against Bossland who were ordered to cease selling Honorbuddy in Germany . Following the ruling , Bossland issued a statement saying they would move operation outside of Germany .
Blizzard has been relentless at pursuing Bossland in the courts over the distribution of the Honorbuddy , Demonbuddy , Stormbuddy , Hearthbuddy , and Watchover Tyrant cheat tools . This latest court filing shows they are determined to put a stop to it .
Thanks PC Invasion .
Happy Father 's Day ! You know the fathers of the Pittsburgh Penguins are having a particularly good one - their sons are Stanley Cup champions , and so , they 've gotten to hang around a very coveted cup the past week . These are the men who helped their sons down this path , so it 's only fitting they get to see them with the ultimate fruit of their labor .
Not that they never saw the Cup with them before . Take Ian Cole , for example : who once saw the Stanley Cup with his dad , and now gets to hold it with him .
This is just beautiful . From how little Cole was , to his incredible shirt , to his dad 's ultimate dad outfit - and note how he was n't touching the Cup ! Smart kid ; he was still a couple of decades away yet from winning it .
His dad has since lost the stache , but he still looks good . Awesome job , Papa Cole .
LITTLE ROCK ( KATV ) -- Tens of thousands of Arkansans will be inthe dark Tuesday night while electric crews work to restore power from thismorning freezing conditions .
Outages became such anissue Tuesday that Arkansas Governor Mike Beebe declared a state of emergencybecause of so many residents without power .
Outages for Entergy Arkansasare hovered around 40,000 Tuesday , and it wants customers to know rising outagesmeans longer wait times . The good news is extra additional help fromsurrounding states is either in the state , or on the way .
As rain and sleet camedown during winter weather , conditions caused wires and power poles to break . Onething that did n't fall was the number of Arkansans without power .
`` As you can see justtoday alone we went from single digits to double digits in a couple of hours , '' said Julie Munsell with Entergy Arkansas as she showed us an outage map of thestate .
Those maps showed GarlandCounty as an area hit hard with more than 8,000 outages at one time , but otherscounties like Pulaski , Conway , and St. Francis experience more have more than3,000 without power .
Entergy is bringing inextra workers . It reports more than 2,300 assisting working are coming into Arkansasto help get the lights back on .
`` Well they 're comingfrom several states around us , including Mississippi , Texas Louisiana . We haveboth crews that we do contract to do work with , and we also have some reliefcoming from our sister utilities , '' Munsell added .
The Electric Cooperatives of Arkansas saidit had an additional 16,000 customers without power Tuesday night .
In Garland County the American Red Cross ofArkansas has opened an emergency shelter at the First United Methodist Churchon Pratt Road in Hot Springs for those residents without electricity .
Bowen defends new temporary visa regime
Updated
Immigration Minister Chris Bowen has defended his plan to release thousands of asylum seekers into the community on bridging visas , despite criticism from one prominent Labor backbencher who fears the changes will create a poverty-stricken underclass .
The Government has effectively admitted that its offshore processing system has been overwhelmed by the large number of asylum seeker boats that continue to arrive , and many people will now have their refugee claims assessed while living in Australia .
Those granted bridging visas will be prevented from working , will not have family reunion rights and will be given only a limited amount of financial assistance for food and accommodation .
The Greens have described the new arrangements as `` more extreme '' than the former Howard government 's policies and have described the visas as essentially the same as the temporary protection visas ( TPVs ) that Labor once railed against .
But Mr Bowen has rejected that , saying : `` There are similarities , and there are differences . ''
`` They 're a temporary visa , that is the case , '' he told ABC Radio National .
`` The Liberal Party way of implementing TPVs , as I understand it , is that after people are taken to Nauru , after they wait that time , then they 're given TPVs when they arrive in Australia .
`` That 's not what we 're doing . ''
Under the Government 's plan , asylum seekers will not necessarily have to go via an offshore detention centre to be issued with a bridging visa .
More than 7,500 asylum seekers have arrived by boat since the Government announced it would reopen the detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru , prompting the Greens and the Coalition to declare Labor 's policies are not working .
Despite that , Mr Bowen insists the Government must do everything it can to try to stop people attempting the dangerous boat journey to Australia .
Underclass
Labor senator Doug Cameron , who has repeatedly criticised the way asylum seekers are treated , has again voiced his concern about the latest moves and declared it is impossible to stop the boats .
`` I do n't want people to come here and starve , I do n't want an underclass to be created in Australia , '' Senator Cameron told reporters in Canberra this morning .
`` If you have a situation where people are thrown into the community , having to rely on charity , you 're creating an underclass .
`` To put someone into the community and put them in poverty , is an issue .
`` With the number of people that are looking to move around the world seeking refuge ... you 're always going to have a situation that boats will come to Australia , '' he added .
`` I do n't think you can stop the boats . I think that 's rhetorical nonsense . ''
Speaking this morning , Foreign Affairs Minister Bob Carr called the bridging visas a `` necessary policy '' and said : `` Offshore processing and the announcement yesterday are proof positive we are not going to allow people smugglers to rule the roost ... we 're not going to allow people smugglers to determine Australia 's migration arrangements . ''
`` We have a 20,000 per year humanitarian intake and that is the second most generous in the world . It 's second only to that of the United States . That increase from 15,000 to 20,000 has edged us above Canada , and I think all Australians can be proud of that . ''
He said the recent voluntary returns of more than 400 `` economic migrants '' to Sri Lanka was proof the Government 's policy was working .
`` Given the large number of displaced people in the world and the instinct of people in Sri Lanka to come here as economic migrants , paying money to people smugglers , imagine how higher the figures would be without offshore processing and without the return of people that 's now taking place .
`` The important point is this - we 've got people coming here , not as refugees , now being returned . ''
'Depressing '
The Government announced yesterday that it had begun transferring asylum seekers - including women and children as young as 10 - to Papua New Guinea 's Manus Island .
It also announced a contract had been signed with a construction firm to begin building a permanent detention centre on Nauru , that will eventually replace the temporary accommodation being used at the moment .
Amnesty International observers have spent the past couple of days on the island inspecting the facilities and have described them as `` depressing '' .
`` People wanting to show us where somebody tried to hang themself - this sort of things that show the level of desperation that people are facing here on Nauru , '' the organisation 's Graham Thom told Radio National .
Mr Bowen says he is not surprised by Amnesty 's criticism given the organisation has never supported offshore processing of refugee claims .
Late yesterday , another detainee was treated by medical staff after attempting self harm . Asylum seekers inside the detention centre say the Iranian man tried to hang himself using a bed sheet within his tent .
Topics : immigration , government-and-politics , federal-government , australia , nauru , papua-new-guinea
First posted
While this is n't an exhaustive audit of all available apps on the market ( that 's what uxtools.co is for ) , it paints a picture of the diverse options available to the modern-day designer ( See something that 's missing ? Let me know in the comments ) .
Modern design has continued to evolve beyond pixel-perfect mockups . The designer is no longer constrained to delivering wireframes and icons , but can make use of a myriad of tools that increase their versatility and make design communication more powerful . Some tools range from research , to hand-offs , to code , but there 's no doubt that today 's big ticket item is the UI prototype .
The iPhone had broken the mobile space wide open , web fonts were available in abundance , and responsive web design practices were well underway . Where Adobe used to hold a monopoly on design , other small start-ups have emerged as industry leaders . Software leaders like InVision and even Google are turning heads as they quietly buy up design software left and right ( more on that later ) .
I was fortunate to enter the professional design world at just the right time .
These high-level questions will lead you to the features that you need in a product . Are you handing off code to engineers ? Do you need fine tuned animation and easing ? Here 's my mental model of the many prototyping solutions available :
Think about the problem you are trying to solve , how much time you have to solve it , and what you need to move forward . Before settling on a specific tool or research method , I ask myself the following questions :
Because of that cost , a prototyping platform should n't be chosen based on its popularity or on the highest fidelity possible . Instead , it should yield the most information with the least amount of investment .
A prototype is a validation tool . It 's used to convince , convey , or confirm structural and aesthetic ideas within an interface . As Bill Buxton explains , they must come later in the ideation process because of their cost :
Try putting five designers in a room and asking for their favorite prototyping applications . After considering platform preferences , imports , and sharing features you 'll likely get five different answers . Most applications have selectively prioritized speed , accuracy , or some other element of prototyping to stay competitive amidst a flood of alternatives . So , how do you choose which is best for you ?
In most cases , you 'll want the biggest bang for your buck : whichever method most accurately answers your question with the least investment . Because after all , all design knowledge has a cost .
Prototyping in Practice
My team at Lucid Software is constantly analyzing and adjusting our process to deliver the maximum design value possible . This means being quick to adopt new practices and , in many cases , new tools . I 've personally experimented with multiple prototyping apps , and I 've seen the value each app can provide in different situations .
InVision
A quick and easy solution to a prototype is to stitch pages together with simple hotspots InVision . It 's a lightweight , quick building process that results in a simple , guided walkthrough . It integrates nicely with Sketch and Photoshop , and lets you build a working prototype within minutes .
Notice the blue box that appears when a user tries to explore other parts of the design ? These prototypes tend to require some handholding , and are often used for very constrained actions and transitions , like switching pages and opening menus .
Do n't expect to animate individual assets and elements , though . These prototypes are limited to basic , raster images like JPG and PNG . They work perfectly for early ideations and proofs-of-concept .
Principle for Mac
Many prototyping tools allow you to move beyond screen transitions , and employ more intricate and detailed micro-interactions . I recently proposed one such animation that was difficult to communicate using static assets and hotspots . I needed consensus from product management , so I was n't overly concerned about remote testing or sharing capabilities .
Because I 'm designing for a robust web app , Lucidchart , hover states and mouse movements are crucial . Several of these apps have gone the well-traveled road of mobile-only design platforms , so my attention quickly turned to Principle . It was desktop-friendly , worked on Mac , and touted its ability to handle micro-interactions .
Principle has taken a more fine-grained approach than InVision . A prototype takes more time to build in Principle , but allows for very fine tuned animation and easing of individual elements . Check out this GIF I produced in about 20 minutes :
If you 're familiar with Keynote 's Magic Move you 'll feel right at home . Principle detects the changes in position , size , color , and more as it transitions between various screen states . These features afford realistic , dynamic interactions that ca n't be replicated with InVisions image-based platform .
Once I was finished , I exported the above GIF and fired it off in a Slack message . From conception to consensus this idea took under an hour , the results was high-fidelity , polished animation .
Principle is top notch for UI motion design . It 's obvious that it was designed from the ground up with this end in mind . For more involved design solutions like remote usability testing with data , however , Principle did n't quite fill my needs .
HTML/AngularJS in Codepen
When I was tasked earlier in the year with improving the page tab experience in the Lucidchart Beta , I needed to get my ideas into the hands of customers . I wanted to send a working , dynamic version of my design to users and ask them to use it themselves .
Customers needed to create real pages and rearrange those pages to their liking . They needed to create , delete , and sort pages like they would in their own workflow . They needed to measure my design against their own priorities .
Only a select few of the available apps on the market take user input , and the input is often a simple field that can be typed into . My prototype needed user input that could be stored , manipulated , and presented in different locations throughout the prototype . I needed code .
I 'm very vocal in my support of designers that code their own prototypes , like when I talked about using Codepen to user test . Creating a coded prototype is often a big investment , though , and not all designers have the time nor resources to do it . For that reason , InVision and Principle are great alternative for a simpler , guided experiences .
In the end I used our Angular component system Lucid Particle to code a realistic experience in Codepen :
The results were phenomenal . Instead of a guided walkthrough , participants were able to simulate their own working environment . Some customers average 3–5 pages while others use over 100 , and each was able to evaluate the prototype through their own experiences .
With a realistic , dynamic prototype these participants gave extremely detailed and invaluable feedback that allowed me to craft the experience to their benefit . I was also able to share this prototype with the engineering team to communicate exactly how the interaction should work . The work I had done to write the CSS and time the animations quickened the development process .
Even though this prototyping experience was immensely successful , it does n't mean that a coded prototype is always the best prototype . The best prototype is the prototype that yields the most information and knowledge with the least investment .
The Current State of Prototyping
As you can see from the diagrams above , the market is currently stacked with “ Clickable Prototype ” tools . Several forward thinkers have set out to solve the same problem , and the design world is benefitting immensely from it . A few outliers are already rethinking how prototypes should be made , however , and I think this industry will look very different even within the next year .
Silverflows turned the issue on its head as it brought prototyping inside of the design process rather than after it . Macaw seeks to take the process a step further by generating real , usable code from the designs themselves . I 'm usually skeptical of the one-size-fits-all approach , but this quote by Mike Finch has me convinced otherwise .
“ I do n't know what sorcery [ Macaw is ] using to make the code but it 's amazing and beautiful . ”
Consider the possibilities now that InVision has purchased both of these companies . The prototyping space will likely look much different even within the next year .
Google also purchased Form and Pixate , both competitors in the industry . Their recent update to Form suggest that these programs will be used to further their efforts with Material Design , and give designers and developers more access to platforms with which to create their Android/Material apps .
I also enjoy creating hybrid apps in my spare time with the Ionic Framework . They 've been hard at work adding to their suite of tools with Ionic Creator . With Creator , a designer will be able to design with Ionic components , and export to App Store-ready code . These apps work on both iOS and Android , and so offer a full start-to-finish solution for building hybrid apps .
THE equivalent of a year 's supply of drinking water will be released from southeast Queensland 's Wivenhoe Dam with further heavy rain forecast for the flooded region .
The dam 's role in last month 's flooding of Brisbane remains controversial , with some critics claiming that earlier releases of water would have stopped the inundation of up to 20,000 properties .
It is one of the topics to be probed by a commission of inquiry this year .
From next weekend , 25 per cent of the dam 's water will be released slowly over nine days , adjusted with rainfall and the tides .
Announcing the massive release today , authorities stressed no homes or farms would be flooded .
Natural Resources Minister Stephen Robertson said the 290,000 megalitre release was needed to make space in the dam to mitigate any further flooding , with heavy rain forecast until April .
The second strongest La Nina weather pattern in history prevailing over Queensland made the `` very conservative and precautionary '' approach necessary , Mr Robertson said .
`` The Brisbane River will not break its banks as a result of these releases , and there will be no significant downstream impacts , '' he told reporters in Brisbane .
Seqwater chief executive Peter Borrows said it was too difficult to say whether a 25 per cent release would stop another flood on the scale of those seen in January - but guessed it was `` extremely unlikely '' .
`` It would have had to have been a major reduction in the storage to have any impact on a major flood event , '' he said .
Mr Borrows stood by the management of the dam , saying it went by the book in the face of unprecedented flooding .
Some 2.6 million megalitres of water flowed into the Somerset-Wivenhoe system in January 's floods , more than double that of 1974 .
SEQ Water Grid chief Barry Dennien said although the release was equivalent to a year 's normal drinking water supply , above average rainfall would mean it would be recovered more easily .
In addition , the Wyaralong Dam was now full , storing 103,000 megalitres of drinking water five years earlier than expected .
`` Our ( water ) security position is very sound , '' he said .
The dam release will have no effect on water bills or restrictions , but will close three bridges downstream of Wivenhoe - Twin Bridges , Colleges Crossing and Savages Crossing - for at least nine days .
Emptying the dam to 75 per cent capacity will be a temporary measure , with its future operation to be informed by the floods inquiry .
Lionsgate 's “ The Quiet Ones ” opened to $ 4 million this weekend , matching “ Vampire Academy ” for the worst wide debut of the year .
Maybe it should n't have been a surprise , since movies dealing with the supernatural have been anything but super so far in 2014 . Typically low-budget , horror movies offer the potential of a high return , but that has n't happened this year — and that 's surprising , because 2013 was a great one for the genre .
Also read : Nick Frost to Make Directorial Debut With Horror Project ( Exclusive )
At this time last year , three horror movies had opened at No . 1 : the Guillermo del Toro-produced “ Mama ” ( $ 28 million ) , Fede Alvarez 's “ Evil Dead ” ( $ 27 million ) and “ Texas Chainsaw 3D ” ( $ 21 million ) . And Blumhouse Productions hits “ Insidious : Chapter 2 , ” “ The Purge ” and “ The Conjuring ” were on the way .
Horror movies are often profitable but rarely turn into blockbusters , which is why the $ 318 million worldwide that New Line 's “ The Conjuring ” wracked up was so impressive .
Compare that with this year 's films .
Relativity Media 's “ Oculus ” has been the best of the batch so far . Written and directed by Mike Flanagan , the tale of a woman ( Karen Gillan of TV 's “ Doctor Who ” ) tormented by spirits within an antique mirror opened at No . 3 with $ 12 million . It fell out of the top ten in two weeks however , and may not hit $ 30 million . Still , with a $ 5 million production budget , that 's the sort of return on investment horror meisters generally have in mind .
Also read : Disney Channel Star Bella Thorne Set for New ‘ Amityville ' Horror Movie ( Exclusive )
In addition to the misfire of the “ The Quiet Ones , ” Fox 's “ Devil 's Due ” debuted in January with $ 8 million and has n't cleared $ 16 million . Paramount 's “ Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones ” opened at No . 2 with $ 18 million , but it 's by far the weakest entry in that franchise 's history .
It 's tricky judging the quality of horror , even for genre fans , who rarely award CinemaScores above a “ C ” — no matter how popular the movie is .
“ I do n't think it 's the quality of the films , ” said BoxOffice.com Vice President and Senior Analyst Phil Contrino . “ ‘ Oculus ' was quite well reviewed , for example . But the genre tends to produce a wave of hits , which are then imitated . I think we 're due for some fresh blood , but I also think that this is a temporary lull , because there 's plenty on the horizon . ”
There is still more than half the year left , so it 's not over . And summer , more typically the season for superheroes rather than bumps in the night , has some potential to reverse the trend .
The next horror film scheduled for wide release is the Jerry Bruckheimer-produced “ Deliver Us From Evil , ” written and directed by Scott Derrickson ( “ Sinister ” ) and starring Eric Bana and Olivia Munn . Sony will open that on July 2 .
Universal will roll out its sequel “ The Purge : Anarchy ” on July 18 . It 's written and directed by James DeMonaco , the man behind the $ 3 million original , which stunned with a $ 34 million debut last summer . Lionsgate has the horror-thriller “ Jessabelle ” set for Aug. 29 , and Open Road will roll out Eli Roth 's “ The Green Inferno ” on Sept. 5 .
Also read : From Frodo to Indie Horror Master : Why Elijah Wood Is Feeling Optimistic About the Film Biz
In the fall , things get interesting — and crowded .
Warner Bros. and New Line have reserved Oct. 3 for the release of an untitled horror project , thought to be “ Crawlspace , ” starring Michael Vartan of TV 's “ Bates Motel . ”
Universal 's “ Dracula Untold , ” set for Oct.17 , will draw the most attention . That 's in part because of its $ 100 million budget and the pedigree of its producers — Legendary Pictures Chairman Thomas Tull and Sony 's Mike DeLuca . The long-gestating thriller — it 's been in development since 2007 — stars Luke Evans as the seminal bloodsucker .
Also read : XYZ Films to Handle International Sales for Kevin Smith 's Horror Movie ‘ Tusk '
The following week its “ Ouija , ” also from Universal , and Paramount 's “ Paranormal Activity 5 . ”
That 's a lot of creepy stuff arriving just before Halloween ; whether it 's too much , we 'll find out then .
In any case , it 'll be far different from last year , when “ Carrie ” was the only wide horror release in the market for the holiday . The remake of Brian DePalma 's 1976 classic , which starred Chloë Grace Moretz , underwhelmed at the box office — making just $ 35 million over the course of its run .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) , the publicly-funded private company that wields heavy influence over policing policy , will be included in the Freedom of Information Act from October next year .
The Ministry of Justice 's announcement today follows criticism of ACPO 's lack of accountability despite its powerful role .
The firm sets national policy and practice , acts as a lobbying organisation for senior officers , and coordinates cross-force investigations and intelligence operations .
Justice minister Michael Wills said : `` ACPO 's functions are concerned with providing leadership for the police force , improving policing , acting as a voice for the force , encouraging high standards of performance and development , providing the strategic police response in times of national need and other ancillary and related functions .
`` Policing is clearly recognised as a function of a public nature . For these reasons it is appropriate to include ACPO ... for all of their functions . ''
Sir Hugh Orde , the former chief constable of Northern Ireland who took over as ACPO president last year , has backed the change .
Wills also said the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service and the Financial Ombudsman Service will be added to the Freedom of Information Act next year . ®
Barcelona ( ACN ) .- The Catalan and Flemish governments have decided to suspend a joint commercial mission to Morocco they were due to start on May 7.The trip , which was to be led by Catalan President , Carles Puigdemont , and Flemish Minister-President , Geert Bourgeois , was cancelled after the Moroccan government “ unilaterally ” decided that no political leader from the country would meet with the two presidents . Sources from the Catalan Government told the CNA that Spanish diplomats urged Rabat to avoid political meetings with the Catalan government during the trip . Pugidemont and Bourgeois regretted the decision in a joint press release , warning that it will negatively affect “ more than 30 Catalan and Flemish companies ” that aimed to improve their commercial relationship with Morocco .
Puigdemont and Bourgeois were due to visit Rabat and Casablanca between May 7 and May 9 , and besides taking part in a joint economic seminar to boost synergies between Catalan , Flemish and Moroccan companies , they had scheduled meetings with the Ports National Agency , the Moroccan agency for Renewable Energies and the Regional Centre for Investment .
“ The leaders of the joint mission have decided to cancel their participation in the trip after the Moroccan government informed , two weeks before the meetings , that no political representative from the country , from any level , would be welcoming them during their stay , ” the Catalan and Flemish press release read .
“ President Carles Puigdemont and the Minister-President Geert Bourgeois regret this unilateral decision by the government of Morocco , ” they said . In particular , they pointed out the problems that this will have for the “ more than 30 Catalan and Flemish companies that wanted to deepen their economic relationships with Morocco ” .
Morocco is a priority for Catalonia 's commercial efforts abroad . Exports there have only risen in the last few years , peaking at 1,283 million euros in 2016 , a 6 % rise in comparison to the year before and almost a fifth of all Spanish exports to the country . Catalonia mostly exports electronical equipment ( 20.9 % ) , plastics ( 7.8 % ) and machinery ( 6.9 % ) to Morocco . Currently , there are 5,321 Catalan companies that export to Morocco , 1,676 of these regularly , and up to 50 have offices in the country . Since 1990 , Catalonia has an Investment Office in Casablanca to boost the links between Catalan and Moroccan companies and to improve the commercial relationship between both countries .
Four Union College students are looking to establish an outdoor public ice rink in Schenectady , pitching the idea to the City Council during a meeting Monday evening .
The senior engineering students said they believe the city needs a convenient place to skate and are proposing to build ice rinks powered by solar panels at city parks such as Central Park , Jerry Burrell Park , Steinmetz Park or Woodlawn Park .
Sean Hanley , Steve Nadel , Matt Perillo and Ryan Tremblay said the idea is to have a full-scale ice rink that would feature a pavilion so it could be accessible year-round .
Hanley and Nadel presented a whopping $ 4 million proposal to the City Council , while Perillo and Tremblay pitched a smaller $ 35,000 project .
“ Schenectady does not have an ice rink for youth , ” Union professor Frank Wicks said at the council meeting . “ Our proposal is a standard-sized ice rink in Central Park , along with community ice rinks at smaller parks across the city . ”
Hanley and Nadel proposed an “ NHL-sized ice rink ” at Central Park 's Iroquois Lake . The project is estimated to cost $ 2 million for construction and $ 2 million for the solar panels , Hanley said .
“ With solar panels , we 're completely cutting off electric costs , so it would be feasible to pay for as it continues to run , ” Hanley said .
Nadel added that children do not have a place to skate in the city besides indoors at Union 's Messa Rink . Also , the ice rink at the Schenectady County Recreational Facility in Glenville is “ constantly booked , ” he said .
“ The addition of an ice rink would greatly improve the quality of Central Park and utilize solar power to be ecofriendly , ” he said .
Nadel said the Central Park rink would come with a flat rate for private groups and teams , and discounted prices for residents , along with fees for nonresidents .
The proposal by Perillo and Tremblay is more scaled back , with several “ volleyball-sized ice rinks , ” also using solar panels , in several parks in the city at $ 35,000 each .
Tremblay said the pair would like to see the rinks at Jerry Burrell Park in Hamilton Hill and Steinmetz Park in Goose Hill .
“ We think it 's a much more cost effective way than a $ 4 million rink , ” Perillo said . “ A majority of the cost would go toward the pavilion to cover the rink , which is $ 20,000 . ”
Perillo said the ice rink would offer free admission and would seek to promote STEM [ Science , Technology , Engineering and Math ] education by teaching kids how refrigeration systems work .
All four students said they believe smaller ice rinks at city parks is a more realistic plan . They mentioned reaching out to the Golub Corp. and the future Rivers Casino and Resort at Mohawk Harbor for funding for the projects .
worth a look
Typically , the City Council fields complaints from residents at meetings . Mayor Gary McCarthy said on Tuesday that it was refreshing to have students come forward with ideas for consideration .
McCarthy , whose administration has more recently focused on rehabilitating the city 's parks , said he would consider a formal proposal for an outdoor solar panel ice rink at a park or two .
“ We would look to review their ideas through the normal process that we look at projects , ” he said . “ We would look at it during the winter , and then next spring or next year at this time see if we can get the construction lined up and have a viable undertaking to create more opportunities in the parks . ”
McCarthy said there are still a lot of unanswered questions regarding the students ' proposal but that the idea is in line with other projects happening in the city .
“ We 're doing the tennis courts , Music Haven and making improvements to the golf course , ” he said . “ If we can do an ice rink , that would be great . And a greener footprint is always better . ”
The city does not have an outdoor ice rink and the pond at Central Park has n't been open for skating for the past several years . There used to be an ice rink at Center City on State Street , but it was relocated to Glenville .
Union College 's Messa Rink , used by the Union College hockey team , is open to the public Mondays and Wednesdays from 12–1:30 p.m. and Sundays from 2–3:45 p.m .
“ I think the rink by the airport has a very high utilization , ” McCarthy said . “ We have to look at if it would hurt that facility or complement it . There will also be some additional costs for the city in terms of maintenance and upkeep . Would there be a revenue stream to support that ? ”
Hanley said that before the group left the council meeting Monday night , Councilman Ed Kosiur suggested they visit Woodlawn Park Saturday morning when volunteers plan to install new playground equipment .
Kosiur said installing an ice rink at the park is Woodlawn 's proposed third phase as part of the park 's master plan . The first and second phases — a pool and a volleyball court — are already complete .
“ Maybe we can be the pilot for what they 're thinking about , ” Kosiur said . “ As far as the cost , I would like to see us get materials donated to us . We can also use it as an outdoor pavilion and continue with the volleyball , and bring community events there with picnic tables . ”
TrustCo Bank employees and volunteers also worked to clean up Woodlawn Park this summer . They put new sand on the volleyball court and installed new trash cans , park benches and a sign .
In addition to Woodlawn , the recently reactivated Recreation Advisory Commission has earmarked $ 250,000 in capital funds for playground equipment at Jerry Burrell , Quackenbush , Hillhurst , Riverside and Steinmetz parks .
A standoff between a consortium of small cable companies and AMC Networks could speed up the death of the cable bundle , sources tell The Post .
The consortium , which represents about 4 million homes , is refusing to pay a demand for what they claim is a tripling of AMC Networks ' fees — and are telling subscribers they can get AMC 's popular “ The Walking Dead ” through streaming services .
The consortium , called the National Cable TV Co-operative , is tired of skyrocketing fees .
Overall , small cable operator margins on pay TV service are about 10 percent .
Meanwhile , the margin on broadband service is as high as 90 percent , insiders said .
That means some small cable operators , faced with carriage standoffs , are n't afraid of killing the TV bundle to speed up cord-cutting because broadband TV is more profitable , cable sources tell The Post .
The shift could influence the bigger cable companies , like Comcast , where this year the number of broadband subscribers passed pay-TV customers .
The possible end of the cable bundle is such a hot topic on Wall Street that BTIG analyst Rich Greenfield is chronicling the issue with the Twitter hashtag # goodluckbundle .
The battle between NCTC and AMC Networks includes GCI in Alaska . The group is ready to drop AMC when its deal expires at 12:01 a.m. Jan 1 .
There 's also a separate dispute with Spanish-language service Univision .
Albert Fried analyst Rich Tullo estimates AMC Networks is receiving 67 cents per subscriber per month under its NCTC deal .
It is looking for a more common market rate of around $ 2 to $ 3 a month , he said .
AMC Networks declined comment on the numbers .
NCTC is standing firm , telling consumers they can watch current episodes of “ The Walking Dead ” via any number of apps , from Vudu to iTunes to Google Play .
But a single episode could cost consumers anywhere between $ 2 and $ 3 while a season pass is $ 27.50 at the Google Play Store or $ 42.99 on iTunes .
The sixth season of “ The Walking Dead ” already began and returns to AMC in February after a short hiatus .
Rich Fickle , chief executive of NCTC , allowed that a fee increase is in order as AMC Networks , run by CEO Josh Sapan , now offers five channels , including BBC America , among other services .
But the size of the ask is what 's at stake . The two sides say the talks continue .
“ The bundle was great for many years , but it 's under pressure and that 's what 's at stake , ” said Fickle , adding that seven big media companies control 90 percent of the costs .
“ We 're hitting an inflection point . We 're a leading indicator , the thread on the sweater , ” said Fickle , explaining that smaller cable companies have been under greater pressure to eat higher programming costs .
AMC said in a statement : “ We have extraordinarily high regard for the NCTC and for its members . We have long supported smaller cable operators , and the particular challenges and considerations that they face in the service of their markets . We will continue to endeavor to do everything we can to make them successful . ”
About
I woke up one morning in a cold sweat . I have this idea that i just ca n't shake , an Electric Board that rides on asphault and moderate shoulder gravel . Most of the framework and physical parts i have obtained , but i have run into hurdles on the component side of the project . The tech i need is out there to complete it , and only the green monster of economics is standing in my way . I am positive I can make this work with a little support from this amazing community .
What i am looking to obtain is a high powered Brushless Motor and the Lithium Batteries to power it , I already have much of what i need in other parts and pieces . My previous career leaves me many of the skill sets needed to build this on my own . No new tech needs to be created in order for this to become funtional .
At the heart of this idea lies my beloved Snowboard , which I havent riden in far too long . Living in California in a drought has its costs . I would not be willing to chop it up if i were not confident in this creation . More over the YouTube videos of it being tested may be very entertaining . Those I will post to my channel as they are made .
The Orange County Register is expanding into Long Beach , starting a new , separate daily newspaper that will publish six days a week beginning Aug. 19 .
Called the Long Beach Register , the newspaper will feature at least 10 pages of local news and sports and six pages centered around schools , including sports . On Saturday , subscribers will receive just the schools section , which will have prep sports .
For home delivery , the Long Beach paper will be wrapped around the Orange County Register and distributed in most of Long Beach as well as parts of Lakewood , Cerritos , Artesia and Signal Hill .
The new Long Beach daily will also be at 450 news racks and retail outlets throughout the area , either as a stand-alone or combined with the Orange County Register . For a short time , free copies will be available for sampling .
Subscribers also will have digital access at ocregister.com/longbeach ( not live yet ) .
Aaron Kushner , publisher of the Orange County Register and chief executive of its parent , Freedom Communications Inc. , said expansion into Long Beach was a natural move for the company , which is focused on how to build communities .
“ In the case of Long Beach , it is a city where we really could add tremendous value , ” he said .
Kushner played down potential competition with the Long Beach Press-Telegram , the dominant newspaper in the city . The Press-Telegram , owned by the Los Angeles Newspaper Group , has retrenched in the last few years . The newspaper consolidated some staff members with the Daily Breeze in Torrance , a sister publication , and often runs news from the other eight Los Angeles Newspaper Group newspapers based in Southern California .
“ The challenge is less about any one other media outlet but rather all other media , ” Kushner said , pointing to the many forms of media and entertainment that compete for people 's time .
No one from the Los Angeles Newspaper Group could be reached for comment .
The Long Beach Register will have several people on its 20-person staff who will be familiar to the city . Ian Lamont , publisher of the Press-Telegram from 2001 through 2004 , will be publisher . Paul Eakins , who served as the Press-Telegram 's city editor and helped with the May launch of The Current , the Register 's five-day-a-week daily in Newport Beach and Costa Mesa , will become editor of the Long Beach Register .
Media experts said the Register 's expansion is a rare move at a time when most newspapers are laying off staff , reducing total pages and , in some cases , cutting back on the number of days that they deliver to homes .
Michael Parks , former editor of the Los Angeles Times and now interim director of the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism , said the Register 's plan for providing local news that readers may not be able to get anywhere else was drawing on an old-fashioned game plan .
“ They are strengthening the community , which is very effective , ” he said . “ And they are creating a bond with readers . ”
Ken Doctor is a Bay Area media analyst who once worked for Knight Ridder Inc. , which previously owned the Press-Telegram . He called the new Long Beach Register an interesting move that will be a test of the two business models .
“ The Press-Telegram , as it is today , is a general newspaper with national news , California news , all kinds of stuff and some local news , ” he said . The Long Beach Register , he noted , will focus solely on Long Beach news .
“ The question is , what is it Long Beach readers want to read ? ” Doctor said . “ I think the readers want local . ”
Still to be determined , he said , is whether the Register can sell enough subscriptions and advertising to make its plan financially viable .
Long Beach could be a major prize for the Register . With a population of about 462,000 in 2010 , Long Beach was the 36th largest city in the country and the seventh-largest city in the state . Orange County 's biggest city is Anaheim , with 346,000 people .
The Orange County Register already delivers to most ZIP codes in Long Beach . The newspaper has about 2,600 seven-day subscribers in the city out of its total print circulation of 159,000 . The Press-Telegram has an estimated 58,000 to 65,000 daily print subscribers in the city . The two newspapers , however , have never been in head-to-head competition .
The Register has had business ties with the Los Angeles Newspaper Group on other fronts . Since 2009 , the Register has printed some of the group 's other Southern California newspapers , including the Whittier Daily News , Pasadena Star-News , San Gabriel Valley Tribune , Redlands Daily Facts , San Bernardino Sun and Ontario 's Inland Valley Daily Bulletin .
The Long Beach Register will be the third daily newspaper Freedom Communications has launched since Kushner and Eric Spitz , Freedom 's president and owner , and their 2100 Trust bought the company last July . In addition to The Current , the company announced that the twice-weekly Irvine World News will become a five-day daily on July 22 .
Contact the writer : 714-796-3646 or mmilbourn @ ocregister.com
During the time of the Hays Code , the set of moral guidelines which all Hollywood films produced from 1930 to 1968 were required to abide by , did n't make it easy to represent “ taboo ” subjects like homosexuality . Although homosexuality was n't specifically addressed by the code ( it merely stated “ sexual perversion or any reference to it is forbidden '' ) , it was one of many subjects avoided by mainstream pictures which instead resorted to discussion via subtext and inference .
Some scholars studying All About Eve ( 1950 ) , Joseph Mankiewicz 's classic film about an aging theatrical star and her nefarious apprentice , have concluded that the film 's titular character Eve ( Anne Baxter ) was coded as a lesbian through a number of scenic and dialogue cues . Makiewicz , despite his legendary aptitude for writing intriguing female characters , has oft been cited as a womanizer and staunchly heterosexual to the point of homophobic , which could indicate why Eve , an implied lesbian , is the villain of the piece . ( The other villainous character of Addison DeWitt , played by George Sanders , shares homosexual cues , furthering the association with malice . )
The Lavender Scare in America was a parallel to McCarthyism , though a less-discussed component of the practice . It kicked off the same year All About Eve was released and was a belief that homosexuals often sympathized with communist views which led to social outcasting and scapegoating of homosexuals during the time . McCarthy hunted gays along the same lines as communists , resulting in a pathological repression of homosexuality in the social presence of those in the community .
Robert J. Corber , a professor and novelist about The Cold War and homosexuality , states the fundamental theme in All About Eve centers around defending heterosexuality , upholding traditional patriarchal marriage , and depicting the homosexual as a bereft predator . The film 's two heterosexual couples of Bill ( Gary Merrill ) and Margo ( Bette Davis ) , and Karen ( Celeste Holm ) and Lloyd ( Hugh Marlowe ) are contrasted against the empty and loveless life of Eve ( and Addison ) . Eve attempts to break up both couples during the course of the film to no success .
In his book “ American Cold War Culture , ” author Douglas Field speaks at length about Eve 's lesbianism going beyond a Hays-era representation of malice and speaking to Cold War insecurities and fears . He writes , “ Starting with Vito Russo in his classic study 'The Celluloid Closet , ' scholars of images of gays and lesbians in classical Hollywood cinema have argued that Eve belongs to a long line of predatory celluloid lesbians in the Production Code era of Hollywood films… Eve 's villainy differs from that of other lesbians of the Code era in one crucial respect . She has an ability to impersonate normative femininity that they do not , and thus she resembles the lesbian of the discourses of national security . ”
The message in the film come to fruition by its ending with Margo and Bill announcing their marriage . Early in the film , Margo scolds Karen for being a “ happy little housewife '' but by the end finds herself monologuing about the virtues of marriage and the way a true woman is defined by the association with her husband . The final award scene depicts the married couples offering condescending words to Eve , who heads home to solitude , amplifying the era 's value of traditionalism over the devious pursuit of homosexuality .
The coded scenes in the film are infrequent but identifiable . The character of Birdie ( Thelma Ritter ) is one who is capable of seeing through Eve 's facade from the start . After Eve resides with Margo for a while , Margo and Birdie engage in a conversation as Margo rests in bed :
Margo : She thinks only of me , does n't she ?
Birdie : Well , let 's say she thinks only about you .
There 's a sapphic undertone in Birdie 's delivery that installs our first sense that Eve 's infatuation with Margo goes beyond professional respect . ( And , of course , the different preposition also makes the distinction that Eve may not have Margo 's best interests at heart . ) Later , on the staircase during Bill 's coming home/birthday party , another conversation takes place :
Margo : Eve would take my clothes off… tuck me in , would n't you Eve ?
Eve : If you 'd like .
Margo : I would n't like .
In the film 's final scene , when Eve leaves the Sarah Siddons award party and returns home alone , she finds Phoebe ( Barbara Bates ) asleep in her apartment . After the initial shock wears off , Phoebe mentions the time and says she should head home . In a breathy , seductive manner while relaxed on her couch , smoking a cigarette for the first time in the film ( as her transition into Margo is complete ) , Eve replies , “ You wo n't get home til all hours . ”
Douglas Field continues in his book , “ All About Eve needs to be understood as a Cold War movie . Since Michael Rogin first defined this category of Hollywood film in 1987 , cultural studies scholars have expanded it to include movies that , unlike those examined by Rogin , do not deal directly with the Cold War but that nevertheless underwrite or legitimate Cold War ideologies , especially those regulating the construction of gender and sexuality . As we shall see , Eve 's queerness , which consists of a combination of femininity and lesbianism that unsettles homophobic stereotypes , indirectly ratified the form of heterosexual femininity that become normative in the Cold War era . Mankiewicz , who wrote as well as directed All About Eve , claimed that he conceived of Eve as a lesbian and that he coached Baxter in how to play her as one . ”
The first time we see Eve she 's dressed in a trench coat and hat , looking very masculine . Symbolically , the image establishes that any femininity we see in Eve in the following scenes is a performance ; Eve 's true self is the one who meets Karen in the alley dressed in male clothes .
As with most great works of literature or film , various interpretations are possible with Eve 's sexual affiliation -- and to that point , Addison 's . Both characters often appear prominently asexual , aligning any sexuality they do exude to power over gender . Both characters seek to control the lives of others . This is what Addison finds so appealing and intriguing about Eve . Specifically labeling Eve or Addison as homosexuals may be superficial , as both , particularly Eve , seems capable of slipping through whatever sexuality will reap the most gain , since she does n't operate based on sexual desire but the need for people to love and applaud for her . She does , at one point in the film , speak to the power of applause . She lies to Addison about being in love with Lloyd -- but only so much as he can write great plays for her . Being beloved by an audience is the pinnacle of desire for Eve , something that exists outside the boundaries of sexual pursuit .
Still , as Mankiewicz may have intended Eve as a lesbian character , there is credibility to the academic assessment of her character representing 1950s ( and Cold War ) fearful sentiments about homosexuality .
Fortunately , as society has progressed from the McCarthy era and 1950s Hays Code censorship , All About Eve 's legacy is preserved by the film 's wonderful writing , campy overtones , and multiple Academy Award-nominated performances , more than its darkly homophobic subtext . As Bette Davis developed a large homosexual fan base in her later years and became a supporter of gay rights in the 1970s , the implications of homophobia coloring the movie are overshadowed . There 's humorous irony in the fact that All About Eve , now colloquially referred to as “ the bitchiest film ever made , ” was written by a staunch man 's man .
MSNBC 's Donny Deutsch on Wednesday read traits of a sociopath on air , arguing that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE exhibits many of the same qualities .
“ What a sociopath is a condition that prevents people from adopting to ethical and behavioral standards of community , ” Deutsch said on MSNBC 's `` Deadline : White House , '' reading from a paper .
“ Sociopaths are usually extremely charming and charismatic . Sociopaths oftentimes feel entitled to certain positions , people and things . They believe their own beliefs and opinions are the absolute authority and disregard others . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
`` It 's interesting , so many of the traits of a sociopath this man is displaying , '' the MSNBC commentator added .
Host Nicolle Wallace joined other commentators in noting that `` not one of us is capable of diagnosing '' the president .
Deutsch 's comments come after Trump appeared at a campaign-style rally in Phoenix on Tuesday night , where he vehemently defended his response to violence in Charlottesville , Va. , earlier this month when clashes erupted between white supremacists and counterprotesters .
Trump read one of his previous statements about the violence on stage Tuesday , but omitted the sections of the statements where he placed blame for the violence on “ many sides ” and `` both sides . ''
Deutsch has been critical of the president before , including earlier this month when he called Trump a racist following the Charlottesville attack before the president explicitly condemned the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis .
School Districts Closed Because Of Excessive Teacher Absences Over Right-to-Work Students suffer because 'several hundred ' teachers call in sick to attend right-to-work protest in Lansing
At least 26,000 children will miss school today because their teachers called in sick or took a vacation day to protest proposed right-to-work legislation , which is expected to pass today .
Warren Consolidated Schools , Taylor School District and Fitzgerald Public Schools are confirmed to be closed . It is also suggested that schools in Detroit and St. Johns may be missing a significant number of teachers .
`` We 've had an excessive number of teachers call in , '' Warren district spokesperson Robert Freehan said Monday afternoon . `` We 're concerned about the safety and security of the students , so we 're treating it as a snow day . ''
Ben Lazarus is a school board member-elect for Warren Consolidated . He believes the district , but not the teachers , made the right call .
`` I think that political agendas should n't take precedence over student learning , '' said Lazarus . `` I think the superintendent made the best decision with the facts available . ''
The Warren district is the 9th-largest school district in Michigan . More than 15,000 students attend Warren Consolidated Schools . Parents will now have to scramble to find alternative care for their children because of the excessive teacher absences .
Warren Consolidated Schools is the second school district to announce closing in anticipation of a large protest in Lansing against proposed right-to-work legislation . Taylor School District Superintendent Diane Allen told WDIV that the district would be closed because so many teachers were taking sick or vacation days to attend rallies in Lansing .
Detroit Federation of Teachers president Keith Johnson anticipates `` a huge crowd '' in Lansing for the protest . When asked by the Free Press if any Detroit Public Schools would be closed , he said , `` Hopefully . ''
Some roads near the Capitol building will also be closed on Tuesday , due to anticipated protests and rallies .
At least one other district could be affected by the `` sick out . '' A parent in St. Johns Public Schools north of Lansing with children in the district said they were warned by their teachers that `` most of them would not be at school [ on Tuesday ] because they were attending the protest and if enough substitutes were not found , they would close school . ''
Fitzgerald Public Schools in Warren was also closed because of staff absences . FPS Superintendent Barbara VanSweden announced on the school website , `` FPS is closed on Tuesday , December 11 , 2012 due to the number of staff that are absent . The district will be closed just like a snow day . My first priority is student safety and without an adequate number of staff , we can not hold school . ''
Freehan estimated that `` several hundred '' teachers called in sick or said that they would take vacation . The calls began early Monday morning , he said , and continued throughout the day . The district employs about 800 teachers , he said .
`` We felt the best approach was to cancel school completely as well as extracurricular activities , '' he said . `` You ca n't have students in school with just two staff members there . ''
Lazarus believes right-to-work and other proposed educational reform bills need to be discussed , but that it would be beneficial for legislators to gather more input and information . And a `` sick out '' is the wrong way to go .
`` I do understand that they have a political position , '' Lazarus added . `` [ But ] the first priority of a teacher should be student learning and I do n't think this adds to that . ''
~~~~~
See also :
Facts On Right to Work vs . Forced Unionization States
The West Bloomfield Teacher 'Sick Out '
'They Are A Bureaucratic Machine That Got Out of Control '
How the Chicago Teacher Union Strike Affects Michigan
Have you Googled today ? Perhaps you did a quick search of the government shutdown ? Or maybe you decided to look up Obamacare , which launches its insurance exchanges today , even as much of Washington closes down due to Congressional gridlock ?
If you did , you encountered another casualty of the paralysis in D.C. : The 123rd anniversary of Yosemite National Park .
Talk about the birthday blues .
Sure , Google is paying fond tribute to the park with a cluster of Yosemite patches arrayed around the most important real estate on the Internet – the Google search bar . But it 's got to be a hollow celebration . After all , Yosemite is closed today , along with all other national parks . They are victims of the shutdown and the deadlocked battle over the budget down in D.C .
Yet , seeing all the Yosemite history in the form of those patches might bring home the costs of the shutdown stalemate just a little more clearly for people outside of the Washington beltway , which can seem like an alien environment to most Americans .
Indeed , close Yosemite on its birthday , and that makes an impact , does n't it ? I mean , just think of all the families who were planning a long-awaited trip to to the park ? Surely , some planned to trek there this week to mark its anniversary as a national park .
Yet today , amid the shutdown , the closest anyone can get to a Yosemite visit is the nostalgia of that Google doodle , and its collection of so many Yosemite patches from decades before , when the park endured .
So what do you think of Google 's birthday nod to Yosemite – and the poignant costs it captures of the government shutdown ?
Did it cause you to pause before conducting your search ? Or did you even notice ?
Bid your birthday wishes to Yosemite in the comments .
THE forelegs of the praying mantis are unique for more than just their pious appearance . Their versatility is remarkable – the mantis uses them for walking , capturing prey and hanging on to it during a meal . They have now inspired a robot .
Ramón Cardona of the InterAmerican University of Puerto Rico has built a prototype mechanical limb about 30 centimetres long that mimics the design of the mantis leg . Like its natural counterpart , it should give a robot the ability to walk , grab objects and manipulate them using the same limb .
The mantis 's forelegs have a spiky claw near each tip that aids in trapping and grasping its prey . The claw can be stowed to allow a rod-like attachment called a tarsus to extend , upon which the insect walks .
Cardona built a multi-jointed leg that worked similarly : walking , trapping objects , and even toying with them . A rotatable hip joint gives the device the dexterity to perform more than mere back-and-forth walking motions , while an ankle joint allows the limb to hold objects in place on the ground .
Cardona presented the work in May at the Florida Artificial Intelligence Research Society conference on Marco Island . He plans to perfect a gripper for the leg and then make a full praying-mantis-inspired robot .
PPP 's new national poll finds very close match ups for the general election for President , with Hillary Clinton leading the top 5 Republicans by an average of less than 2 points . The strongest Republican against Clinton , as we 've found repeatedly in recent polling , is Marco Rubio . He 's the only hopeful with a lead over Clinton at 44/43 . Ben Carson also manages a tie at 45/45 . Clinton 's leads are 46/43 over both Ted Cruz and Donald Trump , and 44/39 over Jeb Bush . This is the 4th straight poll since Thanksgiving where we 've found Bush doing the worst of any of the Republicans in head to head match ups .
The Republican Party will have to be very careful to keep Donald Trump happy enough that he sticks by his pledge not to run as an independent in the general election because early indications are that could be nearly lethal to GOP chances of winning . Trump gets 24 % as an independent candidate in a match up with Clinton and Rubio , and pushes Clinton from trailing by a point to leading by at 14 at 41/27 . He similarly gets 23 % in a match up with Clinton and Cruz , and pushes Clinton leading by just 3 points to leading by 16 at 42/26 . Trump gets 33-38 % of Republican voters in each of those match ups while getting just 9-11 % of Democratic voters . He actually leads among independents in the three way contest with Rubio , and basically ties Clinton with them against Cruz .
Paul Ryan is meeting with a lot more goodwill from the public than Mitch McConnell . Voters are evenly divided on his performance as Speaker with 38 % approving and 39 % disapproving , which grading on a curve are actually tremendous numbers for someone in Congressional leadership these days . McConnell on the other hand has just a 15 % approval rating , with 62 % of voters unhappy with his job performance . He 's at 16/62 even with Republicans- in fact his 17 % approval with Democrats is a tick higher . Congress as a body remains ever unpopular with only 13 % of voters approving of it to 78 % who disapprove . The generic Congressional ballot comes down at 43 % Democratic , 43 % Republican , reflecting the evenly divided nature of the country . By the way in a year where we have found lots of voters buying into any number of odd schools of thought it 's good to know only 7 % of Americans think the fact that Paul Ryan is growing a beard is a sign he 's converting to Islam , to 82 % who do n't think that 's the case . That 's apparently the view of just a very small minority of comments section dwellers .
There 's overwhelming support for the concept of barring those on the terror watch list from purchasing guns . 81 % of voters nationally support that to only 12 % who are opposed . This is not a partisan issue , with 85 % of Democrats , 80 % of Republicans , and 78 % of independents supporting it . There 's even stronger support for requiring criminal background checks on all gun sales- 85 % of voters support that to just 9 % who are opposed with 91 % of Democrats , 82 % of independents , and 80 % of Republicans supportive . These are issues where GOP politicians are very much out of touch with the GOP base .
Another such issue is raising the minimum wage . 72 % of voters nationally support increasing the minimum wage to at least $ 10 an hour , with only 15 % believing that it 's fine where it is and 9 % wanting to eliminate the minimum wage altogether . Even among Republicans there 's 57 % support for an increase to at least $ 10 an hour .
The Affordable Care Act continues to become less and less of a political liability for Democrats . We find 41 % of voters supporting it now , to only 39 % who are opposed . One thing that 's really changed is the level of intensity about the issue on each side . It used to be that Republicans were considerably more united in their opposition to it than Democrats were in their support , but that 's flipped and now 71 % of Democrats are in favor of it to only 64 % of Republicans who are against it .
America is pulling for Michigan State to win the College Football Playoff . 26 % of voters say they 're pulling for the Spartans to 15 % for Clemson , 13 % for Alabama , and 10 % for Oklahoma .
On another sports related issue , Americans agree with Sports Illustrated 's selection of Serena Williams as Sportsperson of the Year by a 48/22 spread over American Pharoah . There is somewhat of a partisan divide on the black woman vs. horse issue as Democrats agree with the Serena pick 57/18 while Republicans do so only 40/27 . This reinforces our polling from earlier in the year that found Williams with a 70/8 favorability rating among Democrats but only a 39/20 one among Republicans .
We find a similar partisan divide when it comes to Time 's choice of Angela Merkel as Person of the Year over Donald Trump . Overall 42 % agree with the Merkel selection to 29 % who would have preferred Trump but Trump does win out 46/23 among Republicans , while Merkel has the upper hand by a 61/13 spread with Democrats .
Full Results Here
Calls for Roy Larner , the ‘ Lion of London Bridge ' , to be given a medal after reportedly saving lives and making Millwall fans popular by single-handedly taking on the three attackers
A football fan reportedly yelled “ F * * k you , I 'm Millwall ” as he single-handedly took on the three knife-wielding London terror attackers armed with nothing more than his fists .
Roy Larner has already been hailed a hero , with a petition launched for him to be awarded the George Cross medal for his actions in the Black and Blue steakhouse on Saturday night .
In fighting back , the 47-year-old Millwall fan gave dozens of others who were in the Borough Market restaurant the chance to escape .
Now out of the intensive care ward of St Thomas ' Hospital , where he was treated for knife wounds all over his body including his neck , the father-of-one has told The Sun how he reacted when the killers burst into the restaurant shouting “ Islam , Islam ” and “ This is for Allah ” .
“ Like an idiot , ” he told the newspaper , “ I shouted back at them . I thought , ‘ I need to take the p * * * out of these b * * * * * * s ' . ”
“ I took a few steps towards them and said , ‘ F * * * you , I 'm Millwall ' . So they started attacking me . ”
Mr Larner added : “ I stood in front of them trying to fight them off . Everyone else ran to the back .
“ I was on my own against all three of them , that 's why I got hurt so much .
“ It was just me , trying to grab them with my bare hands and hold on . I was swinging .
“ I got stabbed and sliced eight times . They got me in my head , chest and both hands . There was blood everywhere .
“ They were saying , ‘ Islam , Islam ! ' . I said again , ‘ F * * * you , I 'm Millwall ! '
“ It was the worst thing I could have done as they carried on attacking me .
“ Luckily , none of the blows were straight at me or I 'd be dead . ”
Mr Larner 's actions have won him a huge following on social media , where he has been called “ The Lion of London Bridge ” , a reference to Millwall Football Club 's nickname the Lions .
Fans of the south London club have long prided themselves on their refusal to duck a fight , celebrating their intimidating reputation with the chant : “ No-one likes us , we do n't care . ”
Mr Larner 's bravery , however , seems suddenly to have made Millwall fans popular .
On Good Morning Brtitain , presenter Piers Morgan , a fan of rival London club Arsenal , told viewers : “ Millwall fans get a very bad rap , a lot of it very deserved , but there are times when you really want a lot of Millwall fans , and that was one of them . ”
Mr Larner has certainly made his mother proud .
Phyllis Larner , 78 , told The Sun : “ He 's fearless , my son . He 'll give as good as he gets .
“ He 's quite nippy and lippy and would n't back down from a fight .
“ He would n't care who it was or if they had a knife or gun . ”
Mr Larner , from Peckham , south-east London , said the attackers eventually “ ran out of the pub and legged it ” .
Despite his injuries , he said he followed them outside .
“ It was n't until I was in a police car , ” said Mr Larner , “ That I realised I was in a bad way . I 'd been sliced up all over . ”
“ I did n't think of my safety at the time , ” he added . “ I 'd had four or five pints — nothing major .
“ I can handle myself . But I was out with an old person and it was out of order . ”
As he recovers in hospital , Mr Larner 's friends have brought him a running magazine . The front cover headline reads : “ Learn to run . ”
The Two-School Solution
JAFFA , Israel — On the afternoon of the Passover Seder , Ora Balha was preparing for one of the most important Jewish holidays of the year . That evening , she and her family would gather around the Seder table to read the story of their ancestors ' enslavement in Egypt and exodus to the ancient land of Israel . But as Ora swept the floor , her husband and children were taking part in another religious ceremony : They were at the local mosque for Friday prayers .
This combination of traditions would be unfathomable to most Israelis . But Ora , an Israeli Jew , and Ihab , an Israeli Arab , are used to their Friday routine of mosque by day and Shabbat candles by night .
To say that Jewish-Arab couples are a rarity in Israel is an understatement . According to a recent Pew Research Center poll , 1 percent of married Israeli Arabs and 2 percent of married Israeli Jews have spouses of a different religion . Even in Jaffa , one the few cities in Israel where Jews and Arabs share the same streets and apartment buildings , it 's unusual to meet an interfaith couple . Though Arabs represent 20 percent of Israel 's population of 8 million , Jews and Arabs rarely interact . According to government data , 90 percent of Arab-Israelis live in all-Arab communities .
Equally rare as their marriage is the fact that Ora and Ihab 's children speak fluent Hebrew and Arabic . In a country with a segregated education system , Arab and Jewish children learn in separate schools , and just 10 percent of Jews speak fluent Arabic . It 's mandatory for Arab students to learn Hebrew , but not the other way around .
When their 8-year-old son , Nur , was 2 , Ora and Ihab looked for a preschool where he could learn with Jews and Arabs . However , no such school existed in Jaffa . So , in 2010 the couple opened Jaffa 's first integrated kindergarten “ to reflect what 's happening in our home , ” Ora said .
Today , Bustan Yafa serves 65 children . Operated under the auspices of a nonprofit organization , the school is envisioned as a haven for Jews and Arabs and celebrates the cultures , religions , and languages of its Jewish , Muslim , and Christian students . Yet with no government funding , Ora admits the prohibitive cost means the majority of her students are Jewish . About 54 percent of Arab-Israeli families live under the poverty line , compared with 19 percent of the general population , according to government statistics .
Until recently , Israel 's segregated education system — which also separates Jews among secular , religious and ultra-Orthodox — went largely unchallenged . This segregation is not written into law , nor is it forced upon anyone ; Jewish and Arab parents can send their children to any public school they wish as long as it 's in their educational district . However , for reasons rooted in culture , geography , religion , and language , the vast majority of Israeli children attend schools that reflect their family background . And a growing number of Israelis are seeking an alternative to a system they believe perpetuates the notion that Jews and Arabs must be divided in order for each side to thrive .
At a time when the peace process is on life support and many warn darkly of an incipient Third Intifada , advocates of integrated schools say their children 's education represents the one source of light on an otherwise dark horizon .
The nonprofit organization Hand in Hand , which runs six schools throughout Israel that educate nearly 1,400 students , represents the largest network of integrated schools . In 2013 , the organization opened Jaffa 's second integrated kindergarten , with 35 children in that first class . Now there are six classes , with a total of 170 children .
Hand in Hand 's classrooms are equally split between Jewish and Arab students , and lessons are conducted in both languages simultaneously by two teachers — one Jewish , one Palestinian . The schools are co-run by Arab and Jewish principals , and equal class time is given to Jewish and Palestinian culture and history . While Hand in Hand receives some taxpayer funding and is overseen by the Ministry of Education , it is not fully funded by the government , unlike most public schools . The government provides the same amount of funding to Hand in Hand schools as it does to other public schools , but that funding only covers half of the basic costs of running the schools , since they require double the number of teachers to operate bilingual classes . So half of Hand in Hand 's operational costs are covered by donations , along with minor fees from parents . * *
Asaf Ronel , an editor at Haaretz , sends his 5-year-old daughter , Ruth , to the Hand in Hand school in Jaffa . He grew up participating in coexistence programs , but amid the First and Second Intifadas and the rise of Jewish extremism , had grown pessimistic about his daughter 's future in Israel . Today , he believes that Jewish-Arab education is the only initiative that can truly make a lasting impact on Israeli society .
“ The difference between going to school every day with Palestinians and meeting them once a month or once a year is obvious , ” Ronel said . “ The only way forward is both sides recognizing the other side 's rights and history , and not feeling that by doing that they are diminishing their own narrative . This is being done by our children every day , and it 's being done by our community . ”
What 's bittersweet is that most Hand in Hand schools end at a young age . The Jaffa school ends after first grade – meaning that for Ruth and hundreds of other children , 2016 could be their last year of bilingual education . Hand in Hand 's branch in Jerusalem is the only school in Israel that provides bilingual K-12 education .
Given its association with racism in America , one might expect segregated education to be controversial in Israel . But here , the opposite is true – it 's those trying to build an unsegregated system who are fighting for their right to exist .
Last school year , Hand in Hand 's Jerusalem school was set on fire by Jewish extremists , who torched two first-grade classrooms and painted the walls with messages like , “ There 's no coexisting with cancer . ”
Many in Arab-Israeli communities are also hostile to the idea . Nadia Kinani , the Palestinian principal of the Jerusalem school , said she often hears criticisms from Palestinians who say she 's “ normalizing ” relations with Israel and accuse her of being less Palestinian than Israeli .
“ I 'm taking people who do n't live together and trying to create a shared society , ” Kinani said . “ I do n't say , ‘ Look , everything here is fine and beautiful . ' It 's hard . But I live here , so I need to find a way to live in peace and equality in a place where I feel I have a home . ”
After the fire , Kinani feared that her dream was doomed . She was shocked when 98 percent of students came to class the next day , and thousands of Israelis marched in solidarity with the school . The school did n't close after the attack , and the destroyed classrooms were fully rebuilt just three weeks later . In the meantime , the students whose classrooms were torched were hosted in other classrooms – and even , for one day , in the office of Israeli President Reuven Rivlin after receiving an invitation from him .
If the arsonists sought to extinguish coexistence , their plan backfired . The attack threw Hand in Hand into the spotlight of Israeli media , and suddenly interest skyrocketed in a school most Israelis had never heard of . When the Jerusalem school opened this year , over 150 kids were on the waiting list . Every Hand in Hand school in the country now has a waiting list , and over a dozen groups of Arab and Jewish parents have asked the organization to establish schools in their communities .
Unfortunately , the supply of coexistence ca n't keep up with demand .
Government funding covers only half the cost of bilingual schools , which require double the amount of teachers . For the other half , Hand in Hand relies on donations and tuition fees from parents . To expand its schools and establish new ones , Hand in Hand needs more funding . Supporters say it should come from the government , not from parents .
“ If the government really wants to establish a peaceful future in which both societies turn from living in conflict to living a normal life , the best way to do that is through educating children to live together , ” said Mohamad Marzouk , who founded Hand in Hand 's school in Wadi Ara , a predominantly Arab-Israeli area in northern Israel .
When asked to explain why Israel maintains its system of segregated education , the Education Ministry offers a telling response .
“ It has always been like this ; it is nothing new , ” said Kamal Atila , an Arabic language spokesman who seemed perplexed by the question .
Indeed , it has always been like this . In the British Mandate for Palestine , Arab and Jewish Palestinians attended separate schools , said Bar Ilan University 's professor Yaacov Iram .
“ If you inquire among Jews and Arabs , ” Iram said , “ the majority prefer for almost the same reasons — religious , national , historical — to have two separate systems . ”
This segregation exists as a de facto reality rather than something legislated by the state . Arabs are not restricted from Jewish public schools , or vice versa . Children can attend any school in their educational zone , but since most live in separate communities , Arabs usually choose Arabic schools , and Jews choose Jewish schools . Even in mixed cities , children typically attend schools that reflect their heritage , Iram said .
Youssef Jabareen , an Arab Knesset member and director of the Arab Center for Law and Policy , said it was not Israel 's divided system that was seen as discriminatory , but the unequal funding received by both sets of schools .
He said while few , if any , Jews attend Arabic schools , some Arabic students attend Jewish schools because the conditions of Jewish schools are often far better . According to government figures , the average Jewish student receives 78 to 88 percent more funding than the average Arab student . According to the Ministry of Education , Arab-Israelis represented 8 percent of recipients of college and university degrees in 2014 , despite representing 20 percent of the population . That is however an increase from 2005 , when just 4 percent of university degrees went to Israeli Arabs .
“ Separation in the educational system in Israel is not carrying with it the notion of inferiority , ” said Jabareen , who holds a doctorate in human rights from Georgetown University , where he studied civil rights-era segregation in the United States . “ Unlike in the U.S. , in Israel there is a reason for this separation . The language is different , the culture is different , the narratives are different . ”
Even parents and executives at Hand in Hand said they do n't wish to replace this system . They simply believe the government should provide bilingual schooling as an option for children who attend free public schools .
“ I do n't think it should be forced on anybody , but I think it should be a part of the official education system , ” said Asaf Ronel , whose daughter Ruth is now in kindergarten . “ The walls will come down in the end . They always do . ”
Photo credit : DAVID SILVERMAN/Getty Images
Corrections : This article has been corrected to reflect the fact that the Hand in Hand schools are public schools , which receive government funding and are overseen by the Ministry of Education . The article initially said that they were not public schools . Additionally , it has been corrected to say that Ruth , Asaf Ronel 's daughter , is in kindergarten . The article initially said she was in first grade .
Defending Tour de France champion Vincenzo Nibali recently took an opportunity to pre-ride some of the cobble sectors that will be used in this year 's race . The Astana team leader extended his advantage over his general classification rivals on the cobbles last year , and he is no doubt hoping to excel there again . Related Articles Froome : Contador is my biggest Tour de France rival but Nibali and Quintana deserve respect
Nibali claims Astana 's licence woes are about politics
Nibali satisfied with Tirreno-Adriatico showing
Astana coach reveals training methods for Nibali and Aru ahead of Classics and Giro d'Italia
Nibali certain to skip Giro d'Italia and focus on battle with Froome and Contador at the Tour de France
Nibali , Astana attacks come up short in Amstel Gold Race
`` It was a good scout , '' Nibali told Sporza after his tour of the cobblestones in northern France . `` It was important to ascertain the pressure in the tires and to see the material and the bike . ''
The cobbles will come this year during the Tour de France 's fourth stage , the longest of the race at 221km . The stage will feature 13km of cobbles split up over seven sections . Nibali said after the reconnaissance that he and the team now understand how to attack this year 's cobbled stage .
“ The sectors are heavy , especially the first one , which is very narrow and bad , ” he told Sporza . “ The stage is also very long . In the final , you will feel the fatigue. ``
Nibali exceled last year in the Arenberg Forest , finishing third , just 19 seconds behind stage winner and current teammate Lars Boom , and extending his race lead over his other GC rivals .
`` Like last year , this will be a very important journey , ” he told Sporza . `` Last year we knew we could do well , but perhaps not that we would catch so much time on direct competitors . We have the experience of last year , but we must always take into account other great riders like [ Alberto ] Contador , [ Nairo ] Quintana and [ Chris ] Froome . They are my biggest rivals . ''
Nibali will have Boom on his side this year after the Dutch rider transferred from Belkin to Astana . The former cyclo-cross would champion told Sporza he hopes his presence will make the Astana Tour squad even stronger .
`` Astana last year was already strong , '' Boom said . `` Hopefully I will make the team even stronger and do something beautiful . ”
Boom also said this year 's cobbled stage is “ less difficult ” than last year 's .
This post will deal with a quick , finger in the air way of seeing how well a strategy scales–namely , how sensitive it is to latency between signal and execution , using a simple volatility trading strategy as an example . The signal will be the VIX/VXV ratio trading VXX and XIV , an idea I got from Volatility Made Simple 's amazing blog , particularly this post . The three signals compared will be the “ magical thinking ” signal ( observe the close , buy the close , named from the ruleOrderProc setting in quantstrat ) , buy on next-day open , and buy on next-day close .
Let 's get started .
require ( downloader ) require ( PerformanceAnalytics ) require ( IKTrading ) require ( TTR ) download ( `` http : //www.cboe.com/publish/scheduledtask/mktdata/datahouse/vxvdailyprices.csv '' , destfile= '' vxvData.csv '' ) download ( `` https : //dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/jk6der1s5lxtcfy/XIVlong.TXT '' , destfile= '' longXIV.txt '' ) download ( `` https : //dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/950x55x7jtm9x2q/VXXlong.TXT '' , destfile= '' longVXX.txt '' ) # requires downloader package getSymbols ( '^VIX ' , from = '1990-01-01 ' ) xiv < - xts ( read.zoo ( `` longXIV.txt '' , format= '' % Y- % m- % d '' , sep= '' , '' , header=TRUE ) ) vxx < - xts ( read.zoo ( `` longVXX.txt '' , format= '' % Y- % m- % d '' , sep= '' , '' , header=TRUE ) ) vxv < - xts ( read.zoo ( `` vxvData.csv '' , header=TRUE , sep= '' , '' , format= '' % m/ % d/ % Y '' , skip=2 ) ) vixVxv < - Cl ( VIX ) /Cl ( vxv ) xiv < - xts ( read.zoo ( `` longXIV.txt '' , format= '' % Y- % m- % d '' , sep= '' , '' , header=TRUE ) ) vxx < - xts ( read.zoo ( `` longVXX.txt '' , format= '' % Y- % m- % d '' , sep= '' , '' , header=TRUE ) ) vxxCloseRets < - Return.calculate ( Cl ( vxx ) ) vxxOpenRets < - Return.calculate ( Op ( vxx ) ) xivCloseRets < - Return.calculate ( Cl ( xiv ) ) xivOpenRets < - Return.calculate ( Op ( xiv ) ) vxxSig < - vixVxv > 1 xivSig < - 1-vxxSig magicThinking < - vxxCloseRets * lag ( vxxSig ) + xivCloseRets * lag ( xivSig ) nextOpen < - vxxOpenRets * lag ( vxxSig , 2 ) + xivOpenRets * lag ( xivSig , 2 ) nextClose < - vxxCloseRets * lag ( vxxSig , 2 ) + xivCloseRets * lag ( xivSig , 2 ) tradeWholeDay < - ( nextOpen + nextClose ) /2 compare < - na.omit ( cbind ( magicThinking , nextOpen , nextClose , tradeWholeDay ) ) colnames ( compare ) < - c ( `` Magic Thinking '' , `` Next Open '' , `` Next Close '' , `` Execute Through Next Day '' ) charts.PerformanceSummary ( compare ) rbind ( table.AnnualizedReturns ( compare ) , maxDrawdown ( compare ) , CalmarRatio ( compare ) ) par ( mfrow=c ( 1,1 ) ) chart.TimeSeries ( log ( cumprod ( 1+compare ) , base = 10 ) , legend.loc='topleft ' , ylab='log base 10 of additional equity ' , main = 'VIX vx . VXV different execution times ' )
So here 's the run-through . In addition to the magical thinking strategy ( observe the close , buy that same close ) , I tested three other variants–a variant which transacts the next open , a variant which transacts the next close , and the average of those two . Effectively , I feel these three could give a sense of a strategy 's performance under more realistic conditions–that is , how well does the strategy perform if transacted throughout the day , assuming you 're managing a sum of money too large to just plow into the market in the closing minutes ( and if you hope to get rich off of trading , you will have a larger sum of money than the amount you can apply magical thinking to ) . Ideally , I 'd use VWAP pricing , but as that 's not available for free anywhere I know of , that means that readers ca n't replicate it even if I had such data .
In any case , here are the results .
Equity curves :
Log scale ( for Mr. Tony Cooper and others ) :
Stats :
Magic Thinking Next Open Next Close Execute Through Next Day Annualized Return 0.814100 0.8922000 0.5932000 0.821900 Annualized Std Dev 0.622800 0.6533000 0.6226000 0.558100 Annualized Sharpe ( Rf=0 % ) 1.307100 1.3656000 0.9529000 1.472600 Worst Drawdown 0.566122 0.5635336 0.6442294 0.601014 Calmar Ratio 1.437989 1.5831686 0.9208586 1.367510
My reaction ? To execute on next day 's close performance being vastly lower than the other configurations ( and that deterioration occurring in the most recent years ) essentially means that the fills will have to come pretty quickly at the beginning of the day . While the strategy seems somewhat scalable through the lens of this finger-in-the-air technique , in my opinion , if the first full day of possible execution after signal reception will tank a strategy from a 1.44 Calmar to a .92 , that 's a massive drop-off , after holding everything else constant . In my opinion , I think this is quite a valid question to ask anyone who simply sells signals , as opposed to manage assets . Namely , how sensitive are the signals to execution on the next day ? After all , unless those signals come at 3:55 PM , one is most likely going to be getting filled the next day .
Now , while this strategy is a bit of a tomato can in terms of how good volatility trading strategies can get ( they can get a * lot * better in my opinion ) , I think it made for a simple little demonstration of this technique . Again , a huge thank you to Mr. Helmuth Vollmeier for so kindly keeping up his dropbox all this time for the volatility data !
Thanks for reading .
NOTE : I am currently contracting in a data science capacity in Chicago . You can email me at ilya.kipnis @ gmail.com , or find me on my LinkedIn here . I 'm always open to beers after work if you 're in the Chicago area .
NOTE 2 : Today , on October 21 , 2015 , if you 're in Chicago , there 's a Chicago R Users Group conference at Jaks Tap at 6:00 PM . Free pizza , networking , and R , hosted by Paul Teetor , who 's a finance guy . Hope to see you there .
Advertisements
A pair of bumpernuts in action , courtesy of Dan Dickinson 's Flickr , via Gothamist .
FREEPORT , N.Y. , Nov. 30 ( UPI ) -- Officials in a New York state village said the fire chief was handed a 30-day suspension for refusing to remove plastic testicles from a fire truck .
Freeport Mayor Andrew Hardwick said volunteer Chief Daniel Fee , 47 , was ordered to remove the $ 24.95 pair of novelty `` Bumpernuts '' from the truck after complaints in September but the mayor noticed during an inspection last week that the item had been relocated to a still-visible position inside the cab , the New York Post reported Tuesday .
`` The gesture was offensive , insensitive and unprofessional , '' Hardwick said .
The mayor said Freeport residents `` expect better '' from volunteer public servants .
The Post said Fee could not be reached for comment .
Conservation has increased in importance over the last years . More organisations and governments are getting involved in raising awareness and supporting wildlife conservation . One of the animals which have caught their attention is the giraffe .
The giraffe is the tallest living terrestrial animal and the largest ruminant living on Earth . It is found virtually in all ecological regions of sub-Saharan Africa , except the Central African Rainforest Basin . Giraffes usually do n't have any natural predators . They form a fission-fusion society , meaning that the size and composition of the group changes throughout time . Apart from having an evolutionary uniqueness , the giraffe is an agent of change in habitats and landscapes opening up areas and promoting the growth of new forage . It is also an effective pollinator and seed disperser , especially of acacia plants , providing them with suitable compost . Also , the research shows that the decline of giraffe and other mega-herbivore species can lead to the decline in acacia species .
flickr | Tambako The JaguarAlthough the giraffe as a species is considered to be of the least concern by IUCN , it has become increasingly evident that their population is dwindling . According to the Giraffe Conservation Foundation , the population has dropped by 40 % in the last 15 years , with less than 80 000 remaining and in the areas traditionally regarded as prime giraffe real estate ; numbers have dropped by 65 % . Furthermore , they have become extinct in at least seven African countries and it is estimated that giraffe numbers are less than a fifth of those of the African elephant , which is currently classified as ‘ vulnerable ' . This raises questions to why giraffes are ignored . The common misconception of their abundance is due to the currently outdated conservation status and profile as well as their population being widespread across Africa . It is also a frequent problem of conservation classification , when a species overall population is common and thus is classified as least concern , even if the population is in decline in certain parts of the world .
The giraffe population status varies depending on the subspecies and the area it thrives in . In southern parts of Africa they are thought to be increasing as from 1999 to 2007 there was a population rise of over 50 % . However , the giraffe population in northern parts of Africa is thought to be declining .
There are nine giraffe subspecies , most of which are experiencing decline in population . West African and Rothschild giraffe populations are already listed as ‘ endangered ' . Other species such as Angolan giraffes are no longer found in their primary area of residence – Angola , and their population has been reduced to Namibia and Botswana . Another subspecies experiencing isolation is the Thornicroft 's giraffe which is found in a small area of north-eastern Zambia . Kordofan giraffes reside in Africa 's most hostile areas such as Chad , Central African Republic , Northern Cameroon and Northern Democratic Republic of Congo . Some giraffe subspecies populations are on the breach of extinction . For example , there are only 50 West African giraffes left and none are kept in captivity . There are also only 250 Nubian giraffes left with almost none found in captivity .
flickr | Esin ÜstünThere are considered to be two main reasons for the current giraffe population decline , which are poaching and habitat destruction . Although the giraffe is a protected species in most of its range and unauthorised killing can result in imprisonment , there is negligible recognised international trade in giraffes . Noticeable giraffes are an easy kill with firearms and automatic weapons and in the 19th century they were hunted for sport . Currently they are poached for their meat and bone marrow , which is believed by locals to cure Aids , and their bones and heads can be sold for a high price in Tanzania .
Habitat destruction brings no less damage to the population . With expanding human population and increased need for firewood , grazing room for livestock has led to deforestation , especially in West African populations . As a result , subpopulations of giraffes are becoming increasingly fragmented .
Giraffe were historically free-ranging across most of sub-Saharan Africa but are now most often confined to nationalparks , conservation areas , or private ranches .
flickr | sharmzpadAlthough there are no actual conservation strategies to protect the giraffes , there is a recently formed coalition of organisations such as GCF ( Giraffe Conservation Foundation ) , with its conservation and research partners working closely with all stakeholders , and across all giraffe range to raise awareness for the giraffes . In addition , the IUCN SSC Giraffe and Okapi Specialist Group was established in 2013 with the goal of understanding the threats giraffes face , how they can be mitigated to facilitate their long-term conservation and to play its part in ensuring their survival . They are focusing on counting and identifying individual giraffe in Northwest Namibia as well as collecting DNA samples in this amazing landscape . GCF is also currently conducting the first-ever detailed assessment of giraffe as a species as well as all its 9 subspecies and it is expected that by early 2016 most , if not all , will end up in one of the IUCN Red List threatened categories . Due to this species being ignored for a long time , there is general lack of knowledge on the key factors affecting their demographic rates . Recent researches had started only to paint the bleak picture facing these giants .
There are also viable populations of giraffes in protected areas in Kenya and Uganda and genotype analyses suggest that the population in Lake Nakuru National Park ( LNNP ) is in good genetic health . The Government of Niger made efforts to enforce legislation preventing the illegal killing of giraffes . Although giraffe conservation involves the continent as a whole , it should first be tackled country by country and subspecies by subspecies .
There is a lot that needs to be done before a successful conservation strategy can be created for these species . It 's time that we care more about the giraffes and ‘ stick our neck out ' to save them before they disappear .
By Varvara Vladimirova- Research Intern
Take a look at all our African Wildlife projects here .
Frontier runs conservation , development , teaching and adventure travel projects in over 50 countries worldwide - so join us and explore the world !
See more from our volunteers # Frontiervolunteer
Jae Seifert is a liberal guy . The Minnesota native says he 's in favor of legalizing weed and physician-assisted euthanasia . He 's pro-immigrant and believes in civil rights for all Americans . In last year 's election , he was an ardent Bernie Sanders supporter — before he reluctantly backed Hillary Clinton .
Much like Sanders , Seifert 's politics do n't fit the classic liberal mold . Now living in Steamboat Springs , Colorado , Seifert also happens to be passionate about firearms — primarily shooting for sport — and he 's a staunch supporter of the Second Amendment . In fact , Seifert purchased his first AR-15 , that semi-automatic responsible for countless fatal shootings in the United States , in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massacre .
“ I think that in this country , because we have freedom , with that comes a certain acceptance of risk , ” Seifert told us in a phone interview . “ So if you 're going to be free , that also means I have freedom to do things that you may not like , which includes carrying a gun . ”
The 28-year-old also owns a gun store . Seifert said it 's “ just kind of getting started , ” but WZ Outfitters represents a rarity in a country where gun shops are mostly associated with the conservative right . As a gun store owner with a liberal worldview , Seifert puts WZ Outfitters in a unqiue position to serve gun-lovers who shun shops owned by those who identify with the racist , xenophobic far-right . WZ Outfitters carries a range of firearms for sport and protection purposes , but you 'll find no anti-Muslim merchandise or Donald Trump-supporting bumper stickers there .
“ I do n't really like that kind of traditional gun store experience where you go in , you 've got Islamaphobic shit , really , really right wing stuff . Just the whole kind of , ‘ Wink , wink . Nudge , nudge . Fuck the other guys , ' ” he said . “ That 's also part of the reason I felt like I wanted to start my own store . ”
Seifert is n't alone . Membership increased by 10 percent since election for the Liberal Gun Club , which provides “ a voice for gun-owning liberals and moderates in the national conversation on gun rights. ” Vocativ found an entire subreddit dedicated to Liberal Gun Owners , a four-year old community that has close to 7,000 subscribers and includes a thread dedicated to liberal gun stores .
It appears that some of those who lean left do n't want to fork over money to shops run by trigger-happy , extreme right-wing folks who sell target sheets shaped like Hillary Clinton and stickers that read “ Muslim Free Zone. ” It makes sense , at a time when consumers are more aware than ever about the values backed by their favorite businesses and services .
“ I do n't really like that kind of traditional gun store experience where you go in , you 've got Islamaphobic shit , really , really right wing stuff. ” —Jae Seifert , owner of WZ Outfitters
Sergey Solyanik , who owns a gun store in Lynnwood , Washington , says on one of the Reddit threads that he is a “ Bernie Sanders/ACLU liberal. ” Like Seifert , Solyanik 's store Precise Shooter , located 17 miles north of Seattle , is decidedly apolitical and caters to a mixed clientele ( both Washington and Colorado , especially in the more rural areas , are pretty purple ) .
“ We do n't sell any actual propaganda items . We just do n't . The store serves every customer…we want everybody to be welcome here , ” he said .
Also like Seifert , Solyanik enjoys shooting for sport , which was his foray into the world of guns . He told Vocativ that his hobby eventually evolved into a full-fledged business , despite the fact that he 's an engineer by training .
“ It 's an incredibly fun pastime , ” Solyanik said . “ It 's very relaxing . ”
Both Seifert and Solyanik are aware that when it comes to firearms , it 's not always fun and games . “ Guns are inherently political . As much as I wish they were n't , that 's just kind of how it 's shaking out , ” Seifert said . “ People have really strong views about them . ”
Republicans and independents are much more likely to have a gun in their homes than Democrats , and 41 percent of conservatives report having a gun in their home , as opposed to 23 percent of liberals , according to data published in 2014 by Pew Research Center .
That does n't mean left-leaning Americans are n't armed . Sanders , a Senator from Vermont , is a hero to progressives , and he also happens to be pro-gun . While he advocated for having no federal waiting period for handguns and limited protections for gun makers , he is ardently in favor of banning assault weapons and doing away with the gun show loophole . Sander 's gun stance is largely influenced by Vermont 's rural communities , which are pro-gun and low on crime . Still , the National Rifle Association is no fan of his .
“ I liked Bernie because honestly , he 's a ridiculously honest guy , ” Seifert said . “ He 's got a pretty solid record of , in my opinion , doing pretty solidly social liberal policies and not doing too much of the liberal platform that I do n't agree with , which is gun control , super high taxation , things like that . ”
As far as his personal politics , Solyanik , who emigrated to the United States from the Soviet Union almost 20 years ago , also says that he considers himself to be “ way to the left ” of Hillary Clinton and the mainstream Democratic Party . “ That means that I care lots about human rights . I care always about civil rights , I believe in equal opportunities , at least to start , ” he said . “ So I think that we should invest in infrastructure , we should invest in educating people , and we should respect due process . ”
Solyanik , 46 , is disillusioned by Democratic party because politicians talk about supporting the middle class , but “ does n't actually walk the walk. ” And he is particularly turned off by what he sees as Democrats ' “ focusing on trying to ban guns. ” In fact , Solyanik said he firmly believes that Clinton lost this year because of her position on guns .
Clinton made an enemy of the all-powerful NRA during her campaign . Once an organization dedicated to marksmanship and gun control , the NRA in the late 70s started to become intensely political . The organization spends large sums of money defending the Second Amendment , and it has essentially become an arm of the Republican Party in many ways . Unlike many liberals , Seifert and Solyanik do n't abhor the organization .
While he acknowledges that they can “ go too far on a lot of their proposals , ” Seifert said he supports the NRA 's existence .
“ With anything that people like to support politically , it 's good to have an advocacy group or a lobbying group , especially if that lobbying group is well-organized and well-funded like the NRA is , ” he said . Solyanik , meanwhile , simply lamented the organization 's takeover by conservative Republicans .
An NRA spokesperson told us that the organization has always been bi-partisan . “ We endorse Democratic candidates every year , ” said Lars Dalseide . “ The only requirement we have when it comes to endorsing a candidate or not is their position on the Second Amendment . It has nothing to do with party affiliation whatsoever . ”
And while it appears that people like Seifert and Solyanik might be outliers in their party , the fact is that liberal Americans have always owned guns and have advocated for the Second Amendment .
“ I think there 's long been people on the left who have strongly believed in gun rights . In fact , it used to be that the notion of people having guns in order to protect themselves , including to be a counterweight to government oppression , has long been broadly accepted by the mainstream left , and has been very much a part of the radical left , ” said Eugene Volokh , a professor of law at UCLA and gun control expert .
Volokh cited mid-20th-century movements , like those of the civil rights era when people armed themselves against the KKK , as well as the pro-gun stance of the Black Panthers , as examples of leftist movements that viewed guns positively . He also noted that there are certain regions of the U.S. “ where everybody had guns , ” regardless of political affiliation .
“ The notion that gun rights is a conservative position is something of the last two generations , ” Volokh said . “ Before then , if anything , many conservatives were very much in favor of government control as a means of supposedly fighting crime . And it was often the liberals who thought it is important for people who did n't trust the police and who did n't think the police would be willing to protect them be able to defend themselves . ”
A similar idea seems to be taking hold lately , but with a twist for a country now run by Donald Trump , who some opponents view as the inspiration for violence and bigotry stemming from America 's racist right . Right-leaning gun blogs are publishing posts to educate liberals in the wake of Trump 's victory about the importance of the Second Amendment . On November 18 , the site Bearing Arms published a post entitled “ Five Guns For Terrified Liberals In A Trumpian World. ” Four days earlier , Monster Hunter Nation posted “ A Handy Guide For Liberals Who Are Suddenly Interested In Gun Ownership . ”
“ Judging by your social media over the last few days many liberals have been utterly terrified that your government might turn tyrannical or that evil people will now be emboldened to hurt you . I 'm going to let you in on a little thing the other half of the country is familiar with to keep those unlikely , yet catastrophic , events from happening , ” Larry Correia , firearms instructor and author of the “ Handy Guide , ” writes . “ And that my lefty friends , is the Second Amendment . ”
But as Seifert , Solyanik , and a 7,000-strong Reddit group demonstrate , some from the “ other half of the country ” are already well aware of that little thing .
Xavier 's Tu Holloway ( 52 ) reacts after a basket against Lehigh during the second half of a third-round NCAA tournament college basketball game in Greensboro , N.C. , Sunday , March 18 , 2012 . ( AP Photo/Chuck Burton ) 03222012xSPORTS
The Dallas Mavericks added guard Tu Holloway to their training-camp roster on Thursday , the team announced in a news release .
The Mavericks , who begin the season Wednesday , have 20 players on their camp roster . Holloway most recently played in Venezuela for Guaros de Lara .
Jarrid Famous was waived to make room for Holloway , who played for Xavier from 2008-12 .
Here is the news release :
DALLAS -- The Dallas Mavericks announced today they have waived Jarrid Famous and , in a related transaction , signed free agent Tu Holloway .
Famous ( 6-11 , 240 ) went undrafted out of South Florida in 2011 and signed with Dallas after competing for the Washington Wizards at the 2015 Las Vegas NBA Summer League . He averaged 2.0 points and 1.8 rebounds in five preseason games with the Mavericks .
Holloway ( 6-0 , 190 ) went undrafted in the 2012 NBA Draft and competed for a roster spot in the Mavericks 2012 training camp . He played collegiately at Xavier University and in his four years as a Musketeer , he played in 134 games and held career averages of 13.7 points , 4.1 assists and 1.2 steals per contest . As a junior , Holloway was Atlantic 10 Player of the Year and earned Third Team All-America honors from the Associated Press while averaging 19.7 points and 5.4 assists a game .
At least 14 people have died and tens of thousands evacuated as Houston is battered by catastrophic rainfall . Our environment editor unpicks the facts behind the disaster
What is Harvey ?
A tropical storm that is on course to break the US record for the heaviest rainfall from a tropical system . Meteorologists say the 120cm-mark set in 1978 could be surpassed on Tuesday or Wednesday .
What is the impact so far ?
At least 14 people have died , tens of thousands have been evacuated and more have been stranded as catastrophic flooding has paralysed the home of the US oil industry and the fourth most populous city in the US .
Is there a link between the storm and climate change ?
Almost certainly , according to a statement issued by the World Meteorological Organization on Tuesday . “ Climate change means that when we do have an event like Harvey , the rainfall amounts are likely to be higher than they would have been otherwise , ” the UN organisation 's spokeswoman Clare Nullis told a conference .
But hurricanes are nothing new in this part of the world …
Correct . Nobody is arguing that climate change caused the storm , but it is likely to have made it much worse .
How did it make it worse ?
Warmer seas evaporate more quickly . Warmer air holds more water vapour . So , as temperatures rise around the world , the skies store more moisture and dump it more intensely .
Is this speculation or science ?
There is a proven link – known as the Clausius-Clapeyron equation – that shows that for every half a degree celsius in warming , there is about a 3 % increase in atmospheric moisture content .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes in Houston , Texas Monday . Photograph : Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Is that what happened in Texas ?
It was a factor . The surface temperature in the Gulf of Mexico is currently more than half a degree celsius higher than the recent late summer average , which is in turn more than half a degree higher than 30 years ago , according to Michael Mann of Penn State University . As a result there was more potential for a deluge .
Was the amount of rain really that unusual ?
The US National Weather Service has had to introduce a new colour on its graphs to deal with the volume of precipitation . Harvey surpassed the previous US record for rainfall from a tropical system , as 49.2 inches was recorded at Mary 's Creek at Winding Road in Southeast Houston , at 9.20am on Tuesday .
Are there other links between Harvey and climate change ?
Yes , the storm surge was greater because sea levels have risen 20cm as a result of more than 100 years of human-related global warming . This has melted glaciers and thermally expanded the volume of seawater .
How do climatologists account for the unusually rapid intensification of Harvey ahead of landfall ?
The science here is more tentative , as is the possible link to global warming . Harvey 's wind speed rose by about 45mph in the 24 hours before it reached the coast , according to National Hurricane Center . Computer simulations at Massachusetts Institute of Technology have indicated that similarly rapid increases in storm speeds will be 10 to 20 times more likely to occur by the end of this century than they were during the 1900s as a result of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
The damage has worsened as a result of the duration of the deluge . Harvey appears to have parked above Houston , pumping huge volumes of water from the sea to the sky to the city . Will stationary storms like this become more common in the future ?
This is the single most important question posed by Harvey , according to Tim Palmer , Royal Society Research Professor at the University of Oxford . There is not yet a clear link between this and climate change . But scientists have observed a general slowdown of atmospheric summer circulation in the mid-latitudes as a result of strong warming in the Arctic . “ This can make weather systems move less and stay longer in a given location – which can significantly enhance the impacts of rainfall extremes , just like we 're sadly witnessing in Houston , ” noted Stefan Rahmstorf , a co-chair at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jacque McKay walks through the apartment complex where she lives on Saturday in Rockport , Texas . McKay said she was able to rescue her dog but lost pretty much everything else . Photograph : Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Can scientists quantify how responsible humans are for extreme weather like this ?
Attribution is a relatively nascent science , but increasingly sophisticated computer models use temperature records , emission figures and recent data to calculate how the rise in greenhouse gases has increased the risk of a hotter world . Last year , researchers with World Weather Attribution and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimated that man-made emissions nearly doubled the odds of last year 's heavy rains in Louisiana . This summer , they found the heatwave that struck Portugal and Spain was 10 times more likely to have occurred due to global warming . Once the deluge in Texas abates , they may be able to crunch the numbers for Harvey .
Trump visits Texas to view 'epic ' flood damage as Houston braces for more rain Read more
Does the Trump administration acknowledge the link between extreme weather and manmade climate change ?
Not as yet . Trump previously called manmade climate change a myth invented by China . As president , he has announced the US will withdraw from the Paris agreement . On Twitter , his take on Harvey has been incredulity : “ HISTORIC rainfall in Houston , and all over Texas . Floods are unprecedented , and more rain coming ” and “ Even experts have said they 've never seen one like this ! ”
Table 1 . Gender gap in labour force participation and potential impact of closing these gaps
Source : World Employment and Social Outlook – Trends for Women 2017 . Participation rates and gaps for 2017 are projections .
Promoting women 's well-being
Unemployment levels remain higher for women than men
Women are constrained in job opportunities
We need to start by changing our attitudes towards the role of women in the world of work and in society . '' Steven Tobin , lead author of the report
GENEVA ( ILO News ) – Gender gaps remain one of the most pressing challenges facing the world of work . Women are substantially less likely than men to participate in the labour market , and once in the job market , they are less likely than men to find a job and the quality of employment they do find remains a key concern , a new ILO report shows.Helping women access the labour market is nevertheless an important first step . Yet , in 2017 , the global labour force participation rate for women – at just over 49 per cent – is nearly 27 percentage points lower than the rate for men ( table 1 ) , and is forecast to remain unchanged in 2018.In 2014 , G20 leaders made a commitment to reduce the gap in participation rates between men and women by 25 per cent by the year 2025.The report , World Employment and Social Outlook ( WESO ) Trends for Women 2017 , estimates that if this goal was realized at the global level , it has the potential to add US $ 5.8 trillion dollars to the global economy . This could also unlock large potential tax revenues . For example , global tax revenue could increase by US $ 1.5 trillion , most of it in emerging ( US $ 990 billion ) and developed countries ( US $ 530 billion ) , the report noted . Northern Africa , the Arab States and Southern Asia would see the greatest benefits given that in these regions the gaps in participation rates between men and women exceed 50 percentage points.On top of the significant economic benefits , engaging more women in the world of work would have a positive impact on their well-being since most women would like to work . “ The fact that half of women worldwide are out of the labour force when 58 per cent of them would prefer to work at paid jobs is a strong indication that there are significant challenges restricting their capabilities and freedom to participate , ” said ILO Deputy Director-General for Policy , Deborah Greenfield. “ The most immediate concern for policymakers , therefore , should be to alleviate the constraints that women face in choosing to enter the labour market and address the barriers they are confronted with once they are in the workplace. ” When women do participate in the labour market , they are more likely than their male counterparts to be unemployed.Globally , the unemployment rate for women stands at 6.2 per cent in 2017 , representing a gap of 0.7 percentage points from the male unemployment rate of 5.5 per cent . In 2018 , both rates of unemployment are expected to remain relatively unchanged , keeping the gap , therefore , at its current level , with no anticipated improvement in the gap before 2021 based on current trends.Among employed women worldwide , nearly 15 per cent are contributing family workers compared to over 5 per cent among men . In developing countries where nearly 36.6 per cent of women and only 17.2 per cent of men is employed as contributing family workers , the gap is widest at 19 percentage points.A woman 's preference and decision to participate in the labour market and their access to quality jobs can be affected by a number of factors , including discrimination , education , unpaid care work , work-family balance and marital status . Gender role conformity also plays a major role in constraining decent work opportunities for women. “ We need to start by changing our attitudes towards the role of women in the world of work and in society . Far too often some members of society still fall back on the excuse that it is “ unacceptable ” for a woman to have a paid job , ” said Steven Tobin , lead author of the report . For example , 20 per cent of men and 14 per cent of women thinks it is not acceptable for a woman to work outside of the home.The report calls for comprehensive measures to improve equality in labour conditions and reshape gender roles . These include promoting equal pay for work of equal value , tackling the root causes of occupational and sectoral segregation , recognize , reduce , redistribute unpaid care work , and transforming institutions to prevent and eliminate discrimination , violence and harassment against women and men in the world of work. “ Policies should also address the socio-economic factors that influence participation by introducing policies that improve work-family balance , create and protect quality jobs in the care economy and target the macroeconomic environment and informal economy , ” Tobin concludes.This year 's International Labour Conference will hold a World of Work Summit on Thursday , 15 June to discuss how to shape a better future for women at work .
Rural India is going through a slow and at times , agonizing transformation . As agricultural incomes have stagnated , inflation has kept costs high . More-over , aspirations are on the rise – as the migration to the cities acquires pace , more and more rural youth look to a life beyond farming .
Image source
A lot of attention has been devoted to these aspirations by the Government of India . Launched under the UPA regime , the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme was aimed at tackling disguised and real unemployment n rural areas by providing an employment guarantee , an all thing considered , the scheme has worked well .
But the NDA government proposes to take things a step further . First through the ambitious start-up India campaign and later with ‘ Skill India ' , which envisages a series of steps for enabling mass training of youth for jobs and entrepreneurship .
What has been the practical impact of this on the target of such schemes ? If one looks at recent trends , the appetite for entrepreneurship in preference to employment is definitely on the rise among rural youth . Around 5.66 lakh youths have evinced interest to becoming entrepreneurs under the ‘ Project for Livelihoods in Full Employment under MGNREGA ( Project Life- MGNREGA ) ' . While still less than the 8.10 lakh who opted for employment-oriented training , this shows a healthy trend . Another interesting finding of the survey was that this same youth were more interested in entrepreneurship options within the agricultural sector .
This implies significant change in both the urban landscape and the rural one . For decades now , rural migration to urban areas has been the source of cheap labour . Already we see that with entrepreneurship beginning to catch up among the youth , wages for unskilled and low-level jobs are on the rise . In the longer term , if the skills acquired through such laudable initiative as the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana and the new National Policy for Skill Development lead to establishment of businesses throughout the villages , there may even be a reverse migration to rural areas .
This will have a number of positive effects for the country .
Rising rural incomes leads to a multiplier effect on the GDP . Employment levels will rise , which is essential for a country with India 's demographic make-up . Decongestion of cities as availability of employment spreads more evenly between cities and villages . Improvement of infrastructure – As a natural consequence of the emergence of businesses in rural India , the road and electricity infrastructure will have to improve due to demand-pull effect .
For all this to happen , however , a sustained effort from both the Government and the Youth themselves is necessary . From the Government , this takes the form of continued investment in the Skill India and the Start-up India programmes . Regardless of the party in power , there is a need to understand the importance of these initiatives and encourage them . Similarly , the rural Youth need to sustain the ambition to succeed as entrepreneurs against what is likely to be years of struggle against inadequate infrastructure , indifferent bureaucracy and social opposition .
So let us look to the future with optimism , and hope that the fire in their bellies never goes out . Only with these budding entrepreneurs of India we can truly achieve dream of developed India .
There are two different forms of cosplay abuse . Abuse of the term , the ideal , and the activity is the one that I think is a bit more personal to me . The second is abuse of the people themselves . I do n't really mean physically , though that definitely does enter into it , I mean more almost emotional abuse . Let me first talk about the former kind of abuse .
This is something I feel a real need to talk about . Especially after some recent comments on my previous article . I 'm going to start off by saying that I am a crafty person , and I became a crafty person because I wanted to make decent garb for the local renaissance faire . My first year at the local faire I wore a robe made out of a bed sheet . I immediately felt outclassed and completely out of place . I decided on that first trip that I would never again attend an event in anything less than my best . Not the best , my best . I put a lot of effort into every single piece of every costume I ever made for faire . If it was something I could n't make myself , I found someone that could make it for me . I was in my teens , and had too many extra curricular activities to have a job . Because of that I was almost always broke . My mom did n't have much money either , so I did n't get an allowance . Instead she gave me $ 10 a week for lunch . When I wanted something , I would generally just skip lunch for a week so I could afford it . I am very well attuned the idea that you make do with very little . I still never had a bad costume . I made sure of it .
This is the reason I can not even begin to fathom the people that would attend a con , in a costume that is created with less than the basic amount of care . I can understand the draw to wear a costume , I used to do it a lot as I mentioned , but to just toss something together without even a speck of concern for how it actually looks . To me , what this does are it makes cosplayers look bad . Imagine if you were running a game of Pathfinder and your player showed up with a d20 's that were numbered one to fifteen and had several numbers doubled or tripled . Or maybe you were running a game of GURPS and you had a player show up with their character rolled up in FATE . It shows a lack of respect for what they are doing , and belittles the effort that everyone around them is putting into it . Also , for me , it even shows disrespect for whatever property it is you are trying to flatter with your imagery .
I know this may not be a popular stance on the subject , but this is how I feel about it . My next topic though , is something I saw happen almost repeatedly while at GenCon . People being rude and almost dismissive of cosplayers . It seemed like every time I turned around I heard a terse “ Stand still so I can take a picture. ” or “ Hey stop for a minute ! ” Do n't get me wrong , plenty of people asked politely if they could take a picture but there were so many who did not . Quite a few people were just downright rude to the people who 's picture they wanted to take . These are people just like you , and you are asking them to take their time to stop for a picture . You should at least be moderately respectful . Any good cosplayer knows that going to an event in costume means that you will likely never get anything done in a decent amount of time . Back when I went to faire in costume a good third of my day was taken up posing for pictures . It was fun , but it was also quite exhausting . Having people be cordial definitely helps offset some of the irritation and grumpiness that creeps in at the end of a long day .
The biggest thing that I saw that really upset me was people almost taking advantage of people in costume . For example , there was a woman dressed up as Power Girl . If you are n't familiar with the character she is basically in a white unitard with a red cape and blue gloves . She is also pretty well known for being a very busty character . This woman dressed as Power Girl fit the bill perfectly and was wearing a very good costume . I was taking a bit of a breather at this point and saw her walk by , I considered asking for a picture but she was talking to some guys she was with and I assumed they were making plans to do something . I let it go and kept up my Extended Rest . A short while later she returned sans companions . This time I did stop to ask her for a picture ( sadly it was way blurry and I deleted it ) , and just as I was thanking her for her time this group of guys comes running up to her . I heard a loud “ Dude , take my picture with this hot chick. ” as he threw his arm around her waist and basically squished his face into the side of her boobs without a moment 's thought to asking for consent . The friend snapped the picture and then shouted “ My turn ! ” I could see on her face that she was uncomfortable by many shades at least . Since I was still standing there I piped in with a “ Hey fellas , chill out a bit its not a free show alright ? ” I of course was set on the other end of a withering look from Big Burly Dude Number 1 who was now behind the camera . Not to be outdone , I shot him my own withering look and a terse “ Seriously , give her some space and next time ask her damn permission before just assuming you can run up and grope her for a picture. ” Grabby McFingerson snorted and they walked off . Power Girl gave me a grateful smile and I smiled back and we parted ways .
I saw this particular scene play out time and time again all day long with various girls and women on the receiving end of unwanted attention purely because they were in costume . I even saw one guy do a covert boob grab . I was across the hallway and could n't do a damn thing about it , but that makes me sick . Just because someone is in a costume , no matter how bad or trashy or flesh revealing it is , does not mean you are allowed to get a free show . Put your hormones on low gear there Captain Jack , this time you are n't getting a Jolly Roger . These are human beings , not sex dolls on parade for your perverse enjoyment . If you want to put your hands on someone , go to a strip club . Not a gaming convention .
And before I get accused of being sexist , I saw it happen with women as well . In this case it was even more overt and I would be even more likely to call it gross sexual imposition or something similar . A guy was wearing one of those full neon bodysuits head to toe . Do n't ask me what its from I do n't even know if its a character or what , but I see them all the time at conventions for some reason . His package was quite impressive I must admit , and apparently a gaggle of ladies agreed with me . Out of nowhere one of said giggly ladies runs up and full on grabs his junk and then runs away giggling . Why would anyone in their right mind think that this behavior is OK ? No normal person in a normal environment would think that this is OK , but for some reason at GenCon when dealing with cosplayers its a perfectly legitimate thing to do for some people .
To clear the air a bit , I should mention that to my senses there was no alcohol involved in any of these instances . I have told these stories a few times since my trip and each time someone asked me if they were drunk . I really do n't think they were . I think it was just a matter of taking too many liberties in a non-standard situation . The lesson here , is just to be a decent human being . Ask permission to take a picture , thank them for their time , and for gods sake if you have to be in the picture keep your hands to yourself .
Photo
Are all calories created equal ? A new study suggests that in at least one important way , they may not be .
Sugary foods and drinks , white bread and other processed carbohydrates that are known to cause abrupt spikes and falls in blood sugar appear to stimulate parts of the brain involved in hunger , craving and reward , the new research shows . The findings , published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , suggest that these so-called high-glycemic foods influence the brain in a way that might drive some people to overeat .
For those who are particularly susceptible to these effects , avoiding refined carbohydrates might reduce urges and potentially help control weight , said Dr. David Ludwig , the lead author of the study and the director of the New Balance Foundation Obesity Prevention Center at Boston Children 's Hospital .
“ This research suggests that based on their effects on brain metabolism , all calories are not alike , ” he said . “ Not everybody who eats processed carbohydrates develops uncontrollable food cravings . But for the person who has been struggling with weight in our modern food environment and unable to control their cravings , limiting refined carbohydrate may be a logical first step . ”
Regardless of the diet they choose , most people who lose a great deal of weight have a difficult time keeping it off for good . For many people , despite their best efforts , the weight returns within six months to a year . But a few studies of weight loss maintenance , including a large one in The New England Journal of Medicine in 2010 , have reported some success with diets that limit high-glycemic foods like bagels , white rice , juice and soda .
In addition to raising blood sugar , foods that are sugary and highly caloric elicit pronounced responses in distinct areas of the brain involved in reward . Earlier imaging studies have shown , for example , that the main reward and pleasure center , the nucleus accumbens , lights up more intensely for a slice of chocolate cake than for blander foods like vegetables , and the activation tends to be greater in the brains of obese people than it is in those who are lean .
But do rich desserts have a select ability to change our longer-term eating habits ?
To get a better idea , Dr. Ludwig and his colleagues recruited a dozen obese men and then fed them milkshakes on two different occasions separated by several weeks . In each case , the milkshakes were nearly identical : flavored with milk and vanilla , and containing the same amount of calories , carbohydrates , protein and fat .
But on one occasion , the shakes were made with high-glycemic corn syrup ; on the other , a source of low-glycemic carbohydrates was used . “ These test meals were identical in appearance and tastiness , and we verified that our subjects had no preference for one or the other , ” Dr. Ludwig said .
As expected , blood sugar levels rose more quickly in response to the high-glycemic milkshake . But the researchers were especially interested in what happened several hours later , about the time most people are ready for their next meal .
What they found was that four hours after drinking the high-glycemic shake , blood sugar levels had plummeted into the hypoglycemic range , the subjects reported more hunger , and brain scans showed greater activation in parts of the brain that regulate cravings , reward and addictive behaviors . Although the subject pool was small , every subject showed the same response , and the differences in blood flow to these regions of the brain between the two conditions “ was quite substantial , ” Dr. Ludwig said .
“ Based on the strength and consistency of the response , ” he added , “ the likelihood that this was due to chance was less than one in a thousand . ”
Previous research suggests that when blood sugar levels plummet , people have a tendency to seek out foods that can restore it quickly , and this may set up a cycle of overeating driven by high-glycemic foods , Dr. Ludwig said . “ It makes sense that the brain would direct us to foods that would rescue blood sugar , ” he said . “ That 's a normal protective mechanism . ”
Christopher Gardner , a nutrition scientist at Stanford University who was not involved in the new study , said that after decades of research but little success in fighting obesity , “ it has been disappointing that the message being communicated to the American public has been boiled down to ‘ eat less and exercise more . ' ”
“ An underlying assumption of the ‘ eat less ' portion of that message has been ‘ a calorie is a calorie , ' ” he said . But the new research “ sheds light on the strong plausibility that it is n't just the amount of food we are eating , but also the type . ”
Dr. Gardner said it was clear that the conventional approach of the past few decades was not working . A more helpful message than “ eat less , ” he said , may be “ eat less refined carbohydrates and more whole foods . ”
Earlier this week , Tesla announced that it will be partnering with Panasonic to produce photovoltaic cells at the new solar panel factory in Buffalo , New York . The structure 's construction started before Tesla purchased SolarCity for $ 2.6 billion .
According to Reuters , the Japanese electronics company Panasonic is investing $ 256 million in the factory . The announcement by the electric carmaker reads :
“ Panasonic will cover required capital costs in Buffalo and Tesla is making a long-term purchase commitment from Panasonic . ”
The photovoltaic cells and modules will be used in solar panels for non-solar roof products and solar glass tile roofs , the announcement informs . No financial figures were shared .
Production is intended to begin mid-2017 and will create thousands of jobs in the coming years . Over 1,400 employment opportunities will be created in Buffalo – including more than 500 manufacturing jobs . The Japanese company will also work with Tesla on developing PV next generation technology at SolarCity 's facility in Fremont , CA .
The state of New York has committed $ 750 million to build and outfit the plant at Buffalo 's RiverBend site . According to ArsTechnica , the investment is the centerpiece of NYC Governor Andrew Cuomo 's “ Buffalo A Billion ” program to revitalize the upstate city .
What 's clear is that Tesla and Panasonic have entered into a long-term purchase commitment . When production of the solar roof begins , the electric carmaker will incorporate the Japanese company 's cells into the numerous types of solar glass tile roofs that will be manufactured . Reportedly , all solar products produced by Panasonic will work seamlessly with Tesla 's energy storage products , such as the Powerwall .
More exciting developments will undoubtedly be revealed . What are your thoughts ? Please comment below and share this news !
This article ( Tesla , Panasonic To Build $ 750 Million Solar Factory In Buffalo , NY ) is free and open source . You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
How We Use npm At uShip For the longest time we committed our entire node_modules folder here at uShip . We recently made the switch to npm On-Site . This is our journey . Here at the ‘ Ship we do n't actually run a node server in production , we just use node for our front-end build system . This includes transpiling our SCSS to CSS , transpiling our ECMAScript 6 to ECMAScript 5 , linting , and most recently , bundling via webpack .
Our Old Way of Doing Things
Limitations/Issues We Came Across
Intuitively , it would seem that the best approach to building our dependencies would be to run npm install as a build step to install all our packages from our package.json . Unfortunately , if npm were ever down in this scenario , our build process would fail . Thus we chose to commit our node dependencies to source control as a fail-safe . The first problem we encountered was the length of file paths for deeply-nested dependencies . Windows has problems with file paths longer than 260 characters , thus , if any dependencies had file paths in our node_modules folder that were longer than that , then we were n't able to commit our dependencies . Our solution was to use a package called flatten-deps which moved all of our nested dependencies to the root of the node_modules directory . This worked well , but required us to rerun the flattening process with every change to our dependencies .. We ignored this annoyance for a while , though , since there was no better solution .
Our Transition to npm On-Site
The first step in our journey to npm On-Site was npm_lazy . Unfortunately , though , it had limitations . By default npm_lazy pulls from the public registry . If the case ever arises that the public registry is down , npm_lazy will deliver dependencies from its local cache , preventing your build process from going down along with the public registry . This approach lacked two features that we really wanted : the performance gained from always pulling dependencies from the local cache , and the ability to prevent others from installing undesired dependencies without the proper approval process .
npm Enterprise
As soon as I learned about npm Enterprise , I was immediately interested , since it solved the above-mentioned restrictions presented by npm_lazy : it allowed for defaulting to pull from the local dependency cache , and adds whitelisting functionality to prevent arbitrary packages from being added without review . We struggled to get npm Enterprise functioning properly at first due to our version of npm being out of date . After we fixed this , we still ran into problems with the original initialization of the registry while it scanned the entire public registry for an initial pass . We still do n't fully understand why , but it stopped in the middle and never finished . After talking with support , they recommended that we try out anew version of npm Enterprise more suited to our needs .. They call this new version npm On-Site .
How npm On-Site Is Different
npm On-Site has a few things that are truly convenient about it that make it much easier to manage than the original npm Enterprise . For starters , with npm On-Site they moved the original npm Enterprise registry to run within a docker container for stability purposes . This allowed them to add the main new feature of On-Site : an admin interface that allows you to start and stop the registry , update the version of On-Site you are running , and control the settings of the service all from an interface accessible through a local url . The admin interface also provides some useful graphs of memory and cpu usage and a few other things that make using the On-Site service much easier .
Final Impressions
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today approved Maci ( autologous cultured chondrocytes on porcine collagen membrane ) for the repair of symptomatic , full-thickness cartilage defects of the knee in adult patients . Maci is the first FDA-approved product that applies the process of tissue engineering to grow cells on scaffolds using healthy cartilage tissue from the patient 's own knee .
Knee problems are common , and occur in people of all ages . Cartilage defects in the knee can result from an injury , straining the knee beyond its normal motion , or can be caused by overuse , muscle weakness , and general wear and tear .
“ Different cartilage defects require different treatments , so therapy must be tailored to the patient , ” said Celia Witten , Ph.D. , M.D. , deputy director of the FDA 's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research . “ The introduction of Maci provides surgeons with an additional option for treatment . ”
Maci is composed of a patient 's own ( autologous ) cells that are expanded and placed onto a bio-resorbable ( can be broken down by the body ) porcine-derived collagen membrane that is implanted over the area where the defective or damaged tissue was removed . Administration should be performed by a surgeon specifically trained in the use of Maci .
Each Maci implant consists of a small cellular sheet containing 500,000 to 1,000,000 cells per cm2 ( about 0.16 square inches ) . The amount of Maci administered depends on the size of the cartilage defect , and is trimmed to ensure that the damaged area is completely covered . Multiple implants may be used if there is more than one defect .
The safety and efficacy of Maci were shown in a two-year clinical trial designed to demonstrate reduced pain and improved function in comparison to microfracture , an alternative surgical procedure for cartilage repair . The trial included 144 patients ( 72 in each treatment group ) . A majority of the patients who completed the two-year clinical trial also participated in a three year follow-up study . Overall efficacy data support a long-term clinical benefit from the use of the Maci implant in patients with cartilage defects .
The most common side effect reported by people who received Maci were : joint pain , common cold-like symptoms , headache and back pain .
Maci is manufactured by Vericel Corporation , headquartered in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The FDA , an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , protects the public health by assuring the safety , effectiveness , and security of human and veterinary drugs , vaccines and other biological products for human use , and medical devices . The agency also is responsible for the safety and security of our nation 's food supply , cosmetics , dietary supplements , products that give off electronic radiation , and for regulating tobacco products .
# # #
The City and Waterfront Toronto are holding a public meeting to present an update on the future of the eastern section of the Gardiner Expressway .
Bluma Appel Salon
Toronto Public Library , Yonge North of Bloor
Thursday , February 6 , 2014 from 6:30 pm to 9:00 pm
A media briefing on February 5 introduced the material , and there is widespread coverage in the mainstream press that I will not duplicate here . My interest lies more in the relationship of the expressway to travel demand generally , and to the importance of transit for the future development of central Toronto .
The media presentation contains information that will be included in the public meeting , and illustrations here are taken from that file .
The section of the Gardiner under study extends east from Jarvis Street to the Don Valley Parkway , plus the ramp down to Lake Shore Blvd . east of the Don River . It is important to remember what is not being changed .
From Jarvis Street west , the existing expressway will be rebuilt under a multi-year program stretching to about 2019 .
The south end of the DVP will be modified only to the extent needed to connect in with whatever new or revised structure might be built .
The ramp down to Lake Shore will remain in its current form except if the Gardiner is removed , in which case the ramp will be demolished and a new Lake Shore will cross the Don on a bridge at grade .
The Gardiner 's design capacity was scaled for connection to a future Scarborough Expressway that was never built , and the structure east of Jarvis is wider than is needed for the demand . This section gives the greatest opportunity for reworking , and releases the most land around the expressway in any new configuration .
The demand on this section is small compared with other parts of the expressway network to the north and west .
Of the trips southbound on the DVP , 40 % turn off at Richmond Street while the remaining 60 % continue south , mostly bound for the Gardiner . Lake Shore Blvd . itself contributes to demand on the section between the Don and Jarvis . However , of the 4,500 AM peak hour trips on this road , almost 2/3 are bound for somewhere downtown . Only 1/3 are trips bound to points west .
Eastbound peak traffic is even more concentrated west of Jarvis with 79 % of inbound traffic leaving the expressway before it reaches the section under study .
In both cases , the questions are :
how much should be spent on infrastructure for the comparatively low number of through trips , and
is a fully grade-separated road really needed here ?
Although expressway users consider themselves a vital majority , the actual numbers for travel into the core do n't bear this out .
Of the AM Peak trips into downtown , 4 % arrive from the Gardiner West . As we know from the destination chart above , most of these exit at or west of Jarvis , and they would not be affected by changes to the eastern section . 3 % of trips arrive via that eastern segment . The vast majority of commute trips use transit ( TTC/GO ) , cycle or walk into the core .
Development downtown continues both for residential and commercial space , and the rate of growth south of the rail corridor is running at a higher level than expected in earlier stages of the Gardiner study . This places additional demand on the transportation system as a whole , but there is no surplus capacity in the road network feeding into the core . The Gardiner West has been at capacity for decades , and demand from the north is constrained by the DVP where the inbound peak point is actually north of Bloor .
All of the growth that is expected over coming decades must be accommodated with improved transit and , to a lesser extent , cycling and walking .
The TTC section of this chart shows clearly the long stagnation in capacity to the core and the dropoff in demand with the mid-90 's recession . GO Transit has sustained growth , but it will carry less than half the riders of the TTC into the core even out to the 2031 projections . This occurs because development is shifting back downtown , and transit within the “ 416 ” will take up the bulk of the new ridership .
The presumed development for the demand model includes :
Full build-out of the waterfront including the Port Lands over 40-50 years
City population growth of 30 %
City employment growth of 30 %
Increase of downtown trips of 50 %
This produces a capacity shortfall for transportation from the east regardless of what is done with the expressway .
Additional transit lines are essential to sustain growth in the core :
The “ Relief ” subway line
The Eastern Waterfront LRT line
The Broadview extension and LRT south to Lake Shore
The question of building more transit is no longer one of “ if ” capacity will be provided , but “ how soon ” . Growth in the core will be strangled without more transit , and this message must be heard by those who take the attitude that “ downtown has enough subways ” . The additional demand can not possibly be handled only by GO Transit , although it has a role to play .
Missing from these charts ( because it is outside of the study area ) is a view of the problems to the north and west of the core . That will be the subject of an Environmental Assessment to begin in March 2014 looking at both the Relief subway line and potential GO improvements such as the “ big U ” via the Stouffville and Weston corridors .
Population and employment growth downtown are both strong . The recession 's effect on employment is clear with the slowdown in employment from 1991 to 2001 , but the trend is expected to swing upward . Population downtown was once under 1/3 of employment , but the proportion is pushing upward contributing to the rise in walking and cycling trips . That employment growth , of course , drives the additional transit demand , but without that transit , the growth can not occur .
The four options for the Gardiner are :
This version leaves the expressway more or less as it is with changes only to Lake Shore Blvd . to better integrate it with the proposed street plan of the revitalized waterfront .
The “ Improve ” option has been simplified from the version presented in earlier public consultations in an attempt to lower its cost . Note that the Gardiner is reduced to two lanes each way in keeping with the capacity of the roads connecting to it .
This option provides a new 4-lane expressway at a higher elevation than the existing structure to reduce the visual effect at street level .
The “ Remove ” option consolidates the Gardiner and Lake Shore traffic onto one new boulevard at grade . The new road has four lanes each way plus a wide median and sidewalks .
The “ Remove ” option is the least expensive on a life cycle basis because it is much less infrastructure-intensive . Ongoing operations and maintenance would be most expensive if the existing structure were retained in part because it would be larger than is needed for the demand . A new structure would be cheaper , but still over the long term would require substantial maintenance . Note that on a net present value basis , the relative magnitude of future maintenance costs is much smaller because most of them are discounted from decades in the future . The high capital cost of a new structure , however , can not be avoided as a short-term expense . ( Note that construction of any option will not start until about 2020 , and so even the capital costs are discounted to present-day dollars . )
Construction effects would be substantial , especially for the “ Replace ” option which would require a complete shutdown of both the Gardiner and Lake Shore for 8 years . Such an interruption is not practical , and “ Less Preferred ” as a ranking is an understatement . The shortest construction period would be for the “ Remove ” option which could be accomplished in two 18-month shutdowns , one for each direction .
No matter which option is chosen , there will be some impediments to drivers for a considerable period .
Projected travel times raise the most concern among motorists who see their beloved Gardiner under threat by the “ Remove ” option . It is fascinating to contemplate that GO , Metrolinx and TTC might spend billions of dollars to make access to downtown easier , and yet the longer travel times for a small fraction of the commuting population would still dominate political debate .
The projected times are subject to review , and an obvious question must be why options other than “ Maintain ” increase travel times from Etobicoke to downtown . However , these are the numbers that have been published and they will set the tone for coming debates .
Which version do I prefer ? That 's simple : remove this chunk of the expressway because its function can be substantially replaced by a much more attractive surface roadway . Toronto would not be the first city to do this , and it will certainly not be the last .
Can this option actually get through Council as it is now constituted ? Very , very unlikely . But the whole thing will be back for another round in 2015 when detailed feedback from the EA is completed . The challenge will come if Council approves “ Maintain ” in 2014 and the EA proceeds only to look at that option in detail for the next year . A new Council may be faced with backtracking to make up for the partisan , shortsighted nature of today 's political environment .
What must not be forgotten in all the hand-wringing about disappearing road capacity is the much greater challenge for transit , and the threat that a focus only on the expressway will bring to the future development of Toronto 's core .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The grotesque extremes to which Muammar Qaddafi has gone to threaten the people of Libya—and to act on those threats—have left the self-proclaimed “ king of kings ” with few defenders in northern Africa , the Middle East or the international community . Ad Policy
Even among frequent critics of US interventions abroad , there is disgust with Qaddafi , and with the palpable disdain he has expressed for the legitimate aspirations of his own people .
So it is that the advocacy for military intervention has spread far beyond the usual circle of neoconservative hawks .
The circumstance is made easier by the fact that the bombing of Libya by US and allied planes is being carried out under the auspices of the United Nations . And with his words and his initial reluctance with regard to taking military action , President Obama has seemed to avoid many of the excesses of his predecessors .
Yet , now the headline on CNN reads “ Libya War . ”
And anyone who takes the Constitution seriously should have a problem with the fact that , once again , the United States is involved in a war that has neither been debated nor declared by the Congress of the United States .
The penchant of presidents of embark upon military adventures without consulting Congress is now so pronounced that it is barely noted anymore that the Constitution says “ Congress shall have power to…declare War . ”
Unless the United States is immediately threatened , presidents are n't supposed to declare wars or launch them on their own .
Of all the checks and balances outlined in the Constitution , none is more significant than the power to declare war .
Yet , since World War II , presidents have launched attacks , interventions and wars without declarations . And now that has happened again .
There are plenty of explanations for why this happens . Treaties that require to bind the United States to the United Nations . The War Powers Act . The general sense that members of Congress would prefer to let presidents call the shots .
But the Constitution does not establish any exit strategies for members of the Congress , They are supposed to provide advice and consent—or to deny it .
Unfortunately , that just does not happen anymore .
When the United States ratified the United Nations treaty after World War II , Henrik Shipstead and William Langer were the only senators to cast “ no ” votes on the UN Charter . Other senators , California 's Hiram Johnson and Wisconsin 's Robert M. La Follette Jr. , expressed reservations .
What was their fear ? The senators worried that , under the agreement with the United Nations , presidents would involve US troops in wars launched by the United Nations—without ever consulting Congress .
That fear proved to be well founded , as history would soon confirm , when President Truman sent US troops to Korea as part of a UN mission—but without a Congressional declaration .
President Obama 's approval of an intervention in Libya has also skipped the Congress .
Was this necessary ? Of course not . Obama could have consulted Congress ; indeed , if the issue was pressing , he could have asked that the House and Senate be called into session over the weekend .
That is what Congressman Dennis Kucinich proposed , when he declared last week that “ Congress should be called back into session immediately to decide whether or not to authorize the United States ' participation in a military strike . If it does not , the action of the President is contrary to [ the ] US Constitution . Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution clearly states that the United States Congress has the power to declare war . The President does not . That was the Founders ' intent . ”
The Ohio Democrat sent a letter to Congressional leaders “ indicating that the national interest requires that Congress be called back quickly to Washington to exercise its Constitutional authority to determine whether our armed forces should participate in the UN mission . ”
“ Both houses of Congress must weigh in , ” Kucinich added . “ This is not for the President alone , or for a few high ranking Members of Congress to decide . ”
Consulting Congress does not mean that Congress will block a war . The constitutional system of checks and balances was not established merely to stop wars , although the wisest of the founders did hope that the requirements they imposed would “ chain the dogs of war . ”
The decision to place the power to declare wars was placed with the House and Senate in order to allow members of Congress to add their insights , to propose timelines , to set limits and parameters for military initiatives .
The debate , the discussion , the sifting and winnowing of information : This is the point .
Unfortunately , it is a point that Obama has missed .
The United States is now deep into what CNN calls the ” Libya War , ” yet there has been no Congressional debate , no advice or consent , no checks and balances .
The Republic was well served by the drafters of a constitution , who gave the war-making power to Congress .
They were wise , and right , to do so . And any president who steers the country into an offensive war without consulting Congress ill serves the founding document and the republic .
President Trump plans to unveil his new tax plan on Wednesday .
Sources tell CNN he may propose slashing the top corporate rate from 35 % to 15 % -- as he proposed during the campaign .
Such a dramatic change would likely set up a clash with Republican leaders on Capitol Hill .
Here 's why : Republican leaders are eager to cut corporate taxes , but for various reasons they do n't want to add to the country 's debt . And a 15 % corporate rate could drive up deficits by a lot .
For example , the Tax Policy Center estimated in November that Trump 's 15 % proposal , coupled with a repeal of the corporate Alternative Minimum Tax , could reduce revenue by nearly $ 2.4 trillion in the first decade .
To put that in context , that 's about $ 240 billion a year -- which is almost as much as the $ 304 billion the government spent last year on income security programs such as food stamps , unemployment benefits and child nutrition .
The cost could jump to nearly $ 4 trillion if Trump also chooses to extend the 15 % rate to so-called pass-through businesses , which include everything from small businesses to big law firms and investment partnerships . The owners and shareholders of those businesses pay a top rate of 39.6 % today .
Related : Trump relies on magic wand of growth to pay for tax cuts
The price tag could be somewhat less if Trump chose not to repeal the corporate AMT . But if he did n't , that would greatly undercut the value of the rate reduction to 15 % for many corporations because they would have a higher tax bill under the AMT , said Roberton Williams of the Tax Policy Center .
The TPC was working off a plan from the Trump campaign that was thin on details . So absent those , it 's hard to do a more tailored cost estimate .
But it 's very fair to assume the cost of reducing the corporate tax rate will be high .
Administration officials cautioned that nothing is final . And sources told CNN that Wednesday 's announcement is not likely to offer much explanation for how tax reductions would be paid for .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said , however , that Trump 's tax plan would be paid for through economic growth . Experts throw cold water on that idea , since there is no evidence that tax cuts pay for themselves .
The Wall Street Journal first reported that Trump wants to include a 15 % corporate tax rate in Wednesday 's announcement .
Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch said that a 15 % corporate tax rate would be problematic because it would increase the deficit and run into parliamentary problems if Republicans try to pass their tax bill under a procedure that lets them avoid a filibuster .
`` I 'd love to do that . [ But ] I 'm not sure we can get them down that low , '' Hatch said when asked about the proposed rate .
-- CNN 's Jeff Zeleny , Jim Acosta and Manu Raju contributed to this report .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Kezia Dugdale says she would not stop MSPs campaigning for independence
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she would not stop MPs and MSPs campaigning for independence if there was another referendum .
Ms Dugdale told BBC Scotland she would not `` shut down '' debate on the issue within Scottish Labour .
Her comments came after former leader Johann Lamont said Labour should consider having a `` free vote '' in any future independence referendum .
Ms Dugdale said she had `` tremendous respect '' for this position .
Labour joined the Tories and the Lib Dems to campaign against independence in the run-up to last year 's referendum , which resulted in a `` No '' vote .
However , the party suffered a massive defeat at the general election in May , when it was reduced to just one MP .
Ms Lamont , who was Scottish Labour leader during the referendum campaign , told BBC Scotland that `` on balance '' she believed it was right to join the Conservatives in the Better Together campaign .
But she said Labour should have had a better resourced and more energetic campaign of its own .
The former leader , speaking as part of a series of BBC Scotland interviews to mark the anniversary of the referendum , said it was `` self-evident '' that some people within the Labour movement had accepted that Scotland could be independent .
Responding to the comments on BBC Scotland 's Sunday Politics , Ms Dugdale said she did not think a second referendum was `` inevitable '' and insisted `` Yes '' supporters could `` have a home in the Scottish Labour Party '' .
Image copyright PA Image caption Johann Lamont said Labour members had voted for independence
She said : `` I want people who voted both Yes and No to see that the Labour party is the vehicle for progressive change in this country , which is why I am completely comfortable and , in fact , would encourage people who voted Yes in the past to take a look at our party and see that it has changed . ''
When asked if Labour 's MP and MSPs should be allowed to campaign against party policy , as they did in the 1979 devolution referendum , Ms Dugdale said : `` Yes . Many Labour members , in fact almost 30 % of Labour party supporters , voted Yes . We know that now from all the evidence and I respect that .
`` I 'm not going to shut down my party 's renewal and debate in my party because people hold a different position on independence . ''
She added : `` If somebody holds that view on the question of independence , I 'm not going to try to shut down the debate . ''
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said : `` For the leader of a party supposedly committed to safeguarding Scotland 's place within the United Kingdom it beggars belief that Kezia Dugdale should now be giving her support to Labour MSPs and activists who want to campaign for independence .
`` As a result of her statement , the position of the Scottish Labour party on this most vital of issues has been plunged into complete confusion and Kezia Dugdale must explain her apparent u-turn immediately . ''
SNP MSP Linda Fabiani said : `` These comments are a tacit admission that allying with the Tories against Scottish independence has been disastrous for the Labour Party in Scotland . ''
Kenny Dalglish : Liverpool boss is intent on luring the best young talent to Anfield
Sky Sports understands Liverpool have handed a two-week trial to Swedish teenager Abdul Aziz , who has been dubbed the `` baby Didier Drogba '' .
The 14-year-old , who was born in Sierra Leone , has an excellent scoring record for his club ISK Norkopping and with the Sweden Under-15 national team .
Manchester United and City had both been watching the youngster , but have been caught napping by their north west rivals who moved swiftly to land Aziz on a trial .
His arrival at Anfield represents a real coup for Liverpool as Aziz is viewed as one of the biggest talents to emerge from Sweden in a generation .
Kenny Dalglish is committed to bringing the best talent from Europe and England to Anfield , as he lays the foundations for a new era of success .
Over the past 18 months the Merseyside club have snared some of the most highly-rated teenagers in the country in Raheem Sterling , Jordon Ibe and Seyi Ojo .
Travel around Paris this week and you might run into some unusual public ads : an Air France billboard proclaiming , “ We 'll keep on bribing politicians and emitting greenhouse gases ” ; a Volkswagen promotion saying , “ We 're sorry that we got caught . ”
Is the world 's worst marketing agency on the loose ? Actually , the 600-or-so altered ads are the work of street artists working with Brandalism , a shadowy group that since 2012 has replaced European billboards with activist messages and art . Their latest hack from this weekend takes aim at global-warming denial and the corporate forces opposing climate action , right before the Paris climate talks ( known as COP21 ) are scheduled to begin .
From the group 's website :
Following on in the guerilla art traditions of the 20th Century and taking inspiration from Agitprop , Situationist and Street Art movements , the Brandalism project sees artists from around the world collaborate to challenge the authority and legitimacy of commercial images within public space and within our culture.… All the artwork is unauthorised and unsigned . This is not a project of self-promotion , and none of the artists names… or websites appear on the works : we believe there are already enough private interests taking ownership of our streets .
Here 's a sampling of what 's popped up in the city ; for many more images , visit Brandalism 's gallery .
Revolt Design
Barnbrook
Paul Insect
Eye Saw
Bill Posters
Bill Posters
Bill Posters
Barnbrook
B+
Unga
Polyp
Occupy Design
As we continue to become a more connected society , the importance of cybersecurity is growing . That 's why companies like Google welcome good-guy hackers to help find holes in their systems or products , such as the Google Pixel . In fact , a Chinese hacking team found a weakness in the smartphone and exploited it in under a minute .
The team , called Qihoo 360 , was participating in PwnFest , a hacking contest and security conference in South Korea . Qihoo 360 remotely accessed the Pixel to send hack codes that launched Chrome and displayed a web page reading “ Pwned By 360 Alpha Team. ” The team was awarded a $ 120,000 bounty from Google , who now is working on beefing up Pixel 's security .
In the wrong hands , such a hack could compromise a user 's personal data , which criminals can use maliciously .
Two years ago , Qihoo 360 performed a similar hack on a Tesla Model S , where they were able to remotely control the locks , open the sunroof , and interfere with the traction controls and charging system .
Fish farms now produce a million tons of fish each year around the globe . But octopuses have largely escaped this kind of confined aquaculturing , despite a growing global demand and overfishing . Why ? That 's the million-ton question .
Based on their brief life cycles , prolific reproduction and efficient metabolisms , octopuses should be ideal candidates for aquaculture . They have short lives , many taking only a year or two to reach full maturity . Females lay thousands and thousands of eggs . And as poikilotherms , they are incredibly efficient at turning calories consumed into body mass .
Groups of scientists and entrepreneurs across the world—from Japan to Australia to Italy to Mexico—have been trying to find a way to rear these finicky creatures from egg to export . And most of them have struggled . But now , one farm has reported success , a move that could help wild populations and researchers alike .
On the Yucatan coast in Mexico , a small cooperative is finally rearing Octopus maya from eggs after a decade of research and unsuccessful attempts , according to news reports . Called Mayab Mollusks , it is still in its infancy , but the group is planning to gear up to larger commercial operations .
Food is one of the trickiest pieces of the cephalopod-cultivation puzzle . `` Diet is probably a crucial factor in the success of farming , '' Guadalupe Villegas Barcenas , a graduate marine sciences researcher at the Autonomous National University of Mexico , told The Yucatan Times . Unlike fish species that are farmed in captivity , most octopus larvae insist on eating live food . This demand can make rearing young octopuses expensive—and often cost-ineffective . Once they mature , they will eat frozen crab or shrimp . O. maya , however , skip this pickier phase and are more apt to consume less costly chum . Mayab Mollusks is developing a specialized blend of crab , squid and other yummy ingredients that the growing octopuses seem to like . Other crucial elements for surviving—and thriving—octopuses include water temperature , salinity and water flow , all of which are carefully monitored to insure the octopuses stay health and keep growing .
To take their octopuses from egg to adult , the researchers allow wild-caught males and females to mate . Once the females lay fertile eggs , these are removed and placed in an `` incubator '' that mimics the local sea environment where females often brood their clutches . Once the eggs hatch , the young—which in this species skip the smallest larval stage—are moved to a feeding area . Once the octopuses reach a mature weight , they can then be sold at market .
The program was started by the university , which then invited local costal community members to join , as a way to bring in income during the six months each year when the fisheries were closed . Local women , who normally sold fish while men went out to fish , were the first to join in and have been working on the project since 2005 .
The knowledge gained from this farming operation could help scientists rear their own octopus specimens , which would in turn produce more controllable research . ( Many cephalopod researchers now have to rely on wild-caught specimens of unknown age and life history . ) And if other farming operations crop up , it could help relieve some of the ecological pressure in areas in which octopuses have been overfished , such as in Europe , Asia and Africa .
Another group attempting to cultivate octopuses , Fremantle Octopus Company , is based in Perth , Australia . Instead of trying to bring octopus babies through their tenuous early stage , this company is starting out with underweight octopuses—mainly the common Sydney octopus ( O. tetricus ) —already caught by fishermen ( they 're calling their process `` ocean to plate '' ) . Their next hope is to move to a full life-cycle model .
One other potential obstacle to octopus farming , however , is that unlike many other animals that are currently reared together in large numbers , octopuses can not be vaccinated against common infections . They have no acquired immunity—a surprising feature we will cover in the next installment .
Illustration courtesy of Ivan Phillipsen
Forecast
▪ The Chinese navy will continue to increase its forays and deployments around the globe .
▪ Beijing will put considerable effort into establishing a capable and expansive logistics network to support its increasingly global operations .
▪ Nevertheless , given limited onshore options , China will rely heavily on supply ships to replenish its warships while at sea .
Analysis
On Nov. 26 , Beijing announced its plans to establish its first overseas naval installation in the small nation of Djibouti , a strategic location on the Horn of Africa about 7,700 kilometers ( 4,800 miles ) from China . China is growing into its role as a great power and is setting the stage for more active involvement by its military to defend Beijing 's interests abroad . To that end , China will continue to work toward establishing a capable and expansive logistics network to support its increasingly global operations .
More Ships , More Need
Establishing resupply and logistics points abroad is a vital component of China 's attempts to expand its global reach . China already maintains a constant naval presence in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden as part of its contribution to the U.N. anti-piracy mission , which the Chinese Foreign Ministry says is its primary motivation for setting up the new naval installation . Since the U.N. mission began in December 2008 , Chinese ships have docked in Djibouti more than 50 times . The new base will provide a more comprehensive resupply point for the constant stream of warships traveling back and forth from China .
However , China 's interests and involvement abroad extend far beyond its anti-piracy efforts . For instance , the new installation could be a crucial link in its logistics chain supporting U.N. peacekeeping operations in Africa as well as any future Chinese interventions on the African continent . The installation in Djibouti , likely to be located at Obock on the country 's northern coast , may also extend China 's reach further into the Indian Ocean , and China could stage maritime patrol aircraft there . Indeed , Djibouti has already proved critical to Beijing . When China staged a rescue operation to remove its citizens and others from the conflict in Yemen in April , Chinese personnel took the evacuees to Djibouti . Other significant powers , including the United States , France and Japan , also maintain a presence in the country .
China has traditionally downplayed the military aspect of its presence in foreign ports . Activity has typically focused on infrastructure development and trade . Frequent visits by Chinese naval vessels are portrayed as just that : visits , rather than the establishment of a logistics support network that already spans the Indian Ocean . But as the Chinese increasingly deploy their ships abroad , Beijing is slowly becoming more willing to recognize and publicly acknowledge the military component of its overseas moves . This is well demonstrated by the latest Chinese defense white paper , which lays out how the Chinese military will manage its growing international role .
As the Chinese stage more naval forays , they will need more established logistics bases rather than ports of call . Logistics bases with a strong Chinese shore presence allow for more maintenance , potential munitions and spare parts storage , crew rest facilities and aviation facilities . The Djibouti base will likely fall within this category , giving the Chinese navy broader logistics capabilities .
Though Djibouti is emerging as a major logistics hub for China , Beijing has also been paying particular attention to other ports , especially around the Indian Ocean Basin . For instance , Chinese warships have often docked and resupplied at Colombo in Sri Lanka , Gwadar and Karachi in Pakistan , Salalah in Oman , Aden in Yemen and the Seychelles . The Chinese are also exploring the possibility of widening their logistics options to include other ports , such as Mombasa and Lamu in Kenya , Bagamoyo in Tanzania and Walvis Bay in Namibia . Replicating their success in Djibouti by setting up more comprehensive logistics hubs in these areas will not be easy , though . Adverse security conditions in Aden and Gwadar , crowding in Karachi and political obstacles in Colombo and other ports may make it more difficult for Beijing to establish more extensive logistics nodes in the region .
Beyond the Indo-Pacific area , China has significantly ramped up its global naval forays over the past few years . Chinese fleets have visited the United States as well as European , African and Latin American countries . They have traversed the Suez and Panama canals , rounded Cape Horn and the Cape of Good Hope , and plowed through the Black , North and Bering seas . As China enhances the pace and scope of its long-endurance naval missions , reliable logistics points will become more important to sustaining its expeditions .
Underway Logistics
Even as China works to bolster its access to logistics nodes around the world , it will continue to rely heavily on underway replenishment vessels , or supply ships , to replenish its warships while at sea . Chinese warships , especially those on long voyages over the high seas , will require continuous resupply at times when they are far from shore or do not have access to a friendly and reliable resupply port in the area . The Chinese , in fact , already have considerable experience with the use of these supply vessels , which routinely accompany their naval forays .
As Stratfor explained last year , the Chinese are already investing heavily in expanding their underway logistics capabilities . This year , Beijing has launched two additional Type 903A replenishment ships and has started construction on a new type of underway replenishment vessel , the Type 901 , at Guangzhou Shipyard International 's Longxue shipyard . With its reported 45,000-ton displacement , the Chinese Type 901 could very well be the largest vessel of its kind in the world .
Relative to the global maritime reach of the United States , China is still very much in the early stages of building up its maritime logistics network . Though the Chinese navy already deploys the second-largest underway replenishment fleet in the world , Chinese warships lack the U.S. Navy 's access to a vast number of friendly ports with considerable replenishment and maintenance capabilities . These logistics points greatly enhance both U.S. peaceful and wartime operations . As the Chinese grow into their great power status and seek to protect their interests across the globe , they , too , will look to build up both their underway replenishment fleet and their logistics port network .
Exclusive : Ukip Leader Nuttall Confirms He Will Stand
Paul Nuttall has told LBC 's Iain Dale that he will stand for election this June , just months are losing a bruising by-election in Stoke .
`` I will be standing in the election , '' Nuttall told Iain , `` And we will be announcing the seat in which I stand in within the next 48 hours .
`` Of course as the leader of the party I will be leading the party into battle as I have done many times in the past . ''
Asked by Iain why he made the decision , Nuttall denied being `` unsure '' about whether to run or not .
`` I was n't really unsure , I just had to take a decision as to what the party really needed me to do .
`` I saw what happened with Nigel Farage in 2015 where he spent the majority of his time down in Thanet and I basically had to take the decision as to whether the party needed me roaming the country and geeing up the branches and appearing on the media ... it 's quite difficult to do both when you 're the leader of Ukip . ''
Nuttall said that unlike other political parties , `` we do n't have a safe seat . ''
Despite middling first quarter results , GMP Securities analyst Martin Landry is sticking to his guns on Canopy Growth Corp. ( TSX : WEED ) .
On Monday , Canopy Growth reported its Q1 , 2018 results . The company lost $ 4.44-million on revenue of $ 15.9-million , a topline bump of 127 per cent over the same period last year .
“ Our focus in the first half of calendar 2017 has been preparing our business to lead the legal recreational market that is set to open in Canada in 2018 , while continuing to be the clear leader in the ongoing medical market , ” said CEO Bruce Linton . “ Believing business to consumer e-commerce sales will form the backbone of the Canadian cannabis market in 2018 and beyond , we have taken deliberate steps this year to stress our platform and in some cases break it , all as part of a warm-up exercise .
Landry notes that the quarter met his expectations , but fell below the street consensus . The analyst says he is lowering his fiscal 2018 forecasts to reflect recent trends of lower consumption by patients , a shift towards lower-priced Tweed Farm products , and elevated SG & A investment . But the analyst is maintaining his “ Buy ” rating and one-year price target of $ 11.00 on Canopy Growth Corp , pointing out that the dominant factor of quarter was the company 's continued investment in its future .
“ As expected , Canopy 's Q1 results were somewhat muted , reflecting the transitory period for Mettrum 's facility , consolidation of retail platforms , and limited oil products available for sale , ” he says . “ The trend in rising OPEX is somewhat concerning , as it is expected to continue thus limiting our visibility as to when the company could begin to generate higher operating leverage . Despite the above , with the new extraction system in place , WEED 's sizable inventories suggest a solid runway for growth in extract sales going forward . Our target is derived from a DCF analysis assuming : ( 1 ) a discount rate of 9 % , ( 2 ) two-stage average revenue growth of 22 % and EBITDA margin of 23 % ( unchanged ) , and ( 3 ) terminal growth of 3 % . ”
Landry thinks Canopy will generate EBITDA of negative $ 7.5-million on revenue of $ 84.9-million in fiscal 2018 . He expects those numbers will improve to EBITDA of positive $ 24.5-million on a topline of $ 172.9-million the following year .
There were many heroes in the Blue Jays ' stunning win over the Texas Rangers in the American League Division Series on Wednesday night , but the team 's stars were hailed for returning to the field and celebrating with fans after the game .
Knuckeballer R.A. Dickey walked along the infield high-fiving fans in the stands at Rogers Centre before finally jumping into the crowd for a bear hug .
`` It 's awesome , it 's all I can say , '' Dickey said before jogging back toward the dugout and into the locker-room .
Classy Guys < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/BlueJays '' > @ BlueJays < /a > All came by to high 5 with us fans ... here 's < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/KPILLAR4 '' > @ KPILLAR4 < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Superman ? src=hash '' > # Superman < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/ComeTogether ? src=hash '' > # ComeTogether < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/CBCToronto '' > @ cbctoronto < /a > < a href= '' http : //t.co/u45W3Y07z8 '' > pic.twitter.com/u45W3Y07z8 < /a > — @ colettetown
The playoff game 's starting pitcher , Marcus Stroman , also came out to salute fans , as did David Price , Edwin Encarnacion , Jose Bautista and others . Some brought bottles of champagne onto the field to spray on fans .
More < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/BlueJays ? src=hash '' > # BlueJays < /a > circling field to high 5 fans ! The masked man is < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/JoeyBats19 '' > @ JoeyBats19 < /a > but < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/DAVIDprice14 '' > @ DAVIDprice14 < /a > here too < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/ComeTogether ? src=hash '' > # ComeTogether < /a > < a href= '' http : //t.co/ZwTI51WslS '' > pic.twitter.com/ZwTI51WslS < /a > — @ colettetown
Crews searching for the missing Malaysia Airlines jet launched a targeted underwater hunt on Friday for the plane 's black boxes along a stretch of remote ocean , with just days left before the devices ' batteries are expected to run out .
The Australian navy ship Ocean Shield , which is dragging a towed pinger locator from the U.S. Navy , and the British navy 's HMS Echo , which has underwater search gear on board , will converge along a 240-kilometer ( 150-mile ) track in a desolate patch of the southern Indian Ocean , said Angus Houston , the head of a joint agency coordinating the search .
The plane 's data recorders emit a ping that can be detected by the equipment on board the ships . But the battery-powered devices stop transmitting the pings for about 30 days after a crash – meaning searchers have little time left before the batteries on Flight 370 's black boxes die out . Locating the data recorders and wreckage after that is possible , but incredibly difficult .
The area the ships are searching was chosen based on hourly satellite pings the aircraft gave off after it vanished from radar March 8 on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . That information , combined with data on the estimated speed and performance of the aircraft , led them to that particular stretch of ocean , Houston said .
`` The area of the highest probability as to where the aircraft might have entered the water is the area where the underwater search will commence , '' Houston said . `` It 's on the basis of data that only arrived very recently and it 's the best data that is available . ''
Getty Image
President Trump received loads of criticism for approving a counterterrorism raid in Yemen that went terribly wrong . Dozens of non-combatants died , and the raid produced the first-known combat death under his presidency . The White House continues to insist that the mission was a success , but U.S. military officials revealed that no significant intelligence was yielded , and the raid also failed to take out the “ secret ” intended target ( an Al-Qaeda leader ) . And since Trump can not handle criticism , the incoming solution here — according to a Daily Beast report — appears to be removing him from the decision-making process altogether .
In short , the White House wants change , and that response does n't include recognizing that Trump approved the mission over dinner and with limited expertise . Rather , the strategy appears to be insulating Trump from further jabs in the case of more failed military operations . Ideally , this would also prevent Trump from being grilled over these failures , which has resulted in even more criticism , especially after some interpreted a Monday Fox & Friends segment as Trump blaming the generals . He really did blame the Obama administration , even though Trump greenlit the mission , but the Daily Beast says the White House has a plan :
The White House is considering delegating more authority to the Pentagon to greenlight anti-terrorist operations like the SEAL Team 6 raid in Yemen that cost the life of a Navy SEAL , to step up the war on the so-called Islamic State , multiple U.S. officials tell The Daily Beast . President Donald Trump has signaled that he wants his defense secretary , retired Marine Gen. Jim Mattis , to have a freer hand to launch time-sensitive missions quickly , ending what U.S. officials say could be a long approval process under President Barack Obama that critics claimed stalled some missions by hours or days . In declared war zones , U.S. commanders have the authority to make such calls , but outside such war zones , in ungoverned or unstable places like Somalia , Libya , or Yemen , it can take permissions all the way up to the Oval Office to launch a drone or a special operations team .
In other words , Trump 's team realizes that the president 's gung-ho plan to massively increase military spending by $ 54 billion annually ( which is 80 % of Russia 's entire military budget ) will result in more SNAFUs . So , they want to make sure that Trump is n't seen as the accountable party if the war against ISIS meets complications .
This desire is especially strong after a Gold Star Father refused to meet Trump because he put on a “ grand display ” in Yemen ( where a “ boots on the ground ” U.S. operation has n't happened in years ) . That 's exactly the kind of crushing blow that the White House wants to avoid , especially since it 's not every day that Trump can attempt to wave the wand with a “ presidential ” speech when a military mission goes awry . Now , Trump wo n't even have to blame the generals — since the Pentagon would shoulder the entire burden — and he can simply go back to Making America Great Again .
( Via Daily Beast & New York Times )
U.S. relations with Cuba have been thrown into question following the death of the communist country 's former leader , Fidel Castro , on Friday , and President Obama 's term expiring in January .
Continue Reading Below
In December 2014 , Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro , Fidel 's younger brother , announced plans to thaw relations between the two countries . In July of last year , the countries reopened their embassies in each other 's capital cities .
However , President-elect Donald Trump has held a different stance than his predecessor on the relationship between America and the island country . In a tweet Monday , Trump said he would “ terminate ” the agreement Obama made with Cuba if the country does n't “ make a better deal ” for both Cubans and Americans .
Commenting on the future of U.S. relations with Cuba , Cigar Aficionado 's managing editor , David Savona , said it 's time for a change , and he hopes thawing relations will continue under a President Trump .
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people , the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole , I will terminate deal . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 28 , 2016
“ Hopefully President-elect Donald Trump will get more out of it , maybe we 'll press for a little bit more in the way of U.S. business down there , more in the way of freedom which is so needed for the Cuban people because they have suffered unfairly over all these years . ”
Advertisement
Shortly after Fidel Castro 's rise to power in 1959 , U.S. relations with Cuba soured . In 1961 , diplomatic relations were severed under the Eisenhower administration , and in 1962 , President John F. Kennedy made a trade embargo with the county official .
“ The Cuban people have suffered under the Castro government , under the embargo… It needs to change and the embargo has been the way of change for more than 50 years , it 's proved ineffective , ” Savona said .
by Vijay Prozak on May 3 , 2006
The loneliest thing on earth is to watch television : things happen on the screen , and ideas change or are reinforced in our minds , and we are left with the impression that something actually happened . It did n't – outside of our minds . Thus televisions are bubble worlds , both insulating ourselves in the castle-prison of our own opinions and perceptions , and like drugs an encouragement to passivity . If the greatest events in our life happen solely within our own minds and do not necessarily involve external reality except the social factors of what other people think , there is no need to act so to secure changes in external reality . What happens out there just happens , and what happens in here we can control and makes us feel good , so focus entirely on the individual and its perceptions .
Television as a psychological conditioner is thus a wrecking ball . We have trained huge populations to watch the damn thing every night , and make the conclusion implied but not outright stated by the news or any number of “ entertainment ” programs that nevertheless tackle “ social issues ” so they can be perceived as serious/artistic . That way , if a poll ( What is your opinion ? All opinions are important ) or vote comes up , that huge population can weigh in with whatever opinion proves most popular , which necessarily has little in common with reality . Put up a choice between an easy decision that makes us feel better ( free cake , entertainment , or some emotional positive feeling ) and a hard one ( self-sacrifice , long-term thinking , culture or learning , eating our spinach ) and the population will inevitably choose the easier decision at makes them feel better right now , and if they 've been coached in advance by the talking blue screen , well , then it 's a shoo-in .
So am I saying that… an evil conspiracy controls both television and government ? No — we are both individuals , and our own rulers , and together we 're deluding each other . Much as in business we sell each other products , or tell socially-acceptable lies to make other people do what we want , or even urge our girlfriends toward oral sex with selective quotes from famous actresses , we are swindling each other . We are each both producer and parasite , and the only conspiracy is our collective ignorance and willingness to manipulate others for our own convenience . Is television the devil ? Like all things , technology enhances previously existing forces and multiplies their effect , so television is like “ peer pressure ” turned up 1,000 % and is vastly effective . It turns us into passive toads who like queens utter a “ yes ” or “ no ” and imagine it means a difference , which for the short term it appears to .
Think about it this way : businesses sell us products , but are always finding some more popular than others . In an effort to find out what will be popular , they poll us endlessly and conduct consumer opinion surveys , but these fail as often as they are successful ; when consumers are asked to compare two extant products , they do alright . When asked what they actually want , they come up with with fanciful notions and unrealistic suggestions . Business responds to the population 's will , but the population is forced to choose from what business offers… government caters to the population , but only the choices offered by government are available… media tries to follow public opinion , while showing the public what it believes to be that public opinion , regurgitated through the filter of “ art ” ( entertainment , distraction ) or profit . Which came first , the chicken or the egg ? I dunno , but in a democracy , the chicken will not vote to produce an egg .
We can see television 's effects dramatically on the internet . At first , the internet was seen as an information resource ( especially when its most profitable industry was pornography ) but rapidly it became a participative one as chat , forums , and video flooded it . Where people once sought informational resources , now they seek entertainment ; where they once could , like software developers on an email list , discuss ideas and come to a conclusion , now they re-affirm their own conclusions by shouting opinions at those who have contrary beliefs . It has become a dead-end game where nothing changes and no one does anything , except of course the content producers , who have something to sell . It is for this reason that many of us have progressively receded from the internet , as we realize that all the people boldly stating their “ opinions ” have no intention of acting on those opinions ; they 're watching TV , and want the characters on screen to yell and jump in response , and then go back to the status quo . This is why the internet has increasingly come to represent a separate culture entirely divorced from reality , with its ORLY owls and LOLs , in which people all have radicalized opinions they scream at lungtop , drowning out all digital conversation .
Since television is not only a big industry but a popular method of spending time , and to criticize it implies that those who watch it are wasting their lives on meaningless garbage , it is exceptionally hard to criticize ; unlike a strong political opinion , criticism of television and movies and Hollywood-style “ art ” ( music , paintings , dance , theatre ) is not rebuffed with violent words by a bitter snub . It is simply not acknowledged . Few want to point that what we seem to consider as “ culture ” is not only of low quality , but popular merely because it is deceptive and encourages us to consider passivity equivalent to action . It is one of those paradoxical fixtures of our landscape where we know that fast food or television or popular elections are destructive , yet “ tolerate ” them because they are popular . By thus inviting them in among us , we watch everything become consumed by them ; literature becomes television-like , paintings reflect MTV videos more than the masters , our theatre is increasingly dramatic yet without substance , and our music — well , generations raised on Britney Spears should not perplex their parents with bad behavior ( it should be expected ) . Television 's passive mentality encourages us toward “ art ” that increasingly celebrates the drama of the individual and its preferences and pleasures , with no concern for reality passing us by . We are drowning in the existential because we have confined our scope of criticism to the individual , much as if we were a nation of people on couches pressing buttons to express our opinions .
Tags : isolation , loneliness , media , propaganda
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
In the wake of the tragedy at the Boston Marathon on Monday , MLB teams showed their support for the city of Boston by playing “ Sweet Caroline ” by Neil Diamond . The song is a staple at Fenway Park and is sung by Red Sox fans before the bottom of the 8th inning . The song was played at home games by the Braves , Marlins , Reds , Cubs , Twins , Dodgers , Indians ( who were playing the Red Sox ) , and even their biggest rival , the Yankees . Here is the video of “ Sweet Caroline ” being played at the end of the 3rd inning at Yankee Stadium .
Here 's the Target Field version :
Your browser does not support iframes .
Down in Miami at Marlins Park :
Your browser does not support iframes .
All the way on the other coast at Dodger Stadium :
Your browser does not support iframes .
And at O.co Coliseum in Oakland :
Turner Field in Atlanta where the Braves went on to hit three homers in the bottom of the 8th :
The Brewers showed their support by playing another famous Boston song , the theme from “ Cheers ” . That can be heard at the 1:40 mark of this video .
Your browser does not support iframes .
You have to love the support that Boston is getting from across the country . It 's the little things like this that add up to big things . It really is “ so good , so good , so good . ”
-Bryan Mapes ( @ IAmMapes )
Advertisements
Why Use Python ?
Python 's expansive library of open source data analysis tools , web frameworks , and testing instruments make its ecosystem one of the largest out of any programming community .
Python is an accessible language for new programmers because the community provides many introductory resources . The language is also widely taught in universities and used for working with beginner-friendly devices such as the Raspberry Pi .
Python 's programming language popularity
Some programming language popularity rankings exist . While it 's possible to criticize that these guides are not exact , every ranking shows Python as a top programming language within the top ten , if not the top five of all languages .
The IEEE ranked Python as the # 1 programming language in 2018 after ranking as the # 1 language in 2017 and # 3 top programming language in 2016 . RedMonk 's June 2017 ranking , had Python at # 3 , which was up one slot from their same ranking two years earlier .
Stack Overflow 's community-created question and answer data confirms the incredible growth of the Python ecosystem and tries to determine why it 's growing so quickly with their own analysis . In the 2018 Stack Overflow developer survey the data indicated that Python was the fastest growing major programming language and that there is a close alignment between the languages and tools that developers choose to learn and the usage in developers ' professional work .
The TIOBE Index , a long-running language ranking , has Python moving up the charts to # 4 , climbing from # 8 just a couple years ago .
The PopularitY of Programming Language ( PYPL ) , based on leading indicators from Google Trends search keyword analysis , shows Python at # 2 .
GitHut , a visualization of GitHub language popularity , pegs Python at # 3 overall .
These rankings provide a rough measure for language popularity . They are not intended as a precise measurement tool to determine exactly how many developers are using a language . However , the aggregate view shows that Python remains a stable programming language with a growing ecosystem .
Why does the choice of programming language matter ?
Programming languages have unique ecosystems , cultures and philosophies built around them . You will find friction with a community and difficulty in learning if your approach to programming varies from the philosophy of the programming language you 've selected .
Python 's culture values open source software , community involvement with local , national and international events and teaching to new programmers . If those values are also important to you and/or your organization then Python may be a good fit .
The philosophy for Python is so strongly held that it 's even embedded in the language as shown when the interpreter executes `` import this '' and displays The Zen of Python .
> > > import this The Zen of Python , by Tim Peters Beautiful is better than ugly . Explicit is better than implicit . Simple is better than complex . Complex is better than complicated . Flat is better than nested . Sparse is better than dense . Readability counts . Special cases aren 't special enough to break the rules . Although practicality beats purity . Errors should never pass silently . Unless explicitly silenced . In the face of ambiguity , refuse the temptation to guess . There should be one -- and preferably only one -- obvious way to do it . Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you 're Dutch . Now is better than never . Although never is often better than * right * now . If the implementation is hard to explain , it 's a bad idea . If the implementation is easy to explain , it may be a good idea . Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let 's do more of those !
More perspectives on using Python
Programming language rankings and the philosophy behind a language provide solid initial data points for why you should learn Python . These resources also give perspectives on why people switched from other programming communities and why they advocate for Python as a primary language .
What else do you want to learn about Python ?
On its surface , Senate Bill 129 — a bill under consideration in the Georgia Legislature known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act— claims to protect religious freedom and encourage tolerance . In reality , it encourages the same discrimination that 's haunted the South for too long .
When I moved to Atlanta in 1990 , the nation was in the midst an HIV/AIDS crisis fueled by stigma and discrimination . I founded the Elton John AIDS Foundation here in Atlanta to fight the misunderstanding and prejudice at the heart of the epidemic , and to provide support and dignity to those battling the disease .
In 1992 , one of my dear friends and a founding board member of EJAF , Eli Saleeby , rushed a friend of his to Grady Memorial Hospital . His friend was suffering from full-blown AIDS . When they arrived at Grady , Eli 's friend was in excruciating pain and needed medical assistance right away . But the hospital staff was so fearful of HIV/AIDS , and the stigma surrounding the disease was so intense , that he was left alone , suffering , on a gurney in the hallway . No one would help him .
Eighteen years later , in 2010 , Eli was suffering from HIV/AIDS complications himself . He 'd fallen down in a parking lot and was rushed to Grady by ambulance . This time , things were different . He had a six-person medical team that treated him with dignity and compassion . Eli ultimately lost his battle with HIV/AIDS , but he fought bravely , and he was supported every step of the way by caring physicians .
I 'm proud of the progress we have made , particularly in the South , in treating people living with HIV equally and compassionately . But we still have a long way to go . People living with HIV are still discriminated against in Georgia , and indeed , all across the United States . The rates of HIV/AIDS among LGBT people of color and low-income people remain disproportionately high , especially in the South .
That 's why I 'm so opposed to SB 129 .
Simply put , this bill is a wolf in sheep 's clothing . It promises religious freedom , but let 's be clear : No one 's religious freedom is at risk ! Both the Georgia Constitution and U.S. Constitution very explicitly protect this right .
What SB 129 will really do is institutionalize the hate some people hold in their hearts against other people . It will turn back the clock on the progress we have made — not only in the fight against HIV , but also in the struggle for a more equal and just society .
To be clear , I firmly believe in freedom of religion . Everyone has the right to worship as they choose . But I also believe in justice , equality and the rule of law . We ca n't just let people refuse to follow a law because they do n't like it . And we ca n't just grant special exemptions that allow people to discriminate at will .
In this country , if you do n't like a law , you can work to change it . And if enough people agree with your point of view , you 'll succeed . That 's the beauty of democracy in America . And that 's why I 'm writing this essay . I hope enough people , once they realize the harmful intent behind SB 129 , will join me in fighting it .
No one should be discriminated against because of who he is , or what he looks like , or because of a disease he happens to have . My dear friend Eli fought and lived through a time of progress , and so should we . We can not afford to turn back the clock as we fight for an AIDS-free future in Georgia , across the country and around the world .
Sir Elton John is the founder of the Elton John AIDS Foundation , www.ejaf.org
Columnist
Among the growing list of reasons that a president might reject a candidate for Federal Reserve chair :
●Too hawkish on inflation .
●Too dovish on inflation .
●Too anti-regulation .
●Too pro-regulation .
●Too anti-Nazi .
Wait . What , pray tell , does Nazism have to do with U.S. monetary policy ?
Normally the answer is : not a lot . But President Trump has hardly proved himself a slave to normalcy .
For the non-Fed-watchers out there , a bit of context : The Fed chair is not only the world 's most powerful central banker ; arguably he or she is also its second-most-powerful person . That 's because the chair has enormous influence over the international economy and markets . A wrong move can destroy trillions in wealth .
Current Chair Janet L. Yellen 's leadership term ends in February , and earlier this year the White House launched a search for her successor ( assuming she 's not reappointed ; more on this later ) . The person running that search has been National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn . Not just coincidentally , Cohn also quickly emerged as the leading contender to get the job .
But Trump has now reportedly ruled Cohn out . Why ? Because of what Cohn told the Financial Times last month about neo-Nazis .
`` Citizens standing up for equality and freedom can never be equated with white supremacists , neo-Nazis and the KKK , '' he said , implicitly criticizing his boss . `` I believe this administration can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning these groups and do everything we can to heal the deep divisions that exist in our communities . ''
Again , normally , a White House adviser 's call to condemn white supremacists and salve social wounds would hardly merit a story . Cohn 's comments dominated a full news cycle .
Trump was reportedly furious about his underling 's disloyalty — or at least , his underling 's greater loyalty to the cause of anti-Nazism than to the knee-jerk defense of everything the boss does .
And so , apparently , decideth the president : no Fed chair for you .
Taking Cohn out of the running for the second-most-powerful job in the world over a too-forceful denunciation of Nazis looks pretty damning .
You know what 's almost as damning ? The fact that Trump was considering Cohn in the first place .
Cohn , former president at Goldman Sachs , is not an economist , as Fed chairs have been for the past few decades . That 's not necessarily disqualifying .
What should have been disqualifying were the many demonstrably false things he appears to believe about the economy .
Things such as : Trump 's tax cuts will get us to sustained rates of economic growth above 3 percent ( something no respectable economist believes , partly for demographic reasons ) .
Or that the unemployment rate `` is a very , very fictitious rate . It 's only that low because the participation rate has gone downward . '' ( The labor force participation rate has fallen , part of a longer-term trend , but that 's not the main reason the unemployment rate is low . )
To justify rolling back post-crisis financial regulations , Cohn has also argued that banks are afraid to lend . ( Available evidence suggests credit is cheap and pretty amply available . )
With Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer 's unexpectedly early resignation taking effect next month , Trump will get to fill a majority of the seats on the Fed 's board of governors . He has so far dragged his feet on this personnel project , nominating only one candidate for the existing three ( soon to be four ) openings . That nominee is Randal Quarles , a forceful deregulation advocate selected to serve in the Fed 's top regulatory post .
Maybe Trump has too many other things on his plate , or maybe he 's just having difficulty finding suitable candidates . The traditional Republican Fed possibilities — John Taylor , Kevin Warsh , Glenn Hubbard — are all probably far too hawkish for Trump 's taste . The self-proclaimed `` King of Debt , '' Trump has said repeatedly that he loves low interest rates , seemingly regardless of where we are in the business cycle .
In fact , Trump will be hard-pressed to find a qualified candidate more dovish than Yellen . Cohn , whose views on inflation and interest rates are less well understood , seemed to be the leading Fed contender primarily because Trump knew him .
Cohn 's removal ( for now , anyway ) from the pool of candidates boosts Yellen 's chances of reappointment quite a bit . Which would actually be a great outcome . Yellen is a brilliant economist , a skilled and consensus-building leader , and an unusually strong prognosticator . The vice chair under her predecessor Ben Bernanke , she 's part of the reason we did n't plunge into another Great Depression a decade ago .
Let 's hope Trump does the right thing , even if it might be for the wrong reasons .
Calling from a hotel room in San Francisco last week , Swedish filmmaker Fredrik Gertten marveled at the swell of bikers he 'd seen that morning while walking to a coffee shop .
“ It 's kind of amazing , '' he said . `` It almost looks like Copenhagen down at Market Street . ''
That counts as effusive praise from Gertten , the director of “ Bikes vs Cars , ” whose own favored mode of transit is quite clear . Gertten was in California for the U.S. theatrical release of his documentary , a look at the rise of the bicycle in cities around the world .
In the film , Gertten follows individuals in various cities at different points in their biking evolution . He focuses most on three places -- Los Angeles , where a comprehensive transit system gave way to massive sprawl but a bike culture is returning ; São Paulo , where car use is skyrocketing but a biker 's death has rallied activists to push for safety measures ; and Copenhagen , Denmark , where bike-friendly roads are shown as a taxi driver 's worst nightmare , but are also part of what makes the city heaven on earth for cyclists .
“ About eight bikes equal a car in space , ” Gertten told The Huffington Post . “ It 's amazing to see here now in San Francisco , with a traffic light , with 10 , 15 bikes waiting for a green light . If that had been 15 cars , that would be a very long line . ''
`` If you can make that little equation in your brain , you will start to love bicycles , even if you will never go on a bike , '' he went on . `` Even if you will be in a car for the rest of your life . ''
HuffPost talked to Gertten about what happens when millionaires ditch their cars , the latest innovations in biking infrastructure and how cyclists are pushing for big changes in cities .
Hal Bergman/Getty Images
One of the final scenes of “ Bikes vs Cars ” is of workers paving bike lanes in São Paulo in the middle of the night . What do you hope viewers leave the film with ?
For me , the closing note is a note of coexistence , that bicyclists and motorists have to share the world . We can change our cities if we want .
People who are known to be quite conservative or right-wing have supported the film , and most of them have done so because they 're also bicyclists . So if you 're on a bike you get a different power perspective . On the street there is like a power hierarchy -- if you 're in a car , you 're on the top , and if you 're a pedestrian or a bicyclist , you 're on the bottom . So even if you make a million dollars a month , on a bike , when you 're out there in traffic , you 're a David .
So it 's not about left or right . It 's not even about having money or not having money . People make the choice : I do n't want to sit in the car . It 's boring , I lose my time , I get fat , I feel unhappy , I feel trapped . On a bike I feel free , I 'm more flexible .
I do n't think all these people who are on bikes down here in San Francisco are conscious political people , you know , it 's not about that . It 's about how they want to live their lives . But what happens is , when people get harmed in traffic or even killed , if you are somebody who 's working at a law firm or if you work at a publicity company or wherever , and you ride a bike , you and your friends have [ a ] much better context to create a debate around bike safety . This is what 's happening now .
There 's a new class of people out there on bikes and they do n't take the shit , you know , and they are well-connected and they can make politics move , and this is happening now in a very speedy way . What I saw happening in São Paulo during the shoot of this film , nobody thought it could happen . I was back for the release of the film and there are thousands of bikes out there . It 's now changing the face of the city , and this comes with safe bike infrastructure .
Martin Reis/ '' Bikes vs Cars '' A bike activist protests against the removal of a bike lane in Toronto .
So São Paulo 's new bike lanes , that came as a surprise to you during filming ?
It came as a total surprise , for me and for the bike activists . I was lucky to be in a place where change happened ; I happened to catch one of the decisive moments . First was the death of this female bicyclist and then this guy who lost his arm . It became a very public story , and it became clear to so many that it was too much -- and that protest when people went to the mayor 's office , it was good timing , because that mayor had just come into power and he understood that this was something to go for . It 's not so hard for a politician to understand that bicycle infrastructure is a good thing for a city . Because if you go to Paris , if you go to London , if you go to New York -- it 's happening everywhere . So cities look at each other .
You talk about cars and bikes -- what about public transit ?
I 'm of course aware that public transit is essential , but my job as a filmmaker is sometimes also to highlight the conflict , and I thought the way of doing that is pitting bikes versus cars , because they are representing , let 's say , two extremes of city planning . The bike is kind of like a tool to make cities denser again ...
[ As ] inner cities are getting really expensive ... the people who are on bikes are the people who can afford to live in the cities . So that 's a new challenge , how to include people who have smaller resources . How can they be part of this society ? How can they have a right to be on a bike ? I think mobility overall is a human right .
A good society has good mobility for all , so if you have a society where the poorest part of the population has to spend two or three hours on transport every day , they are deprived a human right . But of course what happens in American cities is people with a lot of money are also deprived of their freedom of mobility because they 're spending so much time in traffic .
The idea of biking infrastructure and bike lanes is often seen as part of a wave of gentrification mostly happening in whiter and more affluent neighborhoods . Are there ways to make it more inclusive ?
It 's the privileged upper-middle class who 's doing this bike revolution , and they are doing it because they have a different political power than the poor people in many countries . So if you are a part of that group , if you 're more privileged and you 're part of the bicycling movement , you should think about it -- I mean , not criticizing yourself , because what you do is right , but find a way to include people .
You can imagine if you 're a poor family living in the suburbs , people are spending 25 percent of their income on a car in the U.S . It 's a lot of money . So if you could cut the car spending away and put [ it ] into school for your kids or health care or food , it would make a hell of a difference .
angermann/Flickr The `` Cycle Snake '' in Copenhagen , Denmark .
What are the most innovative things going on in city planning for biking ?
The potential for revolution is in the small details , and that 's the cool thing right now . Engaged people who love biking are talking to each other all over the world . Good ideas , good design travels in a totally new way . I think there 's also a lot of new knowledge pouring into the cities to see how they can solve things . The funny thing is that it happens in so many places at the same time , and it 's almost like a race between cities .
I think that the electric bike will be very important , because the electric bike means you can commute longer distances and is useful in places with sprawl and where winter is tougher .
In Copenhagen , they 're building more special bridges for bikes over the water . They 're working much more on more beautiful design for the bikes . It 's not only efficiency , it 's also beauty -- and I think there is a lot of symbolism in that . In my city , Malmö [ Sweden ] , they have focused a lot on very cool bike parking at train stations , with protected parking , showers and toilets .
Overall , I think the revolution also lives in the attitude where a society that respects and loves their bicyclists is also a good society , and that 's kind of a mental shift . In the beginning it 's very complicated , but the more and more people who are out there on bikes , the better it is .
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity . “ Bikes vs Cars ” opened in theaters around the U.S. last week . See the movie 's website for more information .
Kate Abbey-Lambertz covers sustainable cities , housing and inequality . Tips ? Feedback ? Send an email or follow her on Twitter .
Also on HuffPost :
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. -- It has been a costly first week of the season for the New York Giants . With the release of kicker Randy Bullock on Tuesday and starting middle linebacker Jasper Brinkley last week , they received four kickoffs and a missed extra point for what could amount to close to $ 2.5 million .
Bullock was cut one day after Josh Brown was reinstated to the active roster from his one-game suspension . Bullock signed a one-year , $ 675,000 deal earlier this summer .
As a vested veteran , he 's eligible for termination pay , and the full $ 675K salary he was due . He could collect the full amount -- and double dip -- if he lands on another roster over the final 16 weeks .
Brinkley signed a one-year deal worth $ 1.8 million with the Giants this offseason . He was guaranteed $ 1.7 million in base salary and roster bonus , and earned the other $ 100K in the form of an offseason workout bonus .
The Giants cut Brinkley last Tuesday after he lost out on the starting middle linebacker job to Kelvin Sheppard . Brinkley started nine games for the Giants last season .
To ease the financial burden , linebacker J.T . Thomas -- since placed on injured reserve with a torn left knee -- took a $ 1.375 million pay cut prior to the start of the season . So , in the end , the Giants recouped some of the lost funds .
The Giants could 've signed or claimed a younger kicker or a veteran who had exhausted the one-time termination pay option and saved over $ 600K . But they thought Bullock was their best option on Sunday afternoon against the Dallas Cowboys.The Giants had Garrett Hartley , Shayne Graham and Cody Parkey in for tryouts over the past month .
Bullock had four kickoffs ( three touchbacks ) and made 2 of 3 extra points in the 20-19 victory over the Cowboys on Sunday .
Defensive tackle Montori Hughes was re-signed Tuesday to take Bullock 's spot on the roster . Hughes was waived after final cuts when the Giants claimed defensive tackle Robert Thomas from the Carolina Panthers .
A Manitoba First Nations chief does not accept an apology from a fishing lodge owner whose visitors ' guide contained racist remarks about aboriginal people .
`` This … is not an apology for anything — it 's a list of excuses and defences , '' Chief Arlen Dumas of the Mathias Colomb Cree Nation said Thursday .
Chief Arlen Dumas of the Mathias Colomb First Nation says he does not believe an apology issued by the owners of Laurie River Lodge , in response to offensive remarks about aboriginal people in its promotional brochure , is sincere . ( CBC ) `` A sincere apology is one which acknowledges the wrongdoing , accepts responsibility for the harm that was caused , promises to never repeat the offensive action , and then offers to make amends for any harm done . ''
Dumas said he received numerous emails , phone calls and faxes from band members and other lodge owners in the province on Wednesday , all bringing to his attention remarks contained in promotional brochures for the Laurie River Lodge , which is owned by Brent and Erin Fleck , near Lynn Lake , Man .
The offending section of the 37-page brochure , aimed at people planning a trip to the lodge , is found on Page 10 and reads :
`` We take great care when hiring our staff , however the subject of native guides must be touched upon . We use Cree Indian guides from the town of Pukatawagon [ sic ] in northern Manitoba . They are wonderful people and fun to fish with however , like all native North Americans , they have a basic intolerance for alcohol . Please do not give my guides alcohol under any circumstances . ''
The guides employed at Laurie River Lodge are from Pukatawagan , which is part of the Mathias Colomb First Nation .
Dumas , who called the brochure 's content a `` racist , discriminatory incitement of hatred , '' said he received an email on Thursday from Brent Fleck . It read :
`` I wish to convey my most sincere apologizes for the wording of the section that covers alcohol to our staff members . It was written MANY , MANY years ago and should have been updated… . When I originally wrote that paragraph my intention was to ensure that there was no pressure put on our guides to consume alcohol with their guests when they were in fact responsible for the health and safety of the fishermen in their boat . After reading the paragraph in my trip planning guide I have to agree that , despite the fact that it was not intended to offend anyone , it could be taken in that context . I am in the process of removing the offending paragraph from my literature . I also would like to sincerely apologize to anyone that it may have offended . ''
But Dumas accused Fleck of not taking responsibility for the content in the brochure .
`` If you read the statements in his apology , he does n't actually apologize , '' Dumas said . `` He apologizes for how wording could have been misrepresented or misunderstood . ''
The chief said he wants a public apology from the Flecks to all Cree people , as well as individual letters of apology to indigenous individuals who work at the lodge .
As well , Dumas said the lodge must find a way to make amends to the Mathias Colomb Cree Nation .
'Do not feed the bears '
The lodge made national headlines on Wednesday after the story about the controversial brochure hit social media and the mainstream media .
`` It 's totally derogatory , totally treating us like an animal , '' said Grand Chief David Harper of Manitoba Keewatinowi Okimakanak , which represents First Nations across northern Manitoba
`` Basically , you 're saying , 'Do not feed the bears , ' right ? 'Do n't give alcohol to these First Nations . ' Nobody in their right mind would say such comments . ''
Niigaan Sinclair , an assistant professor of native studies at the University of Manitoba , said while he is happy that Fleck apologized , he is n't surprised by the original comments in the brochure .
Sinclair said he encounters stereotypes about `` drunken Indians '' all the time , even among first-year university students .
`` My surprise was the immense amount of reaction and the retraction that the owner of the lodge then did sort of saying that the program was old , and also the wide scale … public education that took place as a result — it was quite encouraging . ''
Lodge owner says he made 'stupid ' mistake
Fleck told CBC News on Thursday that the offensive paragraphs were in an old trip planning guide that he has used for 15 years .
`` Quite honestly , I had forgotten that that paragraph was even in there . And when this whole thing first came to light , I 'm like , 'Holy cow , how could I be so stupid ? ' '' he said .
Fleck called it `` stupid '' and `` a total mistake . ''
`` I 've issued an apology to the chief down in Pukatawagan and to the natives that work for me , '' he said .
`` It 's certainly not our opinion and not something that we want to forward in any way shape or form . ''
Although Fleck said it was written 15 years ago , that section of the guide was just noticed recently by someone and spread rapidly through social media . Fleck said he has since removed the guide from the lodge 's website .
He elaborated on the reason he provided to Dumas as to why it was there in the first place .
`` We run a very high repeat business here at Laurie River and many of our guides have guided the same guests for 20 years or more . Friendships are cemented with great memories of days on the water . That same friendship puts a guide in an awkward position if a guest offers him an alcoholic beverage , '' he said .
`` He is a professional and he is responsible for the health and welfare of his guests while on the water . If he accepts the drink , his ability to ensure that safety is diminished . If he does not accept it he may feel that he runs the risk of offending the guest . The best solution is to let the guest know well beforehand that he should not offer .
`` The sentence was poorly worded [ in the brochure ] and for that I feel horrible . ''
Backlash in community and online
Richard Dumas , a Mathias Colomb member living in Winnipeg , said people back home are offended by the lodge brochure , which suggests racism still exists in their own backyard .
`` Why would he put that there , then , 15 years ago ? Was it a different mentality then ? '' he said . `` Even if it was , that 's still not right to put stuff like that in . ''
He said one solution might be to have the lodge hire youth so Fleck can `` show his clients and Americans that our people are strong , working , hard-working youth .
`` Then our youth have an opportunity [ and ] he has an opportunity to make amends . ''
The wording was denounced by people posting on the lodge 's Facebook page .
`` Disgusting ... it speaks volumes of your own intolerance to basic intelligence , '' read one comment .
`` An incredible display of racism , '' read another .
Harper said the Manitoba government should look into the matter to see whether it could crack down on the lodge through licensing or some other mechanism .
`` In order for licences to be approved , this kind of comments should also be a factor , '' he said .
Deputy premier Eric Robinson , who is aboriginal and a former tourism minister , said on Wednesday that an apology was necessary , but he was also giving the lodge owners the benefit of the doubt .
`` I think it 's an oversight on their part and perhaps they did n't proofread what was written . ''
Read a statement from Chief Arlen Dumas and public comments on Laurie River Lodge 's Facebook page below .
Getting there is half the fun ? Well , we 're halfway to picking this year 's Best of Dallas 2018® Readers ' Choice winners . Are we having fun ? Sure . Now have some more and check out the list of nominees , selected by you , our readers . Make your choices and help us get to our destination — producing a guide to all the greatest places to eat , drink , shop and enjoy the best in nightlife and entertainment in Dallas . On Sept. 27 , it all comes together in our annual special issue , which locals count on for directions to the city 's hot spots and hidden gems .
Tell us what you love about Dallas , and we 'll tell everyone . We 're very blabby .
Voting ends Sept. 9 , but you do n't have to make your choices all at once . Take a look , make your selections , and if you want to finish later or change your mind , simply save your ballot and come back later . The voting ai n't over until we tally 'em up in September .
Best of Dallas® Hits Stands September 27 , 2018 .
What is JoSQL ?
Version 2.2 now available . Download Now ! Version 2.2 now available .
For example , to find all the HTML files that have been modified in December 2004 :
SELECT * FROM java.io.File WHERE name $ LIKE `` % .html '' AND toDate ( lastModified ) BETWEEN toDate ( '01-12-2004 ' ) AND toDate ( '31-12-2004 ' )
AND length > 20000
JoSQL treats each object as a `` row '' from a table/view and thus each of the accessible methods/fields from the object are therefore `` columns '' that can be accessed . JoSQL takes this one step further by allowing the full object-tree to be accessed . Taking java.io.File as an example again , it is possible to perform searches on the last modified time of the `` parent '' File , thus :
SELECT * FROM java.io.File WHERE toDate ( parentFile.lastModified ) BETWEEN toDate ( '01-12-2004 ' ) AND toDate ( '31-12-2004 ' ) AND parentFile.name = `` local '' JoSQL ( SQL for Java Objects ) provides the ability for a developer to apply a SQL statement to a collection of Java Objects . JoSQL provides the ability to search , order and group ANY Java objects and should be applied when you want to perform SQL-like queries on a collection of Java Objects.For example , to find all the HTML files that have been modified in December 2004 : Now to do this in Java code would require the creation of a custom function that will allow the comparison between 2 java.io.File objects . Does n't sound hard ? Probably not , but what if you now wanted to also compare by the length of the file as well ? That is a hard-core change that will then require recompilation and testing . However with JoSQL it 's as easy as adding : to the end of the query.JoSQL treats each object as a `` row '' from a table/view and thus each of the accessible methods/fields from the object are therefore `` columns '' that can be accessed . JoSQL takes this one step further by allowing the full object-tree to be accessed . Taking java.io.File as an example again , it is possible to perform searches on the last modified time of the `` parent '' File , thus :
Quick Start
List myObjs = getMyObjects ( ) ; Query q = new Query ( ) ; q.parse ( `` SELECT * FROM java.io.File WHERE name LIKE ' % .java ' '' ) ; QueryResults qr = q.execute ( myObjs ) ; List res = qr.getResults ( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < res.size ( ) ; i++ ) { File f = ( File ) res.get ( i ) ; } advanced example .
List myObjs = getMyObjects ( ) ; Query q = new Query ( ) ; q.parse ( `` SELECT name , length `` + `` FROM java.io.File `` + `` WHERE fileExtension ( name ) = : fileExt `` + `` ORDER BY length DESC , name `` + `` EXECUTE ON RESULTS avg ( : _allobjs , length ) avgLength '' ) ; q.setVariable ( `` fileExt '' , `` java '' ) ; QueryResults qr = q.execute ( myObjs ) ; Map saveValues = qr.getSaveValues ( ) ; Number avg = ( Number ) saveValues.get ( `` avgLength '' ) ; List res = qr.getResults ( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < res.size ( ) ; i++ ) { List r = ( List ) res.get ( i ) ; System.out.println ( `` NAME : `` + r.get ( 0 ) ) ; System.out.println ( `` LENGTH : `` + r.get ( 1 ) + `` , AVG : `` + avg ) ; } For those who do n't have time to read the manual , here 's a quick example to get you started.And a moreexample .
What JoSQL IS N'T
A common misconception about JoSQL is that it is a database tool . It 's not , it is merely a way of using SQL to perform data selection , grouping and ordering operations on Java objects . Java currently has no method of performing searching , sorting and grouping without writing far too much code .
JoSQL is designed to bridge the gap . It should not be used to replace a standard RDBMS or even a OODBMS ( such as db4o , although I wish they would support SQL queries , then I might consider using it ; ) , JoSQL has it 's place and should be an addition to your toolkit not a replacement for any particular item .
BITCOIN FINANCES REAL ESTATE PURCHASES in PANAMA
By : Steven Rich , MBA
Bitcoin finances real estate purchases in Panama have become a reality .
Bitcoin has been getting a lot of publicity over the past week regarding record breaking prices . Such as , “ Bitcoin surges above $ 5,000 to new record high ” from CNN last October 12th .
Last September , Bitcoin news items praised , “ Strong Panama Real Estate Market Only Getting Stronger ” . Source According to the Bitcoin Isle article , Panama 's real estate sector is “ booming without breaking a sweat ” . More so , real estate growth can be accelerated with Blockchain technologies .
Around the same time , Live Bitcoin News proclaimed “ That 's Why the Blockchain Can Revolutionize the Real Estate Market ” . Source This news story claimed that Blockchain technology offers real estate transactions four advantages over money : “ fraud prevention , disintermediation , smart contracts , and Money 2.0 ” . This translates into eliminating unnecessary intermediaries ( disintermediation ) , fraud prevention by avoiding forged documents because senders and receivers of funds are logged and digital certificates or property ownerships are infinitely recorded .
In addition , Money 2.0 can replace the current monetary system monopolized by central banks printing money . Money 2.0 will free the real estate markets from government monopolies and reduce real estate taxes . Smart contracts are blockchain based computer contracts which can verify , facilitate , and enforce performance of real estate contracts . Thus , fewer fees will be paid to attorneys for creating contracts .
PANAMA
Recently , Bitnewsbot revealed that a real estate finance company based in Panama will be introducing a “ Blockchain Crowdfund for Real Estate ” to finance real estate development and borrowing experiences by replacing interest rate risks with equity participation .
The negative consequences of traditional lending required homebuilders , developers , and home buyers to pay up in order to avoid foreclosures . This outdated process will be replaced by “ equity participation ” as incentives for home builders and developers to perform with “ guaranteed buybacks ” to limit a borrower 's maximum exposure as well as knowing what their maximum loss potential is . The reliance on credit scores and proof of income will be eliminated .
Blockchain technology in Panama will raise an initial $ 25 million through sales of institutionalized tokens ( PEX-Token ) for $ 1 which can be purchased using Bitcoin , WAVES cryptocurrency , or Ethereum tokens on the company 's website . Homebuyers will pay for their mortgages at current market rates using the PEX Token system . The main portions of the PEX Token will go towards building additional housing projects and financing . Over time , the PEX Tokens will become profitable assets to buy , sell , and trade .
Blockchain technology creates a perpetual funding system while increasing efficiency and transparency more than traditional banking models provide .
NewsBTC ( a Bitcoin News Service ) also praised the Panama PEX Token model in a news story it ran last September 7th . Source It claimed that the PEX Token will “ disrupt the real estate sector by simplifying the way homebuilding , home buying , and home financing can be executed ” . PEX Tokens profits will be 80 % distributed to the token holders . Buyers benefit from the PEX Token system by paying their mortgages with it and use their savings to buy more PEX Tokens . That way , buyers can share in the 80 % profits distribution to token holders .
PANAMA OFFERS LOW COST OFFSHORE BITCOIN LICENSING
The Panama Financial Services License is considered one of the best offshore Bitcoin licenses available worldwide . Source Panama has a strong banking system which does not regulate Bitcoin companies . Unlike Mexico and the United States which treat Bitcoin as a “ currency ” requiring full licensing to sell or trade .
Therefore , Panama offers Bitcoin sellers and trading companies a licensed , but unregulated offshore Bitcoin brokerage . Licensed Bitcoin brokerages are not required to provide audited financial statements or records to the government , or deal with complicated compliance regulations , and are free from the typical headaches associated with overly regulated industries .
Bitcoin companies holding a Panama Financial Services License can make the following claims on their websites :
`` Bitcoin XXX Company is a financial institution licensed by Ministerio de Comercio y Industrias – Republic of Panamá ( MICI ) in Panama as a Financial Institution . ''
It is important to note that the claim must only be that the Bitcoin company is “ licensed ” by the government and not “ regulated ” .
Also note that a Panama Financial Services License company does not engage in regulated services like :
• Banking ;
• Securities trading ;
• Broker-dealer services like managed trading or investment funds ;
• Savings & Loan ;
• Credit Union ( Co-ops ) ;
• Cash transmittal or currency exchange services ; and
• Fiduciary services like a trust company
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING RULES APPLY
Just because a Panama Bitcoin company is licensed , but not regulated or subject to government oversight , the laws of Panama regarding anti-money laundering apply to all businesses and companies in Panama .
Know Your Client and Suspicious Activities laws also apply in Panama as they do in most countries . This requires obtaining basic information regarding who your clients are along with record keeping proving you made these mandatory inquiries .
LOWER COSTS IN PANAMA
FinTech companies not using correspondent bank accounts will have less compliance requirements than traditional brokers . Bitcoin companies sending transfers across their networks outside of the traditional banking system will pay less compliance costs .
Offshore Licensed Financial Services Companies in Panama have no minimum capital requirements . This means that a licensed Bitcoin company can be formed with whatever low capital it chooses .
Finally , there are no corporate or income taxes on profits Panama companies make offshore ( outside of Panama 's borders ) . This is called a “ territorial tax system ” where corporate and income taxes are only levied on profits incurred inside Panama .
CONCLUSION
Bitcoin finances real estate purchases in Panama have become a reality .
Many Bitcoin news media predict this may become a global trend . Imagine , real estate developments , sales and purchases eliminating most of the intermediaries and reducing he risks of buyer defaults and foreclosures . In the meantime , the purchasers of the cryptocurrency tokens financing these real estate deals may receive future profits beyond their wildest dreams .
Besides revolutionizing global real estate financing , Panama provides low cost government licensing for Bitcoin companies who may operate locally and offshore ( globally ) with little government oversight and no regulations .
An extra bonus is all income earned outside of Panama by Panama companies are not subject to corporate or income taxes . However , the U.S. and some other countries tax worldwide income which require their taxpayers to declare all global income to their tax authorities .
COPYRIGHT © 2017 – Steven Rich , MBA
Photo by Kirk Scott
Grey County Concerned About Invasive Species
Grey County Council is declaring war on phragmites .
The invasive species is causing huge problems along the Lake Huron and Georgian Bay shoreline .
West Grey Mayor Kevin Eccles says now phragmites are moving inland along riversides and municipal drains .
“ What happens is the municipal drains are there to get water away and prevent flooding and increase crop production , but once you get this stuff in there all of a sudden it just becomes a choke and the drains are n't working , ” says Eccles .
Owen Sound has a real problem with phragmites in the Kelso Beach area , even though work was done two years ago to control it .
“ It 's getting to be like a jungle again , ” says Owen Sound Deputy Mayor Arlene Wright . “ You ca n't get to the shore . There was a time when you could walk right down there and you 'd see people standing along there fishing you ca n't get there now anymore . ”
Grey County councillors have asked staff to come up with a report on the extent of the phragmite problem and what can be done about it . They also want more involvement from provincial and federal officials .
Japanese technology company Softbank has been showing the world its new emotion-reading robot named Pepper . Masayoshi Son , Softbank 's CEO , stated that it will be the first robot in history to more-or-less “ have a heart ” , and emotions that go along with it . Of course , a robot heart has its limitations ; and in this case , a cloud-based artificial intelligence system is how Pepper can decipher human gestures , voices , and expressions . Softbank 's goal is to change the way people think of robots . Rather than the idea of a robot knowing your feelings scaring you , “ robots should be tender and make you smile ” , says Masayoshi Son.Softbank urges this is n't a concept robot . The company wants consumers to accept Pepper enough to buy it as soon as it goes on sale next year . Softbank , along with partners Aldebaran Robotics of France , and China 's Foxconn , have equipped Pepper with an array of sensors for understanding sight , sound , and tactual senses . There are two cameras and four microphones on its head , as well as Wi-Fi and Ethernet connections . Pepper 's 4 foot tall body weighs about 60 pounds , rolls around on wheels , and remains charged for up to 12 hours . A 10.1-inch touchscreen displayed on it 's chest synchronizes with the cloud-based database that helps it access information . Even more human is Pepper 's mobility , all thanks to over 20 motors providing movement in its head , shoulders , elbows , wrists , hands , fingers , hips , and knees . You will immediately forget that Pepper technically has no legs due to its incredible quality of movement . Voice-recognition technology makes Pepper capable of understanding human words , as well as the emotions that come with those words . Pepper can dance to music , bow in respect to someone , respond to a person 's statement , and hopefully aid in caring for the elderly one day . The little emphasis shown on doing work , as many industrial robots do , proves Pepper 's goal is to change the way we live and communicate in our daily lives . If successful , this would be a huge step towards improving the human-robotic relationship . Pepper will be on sale to the public as soon as February 2015 , at a price just shy of $ 2,000 .
CHRIS CUOMO ( CO-HOST ) : We have like three of the main things . I know we 're going to get a lot of heat . You could list eight , nine , 10 different things if you want to call them controversies , but these are main ones . So we have this first one with the money with Pam Bondi . This wound up being about timing , right ? And about the mechanism . It went through a charity that was n't supposed to give political donations , the IRS found out about it , fine them . There 's a question about disclosure there . The other question is about why he gave her the money . She said she was going to look at Trump University . Shortly after she said that , she got the money . Shortly after that , she decided not to investigate Trump University . What 's the deal ?
JEFF ZELENY : Right . I mean , so it does n't look very good . And this is one of several examples of attorney generals across the country that were on the verge of looking into something and then stopped . But The Washington Post first reported this and Donald Trump has been saying , look , I did n't talk to her . I did n't know anything about this . But this is really -- we 've heard a lot of pay for play allegations about the Clinton Foundation . This is actually an example of there was a contribution and the IRS actually fined him . So this , if we 're ranking things , there actually was an action here . Donald Trump said he was n't involved in it . Did n't know about it . But I think there 's a little bit more smoke here than on many of the other controversies that have been going on .
ALISYN CAMEROTA ( CO-HOST ) : Also because the Trump Foundation misrepresented this donation to the IRS . They said it was a completely different organization , nonpolitical , and then the IRS figured out , no , it was to Pam Bondi . When we just talked to Katrina Pierson , she said it was a clerical error and they had to pay 10 percent of the contribution as a fine for that clerical error .
ZELENY : OK , maybe it was a clerical error but again it 's more smoke here than on many of the other controversies , again , do any voters care about this ? Not necessarily . But this is one where there actually -- again The Washington Post reported this . This is one I think there actually is an issue there . It does not look good and there is a bit of a trail there .
CUOMO : By the way , Bondi is not the only one . In Texas , a state regulator says he was ordered in 2010 to drop a fraud investigation into Trump University for political reasons . You can go online and look at that .
CAMEROTA : And there was a $ 35,000 donation to now governor of Texas that may have been connected to that .
CUOMO : Donations came after the suggestion . So connecting the two may be difficult , but again it 's there .
Laura Weintraub , a former Santa Paula volunteer reserve cop and possibly the world 's most irritating human , has resigned after posting a video about running over bicyclists that was meant to be humorous .
Weintraub 's 'Cup Holder Commentary ' videos appear to be a blatant attempt to cash in on Jenna Marbles ' YouTube fame , offering satirical commentary from the passenger seat of a vehicle . But being shot in portrait when everyone in 2014 knows you should shoot in landscape is the least egregious crime in her 'Bicyclist Edition ' video .
The video goes on and on about the cyclists they pass , who , for the most part , are n't doing anything out of the ordinary . She criticizes biking for not being a real sport ( the L.A. Times reported that she 's also a personal trainer ) and asks her driver ( also known as her husband ) how much it would cost for him to hit a biker . ( A dollar ; he said it would cost one dollar . ) She makes fun of cyclists who wear spandex , then later makes fun of cyclists who do n't wear spandex . She gets mad about a cyclist who is signaling to get over , but then , in her increasingly annoying lilt , encourages a cyclist to play 'Frogger ' with traffic . The video ends with a photo of a car crashing into a group of cyclists with the caption `` Like you 've never thought about it . '' In the end , she sums up cyclists as a reason not to live in Southern California—she claims she 's going to move somewhere snowy .
Weintraub 's video ended up not being very popular , probably because lots of cyclists are killed in SoCal . Weintraub 's commentary resulted in a flood of criticism to the Santa Paula Police department 's Facebook page , and Weintraub was later placed on leave . She also issued an apology , then resigned , according to a post on the department 's page from Police Chief Steve McLean .
Her apology :
`` I would like to apologize to all those who have been offended by what was intended to be a satirical video on cyclists . The response from the cycling community has made me aware of the sport and its safety issues and challenges with drivers on the road of which I was completely unaware . ''
Volunteer officer Michael Gray , who defended the video using the department 's Facebook page , has also been placed on leave pending an investigation , and has also apologized .
Maybe it 's a little harsh to judge someone on one video . So here are three more : Here 's one where Weintraub makes a # humblebrag video while driving . Here 's one where she lists four rules of the road . The third rule is that you should drive 20 miles over the speed limit in the fast lane , and the fourth rule is that you just should n't drive a Prius . Maybe what she really hates is the environment . Here 's one in which something terrible happens : she goes to get coffee when the clerk palms the lid of her cup to ring it up , meaning she has to change the lid to avoid getting , I do n't know , probably ebola . Then she goes on about how much she loves Daniel Tosh , and suddenly , everything she thinks about humor and satire makes sense .
For mythology regarding the Greek character Sisyphus , see Sisyphus
The Myth of Sisyphus ( French : Le Mythe de Sisyphe ) is a 1942 philosophical essay by Albert Camus . The English translation by Justin O'Brien was first published in 1955 .
In the essay Camus introduces his philosophy of the absurd , man 's futile search for meaning , unity , and clarity in the face of an unintelligible world devoid of God and eternal truths or values . Does the realization of the absurd requirement suicide ? Camus answers , `` No . It requires revolt . '' He then outlines several approaches to the absurd life . The final chapter compares the absurdity of man 's life with the situation of Sisyphus , a figure of Greek mythology who was condemned to repeat forever the same meaningless task of pushing a boulder up a mountain , only to see it roll down again . The essay concludes , `` The struggle itself ... is enough to fill a man 's heart . One must imagine Sisyphus happy '' .
The work can be seen in relation to other absurdist works by Camus : the novel The Stranger ( 1942 ) , the plays The Misunderstanding ( 1942 ) and Caligula ( 1944 ) , and especially the essay The Rebel ( 1951 ) .
Summary [ edit ]
The essay is dedicated to Pascal Pia and is organized in four chapters and one appendix .
Chapter 1 : An Absurd Reasoning [ edit ]
Camus undertakes the task of answering what he considers to be the only question of philosophy that matters : Does the realization of the meaninglessness and absurdity of life necessarily require suicide ?
He begins by describing the absurd condition : we build our life on the hope for tomorrow , yet tomorrow brings us closer to death and is the ultimate enemy ; people live their lives as if they were not aware of the certainty of death . Once stripped of its common romanticism , the world is a foreign , strange and inhuman place ; true knowledge is impossible and rationality and science can not explain the world : their stories ultimately end in meaningless abstractions , in metaphors . This is the absurd condition and `` from the moment absurdity is recognized , it becomes a passion , the most harrowing of all . ''
It is not the world that is absurd , nor human thought : the absurd arises when the human need to understand meets the unreasonableness of the world , when the `` appetite for the absolute and for unity '' meets `` the impossibility of reducing this world to a rational and reasonable principle . ''
He then characterizes a number of philosophies that describe and attempt to deal with this feeling of the absurd , by Heidegger , Jaspers , Shestov , Kierkegaard , and Husserl . All of these , he claims , commit `` philosophical suicide '' by reaching conclusions that contradict the original absurd position , either by abandoning reason and turning to God , as in the case of Kierkegaard and Shestov , or by elevating reason and ultimately arriving at ubiquitous Platonic forms and an abstract god , as in the case of Husserl .
For Camus , who set out to take the absurd seriously and follow it to its final conclusions , these `` leaps '' can not convince . Taking the absurd seriously means acknowledging the contradiction between the desire of human reason and the unreasonable world . Suicide , then , also must be rejected : without man , the absurd can not exist . The contradiction must be lived ; reason and its limits must be acknowledged , without false hope . However , the absurd can never be accepted : it requires constant confrontation , constant revolt .
While the question of human freedom in the metaphysical sense loses interest to the absurd man , he gains freedom in a very concrete sense : no longer bound by hope for a better future or eternity , without a need to pursue life 's purpose or to create meaning , `` he enjoys freedom with regard to common rules '' .
To embrace the absurd implies embracing all that the unreasonable world has to offer . Without a meaning in life , there is no scale of values . `` What counts are not the best living but the most living . ''
Thus , Camus arrives at three consequences from fully acknowledging the absurd : revolt , freedom , and passion .
Chapter 2 : The Absurd Man [ edit ]
How should the absurd man live ? Clearly , no ethical rules apply , as they are all based on higher powers or on justification . `` Integrity has no need of rules . 'Everything is permitted ' is not an outburst of relief or of joy , but rather a bitter acknowledgment of a fact . ''
Camus then goes on to present examples of the absurd life . He begins with Don Juan , the serial seducer who lives the passionate life to the fullest . `` There is no noble love but that which recognizes itself to be both short-lived and exceptional . ''
The next example is the actor , who depicts ephemeral lives for ephemeral fame . `` He demonstrates to what degree appearing creates being . In those three hours he travels the whole course of the dead-end path that the man in the audience takes a lifetime to cover . ''
Camus 's third example of the absurd man is the conqueror , the warrior who forgoes all promises of eternity to affect and engage fully in human history . He chooses action over contemplation , aware of the fact that nothing can last and no victory is final .
Chapter 3 : Absurd Creation [ edit ]
Here Camus explores the absurd creator or artist . Since explanation is impossible , absurd art is restricted to a description of the myriad experiences in the world . `` If the world were clear , art would not exist . '' Absurd creation , of course , also must refrain from judging and from alluding to even the slightest shadow of hope .
He then analyzes the work of Dostoevsky in this light , especially The Diary of a Writer , The Possessed and The Brothers Karamazov . All these works start from the absurd position , and the first two explore the theme of philosophical suicide . However , both The Diary and his last novel , The Brothers Karamazov , ultimately find a path to hope and faith and thus fail as truly absurd creations .
Sisyphus by by Titian , 1549
Chapter 4 : The Myth of Sisyphus [ edit ]
In the last chapter , Camus outlines the legend of Sisyphus who defied the gods and put Death in chains so that no human needed to die . When Death was eventually liberated and it came time for Sisyphus himself to die , he concocted a deceit which let him escape from the underworld . After finally capturing Sisyphus , the gods decided that his punishment would last for all eternity . He would have to push a rock up a mountain ; upon reaching the top , the rock would roll down again , leaving Sisyphus to start over . Camus sees Sisyphus as the absurd hero who lives life to the fullest , hates death , and is condemned to a meaningless task .
Camus presents Sisyphus 's ceaseless and pointless toil as a metaphor for modern lives spent working at futile jobs in factories and offices . `` The workman of today works every day in his life at the same tasks , and this fate is no less absurd . But it is tragic only at the rare moments when it becomes conscious . ''
Camus is interested in Sisyphus ' thoughts when marching down the mountain , to start anew . After the stone falls back down the mountain Camus states that `` It is during that return , that pause , that Sisyphus interests me . A face that toils so close to stones is already stone itself ! I see that man going back down with a heavy yet measured step toward the torment of which he will never know the end . '' This is the truly tragic moment , when the hero becomes conscious of his wretched condition . He does not have hope , but `` there is no fate that can not be surmounted by scorn . '' Acknowledging the truth will conquer it ; Sisyphus , just like the absurd man , keeps pushing . Camus claims that when Sisyphus acknowledges the futility of his task and the certainty of his fate , he is freed to realize the absurdity of his situation and to reach a state of contented acceptance . With a nod to the similarly cursed Greek hero Oedipus , Camus concludes that `` all is well , '' indeed , that `` one must imagine Sisyphus happy . ''
Appendix [ edit ]
The essay contains an appendix titled `` Hope and the Absurd in the work of Franz Kafka '' . While Camus acknowledges that Kafka 's work represents an exquisite description of the absurd condition , he maintains that Kafka fails as an absurd writer because his work retains a glimmer of hope .
See also [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
“ The Islanders need to go back to Long Island , ” Rodgers said . “ I 'd rather be in the Coliseum wearing a hard hat than here with an obstructed view . ”
There have been obstructed views before at New York hockey games . Fans sitting along the side of the upper deck at the old Madison Square Garden often could not see the quarter of the ice closest to them , though they could see the goals . Pillars in Nassau Coliseum blocked some views , yet most of those were mere visual nuisances .
A pregame ceremony at Barclays Center , a celebration of the team 's Long Island history , was enough to charm even some of the fans near the rafters . The most cynical among them had to admit that this was a more convenient new home for the Islanders than Kansas City , one potential location the owner Charles Wang had flirted with .
“ It 's a bit disappointing , but it 's good to be here , ” said Dave Barbieri of Garden City . “ People just have got to suck it up . ”
Some fans predicted that the Islanders would be back on Long Island within five years after attendance had faded in Brooklyn and the Coliseum site had been revamped . Others blamed their basketball-friendly sightlines on Jay-Z . There were also suggestions for how to fix the arena , starting with the removal of a banner , advertising a sports fantasy website , that blocked the view of many rows .
“ I 'm no architect , but they could take out five rows on one end , shift the ice , ” said Patrick Drexler of Brooklyn . “ They really botched this . It 's not O.K . But in the end , it 's about the product that 's on the ice . ”
The league did the Islanders no favors in scheduling them against the Blackhawks , the Stanley Cup champions , who were coming off a tough opening loss to the Rangers and looking for a quick rebound .
British actor to play both Ronnie and Reggie in new film about the East End gangsters by LA Confidential screenwriter
The Hollywood star Tom Hardy has confirmed he will play both Kray twins in a new film about the East End gangsters.The 36-year-old British actor said on Friday he was definitely on board with the project , which will be called Legend .
The Inception and Batman star will take on the task of playing both Ronnie and Reggie Kray and says it is a challenge he relishes .
`` It 's another experiment and I 'm really looking forward to it , '' he said .
The film will be written and directed by LA Confidential screenwriter Brian Helgeland . It is expected to shoot in the UK later this year . A biopic on the twins , who were finally arrested in May 1968 , and both convicted and jailed the following year , was made in 1990 and starred Gary and Martin Kemp of Spandau Ballet as the gangsters .
Hardy , who visited Birmingham this week to attend the premiere of his new film Locke , sees similarities between the two projects . `` We certainly did n't put any pressure on ourselves with Locke and think 'this has got to be the greatest thing ' and it 's done really well . Like most things , it is a case of taking on a challenge , not beating yourself up about it too much , enjoying it and seeing what happens . ''
published Mar 2014 - 37,680 views
Presented by The North Face & Eira . Join skiers Rob Heule , Mack Jones and Jay Heule as they set out on a 40 day cross-Canada RV trip with one goal : to explore their home country while hitting as many street spots as possible along the way . As the eyes of the skiing world were on the Winter Olympics , the boys were out adventuring with the aim of showing that with a little creativity , fun can be had on skis just about anywhere . With an all-Canadian soundtrack , crew , and itinerary , watch as they venture from the shores of Pacific Ocean all the way to the Atlantic .
Credit : Graeme Meiklejohn & Rob Heule
Skier : Mack Jones Rob Heule Jay Heule Cole Drexler
Location : CANADA
Playtime : 00:18:11
Part 1
so O.K . i dont have like a fancy picture taking program that most of you use for the lets plays so i used my camera insteadright welcome to my halflife2 playthrough.i play on easymode because i 'm pro so i can skip the trainingso the first halfhour of the game takes place on an electric subway trainhaha wow this is taking a long time for it to get to the place it is going to.um yea i guess this is the science labratorysorry i accidently turned on my flash for this picture.i guess I have to resonsance a cascadewhoa what the hell check it outi guess these are the combine ive heard so much aboutthis is a floodcool I got my first gun : the crowbari see a soldier shooting a zombiei decide to kill him and take his gun . sorry bro but its everyman for himself hahaa get it because his name is freeMANsHIT A HEADCRAB ZOMBIE [ b ] AAHHHHhhhh [ b/ ] i get to a healing station and decide to take a break because it 's too scary to play this late at night .
NEW YORK -- Deron Williams interrupted a vacation in Anguilla , showed up Thursday in a sharp gray suit and hung off to the side of the lobby at Barclays Center , listening to his good friend Jason Kidd 's first press conference as head coach of the Brooklyn Nets . Now let 's see if Williams shows up more for Kidd than he did for the last two head coaches the Nets have had in the last six months . Because what Kidd needs Williams to do now is to be the `` Second Coming '' of Jason Kidd and turn the Nets into NBA finals contenders , much like Kidd did on his arrival as a player in 2001 .
Kidd -- a first-ballot Hall of Famer who retired from the Knicks just 11 days ago after 19 NBA seasons -- was a far better player at his absolute peak than Williams has been so far . But Williams was a better player in Utah than he 's been for the Nets . When Williams spoke to reporters Thursday , there he was , pining yet again for those salad days of his , as if he had nothing to do with not recapturing them . Asked about Kidd 's plans to run a more up-tempo offense , Williams said , `` I definitely like to get out and run . That 's what we did in Utah . ''
Can D-Will be the Second Coming of Jason Kidd ? Steven Freeman/NBAE/Getty Images
The Nets ' new head coach had to be someone Williams , their $ 98.7 million point guard , could get enthused about , if only because the gap between what Williams could be for the Nets and the player he actually has been did n't come close under Avery Johnson , whose offense he did n't like . He was marginally more dynamic for interim coach P.J . Carlesimo , who did n't come into the job with anything close to the footing Kidd does .
Williams pinpointed other flaws in the Nets after their grating Game 7 loss in the first playoff round against the Chicago Bulls , who played without Kirk Hinrich ( except for Game 1 ) and Luol Deng , and never considered asking Derrick Rose to shake off a year of rust . And still the Nets got spanked .
`` After we won Game 6 [ in Chicago ] we felt like this was our series , '' Williams admitted then . `` We talked about the word inconsistency all year ... [ and ] toughness , mental breakdowns . We just tend to have stretches , whether it be a quarter or two quarters , where it seems like the wheels fall off all at once and we ca n't get it back ... You ca n't do that if you want to be an elite team . ''
The Nets did n't come close to being an elite team last season . But they could have won more than the 49 games they did . Their intensity was constantly in question ; during their playoff series , a Bulls beat reporter actually said the Bulls were privately saying the Nets were `` gutless '' and heartless . '' Joakim Noah even guaranteed the undermanned Bulls would win Game 7 on the Nets ' home court . And when they did , Nets forward Gerald Wallace was even more critical than Williams , bitterly conceding that Chicago `` came out with a sense of urgency . And we did n't . ''
How does that happen ? How does Williams let it happen ?
`` Yeah , you could say we underachieved last season , '' Williams said Thursday . `` It was a learning experience ... [ A lack of toughness ] is something that definitely hurt us in the playoffs . ''
Not good enough .
Match Events for Blood Bowl : My Dugout
“ Welcome back to the stadium , sports fans . I 'm Jim Johnson… ”
“ …and he 's Bob Bifford . ”
“ No , Bob . You are . ”
“ I doubt it , Jim . Anyway , we 're here to tell you about a new feature in ‘ Blood Bowl : My Dugout ' , the essential companion to the Game of Fantasy Football . And that new feature is… Match Events ! ”
“ That 's right , Bob . These are new , app-exclusive , optional rules for your games of Blood Bowl that bring some of the zany world we know and love to life . ”
“ They let you add a random element to your games . From deflated balls to magical mists , and from sprinkler malfunctions to streakers on the pitch , anything can happen ! ”
“ Just turn on Match Events in the app , and something could trigger on any turn… There are 24 Match Events available in the app now , with more to come in future . ”
“ I can think of one that should be added , Jim . An experienced commentator returns to the field to seek glory in one last game… ”
“ Quiet you , we 're talking about things people actually want . Enhance your game with Match Events , ONLY in ‘ Blood Bowl : My Dugout ' . Purchase the Match Events DLC in the app now and experience them for yourself . ”
“ And can coach who 're not using the app yet download it from the App Store and Google Play , Jim ? ”
“ You know very well that they can , Bob . ”
Pick up your copy of Blood Bowl here :
Wood Group Will Soon Be Working On Statoil Offshore Grane Platform
Wood Group Win $ 400 Million Statoil Work Creating 250 Jobs
506 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Linkedin
Wood Group have won Statoil work worth US $ 400 million , creating 250 jobs , according to the global oil and gas services giant .
The UK based firm announced the news Wednesday ( 16th ) , the day after Statoil put out a press release detailing its contract awards worth around US $ 2.8 billion ( NOK24 bn ) . All contracts are for Statoil 's facilities located on the Norwegian Continental Shelf .
Offshore Work
The contract will see Wood Group supply both maintenance and modification services to four Statoil offshore platforms , the Snorre A & B ; Grane and Visund .
The work will be carried out through the company 's Wood Group Mustang arm and will last for an initial six years . An additional four year optional extension has been written into the contract .
Wood Group Mustang has also been awarded a further completion agreement . The deal allows the group to submit tenders for smaller Statoil projects over a duration of 10 years .
The move is inline with Statoil 's aim to streamline its contract tendering process in order to achieve better value .
Both contracts start in the first quarter of 2016 and are expected to create around 250 Wood Group jobs .
Commenting on the contract award , President of Wood Group Mustang , Otto Søberg , said : “ This is a breakthrough for Wood Group on the Norwegian Continental Shelf and we look forward to building on our existing relationship with Statoil . ”
“ The work secured will call for a considerable build-up of the offices in Bergen and Stavanger and we will undergo a recruitment campaign to enhance our key talent and bring the best expertise to the projects . ”
Tech manufacturer Acer are one or the firms that Microsoft has partnered with to create its new line of virtual reality head-mounted displays ( HMDs ) for its Windows 10 operating system . Acer is one of the first to have a prototype of their headset ready for testing .
Microsoft claims that one of the top reasons for returns of VR headsets to Microsoft Stores is due to the complexity of the set up , multiple cameras , trackers and wires can be a bit of a muddle for some users . CNet managed to get hands-on with one of the early versions of the Acer device and noted that , in comparison , it is designed to be simply plug-and-play . The HMDs are designed to work with the new Creators Update which has recently been rolled out to Windows 10 devices and will use the Microsoft app store to purchase and download , though will mean that Oculus Rift and HTC Vive apps will not be compatible .
The Acer device uses inside-out tracking for six degrees of freedom , which means no extra boxes or trackers are necessary , all the required hardware is contained within the headset . A standard controller is currently needed to control things such as movement and selection , with no word yet on if the devices will support any form of motion controller . Curiously , Microsoft are referring to the new range of headsets as mixed reality ( MR ) and not VR , which in theory means that apps designed to work with the more expensive HoloLens should also work with this range of devices , though how the reality mixing would work has not yet been explained .
The early development kit has some problems however ; ambient light can affect how the tracking works and cause the screen to black out . It is expected that they will be ironed out before the expected release for Christmas 2017 . The Acer HMD is expected to be priced at around $ 300 ( USD ) , cheaper than the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift . Similar devices from Lenovo and HP are expected to be released commercially at around the same time .
VRFocus will bring you further information on the Acer HMD and other VR hardware when it becomes available .
Philadelphia is enjoying the longest period of economic expansion in the last 50 years , adding 55,100 jobs since 2010 and showing positive growth in all but one year since 2005 . In 2016 , Philadelphia added a record 13,600 jobs ; in 2017 , the city added another 10,700 jobs . Growth has been driven entirely by private-sector gains , with public sector employment continuing a 25-year trend of contraction . By local standards , this is very good news . By national , urban standards , things should be significantly better .
Center City is the largest place of employment in the city and region , holding 42 % of Philadelphia 's jobs with 298,612 wages and salaried positions and another 9,000 self-employed individuals , freelancers and those compensated as partners . Other growth areas include University City , with 11 % of city jobs , and the fast growing Navy Yard , with 1 % of the city 's jobs . Since 2005 , the balance of Philadelphia has continued to lose jobs at
the rate of 0.4 % per year .
Diversification is the defining strength of the downtown economy . Professional , business and financial services , real estate and information — prime office-using industries — account for 40 % of downtown jobs , occupying 41.2 million square feet of space . Education and health services , the largest sector citywide , is the second largest downtown with jobs provided by 15 colleges and universities and five hospitals , accounting for 20 % of Center City employment . Entertainment , leisure , hospitality and retail provide 16 % of downtown jobs in 243 arts and cultural institutions , 11,675 hotel rooms , 992 retail premises and 453 full-service restaurants . Federal , state and
local government employment provides 12 % of Center City jobs .
While private sector growth was particularly strong in 2016 and 2017 , with the city 's rate surpassing that of the region and nearly catching up with the nation as a whole , Philadelphia has not kept pace with the rate of employment growth in America 's 26 largest cities , with size determined by the number of jobs .
It 's no secret that AI is getting smarter every day , and Ray Kurzweil – renowned futurist , inventor and all-round AI-guy – has predicted machines will reach human-level intelligence by 2029 .
What happens next is something Kurzweil calls ‘ The Singularity ' – a moment when AI gets smart enough to improve itself , resulting in an explosion of technological improvement .
In November , we got one step closer , with news that AI is learning to predict the future .
But before you get too excited , we had better qualify what we mean by ‘ future ' . We are n't talking years , hours or even minutes here , people . We are talking seconds .
As mere humans , we are actually pretty damn good at predicting the future . Daily life is full of little predictions that we rarely think about . When you cross the road , you accurately predict when to walk , and when you hear the doorbell , you know someone is at the door .
It sounds easy , but for AI this is actually a major technological challenge . Our knowledge of the world – its rules , its patterns and cycles – is so deeply ingrained that we do n't consider it . AI , on the other hand , must learn all these things to see the big picture .
In short , computers lack common sense .
But a team at MIT have created AI which , when given a still image , can generate a tiny video of what will happen next . For example , if you show it a still image of a beach , then it might animate it , GIF-style , to show waves lapping onto the shore .
According to New Scientist , the team created this AI by showing it 2 million videos on image-sharing site Flickr . The machine ‘ watched ' them all and then was shown still images that it had to animate .
In order to up the ante , the team used an approach called ‘ adversarial networks ' . The idea here is that you can get better results through competition . Two networks were setup , one to generate the videos and one to judge if they looked real or not . By trying to fool each other , the networks had to create videos of increasing accuracy . Pretty neat , huh ?
For now , the videos are pretty low res and short – around 32 frames and just over a second – but it 's still early days .
The application of these predictions will be robots that better understand the world and thus can better serve us .
“ Any robot that operates in our world needs to have some basic ability to predict the future , ” Carl Vondrick , a member of the creation team , told New Scientist .
“ For example , if you 're about to sit down , you do n't want a robot to pull the chair out from underneath you . ”
Yet pull the chair they still may .
It is n't surprising that these AI improvements come with a healthy dose of fear and paranoia .
Nick Bostrom , a professor at Oxford and director of Future of Humanity Institute , recently spoke about the “ Midas Effect ” – wanting AI as smart as humans while ignoring the potential dangers .
Bostrom is less optimistic than Kurzweil , who is a kind of technological evangelist . Bostrom predicts that AI will reach human intelligence by 2050 and he and other experts give it a 50/50 chance of either allowing us to colonise the universe or making us extinct .
Bostrom is n't alone in his concern either – PayPal and SpaceX tech-guru Elon Musk has also expressed some fear regarding AI .
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom . We need to be super careful with AI . Potentially more dangerous than nukes . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) August 3 , 2014
To illustrate the dangers , Bostrom came up with a pretty nifty thought experiment back in 2003 .
He asks you to imagine a paperclip maximise : an AI system with the goal of maximising the number of paperclips in its collection .
It starts off humbly , collecting paperclips and earning money to buy more . However , soon it improves itself , passes through The Singularity , and starts optimising itself in ways we ca n't fathom . Pretty soon it 's using all the atoms in the solar system ( including the ones in our bodies ) to make paperclips .
Congrats humans , your AI just turned the whole universe into paperclips .
Of course , it does n't have to be paperclips – it could be anything – but the thought experiment shows that AI may be a powerful optimiser that does n't necessarily share our ethics or values .
Now you may say , “ No worries , we can just program it to think like us ” , but that is n't the premise of The Singularity . If or when that happens , AI will be improving itself , and at that point predicting the future wo n't be so easy .
Even for us .
I 've started up an Urban Shadows game , which for those of you who do n't know , is an Urban Fantasy/Horror game based on Apocalypse World , and so far we have a pretty solid city created . Our game is taking place in Phoenix , AZ and in the Dresden Files universe . The group consists of…
Steven Saxton- an Immortal who is trying to make the city a better place
Joanna Markus- a Hunter who is trying to take down the Red Court Vampires who were responsible for attacking her brother
Mel Moonpaw- a local Wolf who is trying to keep the people of the slums , which we are calling the Wastes , safe from the vampires and dragon that live nearby
Jack- a Tainted soul who has been working for Murmur ( demon ) for hundreds of years . Ever hear of Jamestown ? No ? Jack is the reason for that .
Victor Romaro – a White Court Vamp who 's father is one of the biggest Mexican drug lords currently . He 's trying to redeem himself and take down his family
The story is going to take place in a fictional Phoenix , AZ ( as in we 're not using anything from the real city since we know nothing about it ) . There are some Native American burial grounds nearby that are currently marked to be ripped up by a development company run by a dragon named Kur . The Red Court of vampires have a pretty big power base in Phoenix since they can afford to pay tribute to Kur . We have a few NPCs written up and a couple of locations of importance . We spent the whole session on creation and did n't get to any actual play , but if you 'd like to see what we came up with CHECK THIS OUT . That leads to the Google Doc Folder where we are keeping all our notes . I 'll let you guys know what happens per each session . We 're not playing until next Wednesday 10/22 , so I 'll update sometime after that .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Posted 6 years ago on May 10 , 2012 , 10:38 p.m. EST by OccupyWallSt
via ChicagoSpring.org
On May 19 , Mayor 1 % Emanuel will bring to Chicago military and civilian representatives of the 28-nation US-commanded and largely US-financed North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) and heads of state and finance ministers of the G-8 world economic powers .
They meet on behalf of the 1 % of the world , the rich and the powerful , the bankers and generals . Their agenda is to continue to impose austerity , or poverty , by cutting social spending for workers and the poor to maintain profitability for the rich and to launch more wars to stop the rise of the poor nations of the Third World .
The people of this fine city do not want these summits . The mayor has his own agenda . In anticipation of widespread opposition to the war & poverty agenda of the NATOG8 , Mayor Emanuel passed a set of first-amendment crushing ordinances , known as `` Sit Down Shut Up '' , to stifle the exercise of free speech and assembly during the summits . The mayor single-handedly gave himself the abililty to issue no-bid security contracts and deputize out-of-town law enforcement while imposing harsh restrictions on parades , marches and demonstrations .
But we will not be silenced . We will stand up to this corrupt system and say enough ! Join Occupy Chicago , Coalition Against NATO/G8 ( CANG8 ) , the Midwest Antiwar Mobilization and many more as we gather in Chicago in May !
The Coalition Against NATO/G8 is a broad formation that includes labor unions , community groups , anti-war and international solidarity groups and faith based activists . From the CANG8 website :
Protest the NATO/G8 Summit on Saturday , May 19th , 2012 !
Noon rally at Daley Plaza , then march to McCormick Place !
Join in a legal , permitted , family-friendly march and rally that will end within sight and sound of the summit at McCormick Place !
At the invitation of the White House , military and civilian representatives of the 28-nation US-commanded and largely US-financed North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) and heads of state and finance ministers of the G-8 world economic powers are meeting in Chicago , May 19-21 , 2012 . To that we say…
No to War and Austerity !
Money out of politics ! Represent for the people , not the money !
No to NATO/G-8 Warmakers !
Jobs , Healthcare , Education , Pensions , Housing & the Environment , Not War !
Download the `` Chicago Principles ''
For parade maps and other information , please visit :
http : //cang8.wordpress.com
May 12-13 : Peoples Summit
May 14 : Money for Education not War
May 15 : Immigration : No Human is Illegal
May 16 : Foreclosure : Housing is a Right : No Evictions , No Foreclosures !
May 17 : Environment : Planet over Profits !
May 18 : Austerity/NNU March for the Robin Hood Tax
May 19 : Health Care
May 21 : Democracy - Shut Down Boeing !
For full schedule , see below . For more : NATOprotest.org | ChicagoSpring.org | OccupyChi.org
May 12-13
People 's Summit
Occupy Chicago is working with other occupations and various activist groups to develop a coalition-built People 's Summit for the weekend of May 12th and 13th , as a direct response to the NATO summit the subsequent weekend , May 19th-21st . JOIN US !
For more , see here .
May 14
Money for Education not War
Rally and Art Celebration
When and Where : 3pm at Dyett High School ( 555 East 51st Street ) Chicago , IL
Defend Dyett High School ! For over a year students have been deprived of an arts program . Now CPS wants to close the school . Stop CPS from starving our schools : All student deserve Art , world language and support staff . According to Chief Operating Officer Tim Cawley : `` If we think there 's a chance that a building is going to be a school , we 're not going to invest in that building . ”
RSVP on Facebook
May 15
Immigration : No Human is Illegal
Vigil for Immigrant Rights and Family Unity
When and Where : 11am at Immigration Court Building 525 W. Van Buren
We denounce the unjust and inhumane decisions that immigration judges are making towards the lives of our immigrant communities . They have failed to follow prosecutorial discretion and consequently are destroying thousands of families every single day .
Denunciamos las injustas e inhumanas que los jueces de inmigración hacen en contra de nuestras familias inmigrantes .
Join us for a morning vigil in front of the immigration court building . Acompáñenos a una vigilia enfrente de las cortes de inmigración .
RSVP on Facebook
May 16
Foreclosure : Housing is a Right : No Evictions , No Foreclosures !
Action to Demand a One-year Moratorium on Foreclosures and Evictions !
When and Where : 10am : Rally at Jackson and LaSalle
Communities United Against Foreclosure and Eviction and Occupy Chicago demand that Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart STOP all profit-oriented evictions and foreclosures from May 16 , 2012 to May 16 , 2013 .
We are moved to this action because of the intolerable losses suffered by our communities , friends , and families that we have witnessed : losses to businesses , to community life , and to family life ; disruptions to the educational and social life of our children ; and heightened neighborhood crime and insecurity .
Because the “ housing crisis ” was generated by banks flagrantly violating all standards of responsible banking , this national disaster is more accurately called a “ banking crisis , ” and through this moratorium , we are requesting that you stand with us to protect our ravaged communities from the many predations we have suffered .
This moratorium will place the human right to housing above the `` right '' of banks to make a profit off of empty homes . If Sheriff Dart does not grant the moratorium , the People will enforce one themselves !
RSVP on Facebook
May 17
Environment : Planet over Profits !
Occupy Chicago 's Day of Environmental Action : Planet over Profits and War !
When and Where : The Bike Mass will be gathering at Jackson and LaSalle at 2pm . The action will take place at 3pm at the Canadian Consulate ( 180 N. Stetson Ave )
On May 17th , join Occupy Chicago 's Day of Environment action ! Stand with us to fight for the Planet over Profit and War ! We will GET DIRTY and DIE at the Canadian Consulate to symbolize how the dirty oil extraction of the Alberta Tar Sands is sending life on this planet to an early grave , fueling G8/NATO 's war machines and the global climate crises .
The extraction of heavy and thick crude oil from the tar sands deposits in northern Alberta , Canada - the site of the largest industrial project on the planet - requires the complete destruction of boreal forest the size of England . This ecosystem is an essential storehouse of carbon , and its preservation is critical in protecting our planet from climate change , especially since annual tar sands emissions are expected to quadruple from 27 to 126 million tonnes by 2015 . Visible from space , the toxic ponds along the Athabasca River seep contaminants into groundwater and the surrounding soil . This has already begun to threaten the lives of local indigenous communities . `` The river used to be blue . Now it 's brown . Nobody can fish or drink from it . The air is bad . This has all happened so fast , '' said Elsie Fabian , an elder in a First Nation community along the Athabasca River .
Canada is also a member nation of both the G8 and NATO . The anti-planet , for-profit , oil-driven policy of the Tar Sands reflects the larger imperial goals of these bankrupt , undemocratic and imperialistic groups that wo n't stop their capitalist exploitation of the environment until our planet - and our future - is in ruins like the Althabasca river . On May 17th , let 's MAKE them stop . Planet over Profit and War ! GET DIRTY !
RSVP on Facebook
May 18
Austerity/NNU March for the Robin Hood Tax
The People 's G-8 : National Nurses United March & Rally
When and Where : 12 p.m . Noon at Daley Plaza
We must send a message to our world leaders : No more cuts to our communities . Make Wall Street and the banks pay for global recovery .
No Cuts !
No Austerity !
Tax on Wall Street !
Join National Nurses United as we protest the global one percent and demand a tax on Wall Street .
The rally will feature Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine .
11 a.m. March - Starts at Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers
12 p.m . Noon Rally - Daley Plaza
Promo Video
May 19
Health Care
YOU 'LL NEVER GUESS When and Where : BIG NEWS COMING SOON
Occupy Chicago Day of Action
May 21
Democracy
Boeing : SHUT IT DOWN
When and Where : TBA
Boeing has received over $ 12,231,152,299 from the US Department of Defense to produce war machines , which are used to terrorize civilians and communities the world over . These tools of destruction are produced using prison labor , allowing Boeing to make weaponized products for pennies on the dollar . When using non-prison labor Boeing goes out of it 's way to bust unions , even moving factories across the country to stifle worker 's rights . Boeing production facilities are continually found to be massive polluters , leading to the company being listed as one of the top 50 corporate criminals responsible for environmental destruction .
In 2001 , Boeing moved its headquarters to Chicago in a plan that stole over $ 60 million and 20 years worth of free rent from Illinois taxpayers . In 2010 Boeing made over $ 4.5 billion , yet in the past three years they have managed to avoid paying taxes . In 2010 they received a federal tax subsidy of $ 1.56 billion . This cost the State of Illinois $ 65 million in revenue . This money could have been used to serve an additional 16,000 Medicaid clients , provide Medicare Part B coverage to 13,000 seniors , provide 36 million meals to the hungry , or create 1,625 living wage jobs for the unemployed . Instead this money was given to Boeing in the form of corporate welfare by our elected officials .
Boeing is a war criminal and plays a huge role in NATO 's war machine . Occupy Chicago will SHUT IT DOWN on May 21 , 2012 . We 've had enough of their war planes , pollution , prison labor , union busting , border wall building , extraordinary rendition plane chartering , drone building , non-tax-paying exploitation of the people of Chicago and the people of the world . This May Chicagoans along with concerned citizens from all over the world will tell Boeing we 've had enough .
Join us in the streets in Chicago on the last day of the NATO summit to SHUT DOWN this war machine !
RSVP on Facebook
According to a recent report , officials from Bristol Motor Speedway have told Sports Radio WNML that they expect to host College Gameday for the Tennessee vs. Virginia Tech game at the Battle at Bristol .
College GameDay last visited the Hokies for their opener against then ranked # 1 Ohio State in 2015 . Virginia Tech ended up losing the affair 42-24 , but sold out Lane Stadium for the colossal event .
However , no event may be more colossal than the Battle at Bristol . In fact , the proposed 160,000 + fans in attendance is the most in college football history . Headlines are beginning to take shape as jabs from both teams and celebrity promotions are making the event bigger than reality . Even the TV screen hoisted above the playing field is the largest in history .
This news only sparks more attention to a special event , which is just over two months away . There has been a lot of news circulating the Battle at Bristol as Bristol Motor Speedway unveiled a star-filled concert for the event , and ABC announced the prime-time kickoff time for the game on September 10th .
This game , and the events surrounding it , are continuing to set up the Battle at Bristol for one of the most memorable college football games in history .
Russel Brand 's interview with Ed Miliband on YouTube channel ‘ The Trews ' has now had 1.2 million views six days after it was released . I wrote about Brand 's intention to disrupt traditional news and the challenge for public service broadcasters in particular to innovate with news forms that are ‘ of the internet ' not ‘ of tv ' . The BBC 's key weapon for the internet is the iPlayer – the iPlayer does little more than play out TV and Radio shows as they were broadcast other than allowing very limited access to archive material . If Brands interview was on the iPLayer it would disappear in a week or two as the BBC rotates material off .
The BBC is relatively open in an old school way about the iPlayer 's performance , publishing data that suits it a long way short of 5 * open data ( Tim Berners-Lee would not approve i think ) – the table below is from the March 2015 performance report . This shows that Brand 's interview would already be in the top five and , within a month is likely to be in the top three . Brand is able to access this audience with a free YouTube channel , leveraging Google 's multi-billion investment , some wonky kit and a crazed ego . Several other videos on his channel that have n't had the same mainstream media attention as Miliband have similar or more audience figures .
It is arguable that a more valid comparison would be the BBC news website figures – how well would a video perform there ? The web domain receives tens of millions of views a day . But Brand is making something akin to a programme and playing out the video , iPlayer-like . Also the BBC is n't as keen to share detailed regular performance figures about its website as it is with the iPlayer monthly performance packs ( at least as far as i can find out – can someone point me to something similar ? ) .
This is the first time I have looked at the iPlayer performance pack – the data suggests that the iPlayer is a mature product now with use plateauing . This must be a strategic concern for the BBC as they approach charter review apparently without any other big ideas – I discount the DG 's speech about MyBBC as something they should have done five years ago , based on a false premise ( that people want to spend this much time in the BBC digital space ) and looks thin now :
‘ We 'll give you personalised recommendations on the iPlayer and homepage . We 'll recommend news and sports stories just for you . We 'll give you your own BBC app , which will remember all your favourite programmes , artists , music , interests , DJs and sports teams . All in one place….This is the start of a real transformation – the myBBC revolution . How to reinvent public service broadcasting through data . But we 'll always be doing it our way – not telling you what customers like you bought , but what citizens like you would love to watch and need to know . '
BBC iPlayer Top 20 TV episodes ( all ) , Total requests per ep .
Victorion makes her giant presence felt in her `` Transformers '' comic-book debut next month . ( Photo11 : IDW )
The Transformers universe is about to get an influx of girl power and a giant new personality .
Six female robots that team up to form the massive Combiner character Victorion debut next month in IDW 's Transformers : Combiner Hunters comic book , and they 're a motley crew made tighter by surviving pretty much the worst environment possible .
Not that writer Mairghread Scott is breaking out the welcome mat to greet them as they 're introduced into the mythology .
`` I do n't like to give my characters a lot of breathing room , so Victorion comes into existence about a half-second before a sword flies at her head , '' she says .
`` Naturally , her first concern when it comes to other Transformers is not being killed by them . But IDW Transformers has always been interested in how people navigate a world of shifting alliances , imperfect heroes , and charismatic villains . ''
The Combiner Hunters one-shot features the aftermath of the recent Combiner Wars saga and feature the female Autobots Chromia , Windblade and Arcee meeting the new Victorion , the result of a recent Hasbro Fan Built Combiner poll designed to create a new female character for toys and comics .
The resourceful and tenacious Autobots who combine as Victorion volunteered to search for artifacts sacred to their culture and religion in the Sea of Rust , an unsettled area on the planet Cybertron that 's corrupted by toxic gases . This dangerous atmosphere corrodes armor and has unknown effects on a 'bot 's processors and circuits .
`` They 've been forced to adapt to their surroundings and have learned how to live without much . This makes them extremely resourceful , '' says John Warden , Hasbro 's Transformers design manager .
`` They work together out of need , but they may not always like it . Life in this kind of environment can force you into some difficult choices , and these 'bots are n't afraid to make them . It makes them strong and resilient , and forges a lasting bond . ''
Like people , each Combiner has its own personality , weaponry and speech pattern , according to Scott . And because the characters , whose names IDW is keeping secret for now , are such a tight unit , they work well in combined form . Consequently , Victorion is more coherent and intelligent than other Combiners such as Menasor and Superion .
`` Each of those Transformers accepted a difficult mission from their spiritual leader , '' Scott says . `` You see that drive and zeal multiplied in Victorion . She is a warrior dedicated to her faith , and we all know how dangerous that can be . ''
Chromia , Windblade and Arcee feel Victorion 's power in `` Transformers : Combiner Hunters . '' ( Photo11 : IDW )
The team 's alternate vehicular forms include two race cars , a pair of helicopters , a motorcycle and a rescue truck . And Victorion also differs from other Combiners not only because she 's female but she can manipulate gravity and has the ability to combine in different configurations . If the copter twins form her legs , she can fly , and when they make up her arms , Victorion can use her gravity powers as a weapon .
The massive lady robot has a big role to play in `` Conquerers , '' the next story line that kicks off in IDW 's Transformers series written by Transformers editor John Barber and drawn by Combiner Hunters artist Sara Pitre-Durocher .
Victorion begins to forge a new life for her team , and the six robots ultimately form an interesting relationship with Autobot main man Optimus Prime .
`` Optimus is dealing with finding his place in a Cybertronian society that 's changing , and Victorion will have life experiences and a world view that 's different from Optimus ' , '' says Barber . It all leads into Transformers No . 50 early next year , `` where Victorion will be front and center during one of the biggest things we 've ever done in Transformers comics . ''
The new group may be considered a bunch of rogues for those who are n't in their circle of trust , but Scott figures they are way more Indiana Jones than the Punisher .
`` They may not agree with our other heroes all the time and they will fight for their beliefs , but Victorion is n't digging up these relics to alleviate some past , personal tragedy , '' the writer says . `` She 's doing it to build a better future for all Transformers . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1MRZISi
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola has rubbished the idea that the `` intensity '' of the Premier League makes it more challenging than other European leagues .
The Catalan was being quizzed after
on Saturday , a result that played out simultaneously with
Such an easy win allowed Barça to take off Luis Suarez at half-time , ensuring he 'll be well rested for the visit of City on Wednesday in the Champions League .
And when asked if it annoyed him that the Spanish champions had enjoyed a more straightforward weekend , Pep Guardiola was keen to set the record straight when it comes to nonsense about the Premier League being more intense than its continental equivalents .
`` I hear a lot of times about the intensity of the Premier League when none of you have been in La Liga or the Bundesliga to know how it is , '' he said .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Getty Images )
`` The problem here is maybe that there are more games but the way that they play in Germany is ... [ whistles ] ... it 's amazing .
`` I think you have to have respect for the other leagues , how they play and the way they play .
`` Of course Barcelona is special in how they play , a machine . Three amazing players in front , good counter-attack , the way they build-up so when they win 4-0 it 's because they deserve to win 4-0 .
( Image : Reuters )
`` I think every league has its points but especially it 's the quality of the players and that 's the reason why . In Spain in the last seven , eight , nine years they 're winning or in the final of all the European competitions because they play well because they have good players . That is the reason why .
`` Here there are more games to play ... but the intensity in Italy , in all of these places , is the same . ''
It was the perfect retort to those who continue to promote the Premier League as the world 's best while deriding La Liga as uncompetitive .
In pictures : Barcelona 4-0 Deportivo
While Barcelona triumphed 4-0 over Deportivo La Coruña this time , their last two games against them at the Nou Camp have been draws and the Catalan side have already lost at home to a newly-promoted club this season .
La Liga 's title race also ended with three teams separated by a point last year at the same time as the 'more competitive ' Premier League had champions Leicester finishing ten points clear .
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has confirmed to Congress that illegal immigrants granted amnesty under President Obama 's new programs could claim back refunds even when they never filed returns to pay their taxes in the first place .
Sen. Chuck Grassley , who had pressed Mr. Koskinen over the issue , released written responses Wednesday in which the commissioner admitted he 'd botched the question earlier and , in fact , illegal immigrants granted the amnesty will now be able to claim refunds on tax returns they never even filed , thanks to the Earned Income Tax Credit .
“ To clarify my earlier comments on EITC , not only can an individual amend a prior year return to claim EITC , but an individual who did not file a prior year return may file a return and claim EITC ( subject to refund limitations under section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code ) , ” Mr. Koskinen said .
He insisted , however , that he doubts many illegal immigrants will take advantage of the loophole because they would have to be able to prove their earnings for those years they never filed returns .
{ snip }
Taxpayers must have Social Security numbers in order to claim the EITC , and illegal immigrants are n't supposed to have numbers . But Mr. Obama 's new deportation amnesty grants illegal immigrants work permits , which are then used to obtain Social Security numbers .
IRS lawyers have ruled that once illegal immigrants get numbers , they can go back and refile for up to three previous years ' taxes and claim refunds even for time they were working illegally .
The lawyers said since the EITC is a refundable credit , that 's allowed even when the illegal immigrants worked off the books and never paid taxes in the first place .
{ snip }
Mr. Koskinen had initially said illegal immigrants could claim refunds , but only for years they 'd filed returns and presumably had paid some taxes .
{ snip }
Original Article
Share This
David Mundell , the country 's only Tory MP
David Mundell , the country 's only Tory MP , is set to publicly declare that he will not “ betray ” Conservative voters or his colleagues at Westminster by joining any new and separate party . Ahead of his speech , on the opening day of the Conservative conference in Manchester , he yesterday also backed leadership rival Ruth Davidson and described her as a future “ champion ” . Mr Fraser , who is currently deputy leader at Holyrood , wants to dissolve the Tories and create a new Scottish Unionist party , allied to David Cameron 's MPs at Westminster but without the “ toxic ” legacy that has alienated it in the eyes of millions of Scots . FREE NEWS UPDATES 24/7 ... FOLLOW THE SCOTTISH EXPRESS ON TWITTER
Previously , no Conservative politician had said he or she would refuse to join the new party if the breakaway group wins in the November poll . However , Mr Mundell 's remarks now highlight the possibility that the Tories could fracture and Scotland could end up with two right-of-centre Unionist parties . The Scotland Office minister will tell activists that , if elected again in 2015 , he will “ take the Conservative Whip ” and not enter into coalition “ with some new party that sets up to take over from the Conservatives in Scotland ” . He will say : “ I can not support the disbanding of our party and setting up a new one . Not least it is a betrayal of our stalwart members and activists and the 420,000 [ Scots ] who voted Conservative at the UK General Election .
“ I had intended to remain neutral in this election contest , given my unique position as our only MP , and a Government minister , but I now believe I can not continue to remain silent on the issue . “ I believe that the prospect of the winding-up of the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party , the emergence of another party in Scotland and the potential for a serious split is too great a threat simply to stand by and let happen. ” Mr Mundell , MP for Dumfrieshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale , also revealed he is backing Ms Davidson in the increasingly bitter leadership tussle .
Ahead of his speech , he said : “ She offers the energy , leadership and vision to take us forward ; to be a champion for our party ; a champion for Scotland and a champion for the United Kingdom. ” Mr Fraser , who will be in Manchester for a leadership hustings tomorrow , was also urged to follow the loyal example of his Welsh colleagues . Mr Mundell said they have “ transformed ” the party 's fortunes in Wales , which also suffered under Margaret Thatcher , and the country now has eight Welsh Tory MPs . Later today , the outgoing Scottish leader , Annabel Goldie , will deliver her final conference speech .
She is due to call for First Minister Alex Salmond to “ get on with ” his independence referendum and allow Scots to “ put this constitutional turmoil to bed ” . Meanwhile Jackson Carlaw MSP yesterday said he would call for a moratorium on new windfarms in Scotland if he is elected Tory leader . He accused the SNP of presiding over a “ free-for-all ” that was transforming Scotland 's world famous landscape in an “ unchecked and unplanned way ” . “ Clearly we now urgently need a strategic plan for Scotland and a moratorium on fresh turbine approvals until we have one , ” he added .
Mr Carlaw said he would also call for a rethink on plans for a single police force , as a national police chief could fall prey to the SNP 's “ cavalier attitude to impartiality ” . “ In many ways SNP belligerence illustrates the potential future problems a single police force might create , ” he said . “ Our support for a single Scottish police force was never unconditional. ” Mr Fraser himself last night said that the members of his group were the “ true modernisers ” in Scotland , echoing the buzz word used by David Cameron as he overhauled the UK party . He said that the Tories already have “ good , sensible , potentially popular ” policies , but “ people are either not listening to us on these issues or , worse , support the idea until told it is a Conservative one . ”
The Chinese spacecraft Shenzhou-11 – and its crew of two taikonauts – has successfully docked with the Tiangong-2 space module at 19:24 UTC . The docking begins a month-long mission in which the crew will conduct a series of experiments aimed at progressing China 's ambitions in space .
Tiangong-2 :
The launch was followed around the world and gained huge domestic interest .
A massive – and somewhat choreographed – crowd chanted in support of the taikonauts as they departed for the launch site under a police escort .
The launch countdown proceeded without issue as the Long March carrier rocket propelled the crew into orbit .
Following Sunday 's successful launch , Shenzhou-11 – and its two taikonauts – were inserted into a parking orbit .
The Chinese manned spacecraft was detected on a 334 x 336 km x 42.8 deg orbit . With the spacecraft using its own propulsion system , its orbital parameters were raised to a near circular orbit with an altitude of 393 km .
The spacecraft took two days to transition into rendezvous operations with Tiangong-2 .
During Shenzhou-8 and Shenzhou-9 missions to Tiangong-1 , the rendezvous was conducted via the V-bar approach . During Shenzhou-10 , the three member crew also practiced the approach to the old station using the R-bar approach and then maneuvering to the docking port .
Back then , Chinese specialists said that the test made with SZ-10 was a key docking objective ahead of the construction of the future Tiangong modular space station that China will launch during campaigns in 2018 .
China also has Lunar and Mars ambitions that they will build from the experiences of the Tiangong missions .
For Shenzhou-11 , the approach used the V-bar approach to dock with Tiangong-2 .
For rendezvous and docking , operations began at a distance of 52 km from the space module with the monitoring center system analyzing the parameters of Shenzhou-11 . At this distance both spacecraft will have been able to read the relative position and velocity of each other .
The next phase of the automatic approach and docking operations began when the two vehicles were 20 km apart , as Shenzhou-11 moved towards the three Go/No Go points – at 5 km , 400m , 140m and 30m .
During these “ parking points ” , the relative position of the spacecraft were assessed by ground controllers before a go to proceed was given .
At 120 meters the taikonauts had the option to take manual control of Shenzhou-11 if this proves necessary . This process is common for docking vehicles of all nationalities .
During these rendezvous operations , Shenzhou-11 provided the role of the “ active vehicle ” , while the Tiangong-2 acted as the “ passive vehicle ” . At a distance of 30 meters , the docking mechanism was extended to achieve the soft docking with the orbital module .
As the distance between the two vehicles continued to close , the ground control data continued to increase in accuracy , allowing for the final approach and soft dock . This was marked at 19:24 UTC .
It took 15 minutes to provide a hard dock/seal between the two vehicles , which allowed the control center to adjust the cabin environment .
Once the leak checks were completed , the crew enter the module and began taking measurements into cabin pressure , oxygen capacity , air temperature and humidity , along with checks into potentially harmful gasses .
Living in orbit :
As previously announced by the Chinese authorities , docked operations with Tiangong-2 will last 30 days . It is expected that the two taikonauts will sleep in the new station where there are two dedicated sleeping areas that are each equipped with two-way video communications equipment .
Tiangong-2 is equipped with everything a taikonaut needs , including exercise equipment , medical laboratory equipment , waste recycling equipment , medical health monitoring equipment , among other essentials .
Also on board are various clothing packages , including thermal underwear , warm pants , sports shoes , sportswear and shorts .
At launch , Shenzhou-11 itself carried more than 300 kg of cargo , including water , food rations and experiments with it to the module .
While in orbit , medical examinations will be conducted , including on-orbit examinations of the crew 's hearts , lungs and biochemistry conditions , as well as providing effective prevention against space motion sickness .
For this , equipment ranging from a bicycle ergometer to a chest developer and neuromuscular electrical stimulation have been prepared on board Tiangong-2 to protect the taikonauts against weightlessness and maintain their cardiac and muscular functions .
The two man will also wear the so called ‘ penguin suit ' that will help them to countermeasure the effects of the weightless environment .
WASHINGTON , DC — President Donald Trump says the current legal immigration system , based almost entirely on family-based chain migration , is “ a disaster for this country and it 's horrible . ”
During an interview with Fox News 's Laura Ingraham , Trump slammed chain migration in which newly naturalized immigrants to the United States have been readily allowed to bring their extended relatives , spouses , and children to the country , causing a boom in the foreign-born population — 44 million immigrants now reside in the U.S. — while keeping American wages stagnant and forcing working and middle-class Americans to compete with cheaper , foreign workers for jobs .
“ I do n't think any Republican would vote for anything having to do with leaving chain migration , ” Trump said in the interview . “ Chain migration is a disaster for this country and it 's horrible . ”
. @ POTUS : `` Chain migration is a disaster for this country , and it 's horrible . '' | Catch the full interview TONIGHT at 10p ET on @ FoxNews . pic.twitter.com/0It6tw2rWI — Fox News ( @ FoxNews ) November 2 , 2017
Trump noted that an end to chain migration must be included in a deal for 800,000 illegal aliens who are shielded by the Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) , which Attorney General Jeff Sessions has announced will be terminated in March 2018 .
A deal on DACA where illegal aliens obtain permanent amnesty to remain in the U.S. would be contrary to Trump 's previous statements opposing all amnesties for illegal aliens . It would also likely be opposed by Trump 's populist-economic nationalist base , which enthusiastically supports a pro-American immigration reform agenda that includes fines for businesses who hire illegal aliens , the construction of a border wall , an end to chain migration , and a reduction of legal immigration levels .
Currently , the U.S. admits more than 1.5 million foreign nationals a year . The vast majority of those immigrants come to the U.S. through chain migration , while others pour across the U.S.-Mexico border .
Mass immigration to the U.S. over the course of the last four decades has supplied big business and multinational corporations with a permanent underclass of cheap , foreign workers — often times illegally in the U.S. — who have filled American blue-collar job markets like the agricultural and food industries .
This is the HEAVEN-1 Probe from We Are Legion ( We Are Bob ) by Dennis E. Taylor .
Thrown together on the cheap largely out of surplus spacecraft parts by the Free American Independent Theocratic Hegemony ( FAITH ) in cooperation with Australia in 2133 after the development of the SURGE Drive . The HEAVEN-1 Probe was intended to survey distant star systems for planets suitable for colonization and to replicate itself . It 's crew is composed of a single Replicant , a software recreation of a dead human 's consciousness . In the case of HEAVEN-1 , the Replicant was Robert ( Bob ) Johannson . While possessing a state of the art reactionless propulsion system and a capable sensor suite , manufacturing capacity and workforce of ROAMers ( basic AI drones ) , the HEAVEN-1 Probe did lack several notable systems , most notably planetary exploration units and weapons systems . A problem given that Brazilian Empire launched off a number of probes that were armed specifically to destroy rival probes . In subsequent replications Bob would correct many of these deficiencies .
New Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) said Tuesday that President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is “ being really dumb ” by taking on the intelligence community and its assessments on Russia 's cyber activities .
“ Let me tell you , you take on the intelligence community , they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you , ” Schumer told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow .
“ So even for a practical , supposedly hard-nosed businessman , he 's being really dumb to do this . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump said Tuesday evening that an intelligence briefing on Russia 's cyber activities “ was delayed until Friday '' and suggested that intelligence agencies were n't prepared . NBC News reported , however , that the briefing was always planned for Friday .
`` The 'Intelligence ' briefing on so-called 'Russian hacking ' was delayed until Friday , perhaps more time needed to build a case . Very strange ! '' the president-elect wrote on Twitter .
Intelligence officials have reportedly determined that Russia tried to interfere in the U.S. presidential election to help Trump win the White House . President Obama has ordered a full report on the issue , and last week he put in place new sanctions against Russian intelligence organizations and individuals , in addition to expelling 35 Russian officials from the country and closing two stateside facilities used by the Russians for intelligence purposes .
Trump 's transition team responded to the initial reports about the CIA 's findings by drawing comparisons to its intelligence about supposed weapons of mass destruction in the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq .
Schumer said that as he understands , intelligence officials are `` very upset with how [ Trump ] has treated them and talked about them . ''
Like John Elmerson Fabriga and John David Pahoyo , the Canucks made a big splash on the first day of free agency when they signed Loui Eriksson to a lucrative six-year contract . But they finished the day like Jian Yang , making a few smaller , nearly unnoticeable splashes .
Jayson Megna , Chad Billins , and Borna Rendulic are n't exactly household names , but they are each solid AHL players who will help the Utica Comets a great deal and have a pinch of NHL experience to make them legitimate options for a call-up later in the season .
article continues below
Actually , Borna Rendulic is a household name , depending on which households you survey : Croatian , hockey-loving households . Rendulic is the first Croatian-born hockey player to play in the NHL , signing with the Colorado Avalanche in 2014 , and he 's a legitimate talent , racking up goals in international play .
Rendulic showed flashes of his goalscoring ability in the AHL , earning himself a call-up to the NHL , scoring his first NHL goal in his fourth game . Things were going well for Rendulic until he broke his leg , taking him out of action for the rest of the season .
Heading into his second season in North America , Rendulic looked poised to bounce back , making the Avalanche out of training camp . Instead , he played fourth line minutes in three games and got sent down to the San Antonio Rampage in the AHL .
That 's where things went south , as the Rampage were a disaster . They finished last in the Pacific Division and had a terrible team atmosphere , crushing the confidence of many of the young prospects in the Avalanche organization and failing to develop them as players . That 's not idle speculation : that 's what Rendulic said in an interview with Eurolanche , a Europe-based Avalanche fanclub .
In the AHL , you are just playing there . You just feel nobody cares about you . Nobody cares about your development or how you are going to develop . Nobody teaches me . We had like those development guys like David Oliver and Brett Clark . When they come over it was nice because they were teaching us , but our coaches did n't teach anyone . There were so many young players lost their confidence . They could n't make the play even when they are good players . It just should n't be like that . It was too much negativity around when I was there .
That is a devastating assessment of the Avalanche system : “ nobody cares about your development ” and “ our coaches did n't teach anyone ” are a pretty damning indictment . It also lines up with what I have seen from many Avalanche fans who are frustrated with the lack of development from players in the AHL . Unsurprisingly , Rampage head coach Dean Chynoweth got the axe in April .
As for Rendulic , he 's still just 24 and obviously still wants to play in the NHL . He knows he 's unlikely to make the Canucks out of camp—later in that interview he says he “ does n't deserve a one-way contract ” —but he must have more faith in the ability of Travis Green and the Utica Comets to develop players .
Rendulic is just as frank in his assessment of his own abilities as he was of the Rampage . In an interview with Not Your Average Hockey Blog last September , he pretty comprehensively broke down his strengths and weaknesses :
What 's the best part of your game ? I believe the best part of my game is my shot , especially my slapshot . Also I 'm a winger with a big frame , and I am always being told that I possess a promising combination of size and scoring ability . I think I 'm an intelligent player , good in corners , who likes to play offensive , but smart . I am tactically very good and I have a finisher 's instinct both in strength and skill to power my way to the net . I have a good technique and tendency for finesse and an attractive game . What 's something you need to work on ? On the other hand , I often look passive off the puck and I could up my intensity and sharpness . Furthermore , I need to fine-tune all aspects of my play . I have to place special focus on skating and adding grit , in addition to improving my defense and realization skills . Those are some things I definitely need to work on . ”
It 's rare to hear that kind of self-awareness in an interview with a hockey player , but it shows that Rendulic has identified where he needs to improve . A coach like Travis Green may provide the `` teaching '' that Rendulic craves and did n't receive in San Antonio . Heck , Ben Kuzma literally called Green a “ teacher ” in an article last week .
With his size and skill , Rendulic could stand out for a Utica team that lost last season 's top goalscorer in Hunter Shinkaruk and may lose its second leading goalscorer in Brendan Gaunce if all goes well at training camp . If Rendulic finds the development he 's looking for , he could play his way back into the NHL sometime this season .
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu delivered a heartwarming message Feb. 15 : “ [ The ] Armenian diaspora is not an enemy diaspora , it is ours . We will keep reaching out to them. ” Yet on March 18 , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan called upon the Armenian diaspora , saying , “ Come let 's go over the archives . We can assign experts to evaluate all documents , bring your documents . It is not ethical to go traveling around different countries , distributing money , establishing lobbies to carry anti-Turkish propaganda . ”
The Armenian diaspora has become the scapegoat for the Turkish-Armenian conflict . As the commemoration of the Armenian genocide centennial approaches , the Turkish government keeps sending mixed messages .
For example , on March 24 , disturbing graffiti appeared on the wall of an Armenian church in Bakirkoy district of Istanbul . It read : “ Who cares if you are all Armenians [ referring to the liberal groups standing with the minorities with the slogan 'We are all Armenians ' ] , one of us being Ogun Samast [ the murderer of prominent Armenian Turkish author Hrant Dink ] is sufficient. ” The graffiti , which caused an uproar on social media , was promptly cleaned up . Another one appeared the next day reading : `` Holy Year 1915 . ''
The existence of the diaspora itself poses the most difficult question : How did the Armenian population decline to 60,000 from 2.5 million at the end of the 19th century in Anatolia ? While Turkish views on the Armenian issue are divided , there seems to be a general conviction in Turkey that the Armenian diaspora is now strong enough to affect Turkey 's international politics .
In a piece for the Armenian Weekly , columnist Raffi Bedrosyan expressed the popular perception among Turks about the `` evil '' Armenian diaspora .
Bedrosyan lives in Canada , as a pianist and engineer working diligently to save the Armenian properties all around Anatolia . In September 2012 , he gave the first Armenian piano concert since 1915 in the Surp Giragos church of Diyarbakir . He was also active in the reconstruction of the church .
Bedrosyan told Al-Monitor , “ Erdoğan , AKP [ Justice and Development Party ] and generally the Turkish state and state-controlled media misguidedly portray Armenians as three distinct groups : the good , the bad and the poor . The small Armenian community in Istanbul is regarded as the good — obedient , agreeable and easy to manipulate . The diaspora is regarded as the bad — the hateful enemy obsessed with genocide recognition , compensation and reparations . The Armenians in Armenia are regarded as the poor — completely desperate , dependent in every way on the Russians or the diaspora finances . [ The ] Turkish state and Erdoğan fail to see that all three groups share a common pain since 1915 and a common goal for a just resolution . Yes , perhaps the diaspora is the most vocal among the three in pushing for acknowledgment and justice ; however , Turkey has completely shut out any attempt for reconciliation with all three groups — closed borders with Armenia and no dialogue with any Armenian entity from neither diaspora nor Armenia regarding 1915 . I am a minority within the Armenian diaspora advocating direct dialogue with Turkey , instead of pressuring Turkey through third states , but after several attempts for dialogue , encouraged by Davutoglu 's statements such as 'Armenian diaspora is also our diaspora , ' I have become disillusioned at the fake attempts by government officials and academia . I see absolutely no willingness at state level to acknowledge historical facts and truths . ”
Indeed , Al-Monitor interviewed over 20 prominent Armenian academics , journalists , artists , pundits and pastors from Australia , United Kingdom , France , Canada , Syria and Lebanon , as well as different parts of the United States , and all agreed with Armenians ' demand for Turkey to officially recognize the genocide .
Kevork Oskanian , a research fellow at the Center for Russian , Eurasian and European Studies at the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom , told Al-Monitor that beyond the shared wish of an official recognition of genocide , “ there are actually a great number of different ideas [ among the diaspora ] . Some believe the matter should stop there ; others go so far as to advocate the resurrection of the Sevres Treaty and Wilson 's arbitral award . The overwhelming majority are somewhere in between these two extremes , demanding , say , symbolic acts , or more concrete — financial — forms of compensation . ”
Asked about the Armenians of the Levant , he said , “ They have a special status in the diaspora partly because they are the oldest and best developed postgenocide communities ; the ancestors of many people in France , the USA … passed through Lebanon or Syria before heading West , and , of course , 1915 's ‘ killing fields ' were situated mostly in Syria , giving the place an added significance to Armenians worldwide . In that sense , the Syrian civil war has done immense damage to the Syrian Armenian community , which used to be one of the most dynamic in the region , and is considered the ‘ mother community ' by many in the diaspora . ”
Scout Tufankjian , a photojournalist and author of the upcoming book `` There Is Only the Earth : Images from the Armenian Diaspora Project '' that documents contemporary Armenian communities in more than 20 countries , told Al-Monitor , “ Beyond [ the recognition of genocide ] views [ of the diaspora ] really vary — from those who would be satisfied with recognition to others who would push for reparations to others who would want to re-establish Western Armenia in our historic homeland. ” A New York resident now , Tufankjian has just returned from a year in Istanbul .
“ Views on modern Turkey also really vary , '' she added . `` Some people hold that the responsibility for recognition lies with every Turkish citizen ; others see this more as a governmental issue . Some people have no issue with traveling to eastern Turkey to tour the villages of their ancestors ; others would never step foot in a Turkey that does not acknowledge the genocide . Even the attitude that people take toward the Kurdish apology [ for their role in the genocide ] has varied . Many have accepted it warmly and wholeheartedly and look for opportunities to work together ; others distrust it . ”
Nigol Bezjian , a filmmaker in Beirut , told Al-Monitor , “ Armenians in the Levant may have more pragmatic and practical approach to deal with the past in this modern time due to the proximity to their homeland. ” Bezjian , born in Aleppo , Syria , has directed the movie “ I Left My Shoes in Istanbul ” documenting the travels of a Lebanese Armenian to Istanbul in 2012 .
Armen Georgian , a political analyst for France 24 , is more pessimistic about the relations between the diaspora and Turkish government and the impact of Syrian civil war . “ I see the stalemate continuing , '' he told Al-Monitor . `` Last year , Erdoğan made a statement on the Armenians that would have been unthinkable for a Turkish leader 20 years ago , but it fell far short of the unequivocal apology that the diaspora has been demanding for a century . This year Erdoğan has taken a harder line , trying to make sure that the Gallipoli centenary overshadows the centenary commemorations in Yerevan . So I think the rift between him and the diaspora has widened . In addition , some members of the diaspora hold the Turkish government indirectly responsible for the destruction of Armenian heritage in Syria by the Islamic State . ”
When asked whether the diaspora 's actions benefits Armenians in Turkey , Georgian said , “ I think that international awareness of the genocide centenary makes it difficult for the Turkish government to take measures against Armenians — back in March 2010 the prime minister threatened to deport 100,000 Armenian migrants — but I would not rule out a further spike in tensions after April 24 that could make both Armenian migrants and Turkish citizens of Armenian origin feel uncomfortable . ”
An Australian Armenian , Ashley Kalagian Blunt , told Al-Monitor about the position of the Armenian community in Australia , “ The battle at Gallipoli , which began April 25 , 1915 , was a significant aspect in the formation of Australian national identity . While Australian Armenians are keen to stand up and commemorate the genocide as a community this April , they wish for official recognition from Australia and , of course , official recognition from Turkey . ”
One of the biggest diaspora groups is in Southern California . Harut Sassounian , the publisher of the California Courier , expressed concerns about the reactions of rest of the world as well , wondering , “ Is it sufficient to criticize Turkey for genocide denial , while ignoring world leaders who attend the Gallipoli ceremonies ? ”
Whatever your answer is to Sassounian 's question , one can not deny that diverse and determined Armenian diaspora spread over 70 countries symbolizes survival rather than victimhood .
Metal Gear TW for iOS will combine espionage with social networking later this year .
Have you ever wished there was more espionage involved in social media ? If so , you 're not alone . Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima 's studio is working on an app that will add stealth and camouflage modes to your Twitter account . Called Metal Gear TW , the app will give users more control over who can see what parts of their updates .
Metal Gear TW 's `` camouflage mode '' allows users to censor parts of tweets , ensuring that only designated people can access them . The app also has a stealth mode , which lets people block or ignore others -- without them finding out . While Twitter already has built-in private accounts and block functions , Metal Gear TW 's features actually sound pretty practical if you only want to hide some of your content from the general public , not all of it .
Metal Gear TW will be released on iOS by the end of 2012 , though it 's unclear if that means Japan only or worldwide .
Source & Image : Kotaku
Socket.IO
Socket.IO is a JavaScript library for realtime internet applications . It permits real time , bidirectional communication between internet shoppers and servers . It has 2 parts : a client-side library that runs within the browser , and a server-side library for node.js .
It provides more options , as well as broadcasting to multiple sockets , storing information related to every client , and asynchronous I/O .
Socket.IO Features
Socket.IO provides the flexibility to implement time period analytics , binary streaming , instant electronic communication , and document collaboration .
Socket.IO handles the connection transparently . It will automatically upgrade to WebSocket if possible . This requires the programmer to only have Socket.IO knowledge .
Introduction :
The application is based on chatting using Scoket.IO .The application code will help you to use Socket.IO in your android application .
The application provides below functionalities : -
1 ) Sending Messages to all users .
2 ) Notify when the user leaves or joins the room .
3 ) Indicates if the user has started typing .
Business magazine The Economist on Thursday endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE , calling her `` America 's best hope . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` The choice is not hard . The campaign has provided daily evidence that Mr Trump would be a terrible president , '' the magazine 's editorial board wrote .
`` Although , by itself , that is not much of an endorsement , we go further . Mrs Clinton is a better candidate than she seems and better suited to cope with the awful , broken state of Washington politics than her critics will admit . She also deserves to prevail on her own merits . ''
The Economist noted it is not in support of all of Clinton 's policies , calling her tax plan `` fiddly . ''
`` The scale of these defects , though , is measured in tiny increments compared with what Mr Trump proposes . ''
The editorial board concluded that it is backing Clinton `` partly because she is not Mr Trump , but also in the hope she can show that ordinary politics works for ordinary people — the sort of renewal that American democracy requires . ''
Celebration of Defeat – Let 's hear it for the losers , the brave few who know not when to quit . They trudge towards danger , with nary a hesitation , marching to the beat of inevitable decline . When everyone else in the arena begins to doubt them ( the audience , the referee , the commentators , their own corner ) they still believe they can win , even when they ca n't . They will not give up .
Look closely now as he ricochets off the ropes , or rises sullenly from the blue canvas for the third time , or throws punches at ghosts because his balance has been beaten askew . He is a real life Rocky Balboa , a hero to be praised and admired , even if he must ultimately be saved from himself in the end . Because in real life , we all know Rocky does n't win .
The Real Deal
No one would call Evander Holyfield a loser . Arguably the greatest cruiserweight in the short history of the divisions ' existence , Holyfield went on to also become one of the most decorated heavyweights of the twentieth century . What few seem to remember these days , though , is that the pinnacle of praise he received during his first heavyweight title reign ( 1990-1992 ) was the very night he lost the crown to Riddick Bowe .
Holyfield had won the title in 1990 with a lightning quick counterpunch to the jaw of Buster Douglas . At 246 pounds , Douglas was n't nearly the same guy who had shocked Mike Tyson in Tokyo the previous winter , but that was n't Evander 's fault . Tougher-than-expected tussles with 42-year-olds George Foreman and Larry Holmes , combined with Holyfield 's inability to get Mike Tyson in the ring with him before the latter was sent to prison after being convicted of rape , left the public clamoring for the champion to inspire .
Enter Riddick Bowe . Despite being undefeated at the time , the giant-sized heavyweight was long known as an exceptionally skilled fighter who just did n't seem to focus enough , both inside the ring and out . On fight night , though , instead of the guy Holyfield had become accustomed to getting the better of during their numerous sparring sessions , Bowe entered the ring focused and in fantastic condition . After building an early point lead , Bowe started round ten of the scheduled twelve-rounder with a stiff , powerful jab that snapped Holyfield 's head back . Seconds later , the two stood chest-to-chest .
Here they are…
Bowe snaps Holyfield 's head up in the air like a jack-in-the-box with an earth shattering uppercut that has the champion momentarily out on his feet . Back to the post , Bowe batters him . Pow ! Pow ! Pow ! There would surely be a knockout soon . Holyfield is staggering , covering up , stumbling . Bowe is throwing punches , bomb after bomb . Bam ! Bam ! Bam !
Slowly , though , the moment seems to turn . First , Holyfield shoots a straight right hand that does little except to prove he 's still there . Next , he 's bouncing on his toes again . Seconds later , Bowe misses the same uppercut that started things for him , then Holyfield digs back with a hard left hook to the body . How is this guy up ? They separate for a moment . Holyfield is bouncing again , and he bounces his way right into delivering a hard right hand . This one has real force behind it though it is partially blocked . Another hook to the body has Bowe trying to catch his breath . Bowe has stopped throwing punches now . Is he hurt ? Holyfield lures him back in close . Two vicious uppercuts are unfurled inside , but this time from the champion . It 's Bowe 's head snapping toward the sky now , rising to the lights like a balloon . It 's Bowe who is in trouble . Moments later , a looping right hand punctuates the moment . And another . Another . They fight after the bell . Toe to toe . Holyfield is still there…somehow…he is still standing . He is still the champion , if only for a few more rounds .
When the judges read the scorecards after the full twelve , it confirmed what everyone already knew . Bowe had won the fight that night ; Holyfield , the glory .
Four Seconds
Brilliance in defeat is n't localized to going the distance . Floyd Patterson did n't last more than a round with Sonny Liston either time he faced him , but that 's only because he was brave enough not to . When the two met for the first time in 1962 , Liston was the heavy favorite . Still , when the bell rang that night no one expected to witness the third fastest one round knockout in boxing history . Liston appeared all things important as soon as the punches started flying : he was bigger , meaner , stronger . Patterson 's edge in speed and resiliency was n't enough for him to overcome any of it , especially the pulverizing , deliberately delivered double left hooks to his head that sent the champion down to the floor for good .
After the fight , Patterson showed he was beaten more than just physically . He was devastated emotionally as well , embarrassed to the point of donning dark glasses and a fake beard so as not to be noticed on his way out of town . Few could have blamed him for never fighting anyone again , much less the very same monster who had pounded him down to challenger status just ten months earlier . Still , just fighting Liston again was n't as commendable as the way in which he fought him , despite finding himself in similar hopelessness just seconds into the fray .
Here he comes now…
As in the first bout , Liston batters Patterson to the canvas in the very first round , except this time , even faster . He is ferocious , this giant , bear-sized man with the battering ram jab . Patterson is still conscious and rises to his feet . He meets the menacing Liston head on . Soon Patterson is getting shoved into the corner by short , heavy punches . Next , he catches a long , looping right hand telephone pole to the chin . He 's down again . His mind drifts .
Down there on the floor , he is thinking about what will happen to him when he gets back up . He knows who and what is waiting for him should he rise to his feet . The reality of the situation has already been proven to him over and over and over . You can see it on his face , but you can see something more there , too . There is grit . There is glory .
Floyd Patterson stands up with a look that is at once both resigned and resolute . He bites down hard on his mouthpiece , moves forward towards the most menacing puncher the world had ever seen and throws a one-two punch combination as hard as he can . This is Floyd Patterson . This is bravery .
Unflinchingly brave , as boxing writer Matt McGrain put it in his excellent treatise on the fighter , and at the end of things he had earned a total of four more seconds with Liston than he had lasted previously . Four glorious seconds .
A Real Prizefighter
Moments such as these are not limited to all-time great in epic main event struggles . Last weekend 's Showtime Extreme card included junior middleweights Julian Williams and Jeremiah Wiggins . Both are unknown quantities for the most part . No one has any idea whether either of them will amount to anything , except that the bout was set up by promoters for the 22-year-old , undefeated prospect Williams to prove his mettle against 31-year-old tough trial horse Wiggins . He did just that and seemed to outclass Wiggins at every turn , save one .
While Wiggins was getting battered here and there , up and down , pillar to post , by the faster , stronger and younger Williams , and while he appeared dazed and even out on his feet on occasion , he seldom took a step backward from the tremendous onslaught he was up against in almost every moment . That 's not to say he was foolish or without skill ; he was n't . This was not a case of a man taking a beating . We are not sadists .
Wiggins was simply a real prizefighter in a real fight . He was hopelessly outmatched , yes , but every single time it looked as if he was about to be stopped , wildly brave Wiggins would unleash a multitude of punches , some landing and some not , with furious intent . It was the case when the bell rang to begin the fight . It remained such after Wiggins was dumped to the canvas in round four . Wiggins wanted to win , he needed it , and he truly believed he could do it .
The bell rings for round seven now…
Wiggins meets Williams in the center of the ring . His chin tucked behind his front , left shoulder , he probes out towards his assailant with a quick jab . Williams returns a couple jabs of his own , which land softly on Wiggins ' body . The two take turns chasing each other a bit , then Wiggins shoves Williams to the ropes . Time to go to work . Wiggins lets loose a left hand to the body followed by a right hook to the head . Williams blocks each . Wiggins tries it again then delivers a few soft jabs to open him up a bit . Williams ' ability had to block and parry has become a puzzle for Wiggins , one that he must solve with volume . One , two , three , four—BAM ! Wiggins ' last soft jab is returned by a hard right hand counter by Williams . His head snaps back . His eyes roll a bit , likely becoming used to the streaking lights that swirl around him when they do . Two more lefts and a right from Williams have Wiggins retreating now by instinct , but the next punch is the one that jolts his knees . Suddenly , Wiggins ' back is to the corner . He 's trapped . Williams throws punches as fast as he can . Wiggins bends low to grab him in an effort to buy some time , but he ca n't . No matter , the ploy worked in a way because the referee is coming over to separate them now . Wiggins will catch his breath and get right back at it . He will not give in .
“ What ? ! ” Wiggins screams to referee Robert Byrd , who is now waving his hands in front of the brave fighter telling him the fight is over . “ WHAT ? ! ”
“ You 're cornered threw the towel in , ” Byrd explains , ignoring the impolite shove he just received from the disgusted combatant .
Wiggins does n't like what just happened , but this is exactly the corner 's job . Their decision is commendable . Wiggins is not Rocky . He is a real person . No one wants to see anyone permanently injured or needlessly pummeled . Wiggins ' work today is now done , and it has been enough .
Beyond Defeat
So let 's hear it for the losers now , Evander Holyfield , Floyd Patterson , Jeremiah Wiggins and others like them , the brave few who know not when to quit . They trudge towards danger , with nary a hesitation , marching to the beat of inevitable decline . They dare to face insurmountable odds with zeal and conviction . Valiant souls who look with noble eyes and pure hearts through what is in front of them into something beyond defeat , something less transient than despair , something more important than mere comfort . These men come to fight , and we are all better because of it .
The beautiful royal couple , Prince William and his wife Kate , are always seen together at different events around the world . They 're always photographed together whenever they 're out and about , but one thing we 've noticed is that the two are never seen holding hands !
It 's not that the two do n't want to show PDA , it 's that they feel that they are doing business when they go on these trips and attend different events . They are the Royal Couple .
It 's important to the two that they show business-like manners , and holding hands would not be one of those . When they 're out and about in the world , PDA does n't really fit it into the category of their workplace !
The fact that the two can still be a well-represented couple without showing a lot of PDA out in front of everyone , if any , is pretty awesome !
Go them !
Bulls coach​​ Fred Hoiberg is as mild-mannered as they come most nights . But after the Bulls fell 104-95 to the Boston Celtics in Game 4 of their playoff series , Hoiberg was unusually heated .
The referees were the target of Hoiberg 's ire , and he will certainly draw a fine for his comments . Hoiberg complained that the officiating crew repeatedly failed to call a dribbling violation on guard Isaiah Thomas .
Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg complains that referees allow Celtics ' Isaiah Thomas to “ discontinue [ his ] dribble on every possession ” … pic.twitter.com/CgvsCb13Ic — Ben Golliver ( @ BenGolliver ) April 24 , 2017
“ When you 're allowed to discontinue your dribble on every possession , [ Thomas is ] impossible to guard , ” Hoiberg said . “ When you 're able to put your hand under the ball and take two or three steps and put it back down , it 's impossible to guard in those situations . ”
The NBA provides examples of the discontinued dribble violation on their video rulebook website with the following explanation :
Dribblers may not have any part of their hand under the ball , bringing their dribble to a pause , before continuing on with their dribble . On this play , the offensive player brings part of his hand under the ball , bringing the ball to a pause in an attempt to freeze the defender , before continuing on with his dribble . This is a violation .
Thomas ' hesitation dribble move may technically be a violation , but the rule is rarely enforced .
“ I do n't think I 've been called for that one time this year , so I do n't think that will change , ” Thomas said . “ I ca n't recall one time this season where I 've been called for a carry . ”
Thomas ' memory might be a little off . It appears that he was called for the violation three times this season .
Isaiah Thomas has been called for carrying 3 times all season , per @ bball_ref . ( Search for “ discontinued dribble ” ) https : //t.co/15R2Pj9VMU — Chris Herring ( @ Herring_NBA ) April 24 , 2017
It 's my best guess is that Hoiberg took umbrage at Thomas ' hesitation dribble . It 's a technique that Thomas goes to frequently to get separation on his drives .
You can judge for yourself whether Thomas places his hand underneath the ball or brings the ball to a pause on the move in these two clips .
Thomas , naturally , disputed Hoiberg 's allegations .
“ That 's not the reason I 'm an impossible cover , ” he said . “ I 've been dribbling that way my whole life . ”
Thomas has a point . There were plenty of other times that he was torching the Bulls ' defense without resorting to his hesitation dribble . Isaiah Canaan played nice defense and had some deflections on Thomas , but more often than not Thomas simply blew right past him .
For Hoiberg to state that Thomas used the dribble move on every possession was a gross exaggeration , although Thomas did score very frequently off it . The bigger issue for the Bulls is that they did n't have any quality defenders to stick on Thomas . Hoiberg sounded frustrated , more than anything , after the Bulls squandered two chances to win a third game in the series at home . Now the Celtics have home court advantage again with two of the possible three remaining home games .
It 's not a shock , but the Bulls got no production from Michael Carter-Williams or Jerian Grant for the second consecutive game . Rajon Rondo wo n't be able to play any of the remaining games in the series while he recovers from a broken thumb . While Canaan came in and gave them a nice boost off the bench , he 's not known as a good defender and he likely wo n't be able to slow down Thomas for the rest of the series . Maybe the Bulls should activate Cameron Payne ? Nah , let 's not get crazy .
The Bulls did n't have an answer for the Celtics ' pick-and-roll actions with Thomas , and this latest desperation ref-baiting move by Hoiberg is n't likely to solve their problems . Hoiberg 's players seemed to enjoy the support , which is nice , but he has to come up with a better solution for Game 5 on Wednesday .
Of course Bill Clinton arranged the meeting to influence the investigation of Hillary , even if only grandchildren , travel and golf were discussed .
What do you call an Attorney General who meets privately with the husband of a person under FBI investigation , and only discloses it when asked ?
Loretta Lynch .
This is the last straw for me , when it comes to Lynch .
I opposed my former law school classmate 's nomination because her congressional testimony indicated she would be too political . Events have confirmed my fears , from suggestions that “ hate speech ” might be prosecutable , to the threat to sue people who disagree with the administration on climate change , her political grandstanding on the North Carolina bathroom law , to the attempt to edit out references to Islam and ISIS from the 911 transcript of the Orlando terrorist .
None of that is quite as outrageous as the news today that Lynch met privately with Bill Clinton at the Phoenix airport for 30 minutes , a meeting that was revealed only when a local news crew asked her about it at a press conference . ABC15 reports :
Amid an ongoing investigation into Hillary Clinton 's use of email and hours before the public release of the Benghazi report , US Attorney General Loretta Lynch met privately with former President Bill Clinton . The private meeting took place on the west side of Sky Harbor International Airport on board a parked private plane . Former President Clinton was visiting the Phoenix area and arrived to Sky Harbor Monday evening to depart . Sources tell ABC15 Clinton was notified Lynch would be arriving at the airport soon and waited for her arrival . Lynch was arriving in Phoenix for a planned visit as part of her national tour to promote community policing . ABC15 asked Lynch about the meeting during her news conference at the Phoenix Police Department . “ I did see President Clinton at the Phoenix airport as he was leaving and spoke to myself and my husband on the plane , ” said Lynch . The private meeting comes as Lynch 's office is in charge of the ongoing investigation and potential charges involving Clinton 's email server . The private meeting also occurred hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving Hillary Clinton and President Obama 's administration . Lynch said the private meeting on the tarmac did not involve these topics . “ Our conversation was a great deal about grandchildren , it was primarily social about our travels and he mentioned golf he played in Phoenix , ” said Lynch Tuesday afternoon while speaking at the Phoenix Police Department . Sources say the private meeting at the airport lasted around 30 minutes . “ There was no discussion on any matter pending before the Department or any matter pending with any other body , there was no discussion of Benghazi , no discussion of State Department emails , by way of example I would say it was current news of the day , the Brexit decision and what it would mean , ” she said .
Neither Lynch nor Bill Clinton are dummies . They both know that such a private meeting creates the appearance of impropriety regardless of what was discussed . Bill Clinton 's wife is being investigated by the FBI — why do you think he dropped in for a chat with Lynch ?
Of course they did n't discuss the case . They did n't need to .
If there was no appearance of impropriety , why did Lynch wait until a local news crew , apparently tipped off , asked her about it ?
It feeds a narrative of the Clintons acting like the fix is in , with Hillary repeatedly bragging that there is no way she 's going to be indicted .
Lynch should have known better .
I 'm confident she does .
A JUDGE has slammed a 000 operator 's reaction to an Afghan woman who called complaining of domestic violence days before her death .
Soltan Ahmad Azizi , 46 , strangled his wife Marzieh Rahimi with her veil after complaining she had become `` too Australian '' .
Sentencing Azizi to a minimum of 17-and-a-half years behind bars , Justice Betty King said police should have been there for Ms Rahimi after she called 000 for help just days before her death .
Ms Rahimi , a mother of five , was killed in front of the couple 's three-month old baby and toddler , 22 months , in their Hampton Park home in November 2007 .
`` It is most unfortunate that no assistance was forthcoming as a result of a very disappointing reaction by the telephone operator to your wife 's inability to speak English in anything other than a broken English manner , '' Justice King said .
`` Your wife was extremely distressed and kept asking why the police had not come ... a question that I would pose to this day . ''
Wayne Debernardi , spokesman for the Emergency Services Telecommunications Authority , said phone records had confirmed a call was made from Ms Rahimi 's address at 1.46am on November 20 , 2007 .
Mr Debernardi said the 000 operator did the right thing and referred the call to police .
`` A triple 000 call was received by a female caller from the victim 's address , '' he said .
`` The ESTA operator identified the need for an interpreter but the caller hung up in the process of us getting that assistance .
`` As per our standard operating procedures , the contact details were provided to Victoria Police for appropriate follow-up . ”
Ms Rahimi had told her sister and social workers her husband was violent and she wanted a divorce .
The cousins had an arranged marriage in Afghanistan in 1995 and came to Australia as refugees in 2005 .
The court heard Azizi believed he could dominate his wife and at times had locked her out of their Hampton Park home .
Just days before killing his wife , he complained she was becoming `` too Australian '' in a phone call to his sister-in-law .
Azizi admitted killing his wife and even called the police afterwards , saying , `` I 'm ready for the handcuffs '' .
However , he pleaded not guilty to murder with his lawyers claiming Azizi had not meant to kill her .
A jury dismissed this and found Azizi guilty of murder .
Justice King said Azizi demonstrated no genuine remorse and made untruthful claims his marriage was a happy one .
`` Your treatment of your wife over a period of time was not what would be normally acceptable in this country , but you are not here to be punished for that , you are to be punished for your ultimate treatment of your wife which was that you killed her , '' she said .
Azizi was sentenced to 22 years in jail with a non-parole period of 17-and-a-half years .
Originally published as Victim 's 000 call for help ignored
Tim Russert : 'Independent men flee from Hillary Clinton '
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday November 8 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
According to the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal presidential poll , respondents prefer a generic Democrat over a generic Republican by some fifteen percentage points . However , when asked specifically about Hillary Clinton vs. Rudy Giuliani , poll respondents put them in a dead heat .
Tim Russert discussed the poll with Matt Lauer on Thursday 's Today Show . `` It 's remarkable , '' Russert commented . `` Independent men flee from Hillary Clinton and go to Rudy Giuliani . '' He noted that Clinton leads Giuliani by 53 % to 38 % among women , while the figures for men are almost exactly the opposite .
Democratic pollster Peter D. Hart , who conducted the survey along with a Republican partner , told NBC News that widespread disapproval of the Republican Party gives Clinton `` a magnificent tailwind '' but that her polarizing image and high negatives suggest she would have a real struggle in the general election .
The poll shows Barack Obama well ahead of Clinton even among Democratic voters on measures of both likeability and honesty , but Clinton comes out ahead when asked about experience and leadership . And although Clinton has a substantial lead over Obama and Edwards among Democrats nationwide , Russert noted that all three are `` in a deadlock in Iowa '' and the results in that state could change everything `` overnight . ''
The following video is from NBC 's Today Show , broadcast on November 8 , 2007 .
I have become a commuter . On my way to work , I spend a good amount of time in the car listening to podcasts and jamming out to favorite tunes . My long commute has meant lots of meals in the car . Most people think eating past 7pm is a breeze , but those who have seen me with my hunger horns understand my need to eat dinner early .
A breakfast bar in the morning is an easy solution , but dinner is another matter altogether . There are only so many forms of food that can be eaten with one hand wile focusing on the road . After many stained shirts and strange looks coming from cars zipping by , I have learned to stick with one handy form of food – the wrap .
I have always found that wraps made with tortillas can be heavy , and gluten-free wraps are almost impossible to roll without some major cracks . I have found that collard greens are the perfect solution , thanks to this recipe I whipped up past year . They stand up to hearty wrap fillings and keep drips from staining my pressed whites .
I have stuffed them with everything from thai peanut veggies to mashed sweet potatoes this summer . This Curried Chickpea Salad has become my current go-to . It is creamy , crunchy , and packed with flavor thanks to the curry powder . They are no-cook – a serious bonus during the high temps – and seriously hit the spot when I am craving lighter food during the summer .
Curry Chickpea Salad Wraps Author : Laurel
Prep Time : Prep Time : 30 minutes
Total Time : Total Time : 30 minutes
Yield : Yield : 6 servings
Category : Category : Entree
Cuisine : Cuisine : dairy-free , egg-free , gluten-free , grain-free , refined sugar-free , soy-free , sugar-free , vegan , vegetarian Print Pin Description These flavor packed wraps are an effortless meal . They can be thrown together in 30 minutes with simple pantry staples . They store well in the fridge – a rest in the fridge overnight makes their flavor even better . Ingredients 3 cans Chickpeas ( , drained )
1 red bell pepper ( , diced )
2 green onions ( , sliced )
1/4 cup cilantro ( , roughly chopped )
1/4 cup hummus
1 – 1 1/2 tablespoon curry powder ( ( depending on your taste preferences ) )
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar
1/2 – 1 teaspoon salt
10 large collards leaves Instructions In a large bowl , mash the chickpeas with a potato masher . Add in all the remaining salad ingredients and stir to combine . To make the collards easier to roll , lay them flat on a cutting board with the thick stem facing upward . Using a paring knife , cut horizontally to remove the bulk of the rib without cutting a hole in the collard . Repeat with the remaining collards . Lay one collard down on your work surface and spread some of the salad mixture on one end . Roll like a burrito . I lay them on the platter with the seam side down to prevent any unrolling . Repeat with the remaining wraps .
Ukip has announced its candidate for the Newark by-election : the MEP Roger Helmer . Surely Ukip is just trolling us now ? Here are a best-of , or worst-of , his most incendiary remarks :
Disliking gay people is like disliking Earl Grey tea
He told the Sun in April this year that Brits should be able to dislike homosexuals , like they do n't like certain types of tea :
... [ some people find homosexuality ] distasteful if not viscerally repugnant ... Different people may have different tastes . You may tell me that you do n't like Earl Grey tea . That may be a minority view but you are entitled not to like it if you do n't like it .
Helmer later told the Independent that people may prefer `` heterosexuality or homosexuality '' and accused the media of `` a feeding frenzy against Ukip '' .
Being gay is `` abnormal and undesirable '' and not to be `` celebrated ''
He made these remarks in a 2000 pamphlet , which were picked up by the Sun . He also said homosexuality is `` not a lifestyle worthy of valid equal respect '' .
Equal marriage is like incest
Helmer asked , baffled :
`` If two men can be married , why not three men ? Or two men and a woman ? ... Why not a commune ? If two men have a right to marry , how can we deny the same right to two siblings ? Are we to authorise incest ? ''
The distinction between `` date '' and `` stranger '' rape
In his own blog in May 2011 , Helmer imagined , probably stroking his trademark moustache during his musings , a date scenario to distinguish between 'two types ' of rape :
The first is the classic “ stranger-rape ” , where a masked individual emerges from the bushes , hits his victim over the head with a blunt instrument , drags her into the undergrowth and rapes her , and the leaves her unconscious , careless whether she lives or dies . The second is “ date rape ” . Imagine that a woman voluntarily goes to her boyfriend 's apartment , voluntarily goes into the bedroom , voluntarily undresses and gets into bed , perhaps anticipating sex , or naïvely expecting merely a cuddle . But at the last minute she gets cold feet and says “ Stop ! ” . The young man , in the heat of the moment , is unable to restrain himself and carries on . In both cases an offence has been committed , and the perpetrators deserve to be convicted and punished . But whereas in the first case , I 'd again be quite happy to hang the guy , I think that most right-thinking people would expect a much lighter sentence in the second case . Rape is always wrong , but not always equally culpable . My two scenarios also give the lie to one of the popular over-simplifications trotted out by the feminist tendency in these cases : “ Rape is always about power and control and domination , never about sex ” . In the first case , that may well be true . In the second case , it is clearly not true .
Oh , and if you 're unsure whether or not he 'd have your vote yet , he ploughed on by saying the victim should 'share the blame ' :
... while in the first case , the blame is squarely on the perpetrator and does not attach to the victim , in the second case the victim surely shares a part of the responsibility , if only for establishing reasonable expectations in her boyfriend 's mind .
The `` Great Climate Myth '' of global warming
Helmer labelled climate change the `` Great Climate Myth '' , and spent £9,000 on a poster campaign for climate change scepticism . His slogan was the inspiring : `` Green climate change policies : Probably unnecessary , Certainly ineffectual , Ruinously expensive . ''
He responded to critics by saying `` I am speaking for the majority of British voters '' .
Homophobia `` describes something which simply does not exist ''
Helmer has been busted for many anti-gay remarks in his time as an MEP , once tweeting that psychiatrists should be allowed to try “ turn ” homosexuals straight : “ Why is it OK for a surgeon to perform a sex change operation , but not OK for a psychiatrist to try to ‘ turn ' a consenting homosexual . ”
On his blog , which is essentially reading material for Ukippers on speed , he wrote this about homophobia :
`` ... let me point out that the neologism “ homophobia ” is not so much a word as a political agenda . In psychiatry , a phobia is defined as an irrational fear . I have yet to meet anyone who has an irrational fear of homosexuals , or of homosexuality . So to the extent that the word has any meaning at all , it describes something which simply does not exist . “ Homophobia ” is merely a propaganda device designed to denigrate and stigmatise those holding conventional opinions , which have been held by most people through most of recorded history . It is frightening evidence of the way in which political correctness is threatening our freedom . It is creating “ thought crimes ” , where merely to hold a conventional opinion is seen , in itself , to be unacceptable and reprehensible . I 'm sorry , but I do n't buy it . ''
Uh , no . Nor do we .
Rioters should be `` shot on sight ''
When he was a Conservative MEP ( he defected to Ukip in March 2012 ) , he tweeted an astonishing response to the London riots in August 2011 :
`` Memo to COBRA : Time to get tough . Bring in the Army . Shoot looters and arsonists on sight . ''
Then a gentler response ...
`` Let 's try water cannon/plastic rounds first . But if the police lose control completely , tougher measures are called for . ''
`` Dumb '' seal cubs deserve to be killed
In 2006 , Helmer commented that beating `` dumb '' seal cubs on the head was a `` humane '' way of killing them , and he told a 17-year-old animal rights campaigner to `` save your concerns for people rather than them . '' In a bizarre accusation , he also condemned seals as `` guilty '' of eating too much fish .
He wrote to A-level student Madeleine Harrold :
I think it 's mawkish , sentimental and unhelpful to adopt a Bambi attitude to animals . Your sympathy for dumb animals do you credit but save your concerns for people rather than them .
Badger cull would reduce `` exorbitant '' cost of shaving brushes
And another good reason for a badger cull -- it would bring down the exorbitant price of shaving brushes . — Roger Helmer ( @ RogerHelmerMEP ) July 12 , 2011
He 'll be running in the Newark by-election on 5 June . And you 'll be running away .
Robert Iger , Disney 's chief executive , has said that he could imagine ESPN selling the sports network over streaming video via a so-called over-the-top , or O.T.T. , subscription , calling such a move “ inevitable. ” But he also seems in no rush to make such a move — and for good reason .
“ There are many commonly held beliefs/myths/legends about ESPN , ” Todd Juenger , an analyst at Bernstein , wrote over the weekend , partly in response to Mr. Greenfield . One such belief , he wrote , is that “ ESPN is what holds the bundle together. ” But he said : “ Maybe that is true , but in a different way than most people intend . If ESPN went O.T.T. , we do n't think the bundle would collapse because millions of households would drop cable and subscribe to ESPN . Instead , if ESPN went O.T.T. , we think other networks would respond in kind , and perhaps millions of households would drop cable to avoid ESPN ( and other expensive sports networks ) and take advantage of the rich array of entertainment video options . ”
Mr. Iger has acknowledged that television is a mature industry now being disrupted by streaming technology , which makes its future uncertain . But Mr. Iger , 64 , may not have to wrestle with these challenges ; those will most likely be left to his expected successor , Tom Staggs . ( Mr. Iger 's contract ends in mid-2018 . )
Most analysts wave off concerns about ESPN , arguing that this wo n't be a problem for some time and that live sports will remain the most desirable programming for viewers who still want a bundle of channels . And , they say , it 's the cable companies that will feel the most pain .
“ We think that the turmoil and disruption will most be felt by the distributors and some of the weaker programming content companies , ” Martin Pyykkonen of Rosenblatt Securities wrote to investors , also seemingly in response to Mr. Greenfield . “ For Disney , we think it 's a reasonable bet that they will be a necessary part of almost any skinnier programming package going forward . ”
All that may be true . It 's also possible that shifts in television habits will change more slowly than some of the most dire predictions .
Disney may have seen all of this coming : It has spent the past decade diversifying its business by adding big franchises like Star Wars , Marvel and Pixar while expanding its theme park business .
by Paul Kennedy @ pkedit , Oct 25 , 2016
Knockout Round :
TORONTO FC-PHILADELPHIA .
Trend lines :
2016 Meetings :
Probable Lineups :
LA GALAXY-REAL SALT LAKE .
Trend lines :
2016 Meetings :
Probable Lineups :
Between them , the LA Galaxy and Real Salt Lake have made 11 MLS Cup appearances and won six league titles . In 15 combined seasons , Toronto FC and the Philadelphia Union have never won a playoff game . What the teams in Wednesday 's opening MLS playoff games have in common is poor form recently : just two wins in 20 games. , 7:30 pm ET , ESPN2 , UniMas , 10:30 pm ET , UniMas , 7:30 pm ET , UniMas , 10 pm ET , FS1 , UniMasNY Red Bulls , New York City , FC Dallas , Colorado.In its 10th season in MLS , Toronto FC finally gets a home playoff game . After exiting quietly at Montreal last year in its first playoff game , TFC will look to extend its season at BMO Field on Wednesday . It has a good chance as Philadelphia enters the playoffs with the lowest point total in a decade and winless since August.Neither team enters the playoffs in good form defensively -- Philadelphia has conceded seven goals , Toronto six in their last three games -- but the Union has been particularly bad. “ It is inexcusable at the professional level to give up breakaways from midfield , especially in back-to-back weeks , ” Philadelphia head coachsaid . “ That is something that ca n't happen , and it 's happened too much in recent weeks . `` The Union is making only its second playoff appearance and first since 2011 when it lost both games to Houston . Still , the pressure will all be on big-spending Toronto FC. “ They 're the home team , '' said Curtin . `` They 're looking for success this year . They want to make a deep playoff run . `` TLLWTLTLLL.TOR : Sebastian Giovinco ( Marky Delgado ) 18PHI : Ken Tribbett ( Tranquillo Barnetta ) 24TOR : Drew Moor ( Michael Bradley ) 30TOR : Jozy Altidore ( Will Johnson ) 44PHI : Alejandro Bedoya ( Fabian Herbers ) 25TOR : Justin Morrow ( Jonathan Osorio ) 70Irwin ; Beitashour , Moor , Hagglund , Morrow ; Bradley , Chapman , Osorio , Lovitz ; Altidore , Giovinco.Blake ; Rosenberry , Marquez , Tribbett , Fabinho ; Carroll , Bedoya ; Herbers , Barnetta , Pontius ; Sapong.The Galaxy and RSL produced 13 goals between them in their two regular-season meetings , but do n't expect a ton of goals Wednesday night at StubHub Center . They have scored three goals between them in October ( six games ) .Injuries and poor form have been a problem for both teams.andwere all back at training but only Keane might play on Wednesday . RSL center forwardhas been bothered by a heel problem and veteran right backis questionable.After scoring five goals in three games to begin September , has not scored since then for the Galaxy . Since scoring twice and setting up the third RSL goal in a 3-1 win over Chicago on Aug. 6 , has n't had a point -- a span of nine games.Both teams know the key is just to be in the playoffs. “ I think we 've kept our heads above water , '' Galaxy coachsaid . `` I think we 've been somewhat consistent in the fact that we 've been a team that 's been in a position to win MLS Cup almost each and every year so that 's OK. '' TTLTW.LTLTL.RSL : Juan Manuel Martinez ( Assisted by Luke Mulholland ) 16LA : Gyasi Zardes ( Assisted by Baggio Husidic ) 19LA : Mike Magee ( Assisted by Emmanuel Boateng ) 26LA : Emmanuel Boateng ( Assisted by Gyasi Zardes , Giovani dos Santos ) 41LA : Giovani dos Santos ( Assisted by Emmanuel Boateng , Mike Magee ) 45RSL : Javier Morales pen . 70LA : Steven Gerrard 90+1LA : Emmanuel Boateng ( Giovani dos Santos ) 7RSL : Joao Plata pen . 53LA : Giovani dos Santos ( Baggio Husidic ) 58LA : Giovani dos Santos 64RSL : Joao Plata ( Yura Movsisyan , Tony Beltran ) 67RSL : Juan Manuel Martinez ( Joao Plata ) 90+4Rowe ; Rogers , DeLaGarza , Van Damme , Cole ; Husidic , Larentowicz ; Donovan , dos Santos , Lletget ; Gordon.Rimando ; Wingert , Glad , Olave , Wingert ; Sunny , Beckerman , Martinez , Morales , Plata ; Movsisyan .
The map above illustrates the cost and speed of connectivity in cities across the world .
Faster connectivity speeds are represented by warmer colors . More expensive Internet bills are represented by bigger circles .
Even though the Internet was invented in the United States , Americans pay the most in the world for broadband access . And it 's not exactly blazing fast .
For an Internet connection of 25 megabits per second , New Yorkers pay about $ 55 — nearly double that of what residents in London , Seoul , and Bucharest , Romania , pay . And residents in cities such as Hong Kong , Seoul , Tokyo and Paris get connections nearly eight times faster .
Here 's how cities across the world compare when it comes to Internet price and speed :
So why are Americans paying more for slower service ? The answer : There 's limited competition in the broadband market .
In fact , half of American homes have only two options for Internet service providers for basic broadband , according to the Federal Communications Commission . And for faster speeds , a majority of households have only one choice .
That 's why a handful of cities has chosen to create their own municipal broadband services to compete with private broadband providers : Chattanooga , Tennessee , Bristol , Virginia , Lafayette , Louisiana , Cedar Falls , Iowa , and Wilson , North Carolina .
The municipal broadband services in these cities often provide faster speeds using fiber instead of traditional telephone or cable lines , though not necessarily for cheaper . Other cities have even partnered with Google to roll out high-speed internet .
Watch NewsHour Weekend Sunday to learn more about how New York City is working to get internet access to the more than 730,000 homes without broadband access . Or watch our full report in the player below :
Secret £14million Bible in which 'Jesus predicts coming of Prophet Muhammad ' unearthed in Turkey
Vatican 'wants to see ' 1,500-year-old ancient script
Has been hidden by Turkish state for 12 years
Handwritten in gold-lettered Aramaic
By Daily Mail Reporter
A secret Bible in which Jesus is believed to predict the coming of the Prophet Muhammad to Earth has sparked serious interest from the Vatican .
Pope Benedict XVI is claimed to want to see the 1,500-year-old book , which many says is the Gospel of Barnabas , that has been hidden by the Turkish state for the last 12 years .
The £14million handwritten gold lettered tome , penned in Jesus ' native Aramaic language , is said to contain his early teachings and a prediction of the Prophet 's coming .
Secret Bible : The 1,500-year-old tome was said to contain Jesus ' early teachings and his prediction of the Prophet 's coming
Ancient : The leather-bound text , written on animal hide , was discovered by Turkish police during an anti-smuggling operation in 2000
The leather-bound text , written on animal hide , was discovered by Turkish police during an anti-smuggling operation in 2000 .
It was closely guarded until 2010 , when it was finally handed over to the Ankara Ethnography Museum , and will soon be put back on public display following a minor restoration .
A photocopy of a single page from the handwritten ancient manuscript is thought to be worth £1.5million .
Turkish culture and tourism minister Ertugrul Gunay said the book could be an authentic version of the Gospel , which was suppressed by the Christian Church for its strong parallels with the Islamic view of Jesus .
He also said the Vatican had made an official request to see the scripture - a controversial text which Muslims claim is an addition to the original gospels of Mark , Matthew , Luke and John .
In line with Islamic belief , the Gospel treats Jesus as a human being and not a God .
Serious interest : The Vatican , under Pope Benedict XVI , is said to want to see the recently re-discovered Bible
Historic : The £14million handwritten gold lettered tome is penned in Jesus ' native Aramaic language
It rejects the ideas of the Holy Trinity and the Crucifixion and reveals that Jesus predicted the coming of the Prophet Muhammad .
In one version of the gospel , he is said to have told a priest : 'How shall the Messiah be called ? Muhammad is his blessed name ' .
WHO WAS ST BARNABAS ? Born in Cyprus as Joseph , Barnabas was an Early Christian later named an apostle . His story appears in the Acts of the Apostles , and Paul mentions him in some of his epistles . The date , place , and circumstances of his death are historically unverifiable . But Christian tradition states that he was martyred at Salamis , Cyprus . He is traditionally identified as the founder of the Cypriot Church , with his feast day on June 11 .
And in another Jesus denied being the Messiah , claiming that he or she would be Ishmaelite , the term used for an Arab .
Despite the interest in the newly re-discovered book , some believe it is a fake and only dates back to the 16th century .
The oldest copies of the book date back to that time , and are written in Spanish and Italian .
Protestant pastor İhsan Özbek said it was unlikely to be authentic .
This is because St Barnabas lived in the first century and was one of the Apostles of Jesus , in contrast to this version which is said to come from the fifth or sixth century .
He told the Today Zaman newspaper : 'The copy in Ankara might have been written by one of the followers of St Barnabas .
'Since there is around 500 years in between St Barnabas and the writing of the Bible copy , Muslims may be disappointed to see that this copy does not include things they would like to see .
'It might have no relation with the content of the Gospel of Barnabas . '
Justin Gleeson has resigned his post as the government 's chief legal adviser . Credit : Andrew Meares The men had been at loggerheads over a legally binding direction issued by Senator Brandis before the July 2 election which prevented ministers , including the Prime Minister , seeking advice from Mr Gleeson without his written approval . Legal experts had expressed concern the directive may mean the Solicitor-General , who holds a statutory office and gives independent advice on matters of national significance , is `` frozen out '' of advising the government of the day . A Senate committee is due to report by November 8 on whether Senator Brandis misled Parliament by claiming he consulted the Solicitor-General on about the move , a claim Mr Gleeson flatly denied . Senator Brandis has conceded he did not raise the prospect of a binding legal direction with Mr Gleeson at a meeting on November 30 last year because he had not yet decided on that course of action .
Illustration : Cathy Wilcox However , he told the Senate inquiry his legal obligation to consult did not require it be done `` in some specific fashion '' and there was consultation on the general `` subject matter '' . He has insisted the direction was merely `` administrative housekeeping '' and consistent with the law and historical practice . Illustration : Ron Tandberg . But Mr Gleeson told the Senate inquiry the directive was unlawful and effected a `` radical '' change to the role of solicitor-general .
Former solicitor-general Gavan Griffith , QC , who served during the Hawke , Keating and Howard governments , said in an explosive submission to the Senate inquiry that it was akin to keeping a `` dog on a lead '' and risked politicising an independent office . Fairfax Media has previously revealed Senator Brandis sought advice from the private bar on issues ranging from the same-sex marriage plebiscite to the proroguing of Parliament before the election . It triggered accusations he was `` shopping around '' for opinions he regarded as more politically convenient , but Senator Brandis said his Labor counterpart Mark Dreyfus had also sought second opinions in office . Mr Dreyfus said on Monday that Mr Gleeson 's resignation `` is a direct result of the Attorney-General 's disgraceful treatment of Mr Gleeson and his office '' . `` It is not Mr Gleeson who should have resigned today – it is Senator Brandis , '' Mr Dreyfus said .
`` The Commonwealth has lost from its service a great legal mind and one of the most experienced constitutional lawyers in this country as its most senior legal adviser . '' Stuart Clark , the president of the Law Council of Australia , said Mr Gleeson 's decision was `` both selfless and honourable '' . He said it was `` critical that the legal advice which the Solicitor-General provides to government ministers and their agencies is frank , fearless and independent . '' In the letter to Senator Brandis , Mr Gleeson said he had come to the conclusion to resign `` with regret , but the best interests of the Commonwealth can be served only when its first and second law officers enjoy each other 's complete trust and confidence within a mutually respectful relationship '' . `` When such a relationship is irretrievably broken , as is the case here ... there must be some resolution to the impasse , '' he said .
Senator Brandis said in a statement : `` In the circumstances , Mr Gleeson 's resignation is the proper course of action for him to have taken . '' He said he would `` immediately take steps to identify and recommend to the Cabinet a suitable person to be the next Solicitor-General '' . `` In the meantime , the government will recommend to His Excellency the Governor-General the appointment of Mr Tom Howe PSM QC as the Acting Solicitor-General . '' Mr Howe is chief counsel for dispute resolution at the Australian Government Solicitor . The resignation will take effect on November 7 . Mr Gleeson said in his letter to Senator Brandis that he considered the notice period `` should be the minimum necessary in the circumstances '' .
The resignation came as no surprise to the legal profession . It is understood Mr Gleeson has sounded out opportunities to go to the London bar to specialise in international arbitration . Sydney silk Andrew Bell , SC , has been touted as a potential successor to Mr Gleeson . But senior lawyers have raised concerns in private about whether the role is now too politicised to attract high-calibre candidates . Former High Court chief justice Sir Anthony Mason , a former Commonwealth Solicitor-General , said at an event in Sydney on Monday evening that Senator Brandis ' interpretation of the law was a `` big stretch '' . Senator Brandis had said the Commonwealth Law Officers Act required all requests for legal advice to be made through the office of the Attorney-General . But Sir Anthony said the Attorney-General could not say `` yes or no '' to a request for advice and he had routinely advised government departments without a referral .
However , he also said the Attorney-General could `` seek advice from other counsel '' and , `` unlike the Pope , the Solicitor-General has no claim to infallibility '' .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Greece took over the presidency of the European Union on Wednesday and chose the moment to deliver a staunch defense of its efforts to recover from six years of recession and two bailouts that have cost it more than 200 billion euros .
Greece 's Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras ( R ) and Deputy Finance Minister Christos Staikouras listen to questions during a news briefing related to the Greek presidency of the European Union in Athens January 7 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yorgos Karahalis
Meeting Brussels-based journalists as Athens took on what is largely a ceremonial EU role for the next six months , Foreign Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras were quick to highlight nascent signs of recovery , with forecasts for the economy to grow marginally this year .
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras delivered a similar message , while all of them trod carefully around the possibility that Greece will need another loan or else have to write off or renegotiate a portion of its vast debts later this year .
Since it emerged in late 2009 that Greece had fiddled its statistics , the country has received two rescues totaling 240 billion euros - more than its annual output - from the EU and International Monetary Fund , and flirted with leaving the euro .
To try to put the economy back on a stable footing , the government has slashed spending , cut public sector salaries and pensions , raised taxes and begun to sell off state assets , enforcing a dramatic and deeply unpopular internal devaluation .
“ No other country during peacetime has achieved as much as Greece has achieved since 2009 , ” Stournaras said when asked what specific steps he had taken to make the economy competitive again after six years of contraction .
“ People should this year begin to feel the impact in their pockets and in their everyday lives . ”
Asked if it was not essential for Greece to write off some portion of the money loaned to it by the EU and IMF to have any chance at a sustained recovery , both Venizelos and Stournaras demurred , while Samaras played up the signs of improvement .
“ Greece , after huge sacrifices , is able to say that it is leaving behind the crisis , ” he told a joint news conference with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso .
Ahead of the arrival of Barroso and the rest of the members of the European Commission , police and paramilitary units sealed off the centre of Athens and demonstrations were banned to prevent any disruptions to the launch of the presidency .
DEBT WRITEDOWN
Because of Greece 's enormous debt and low prospect of being able to pay them back in the next 30 years , the expectation is that some form of renegotiation will be required later this year , although it is a subject Greece is reluctant to broach .
Venizelos , a combative former finance minister and Socialist party leader , said no request for a “ haircut ” or write down in the value of its loans had been made and said he was only interested in how to make the outstanding debt more manageable .
“ We want a serious technical discussion about how to make the debt sustainable in the long term , ” he said , adding that to this point none of the loans had cost European taxpayers a cent because all obligations had been paid in full .
Stournaras said there was room to lower the interest rates on the loans still further - even though they are barely above the cost of financing - as well as making changes to the pay-back schedule and using EU development funds in more imaginative ways to keep Greece solvent and on a recovery path .
“ A reduction in the interest rate and a pushing back of the amortization schedule is more effective from the point of view of the financial markets , ” he said , dismissing suggestions that what Greece ultimately needed was debt relief .
Any new loan would likely come with further strict conditions on spending cuts and tax increases that Greece is determined to avoid , not least to avert further social unrest .
“ There can be no more fiscal conditionality , ” the finance minister said , highlighting the dire impact earlier rounds of spending cuts , state salary reductions and tax increases .
“ It 's quite illogical to impose any more conditionality . It 's totally self-defeating at this stage . ”
Over the past four years , Greece has forced through a 22 percent reduction in the minimum wage , cut average public sector salaries by nearly a quarter and slashed some pensions by more than 40 percent , delivering a deep “ internal devaluation ” .
While the economy has contracted by almost 25 percent from its peak , the current account deficit has been erased , exports have picked up and growth of 0.6 percent is scheduled this year . Unemployment has stabilized , albeit at a painful 27 percent .
In a sign of increased confidence , Stournaras said it was likely Athens would offer a five-year bond in the second half of 2014 , with the funds raised via an investor roadshow .
While that would mark a significant step forwards , it would still fall a long way short of full market access - and socially and politically Greece remains deeply troubled .
A man leaves the Bank of Greece headquarters in central Athens November 27 , 2013 . REUTERS/John Kolesidis
Samaras 's coalition government is barely holding on to a three-seat majority in parliament . He dropped plans to increase healthcare costs this week and will raise taxes on cigarettes instead , largely to avoid the threat of a parliamentary revolt .
The major event during Greece 's presidency will be the European Parliament elections in May , when a surge in support for extreme-left , -right and anti-EU parties is expected .
In Greece , the left-wing Syriza group is forecast to top the polls , potentially disrupting Samaras 's delicate coalition .
Norway 's Enslaved were among the early pioneers of the second wave of black metal , playing a highly intellectual style that would find them branching out into various progressive directions throughout the ensuing decades . With Ivar Bjørnson and Grutle Kjellson once again serving as the band 's creative core , they 've crafted their 14th studio album , simply titled E , due Oct. 13 .
Do n't let the single-letter title fool you , as this record promises to be another rich exploration of Enslaved 's black metal foundation with walls of '70s prog and shoegaze elements resting on top . E brings six new songs in the standard release format ( two additional tracks come with the Digipak ) and the elongated runtimes of the songs have always been standard for the band and will regularly surpass seven minutes .
Roping in guest musicians on E , the Norwegians tapped Wardruna 's Einar Kvitrafn Selvik , fluitist Daniel Mage and saxaphonist Kjetil Møster . `` Hiindsiight '' and `` Feathers of Eolh '' are among two of the songs said to feature guests and the can check out the full track listing below . Also , look out for `` Storm Son '' to arrive on Friday ( Aug. 11 ) .
Guitarist and key songwriter Ivar Bjørnson commented on the significance of the album 's title and explained the conceptual aspect of what fans can expect from this latest slab of music from Enslaved ,
The concept of the album lies in both it 's meaning as a letter in the latin alphabet , and it 's runic reference : the rune 'Ehwaz , ' that is depicted as an 'M ' when drawn as rune ( just to make sure it gets really confusing ) – the runes are drawn to look like what they literally mean . Ehwaz ( pronounced and used as what 's known as ' E , ' but drawn as an 'M ' ) looks like and means 'horse , ' which is closely linked to its esoteric meaning ; which is 'trust ' and 'co-operation ' . One of mankind 's oldest and deepest pairings/collaborations with any 'outside ' entities is with the horse . When they were first tamed and utilized , there must have arisen the notion of some esoteric link between the two ; now we could move swiftly , escape faster and even eat and drink from the animal ( both horse milk and horse blood ) , and of course show off and brag before our enemies and peers with the most spectacular horses .
So , no , it is not about horses ! It is about the symbioses that surrounds us ; which are vital to our existence , to our development – on all scales : man and vessel ( for instance horse , yes ) , a person and its significant other , child and parent , musician and instrument , chaos and order , subconscious and conscious , Oden and Sleipnir – wisdom and communication . There are many levels and variations of this concept on the album ; the duality of man and nature , present and past personalities within one self , the conscious fear and the subconscious drive . And other symbiosis .
E will be released through Nuclear Blast and pre-orders are live at the label 's webstore for both physical and digital editions as well as plenty of bundle options and a few different runs of colored vinyl .
Enslaved , E Track Listing
01 . `` Storm Son '' ( 10:54 )
02 . `` The River 's Mouth '' ( 5:12 )
03 . `` Sacred Horse '' ( 8:12 )
04 . `` Axis of the Worlds '' ( 7:49 )
05 . `` Feathers of Eolh '' ( 8:06 )
06 . `` Hiindsiight '' ( 9:32 )
Bonus Tracks Available on the Digipak :
07 . `` Djupet '' ( 7:39 )
08 . `` What Else Is There ? '' ( Röyksopp cover ) ( 4:44 )
Enslaved Albums Ranked
The Wild Storm # 5
Written by WARREN ELLIS  Art and cover by JON DAVIS-HUNT  Variant cover by JIM LEE and SCOTT WILLIAMS  Variant cover by DECLAN SHALVEY
Michael Cray is dying . This does n't stop IO from giving him one final job , to fix the world hes spent years killing for . Michael Cray , the best assassin in the world , is sent out to kill Angela Spica , the engineer who saved Jacob Marlowes life and exposed the secret state she worked for . Lucy Blaze , investigating the chaos caused at Camp Hero by IO and a wild CAT , meets an old enemyand realizes an ancient war may be entering a new phase , at the worst possible time .
On sale JUNE 21  32 pg , FC , $ 3.99 US  RATED T+
Source Newsarama Written by WARREN ELLIS  Art and cover by JON DAVIS-HUNT  Variant cover by JIM LEE and SCOTT WILLIAMS  Variant cover by DECLAN SHALVEYMichael Cray is dying . This does n't stop IO from giving him one final job , to fix the world hes spent years killing for . Michael Cray , the best assassin in the world , is sent out to kill Angela Spica , the engineer who saved Jacob Marlowes life and exposed the secret state she worked for . Lucy Blaze , investigating the chaos caused at Camp Hero by IO and a wild CAT , meets an old enemyand realizes an ancient war may be entering a new phase , at the worst possible time.On sale JUNE 21  32 pg , FC , $ 3.99 US  RATED T+ __________________
Alan Moore : `` I should just keep me mouth shut , I just upset people . ''
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
It was just after midnight on a September Sunday when several police officers , responding to reports of property damage , approached a small group of young black men walking down a street in north Portland , Oregon . Among them was 16-year-old Thai Gurule , a football player at Roosevelt High School , and his older brother Giovanni . Officers ordered Thai to stop . He kept walking . Ad Policy
Within minutes Thai would be tackled by several officers , forced to the ground , tased and handcuffed . Later , despite a judge 's ruling that the initial stop was illegal , he 'd face charges of resisting arrest , assaulting a public safety officer and attempted strangulation . Giovanni would face similar , though less serious , charges . The Portland Police Bureau worked quickly to defend their officers , releasing a statement that explained that the Gurule brothers were “ very hostile , ” and that Thai demonstrated “ active aggression , including his choking the female officer . ”
Cell phone videos captured a different scene : Thai , slight of body , standing still between two officers . “ Can I ask you a question ? ” Giovanni can be heard saying . “ What did my little brother do ? He does n't do anything . He plays football for Roosevelt , come on now . He does n't drink . He does n't smoke. ” Suddenly , the officers pull Thai towards the ground . His white hat falls off , and he reaches for it through the scrum . Officers bark orders , and bystanders shout : “ Stop pulling his hair ! ” “ Why are you punching him ? ” “ That 's illegal ! ” “ What 's the problem that he caused ? ” “ Fucking pigs ! ” When they tase him , Thai begins to gasp , his high-pitched keening overlaid by the hoarser , panicked protests coming from his older brother .
Less than a month earlier , the Portland Police Bureau had reached a “ groundbreaking ” agreement with the Department of Justice to settle a case stemming from repeated incidences of police violence . There was the schizophrenic who was beaten to death by officers ; the suicidal young black man who was shot in the back after concerned relatives called the police ; another young man in a mental health crisis who was shot to death after cops pulled him over for driving “ like a gangster. ” The deal , as described by the DOJ , will put in place “ innovative new mechanisms ” for community oversight and requires reforms to training and use-of-force guidelines .
The bureau 's treatment of mentally ill people was the focus of the federal inquiry . The DOJ did also acknowledge “ the often tense relationship between PPB and the African American community , ” and that some Portlanders believe city cops are out to “ protect the white folk and police the black folk. ” But the feds did n't dig for the roots of that tension . Portland is roughly 6 percent African-American , while just over 3 percent of the police force is . About 14 percent of the people pulled over in traffic stops are African-American , as are a quarter of people shot or shot at by police . Beneath the gloss of white Portland 's self-conscious progressivism are grievances related to this skewed use of force ; to the rapid gentrification of historically black neighborhoods ; the decline of black-owned businesses and public schools in those areas ; and a deep history of state-sanctioned racism . “ I live north of Portlandia , ” a senior at De La Salle North Catholic High School put it at a forum on racial profiling in early March . “ The one you know nothing about . ”
Portland 's reform efforts come in the context of a national outcry against police violence and its disproportionate impact on people of color , as well as new eagerness within the DOJ to force changes to local law enforcement . The debate about how best to reform the police—and whether police reform is even the right thing to focus on—is spreading and intensifying . Portland 's homogeneity , and its reputation for liberalism and livability make the city 's policing problems appear less acute than in , say , Ferguson , Missouri . But it 's worth asking why a city that by some measures is best equipped politically to build a better policing model has n't been able to do so .
The Gurule case “ demonstrated that even with the settlement agreement on paper , we still have a long road ahead on implementation , ” said Reverend LeRoy Haynes Jr. , chair of the Albina Ministerial Alliance Coalition for Justice and Police Reform , which was instrumental in the development of the settlement . Haynes views that agreement as “ a foundation for beginning to really—slowly—transform the Portland Police Bureau. ” But , he told me , it 's no panacea . “ I think the DOJ chose the easier route at the time , ” he said of the department 's kid-glove approach to racial dynamics in the city . “ But you ca n't transform the bureau without transforming its impact on communities of color . ”
* * *
Teressa Raiford was 10 when police officers left four dead possums on the doorstep of her grandmother 's restaurant in north Portland . Her grandmother was so embarrassed by the incident that she refused to come out of her house , Raiford recalled recently over coffee in northeast Portland 's Hollywood neighborhood . Raiford 's father called the city commissioner to complain , and the incident provoked the formation of the city 's first citizen review board . That was three decades ago . Raiford is now a gun-safety advocate and the lead organizer for Do n't Shoot Portland , a local group pushing for police accountability . Cops are n't leaving carcasses in front of black-owned businesses , but , she noted , “ we 're still having the same conversation . ”
The history of the Portland police—and the state of Oregon—is intimately bound with white supremacist groups . In August 1921 the Portland Telegram ran a picture of city officials , including the chief of police , meeting with hooded members of the Ku Klux Klan . One hundred Klansmen were officially deputized as “ Portland Police Vigilantes. ” The police bureau itself , the Telegram reported , was “ full to the brink with Klansmen. ” Although the KKK eventually lost its prominence , people of color were targeted by Portland police officers well into the 1980s . After a black off-duty security guard was choked to death by police in 1985 , the police chief banned the use of “ sleeper holds. ” In response , police officers printed 100 T-shirts with the image of a smoking gun and the slogan , “ Do n't Choke 'Em . Smoke 'Em . ”
The periodic changes that the Portland Police Bureau has made to its use of force policies and leadership in response to these types of incidents has n't stopped them from happening . Raiford and I started talking initially about racial bias in the police force , but our conversation soon broadened to inequality in Portland generally . She talked about poverty in Portland 's communities of color , about walking into coffee shops in gentrified neighborhoods and noticing how conversation among white patrons quieted . “ That 's not for us , ” Raiford said of those hip cafes and other markers of Portland 's youthful prosperity . Local civil rights leader Ron Herndon said something similar in 1980 about Portland 's reputation for livability . “ That livability is not there for blacks , instead we get prison , unemployment , bad housing , and Klan-type harassment . ”
I walked with Raiford a few blocks to a Presbyterian church , where a Community Oversight Advisory Board formed in accordance with the Justice Department settlement was due to meet . The board 's fifteen voting members include a former state senator , a rabbi , human and disability rights advocates and medical professionals . Former Oregon Chief Justice Paul DeMuniz chairs . The meeting I attended was largely devoted to bylaws , committee appointments and other tedium . But the Department of Justice views the COAB as “ innovative , ” and will rely on reports from the group to monitor the police bureau 's compliance with the settlement .
Raiford is skeptical about the COAB 's anticipated impact , in part because of its limited purview . “ The only thing they can do is investigate , ” she said , not hold officers accountable . It also ca n't do much about the political and economic disenfranchisement within Portland 's communities of color , which she perceives as intimately connected to crime , and in turn , to over-policing . “ You need to provide an economic uplift , ” she said . “ Education and jobs is what the kids need to stop the violence . ”
When I asked Reverend Haynes whether it was the police or underlying social issues that really needed reforming , he said , “ We do n't have the privilege to do one and then the other.… You ca n't get around the issues of economic development , of jobs , of a decent living wage , all of those major issues. ” But economic development will only happen if the community feels safe , he continued . “ When the crisis is such that your house is on fire , you have to put the fire out first . ”
* * *
Portland 's political leadership says it is committed to the reform process forced by the DOJ . Yet the city and the police union reject accusations of systemic bias . Sitting off to the side of the COAB board meeting was the president of the Portland Police Association , Daryl Turner , wearing a black polo shirt that showed the tattoos ringing his massive arms . In September , after the announcement of the settlement agreement , Turner called on the bureau 's critics “ to stop the negative , anti-police sentiment by highlighting the quality work done by every one of our members on a daily basis. ” As people mingled in the church basement awaiting the start of the meeting , he chatted with Raiford , who told him that an activist at a Do n't Shoot rally the night before had been arrested . “ Good experience for them , ” Turner joked . Later , Raiford whispered to me that he was one of the few officials she trusted , because he was a straight-talker .
The city has already started to chip away at the terms of the agreement . The federal judge who approved the settlement , Michael Simon , did so on the condition that officials and community members would appear before his court once a year to report on the bureau 's progress . In October , Mayor Charlie Hales , who serves as police commissioner , and three other members of the city council voted to appeal that order , challenging the judge 's oversight authority . Reverend Haynes and others went to City Hall in January to protest the appeal . “ They do n't want any unbiased , independent authority like a federal judge to review what they are doing , ” Haynes said at the demonstration . “ They want to keep it under their control in order to cover-up or not implement parts of the agreement . ”
As Portland State University professors Karen Gibson and Leanne Serbulo write in “ Black and Blue : Police-Community Relations in Portland 's Albina District , 1964–1985 , ” city leaders have long been complicit in racial injustices perpetrated by the Portland police and at best , unwilling to confront the police union . “ Given the lack of support from elected officials and the outright hostility from rank-and-file police officers , it is no wonder that Portland 's black community sought assistance from courts , the federal government , and even the United Nations , ” they write . “ Still , those external appeals fell far short of ensuring equal justice for black citizens in Portland. ” Though community leaders like Haynes are still cautiously optimistic about the settlement agreement , the signals that the city is sending about its commitment to change are troubling .
During the COAB meeting Raines leaned over and handed me a note . A few hours earlier , Thai Gurule had been acquitted of all charges . In her ruling , Judge Diana Stuart reprimanded the police for endangering the teen in “ a melee of fists and punches and bodies falling upon him , ” and for providing inaccurate testimony . The officers ' conduct , said the judge , was “ senseless and aggressive. ” The police chief had no comment on the ruling . So far , none of the officers involved has been disciplined .
by
After talks with Prime Minister David Cameron today , the members of 1980s boy band Take That have gone on record to urge public sector workers to call off tomorrow 's strike . Set to put an acceptable ageing boy band face to Government plans to curb all union activity , the middle aged crooners are seen as Cameron 's last hope in making them all shut up .
Tax evading multi-millionaire and band leader Gary Barlow explained to a crowd of public sector workers , ranging from firefighters to passport office workers , “ You must understand that there 's not enough money in the coffers to pay you all enough to live on . Not without me or my band mates paying some tax anyway , which we 're obviously not prepared to do because we 're special . You 're being lazy and unfair and you need to stop wandering round with placards like life owes you a subsistence living . ”
On a sterner note the designer stubbled crooner continued “ And you need n't think taking a sneaky day off to wave placards about is going to make any difference . You see Mark , Jason , Donald and I will actually pick up the slack and perform all of your roles in your absence . Not literally of course , but through music . And we 're going to perform a free concert for all those not taking part in the strike . It 's on Thursday and in the daytime so we 're hoping people will be at work so there wo n't be anyone there . ”
One council worker told us “ It 's a compelling argument and I 'd have called off the strike and gone to work if Robbie was still with them . But they 're shit without him so I 'll be striking . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRENTWOOD , MO ( KTVI ) - Brentwood authorities are asking for the public 's help in identifying a group of female shoplifters who assaulted an employee at a children 's clothing store .
Security video shows the incident as it unfolded at Carter 's children clothing store at The Promenade in Brentwood . The women entered the store roughly a minute apart from each other around 7:30 p.m. on Friday , March 4 .
Police said the suspects picked out more than two dozen pieces of baby clothing and headed for the door . Security video shows an employee unsuccessfully attempt to prevent the group from leaving . The trio is seen pushing the clerk outside the store , where police said she was sprayed with a chemical “ irritant . ”
The women dropped the clothing at the scene and fled . Employees can be seen on the surveillance video reentering the store with the merchandise .
The group of suspects was last seen leaving the scene in either a purple or maroon-colored sedan with Illinois license plates .
Anyone who can help identify the suspects should contact the Brentwood Police Department at 314-963-8669 .
Lightroom CC 2015.6.1 and Lightroom 6.6.1 are now available . The goal of this release is to provide additional camera raw support and address critical bugs that were introduced in previous releases of Lightroom .
Thank you for all your feedback and passion for Lightroom .
New Camera Support in Lightroom CC 2015.6.1 / 6.6.1
Fujifilm X-T2
Customer reported issues resolved
Installation Instructions
Please select Help > Updates to update to the latest version .
Give us feedback
Once you 've updated to the latest version of Lightroom , do n't forget to leave us feedback about your experiences . Lightroom would n't be what it is today without our passionate and loyal customers around the world . Giving us regular feedback helps us to find and fix issues that we may otherwise not know about . We are listening .
Here are a few ways that you can send us feedback :
Report bugs and suggest features
Discuss workflow and get help with how-to questions or basic troubleshooting
Thanks !
Paul Pierce has a sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee , but the injury is not expected to keep him from playing in Game 6 against the Atlanta Hawks , the Celtics announced Thursday .
Pierce injured the knee in shootaround prior to Game 4 , when he went off for 24 points in less than 17 minutes . He seemed to lack lift on his jump shot after tweaking the knee in Game 5 , although he hit a 3-pointer to bring the Celtics within a point before airballing a shot that would have given the Celtics the lead .
Avery Bradley has a strained left rotation cuff and also is expected to play , the team announced .
Have a question for Ben Watanabe ? Send it to him via Twitter at @ BenjeeBallgame or send it here .
Re : Another Jewish NBA owner makes controversial race comments ... Quote : GoodEuropean Originally Posted by Ha ! It 's a hard life being a Jew ...
This is so sweet though . These jews have paid blacks hundreds of millions of dollars in sports and entertainment careers and to groups like the NAACP and now , they are getting the race card played on them because that is just what blacks do . The toxic cultural Marxism was sold to the public by the jew media and now , it 's coming back to burn them now that they basically have a monopoly on sports , entertainment , banking , media , etc .
The jew , most definitely , is `` the man . '' Dual-citizen Israeli zionists are running the show . All the problems of blacks are directly the responsibility of these jews with their plantation mentalities now .
The jews have made these horrible thought crime conditions where free speech and common sense and normal talk is now a hate crime and criminal act if anyone of their special groups is offended . If Mark Cuban and Donald Sterling are ever attacked , it is their own fault . Just like with Max Kellerman . It 's a life of privilege.This is so sweet though . These jews have paid blacks hundreds of millions of dollars in sports and entertainment careers and to groups like the NAACP and now , they are getting the race card played on them because that is just what blacks do . The toxic cultural Marxism was sold to the public by the jew media and now , it 's coming back to burn them now that they basically have a monopoly on sports , entertainment , banking , media , etc.The jew , most definitely , is `` the man . '' Dual-citizen Israeli zionists are running the show . All the problems of blacks are directly the responsibility of these jews with their plantation mentalities now.The jews have made these horrible thought crime conditions where free speech and common sense and normal talk is now a hate crime and criminal act if anyone of their special groups is offended . If Mark Cuban and Donald Sterling are ever attacked , it is their own fault . Just like with Max Kellerman .
Bayonets , NOT Bailouts ! ! !
Bankers Are The New Terrorists
https : //www.instagram.com/bavarian.beauties/ ? hl=en
https : //vk.com/aryangirls
http : //beautifulredheadoftheday.tumblr.com/archive Bankers Are The New Terrorists __________________
Abstract
In the hippocampus , brain-derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) regulates a number of synaptic components . Among these are nicotinic acetylcholine receptors containing alpha7 subunits ( alpha7-nAChRs ) , which are interesting because of their relative abundance in the hippocampus and their high relative calcium permeability . We show here that BDNF elevates surface and intracellular pools of alpha7-nAChRs on cultured hippocampal neurons and that glutamatergic activity is both necessary and sufficient for the effect . Blocking transmission through NMDA receptors with APV blocked the BDNF effect ; increasing spontaneous excitatory activity with the GABA ( A ) receptor antagonist bicuculline replicated the BDNF effect . BDNF antibodies blocked the BDNF-mediated increase but not the bicuculline one , consistent with enhanced glutamatergic activity acting downstream from BDNF . Increased alpha7-nAChR clusters were most prominent on interneuron subtypes known to directly innervate excitatory neurons . The results suggest that BDNF , acting through glutamatergic transmission , can modulate hippocampal output in part by controlling alpha7-nAChR levels .
In Washington , President Barack Obama has issued a Presidential Memorandum that all federal car fleets must buy only 100 % alternative fuel vehicles by the end of 2015 . The memo included issues such as vehicle size , engine size , optional equipment , and optimum fleet size as well as leveraging purchasing dollars “ to build manufacturing capacity for more alternative fueled vehicles . ”
The National Biodiesel Board “ applauded the White House 's directive , ordering the federal government to move toward alternative-fuel vehicles , pointing out biodiesel 's unique position as a widely available advanced biofuel that significantly reduces emissions and can be used in existing vehicles . ”
Chris Thorne of Growth Energy added : “ This demonstrates the Administration 's consistent commitment to reducing our dependence on foreign oil by promoting the use of domestically-produced alternative fuels like ethanol in the federal automotive fleet . Ethanol is the most affordable alternative to oil , and is the only commercially-viable alternative we have to oil today . ”
People who are familiar with former senator Rick Santorum ‘ s conservative stances on social issues would not be surprised that the 2016 hopeful is not pleased with the Supreme Court 's gay marriage ruling . Santorum took his opinions to the Family Research Council 's Washington Watch , where he colorfully lamented that “ religious liberty is under assault today . ”
“ Justice Kennedy said the only reason that any could oppose gay marriage is because they hated gays and lesbians , which almost stops you in your tracks , ” Santorum said . The 2016 hopeful then went on to say that changes in culture have resulted in the change of laws and words , and that Kennedy 's swing vote could have cataclysmic consequences by re-defining marriage .
“ A 5-4 decision is going to try to affect the basic foundation of America , and frankly , now , with America leading the way , potentially disrupting the foundation of the world . ”
When Tony Perkins asked about what will happen in the ruling 's aftermath , Santorum worried that religious institutions could lose their tax exempt status and faced a fight against those who wanted to “ silence any disagreement ” :
“ Now that this is the law of the land , the question is going to be whether we are going to allow people to actually dissent on this or whether if they are going to be treated as the proponents of this position have advocated : this is a civil rights position and if you oppose this you 're the equivalent a racist back in the 50s and 60s . ”
Well , that 's another one for the list .
You can listen to Santorum 's segment here :
[ h/t Buzzfeed ]
[ Image via Screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Ken Meyer ( @ KenMeyer91 ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
