Russia is striving to restore the Soviet Union and `` eliminate '' Ukraine , the country 's prime minister declared today , exposing a rift within the Kiev government over the wisdom of a ceasefire agreement .
Arseniy Yatsenyuk , the Ukrainian prime minister , said that his nation stood in the path of Moscow 's supposed ambition to topple the `` global order '' and rebuild the Soviet Union .
Arseniy Yatsenyuk described the truce as just a `` first step '' to `` stop a massacre '' in eastern Ukraine ( Getty )
But the young and stridently nationalistic prime minister differed sharply from his superior , President Petro Poroshenko . The two men at the apex of Ukraine 's government disagree over the ultimate questions of how to bring peace and how to deal with President Vladimir Putin .
Mr Poroshenko has allowed direct talks with Russia and the rebels who control the eastern cities of Donetsk and Luhansk .
The outcome was the Minsk ceasefire protocol of September 5 , which the president hailed on Friday as an `` optimistic '' moment that could bring `` peace and security '' .
Mr Yatsenyuk , by contrast , described the ceasefire agreement as merely a `` pause '' that would allow time to `` regroup '' . He also opposed holding any bilateral negotiations with Russia , saying that America and the European Union should be present at any meeting to strengthen Ukraine 's bargaining power .
The Ukrainian president must now grapple with the political challenge of implementing the Minsk agreement . In the process , he is likely to encounter the opposition of his ambitious prime minister .
Mr Yatsenyuk , 40 , was a prime mover behind the popular revolution which toppled Ukraine 's last government in February . After becoming prime minister , he co-founded a new pro-European party , the Popular Front , and now describes himself as being at the helm of a `` wartime government '' .
Addressing a conference in Kiev today , Mr Yatsenyuk said : `` Let me put it bluntly : we are still in a state of war and the key aggressor is the Russian Federation . ''
As for Mr Putin 's objectives , the prime minister said : `` His aim is not just to take Donetsk and Luhansk . His goal is to take the entire Ukraine . He can not cope with an idea that Ukraine would be a part of the EU family . He wants to restore the Soviet Union . ''
Mr Yatsenyuk remembered how in 2007 Mr Putin described the Soviet Union 's demise as the `` biggest disaster of the last century '' . This showed that the `` biggest success of President Putin would be the restoration of the Soviet Union '' .
Stage one of Mr Putin 's plan for a new Russian Imperium had been the annexation of Crimea in March , said Mr Yatsenyuk . Stage two was the pro-Russian rebellion now taking place in eastern Ukraine .
Stage three would be for Russian troops to seize a `` corridor '' across Ukraine linking the rebel-held cities with the breakaway republic of Transnistria in Moldova . `` In the fourth one , he wants to eliminate Ukraine as an independent country , '' added Mr Yatsenyuk .
Faced with this `` aggressor '' , the prime minister argued that Ukraine should not hold any bilateral negotiations with the Kremlin . `` We are not so strong to have bilateral talks and to get a bilateral deal with Russia , '' said Mr Yatsenyuk . `` They will outplay us : that 's what they expected , that 's what they want to do . ''
Instead , he recalled a summit in Geneva five months ago when Ukraine 's foreign minister met his Russian counterpart alongside the representatives of America and the EU , thereby strengthening Kiev 's position . `` The idea of having the peaceful solution is a valid one , but to execute and implement this idea we need to have sitting at the table the US and the EU . We need to get some guarantees , '' said Mr Yatsenyuk . `` We need to have appropriate guarantees of Ukrainian sovereignty and independence . ''
Mr Poroshenko , by contrast , has met face-to-face with Mr Putin and allowed direct talks with the rebels . He views the resulting Minsk agreement as the route to peace . `` All the time I am an optimist - and I strongly believe that we will have a positive result in this negotiation . That 's why I so positively estimate our joint meeting in Minsk , '' said Mr Poroshenko on Friday .
But the prime minister contradicted this sanguine view on Saturday . Rather than being a step to a settlement , Mr Yatsenyuk said the `` idea '' of the Minsk agreement was to halt a `` massacre '' and `` just to get a pause , to regroup '' . He added : `` I would be happy to have peace in my country . But the question is the price for this peace . ''
The war in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk has claimed at least 3,000 lives since April . Last month , Russia sent at least 3,000 troops over the border into Ukraine , supported by tanks and heavy artillery , according to Nato . This intervention halted a Ukrainian military offensive and probably saved the rebels from defeat .
Mr Yatsenyuk 's words suggest that he sees the ceasefire as a tactical manoeuvre to allow Ukraine 's army a breathing space before it resumes a bid to retake the east by force .
The biggest concession that Mr Poroshenko made at Minsk concerned the future status of Donetsk and Luhansk . Point three of the ceasefire agreement obliges Kiev to pass a law giving both regions greater autonomy and a `` special status '' within Ukraine .
The necessary Bill will go before Ukraine 's parliament this week . Many MPs will bitterly oppose this measure , fearing that it could be a prelude to the break-up of Ukraine .
However , Mr Poroshenko insisted that he had signed nothing that threatened the `` territorial sovereign integrity of my country '' . One vital question will be whether Mr Yatsenyuk tacitly encourages a parliamentary rebellion against his own government 's peace plan .
Mr Poroshenko argues that he has extracted key concessions from the Kremlin . In particular , the border between Ukraine and Russia is supposed to be monitored by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe in order to prevent Moscow from sending any more troops or weapons . In addition , all `` illegal armed groups '' should leave Ukraine .
Yet neither of these steps has been taken and the ceasefire has often been broken .
America and the EU tightened their sanctions on Friday , restricting the ability of Russian banks , energy and defence companies to raise funds .
German Gref , the president of Sberbank , the biggest Russian bank , admitted that these measures were having an impact even beyond the letter of the sanctions . `` It 's impossible to attract three-month and 30-day financing , '' he said . `` The situation is now much worse than spelt out in the sanctions . ''
However , the fact that Russia 's economy is under pressure will not reduce the controversy in Ukraine over the painful concessions made by Mr Poroshenko .
His chosen negotiator in Minsk was a former Ukrainian president , Leonid Kuchma , who served between 1994 and 2005 .
Mr Kuchma , 76 , offered a sense of how tense the talks had been . `` Will I become part of history as a peacemaker or as someone who sat at the negotiating table with terrorists and separatists ? '' he asked . `` The situation depends on two people : God and Putin . God does n't exist , so that leaves Putin . ''
New : Fighting rages in Donetsk despite ceasefire
Spoiler : Verification Last commit to SpigotMC/Spigot : 25b4191f0ff904b2c413f16a09a156f7973221b4
Build # 1649 ( 1.7 to 1.8 protocol , based on 1.7.10 ) : f2edc09c45b1f80237602dc0d1b05969
Build # 1627 ( 1.7.10 ) : 4cced3f71de1bf4c6caccd74e1186f35
Build # 1543 ( 1.7.9 ) : 291669acb4eb8626e0341a988a6ee1e3
Build # 1433 ( 1.7.8 ) : 7e2e6bb626013368b134212a5ec76aa1
Build # 1387 ( 1.7.8 protocol , based on 1.7.5 ) : 76ad1a9809a014d3adc70ad39fb8e610
Build # 1371 ( 1.7.5 ) : a20dcdaf01017fbd4203f9595c813110
Build # 1339 ( 1.7.2 ) : 6685f2f76bf77e4db785fb32edbd313c
In order to verify any git repository downloads , the current HEAD should match the sha1sum provided . This can be verified with the “ git rev-parse HEAD ” command . For all other jar downloads , the md5 checksum of the jar should match that provided . This can be verified with the “ md5sum ” command on Linux .
Obviously with the removal of many of our resources , there is going to be all sorts of stuff floating around on the internet . As such we would like to provide some verification of several crucial items provided by our project in the hopes that server owners will be safe , should they manage to find alternate download sources .
Ramallah , occupied West Bank - Palestinian officials have slammed the latest Israeli authorisation to build more than 200 new settler houses in the occupied West Bank , including East Jerusalem , as a `` war crime '' that serves to `` destroy the prospects of two independent states living side by side in peace and security '' .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said : `` The latest approval of settlement construction , and the significant increase in Israeli settlement activity during 2016 , should serve as a reminder to the international community of its responsibility to put an end to such crimes . ''
Israeli authorities have denied giving the green light to new construction . `` Almost all of the permits are for upgrading existing structures , '' said a statement by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's media adviser .
Anat Ben Nun , director of international relations for Peace Now , an Israeli settlement watchdog , said , however , that so far this year , `` the vast majority of settlements units are new , not retroactively approved '' .
`` This is a dangerous step given the current violence and security situation , '' Ben Nun told Al Jazeera . `` The area is very sensitive and any approvals are risking to shake a very fragile reality . ''
READ MORE : Israel tears down seven Palestinian homes in 24 hours
A Palestinian armed with an axe attacked an Israeli soldier in the occupied West Bank and was shot dead on Thursday , the Israeli army said , ending a three-week lull in deadly incidents .
An army statement did not specify whether the soldier was wounded in the attack , which occurred near the al-Arroub refugee camp between Hebron and Bethlehem .
The incident was the latest in a seven-month wave of violence . More than 200 Palestinians have been killed and at least 33 Israelis and foreign nationals have died .
Peace Now has recently warned that authorities plan to quadruple the number of settlement projects compared with the same period in 2015 . The group said until March of this year , plans for 674 housing units were pushed forward - compared with 194 units in the same period last year .
In 2015 , plans to build 1,665 new housing units were approved - more than a 1,000 of them initially built without government authorisation , but retroactively legalised , according to the group . This was much lower than 2014 's figures , which showed that about 8,600 new housing units were promoted .
For almost two years , Israel said it would not advance new settlement building plans , but some observers say the informal construction freeze was never implemented on the ground .
`` Even though the numbers approved in 2015 were substantially lower , it was still not a settlement freeze , '' Ben Nun said . `` There were still many plans being approved . It was not a real freeze . ''
Daniel Seidemann , an Israeli lawyer and settlement expert , also said he believes there was never a real construction freeze in 2015 .
READ MORE : Palestinian father seeks justice for slain son
`` The latest numbers indicate a resumption of intense settlement activity , '' he told Al Jazeera . `` There was a lull at some point , but building never really stopped . ''
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has been pushing for a UN resolution to condemn settlement activity , and officials have begun circulating a draft to that effect .
`` This increases the sense of urgency for a solution , '' Seidemann said . `` A two-state solution depends on how many settlers can be moved over the border . That number is going up by 5,000 to 10,000 every year , which is huge . ''
Follow Dalia Hatuqa on Twitter : @ DaliaHatuqa
Markets Insider Bitcoin is trading in record territory , up 6 % at $ 2,848 a coin , propelled by heavy buying from China and Japan , according to Newsbtc .
Tuesday 's advance has the cryptocurrency higher for the 33rd time in 38 days . It has rallied about 144 % during that time .
Recent buying has come on the heels of China 's three biggest exchanges resuming withdrawals last week for the first time since February and Japan naming bitcoin a legal payment method back in early April . Additionally , Russia 's largest online retailer began accepting bitcoin even though has Russia said it would n't consider the use of the cryptocurrency until 2018 .
However , there remains one big unknown . Back in March , the US Securities and Exchange Commission rejected two bitcoin exchange-traded funds . It has since taken public comment on its decision regarding an ETF started by the Winklevoss twins , but it has not made an additional ruling .
Bitcoin is up 200 % in 2017 .
Hey everyone , I hope you 're all doing well ! VR Philly 's next meetup will take place on March 25th from 6-9 PM at the Drexel URBN Center , Room 125 . This venue should provide much easier parking and even greater space . As you may or may not know , GDC 2015 is happening next week , and virtual reality is set to have a huge presence there . Therefore , we 'll be holding a discussion about all of the news of GDC at the meetup . Also , a company called Tactical Haptics will be joining us to show off their haptic feedback technology , as well as the founder of PixelRouter VR , James Andrew , who will be talking about developing experiences for the Gear VR . And of course , there will be plenty of demos ( DK2 , Leap Motion , Gear VR ) that you will be able to experience . We hope you 're as excited as we are ! Feel free to bring any virtual reality hardware that you own . The closest train station to the URBN Center is 34th Street Station , or 30th Street Station for the West Trenton Line . The event is free , and all that we ask is that all attendees have a photo ID with them . We 'll see you all on the 25th !
Tactical Haptics was founded by Dr. William Provancher in 2013 . The objective of this company is to commercialize Reactive Grip™ touch feedback , which was originally developed in Provancher 's University of Utah research lab , the Haptics and Embedded Mechatronics Laboratory ( http : //heml.eng.utah.edu/index.php/Haptics/HomePage ) . The company 's initial focus is on commercializing the use of Reactive Grip™ Tactile Shear Feedback for virtual reality and gaming , though the technology also has applications in the simulation/training and medical domains . The company is based in the California Bay Area .
Website ( http : //www.tacticalhaptics.com )
James Andrew - VR Gaming Pioneer . Founder of PixelRouter VR . Creator of Exploration on an Infinite Plane as well as Rift Wars for the DK1 using Image-Based Lighting in Unity . He 's currently developing Z0NE , a VR arcade game for the DK2 , Gear VR , Google Cardboard , and Sony Morpheus .
Website ( http : //www.pixelrouter.com )
Democrats on the House Committee on Science , Space , and Technology are asking for hearings about the executive branches ' cyber vulnerabilities .
Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D-Texas ) , the committee 's ranking member , and two other Democrats wrote a letter to Republican committee leaders on Thursday asking to probe cyber issues in President Trump 's White House .
They cited the massive amount of media and congressional scrutiny of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE 's use of a private email server as a precedent for their request .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are writing to inform the Committee of further opportunities to investigate Executive Branch cybersecurity issues that have been of intense interest to you in the past , ” Reps. Johnson , Don Beyer ( D-Va. ) , and Dan Lipinski ( D-Ill. ) wrote in the letter .
They accused the new administration of showing a “ shocking disregard for cybersecurity practices , ” pointing to news reports that senior Trump administrative staffers had active accounts on a Republican National Committee server and revelations that President Trump 's @ POTUS Twitter account was linked to an unsecured Gmail account .
They also expressed concern over Trump 's use of an unsecured “ outdated Android phone , ” which he is reportedly still using .
“ Foreign intelligence services , or even an unsophisticated hacker , could easily exploit either of these phones , ” they wrote .
“ Given your previous investigations of cybersecurity practices at multiple Federal agencies , including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) and Federal Reserve Board , and with respect to former Secretary Clinton 's private email server , we trust you will be equally concerned with any and all careless cybersecurity practices of the Trump Administration , ” the Democrats wrote .
The letter was sent to Reps. Lamar Smith ( R-Texas ) , the committee 's chairman , and subcommittee chairs Darin Lahood ( R-Ill. ) , and Barbara Comstock ( R-Va. ) .
The request comes amid heightened concern about cyber vulnerabilities in the wake of Russia 's alleged hacking of systems used by the Democratic National Committee and John Podesta , Hillary Clinton 's former presidential campaign chair . The subcommittee led by Comstock has scheduled a hearing next Tuesday on strengthening U.S. cyber capabilities .
In the past few weeks Fox News has been on an all-consuming rant that defies logic and insults the intelligence of the American people . On an almost 24/7 basis , Fox has broadcast hundreds of false and disparaging reports with little substance and zero evidence . And all of this to vilify a respected man who has given much to his country .
Ben Gazzara was an actor best known for the 1960 's TV series “ Run for Your Life. ” He was also acclaimed in films such as “ Husbands , ” “ Saint Jack , ” and “ They All Laughed. ” He made 38 movies and worked with many of Hollywood 's biggest stars and directors . He was honored by prestigious nominations for Emmys and Golden Globes . He originated the role of Brick Pollitt in the Broadway production of “ Cat On A Hot Tin Roof. ” Gazzara passed away earlier this year of pancreatic cancer .
This makes it all the more curious why Fox News would embark on shrill campaign to stain the memory of this beloved American icon . They have featured hundreds of stories alleging malfeasance , deceit , and even treason . The reports were all aired amidst a backdrop of riots , terrorism , and flaming ruins . Somehow Fox even managed to persuade public figures ( politicians , pundits , retired military , etc . ) to appear and contribute to the smear campaign .
What could possible have driven Fox to attack this fine man so mercilessly/ It is disgraceful and unwarranted and… ..
Apparently there has been a small misunderstanding . It seems that Fox News has been reporting on the Libyan town of Benghazi , not actor Ben Gazzara . So… .. Never mind .
Actually , there are still some relevant insights in the commentary above . In fact , the entire first paragraph of this article applies perfectly to Fox 's irresponsible reporting on Benghazi . Let 's read it again :
In the past few weeks Fox News has been on an all-consuming rant that defies logic and insults the intelligence of the American people . On an almost 24/7 basis , Fox has broadcast hundreds of false and disparaging reports with little substance and zero evidence . And all of this to vilify a respected man who has given much to his country .
Alone in the media , Fox is trying to elevate a tragic , isolated event into a scandal of gargantuan proportions . They have devoted an inordinate amount of airtime to a story that lacks sufficient facts to draw a conclusion . And then Fox gets pissy because other media is n't foolish enough to run the same phony story . What 's worse , Fox has shamelessly politicized the tragedy in order to damage President Obama in the midst of the closing days of a heated campaign . The families of the victims have spoken out explicitly requesting that their sorrows not be exploited for political gain :
Ambassador Chris Stevens ' father : “ It would really be abhorrent to make this into a campaign issue . ”
Navy SEAL Glen Doherty 's mother : “ He should n't make my son 's death part of his political agenda . ”
Nevertheless , Fox News has jumped on every particle of news no matter how diaphanous . They sensationalize the most specious reports as if they were confirmed as fact . As an example , they trumpeted the release of State Department cables that referenced claims that Al Qaeda had taken responsibility for the Benghazi attacks . However , those cables were never meant to confirm such claims . They were merely reporting an uncorroborated Facebook posting that was later refuted by other agents of Al Qaeda . But for Fox , any nutty assertion on the Internet is golden and true , so long as it reflects badly on President Obama .
Another example is a report by Ed Klein , a thoroughly discredited Obama-hater who writes for the birther web site WorldNetDaily . Fox Nation featured the story this morning . Klein asserts that Hillary Clinton asked Obama for more security , and Obama said no .
There is not a single nugget of truth anywhere in the story . Klein claims that his source is a legal counsel to Sec . Clinton . Think about that claim . Klein expects us to believe that a representative of Clinton would give sensitive information to a known Obama adversary . Even more unbelievable , it is a legal representative who has ethical obligations not to disclose private information . So this source , according to Klein , has jeopardized not only his allegiance to his boss , but his future in the practice of law . It 's fair to say that this source , in all likelihood , does not exist .
Klein is notorious for making wildly absurd claims without any substantiation . His sources are never revealed or corroborated . Consequently , his writings are nothing more than fables by an overtly partisan , proven liar .
Unfortunately , we will probably have to endure continued false reporting from Fox as they brazenly exploit dead Americans in their effort to help push Romney into the White House . But I would bet that after the election , Fox will suddenly fail to find anything newsworthy about Benghazi – or Fast and Furious , or Solyndra , or any of the other fabricated controversies they have been slinging . The veracity of their reporting on Benghazi is just as blatantly untrue as if it were about Ben Gazzara ( R.I.P ) .
Update : The brilliant Stephen Colbert has perfectly framed the absurdity of how Fox is handling this non-story :
We 're making changes to OneDrive storage plans for consumers and are committed to making this transition as smooth as possible .
Since we started to roll out unlimited cloud storage to Office 365 consumer subscribers , a small number of users backed up numerous PCs and stored entire movie collections and DVR recordings . In some instances , this exceeded 75 TB per user or 14,000 times the average . Instead of focusing on extreme backup scenarios , we want to remain focused on delivering high-value productivity and collaboration experiences that benefit the majority of OneDrive users .
Here are the changes :
We 're no longer planning to offer unlimited storage to Office 365 Home , Personal , or University subscribers . Starting now , those subscriptions will include 1 TB of OneDrive storage .
100 GB and 200 GB paid plans are going away as an option for new users and will be replaced with a 50 GB plan for $ 1.99 per month in early 2016 .
Free OneDrive storage will decrease from 15 GB to 5 GB for all users , current and new . The 15 GB camera roll storage bonus will also be discontinued . These changes will start rolling out in early 2016 .
We 're taking the following steps to make this transition as easy as possible for customers :
If you are an Office 365 consumer subscriber and have stored in excess of 1 TB , you will be notified of this change and will be able to keep your increased storage for at least 12 months .
If you are an Office 365 consumer subscriber and find that Office 365 no longer meets your needs , a pro-rated refund will be given . Click here to learn more .
If you are using more than 5 GB of free storage , you will continue to have access to all files for at least 12 months after these changes go into effect in early 2016 . In addition , you can redeem a free one-year Office 365 Personal subscription ( credit card required ) , which includes 1 TB of OneDrive storage .
Current customers of standalone OneDrive storage plans ( such as a 100 or 200 GB plans ) are not affected by these changes .
OneDrive has always been designed to be more than basic file storage and backup . These changes are needed to ensure that we can continue to deliver a collaborative , connected , and intelligent service . They will allow us to continue to innovate and make OneDrive the best option for people who want to be productive and do more .
Additional information can be found at the FAQs , and we will continue to update it throughout the transition .
—The OneDrive Team
Once Gov . Tom Wolf presented his budget proposal , my excellent staff started analyzing .
That 's what they do : They take information and , once they 've reported the basic facts , they dig around to see what other relevant information they can find to share with you , the reader .
In this case , staff reporter Michael Sadowski took a look at how Wolf 's tax proposals compared with the tax rates in other states . It 's a fact-based look at the changes Wolf 's suggesting , particularly for the corporate net income tax , which Wolf wants to drop from 9.99 percent ( the highest of our peer group ) to 5.99 percent to 2015 , then to 4.99 percent in 2016 .
I urge you to look at the comparisons as you make your decision on whether you support these business tax sections of Wolf 's proposal . In many cases , I found myself murmuring , `` Hmmmm , interesting , '' as I read through the information . I hope you 'll find it just as enlightening .
Government this week
It 's going to be fairly quiet this week around the Capitol , as the Senate is out of session and only a few House committees are meeting . Here 's a look at the committee schedule , and here 's a look at the schedule for next week for the full General Assembly .
Berlin has become the first city in Germany in which rent-control legislation has come into force in a bid to put the brakes on some of the fastest rising rents in Europe .
From Monday , landlords in the capital will be barred from increasing rents by more than 10 % above the local average . Such controls were already in place for existing tenants but have now been extended to new contracts .
Germany to impose rent-rise caps on inner-city properties Read more
“ The rent ceiling is very important for Berlin because the difference between the rent paid in existing contracts and new contracts is so high , ” said Reiner Wild , managing director of the Berlin Tenants ' Association . “ The other problem is that we have 40,000 more inhabitants per year . Because of this situation the housing market is very strong . ”
Berlin is pioneering the rent cap after the national parliament approved the law , aimed at areas with housing shortages , in March . Berliners say flat-hunting is becoming increasingly competitive .
“ We were looking for the best part of a year , ” said Vlasis Tritakis , a student . He , his partner Sofia and their 18-month-old son moved out of a flat-share into a one-bedroomed apartment in the district of Kreuzberg in April .
But sooner or later they will have to find a place big enough for his son to have a room of his own . They say they do n't stand much of a chance against competition from potential tenants with better finances . “ I do n't know how we will do it , ” said Tritakis .
Although rents are still low compared with other European capitals , Wild says it is vital to keep the city affordable for lower-income residents . “ We do n't want a situation like in London or Paris , ” said Wild . “ The reality in Paris or London is that people with low income have to live in the further-out districts of the city . ”
Berlin 's housing bubble and the backlash against hipster tourists | Jochen Hung Read more
Wild said his organisation would like to see more action taken to address the problem , including the building of more affordable housing .
Kerstine Appunn and her boyfriend took three and a half months to land a spacious two-bedroomed flat in Prenzlauer Berg , one of Berlin 's pricier inner-city districts , where organic cafes populate the pretty , tree-lined streets .
“ I heard that it was quite good going to find somewhere you really like without making too many compromises in such a short time , and in such a nice area , ” Appunn , a journalist , said . “ But I guess we are paying for it . It is quite expensive for Berlin . ”
Average rents in the German capital rose from just over €5.50 ( £3.60 ) a square metre in 2005 to close to €9 last year , according to a report by property services company Jones Lang LaSalle . Between 2013 and 2014 , rents went up by more than 9 % .
Lance Anderson , a translator , arrived from the UK in 1998 . He moved into a two-bed flat close to Potsdamer Platz , in the heart of the city , six years ago , before “ things went crazy ” in terms of rent rises .
Unaffordable cities : Berlin the renters ' haven hit by green fog of eco-scams Read more
“ I used to be able to pay my rent for the whole month just by working one shift as a waiter , ” he said of his housing situation in 2003 , when he lived in a shared flat in a now very desirable neighbourhood on the eastern edge of Kreuzberg .
He conceded that the flat was heated with coal stoves and said it was directly above a flat that a neighbouring tenant rented just for his dogs . But Anderson also says Berlin 's much-bemoaned gentrification has had its benefits : better places to eat out ; more diverse , international communities ; and the pleasant feeling of living in a lively , populated city .
But he says it is difficult to adjust to the rapid rise in rents in a city where wages are still low . “ All my friends who have been in the city a long time have old leases – we know we can not afford to move , ” Anderson said .
“ We are stuck in our flats , kind of like polar bears on our little ice sheets . It sounds like a privileged position to complain about , but for example for couples wanting to move in together – it 's like : ‘ Well , can we really afford to ? ' ”
• This article was amended on Wednesday 3 June 2015 to correct a misspelling of “ brakes ” in the opening paragraph .
After getting to work in April , we figured your Sims could use even more Zen – and what 's more relaxing than a luxurious spa ? The Sims 4 Spa Day Game Pack * is coming later this month !
As you might expect , The Sims 4 Spa Day includes a new type of venue , the Spa . When you get the pack , three new Maxis-made Spas and a new gym will be added to your My Library , to be placed wherever you want . They come in various shapes and sizes , so you can find the Spa that best suits your personality ( or , of course , you can make your own ) .
Once at the Spa , Sims can hang out ( and WooHoo ! ) in a sauna or get a relaxing massage . There are a number of fun new interactive objects for your Sims to enjoy in the Spa , from the massage chair to the mud bath , which we will reveal more about soon . But that 's not all that 's included in the game pack .
Your Sims can also build Wellness skill by giving massages , doing Yoga , and Meditating . The more they take part in these new activities , the better they 'll get at each . Higher Wellness means new Yoga poses , the ability to give superior Massages , and a special Meditation surprise that we do n't want to spoil for you !
Anonymous sources have confirmed to TechCrunch that Skully co-founders Marcus and Mitch Weller have been kicked out of the company by investors . Marcus served as CEO of Skully while his brother Mitch served as chief of staff and provided business operations , product management , and material logistics support to the company .
Skully jumped into the tech scene two years ago after a highly successful Indiegogo campaign for the company 's augmented reality motorcycle helmet that lets riders see traffic behind them . The device also allows wearers to play music , receive directions and check weather information , hands-free .
The founders have been on a different page than investors regarding the future of the company for quite some time , according to a source close to the matter .
Both Marcus and Mitch are on the Skully board of directors along with Victor Westerlind from Intel Capital and Nicholas Brathwaite from Walden Riverwood Ventures .
Skully has sold thousands of its heads-up display helmets so far but has been troubled with shipping delays . One source we spoke to told us that Skully has only shipped 20 helmets so far , which conflicts with another source who said it was more than that but under 100 .
Part of that may have been due to a manufacturer issue , which held up production and is a common scenario with hardware startups .
Reports are conflated regarding cash flow with some saying that the founders are running out of capital .
Rumors have also come to light that the company was simultaneously trying to sell itself and raise a Series B .
One source told us that the last straw for Marcus appears to have been a botched acquisition by LeSports , a subsidiary of Chinese company LeEco – though another source said it was unclear who was responsible .
This source also told TechCrunch Skully talent has slowly been poached without direction from the management team . Tesla lured away the company 's head of engineering in May .
Marcus ' loyalty to his brother may have ultimately cost him the position . Marcus had been under investor pressure to remove Mitch but did not take action , according to a source .
Martin Fichter , the current chief operating officer , will be taking over as acting CEO . Martin was previously on the executive team at HTC America . Fichter joined Skully in February and has been heavily involved in providing direction for the company .
Skully has raised $ 14.95 million from two investments and an Indiegogo campaign over the last two years .
A little over a week ago I set out from Jameson Memorial , bound for Colonia . As I write this I 'm about 350ly from Eagle 's Landing , midway down the Colonia Highway . I decided to break up the long 22,000ly trip by trying to find some geysers and/or fumaroles ; I 'd never seen one in game , since they were added with The Guardians 2.2 . I scoured the internets ( well , the official forums and Reddit ) , looking for information on how and where to find them . There 's a wealth of it , but after a full week of searching , and countless hours of flying in canyons , I had n't yet spotted one . Then , it finally happened , and I nearly cried .
Seriously . At this point I was pretty convinced that I was either blind , doing it wrong , or they were n't actually in the game . After posting about my woes on the official forums , I was given a few more tips and a lot of encouragement , so I put on my big boy pants and tried again .
The first tip I was given was to choose the right planet : Rocky or Rocky Ice with a radius of less than 500km . While the one I ended up choosing was slight larger than the recommended size , it was the first Rocky planet with active Vulcanism that I 'd come across in a while , so I gave it a go .
Once I 'd found a good candidate planet , it was time to choose a search area . The official forums and Reddit all advise looking for deep canyons , among other low land places , though you 're supposed to avoid craters unless a canyon runs through them . You can see in the image above that I chose an area with some canyons running through impact craters ; this meant the canyons were pretty deep .
From orbit it looked pretty perfect ; a whole series of canyons , visibly deeper than the surrounding impact craters . It was a big search area , so I had my work cut out for me . I had n't had any luck flying between 2k – 4k above the deck , looking for sensors contacts , so I decided this time I 'd drop down in the canyons like I was hunting womp rats . I had probably been zooming around the canyon floor for a half hour when it finally happened : GEYSER SIGN !
I was pretty close to giving up on this site , at this point . I 'd promised myself if there was nothing around the next bend , I 'd jump to out and look for a system with a smaller , rocky planet . Then I rounded the bend and my heart stopped . Were those puffy , white clouds ! ? Yes , indeed they were ! I 'd found Silicate Vapor Geysers !
Every one to test theories , I decided to get up above 2k to see at what point these geysers would appear on sensors . As you can see by the tiny red dot on the scope , indicated by the red arrow , these geysers were visible long before they appeared on sensors .
I do n't have any other experience with geyser fields , so I do n't have a basis for comparison , but this one looks pretty big . Here 's a shot of my kitted Asp Explorer , in among the geysers , for scale .
They really do look huge next to the SRV . There were also a lot of rare materials growing in crystal formations on the edges of the vents . I put together a video of finding and driving among the geysers . I honestly think this will go down as one of the most memorable experiences I 've ever had in any game . Enjoy the show .
To put it bluntly , the westward drive on U.S. Route 33 from Columbus , Ohio can be a rather boring trip that winds through fields of corn . But if you glimpsed onto the shoulder of Route 33 this month , you might have seen construction workers digging trenches . In those trenches , they were laying thick orange fiber optic cables . It turns out that this unassuming state highway will soon become a testing ground for some of the world 's most advanced car technology .
When finished , the 35-mile stretch from Columbus west to East Liberty , Ohio , should be longest “ autonomous-ready ” highway in the country . The road is being lined in fiber-optic cable to allow sensors along the highway to communicate with autonomous cars , using the wifi connection to inform the connected cars about upcoming traffic , weather changes , road conditions , and accidents . The sensors and fiber connection will be used for autonomous car testing along the route . They will also connect with government vehicles using short-range radio transmitters .
The $ 218 million project is intended to put central Ohio on the map for autonomous car testing and the future highway was born because a few towns along Route 33 had a very current-day problem : Their internet speeds were too slow .
The towns started to look into internet speed right as the Ohio government and the Transportation Research Center , the largest independent car testing facility in North America , started looking into expanding autonomous car testing . “ It 's serendipity , I guess , ” says Donna Goss , director of development in Dublin , Ohio to Inverse .
Suddenly , the sleepy towns of Marysville , Dublin , and Union County were able to apply for “ smart mobility ” grants in order to build modern internet infrastructure , as well as a smart highway . In practice , “ smart mobility ” is having cars that communicate with each other and things like traffic lights or turning lanes . The U.S. Department of Transportation , as well as the Ohio State Legislature , and Ohio State University award a million dollar grants for projects to implement these technologies .
The miles of orange cable are six inches in diameter and can support seven different fiber cables , Eric Phillips , CEO of Union County Economic Development Partnership , tells Inverse . Only one fiber cable is being inserted now , and it will have 432 strands of fiber to support the internet needs of the local communities and the connected highway . The sensors along the highway will use the fiber internet to help run communication between cars fitted with receivers and sensors along the route .
The 35 miles of fiber-optic cables that connect Columbus and the Transportation Research Center in East Liberty , Ohio are currently being installed . The conduit and snaked fiber will be completed by the end of August . The internet will be up and running by the early September , and sensors will be installed along the highway next year to make it fully operational , says Goss .
Next year , communications towers using Dedicated Short Range Communication , short-range radio transmitters , will be installed along the route every 600 meters . One of the grants for the project pays to install wireless communication devices in 600 vehicles , which Phillips says will likely be Ohio government vehicles or school buses . The cars wo n't be autonomous yet , but the communication between the cars and the connected infrastructure will start late summer 2018 . Traffic patterns on the highway that sees 50,000 vehicles a day , and reports on how cars react to accidents and weather conditions will be recorded . This will give vital information for autonomous car development .
Although this is on its way to be one of the most high tech highways in the country , route 33 is not particularly futuristic looking .
Last year , Columbus won the $ 50 million Smart City Challenge to transform the city to have infrastructure that can communicate with buses and cars retrofitted or specifically designed to receive information from lights or construction zones . This allows for road testing of autonomous cars in Columbus , as well as paving the way for the use of fully autonomous buses along route in the city .
Between the Smart City Grant , and the autonomous higghway , Columbus natives hope that the projects will reverse the “ brain drain ” Ohio has suffered for decades , as the region 's brightest left for job opportunities on the coasts .
Reversing brain drain takes doing something that is n't happening in the rest of the country , says Phillips . “ We 've got to innovate , we 've got to look for different ways , and [ smart mobility ] is an opportunity that a lot of people have n't taken advantage of , ” Phillips tells me . In the last 14 months he says his town has gone from having slow internet to being the focus a major development that he hopes will make Columbus a little more like Silicon Valley .
Honda is taking advantage , and is installing autonomous communication devices in 200 of the cars that are used by plant employees as they drive to work along Route 33 . People are hopeful it 's a sign companies will use the highway even before autonomous cars are on the streets . “ Automakers , they 're not in the automotive business anymore , they 're in the technology business – they 're competing with Google , ” Irene Alvarez , communications director for Columbus 2020 , the economic development group for the region tells Inverse .
The Honda Plant in Ohio .
Supporters of the project hope that Ohio can develop it 's own “ research triangle , ” to draw engineers back to the state . The situation is similar to the start of the Research Triangle in North Carolina , when IBM moved its research labs in to the Raleigh , Durham , and Chapel Hill area in the 1960 's . Today the Research Triangle area has 260 companies ; most focused on engineering and tech . Phillips thinks that with the smart mobility highway , and connected infrastructure projects Columbus is posed to become a hub for transportation of the future .
“ We wo n't be exporting engineers anymore ”
“ I really want this area to be the new Research Triangle for autonomous and connected vehicles , ” says Phillips . “ If we become the Silicon Valley of smart mobility , or IoT , or smart tech , we wo n't be exporting engineers anymore , they 'll want to come to Columbus. ” And Columbus is doing its best to have everything ready for the first test drive of a fully autonomous car . If Columbus is lucky , the future of transportation might make its first voyage on a quiet highway that meanders through the cornfields .
The hard-working folks who call this province home have long been proud of their “ can-do ” attitude and knack for getting things done .
So it is disturbing to learn Alberta has become a “ can't-do ” province when it comes to tackling some critical issues .
Alberta has been ranked a dismal sixth out of 10 provinces for its fiscal management in a survey by the Fraser Institute .
The news comes hot on the heels of a report card giving Alberta a D grade for its regulatory red tape , better only than Nova Scotia and the Northwest Territories .
Canada 's Red Tape Report , released by the Canadian Federation of Independent Business , said the total cost of government regulation to Alberta businesses grew to more than $ 4.6 billion in 2014 , up from $ 3.8 billion in 2005 .
Former premier Alison Redford failed to take the shears to our province 's red tape problem during her time in office and the Fraser Institute assessment was based on the performances of Canada 's premiers up to the 2013-2014 fiscal year , when Redford ran the show . Now it 's up to Premier Jim Prentice to carry the can .
He has already announced a new “ strategy ” to measure the impact of red tape on small business and find ways to reduce its burden and made it abundantly clear getting Alberta 's fiscal house in order is his top priority .
If Prentice 's assurances sound familiar , it is because similar words were uttered by both Redford and her predecessor Ed Stelmach .
It is discouraging that despite our dynamic business culture and usually robust economy , our government has been chronically unable to mend its ways .
As Liberal finance critic Kent Hehr puts it : “ Something is clearly amiss in this province — infrastructure deficits , schools not being built , long-term care centres not constructed . ”
Lately we 've learned the long-sought southwest ring road and a badly needed new Calgary cancer centre could be put on hold after years of delays . In the nickel and dime department , Alberta parents shell out triple the school fees they did five years ago — paying 2.1 percent of their children 's schooling costs , compared to 0.6 percent in other provinces .
Prentice does offer hope our government can mend its ways , but in the current economic environment , he has his work cut out .
Let 's keep our fingers crossed he is as effective at leading Alberta into a new era of fiscal accountability as he has been in neutering the official opposition .
With an election seemingly drawing near and the only party capable of holding his government 's feet to the fire in disarray , Albertans may be left with little other option .
Heard the one about the German tourist who downloaded a TV program in France and got whacked with a €46,000 mobile Internet bill ? How about the UK student who racked up almost £8,000 in roaming data charges in two months ?
Hopefully these stories will surface less often thanks to the latest move by the European Union . As of Monday , EU-governed mobile companies must offer their wandering customers a monthly cut-off limit for roaming broadband access . Once their bill goes past that specified sum , they 'll be informed that their mobile connection to the Internet has been blocked .
The regulation was passed by the governing body last June . EU country mobile roamers can choose their data gobbling price ceiling themselves until July 1 , when it will automatically default at €50 unless they pick some other amount . They 'll get a warning from their service when they reach 80 percent of whatever maximum they 've chosen .
The decision was presented by EU `` Digital Agenda '' Commissioner Neelie Kroes as a means to encourage widespread 'Net use among travelers . `` Protection against data roaming bill shocks is a useful step towards building customers ' confidence to use mobile networks to surf the Internet when traveling around Europe , '' she said .
Works perfectly
But EU pols have doubtless been getting plenty of outraged e-mails from consumers themselves about this trend . The case of University of Nottingham student William Harrison is the roaming bill shock horror story du jour . The industrious lad wanted Internet access while studying in Paris and so attached a USB dongle to his laptop . The nice lady at the mobile store said this would `` work perfectly in France . ''
So Harrison dongled away while studying in Gay Paree . He mostly used Skype ; not a lot of video , he says . Nonetheless , the scholar was presented with a bill for £6,101.56 , followed by another which brought the total to £7,648.77 . Other nasty surprises included a tab for £4,900 cheerfully presented to an overseas BBC iPlayer user trying to keep up with her shows . The grand prize goes a traveling video downloader who picked up a £31,500 receipt for a single program .
The EU does n't like this business where a Skype user gets treated as Harrison did . `` There should be no obstacles to the emergence of applications or technologies which can be a substitute for , or alternative to , roaming services , '' the Union noted in its bill shock decision `` such as WiFi , Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) and Instant Messaging services . ''
National limits
But the roaming problem , says the EU , stems from the fact that travelers often find themselves at the mercy of `` non-preferred '' data networks when their signals are n't strong enough to link to more affordable ( `` preferred '' ) ones . Non-preferred services , knowing that donglers and tetherers have no choice at the moment but to access them , sometimes charge at prices 30 times higher than preferred networks .
`` In view of the limitations on the ability of national regulatory authorities to deal with these problems effectively at national level , a wholesale price limit on data roaming services should apply , '' the Union ruled .
And so , along with the decision leading to Monday 's new anti-bill shock rules , came new roaming price rules too . These include limiting the ding on an overseas text message to €0.11 ; a maximum wholesale cap of €1 per megabyte downloaded over the Web , to drop further each year ; and a maximum tab of €0.43 for phone calling and €0.19 for receiving a call . Operators had to obey the texting and calling rules by July 1 of last year , and the Web surfing cap by this month .
Kroes has been an outspoken critic of what she calls the `` fragmentation '' of the EU region that makes this data roaming problem possible . `` I want to be clear here , '' she told wireless carriers at an industry conference held in Barcelona , Spain in February . `` If you want to take advantage of the current fragmentation of the single market , I will stand in your way . But if you are ready to operate across the borders in a really integrated European market , I will be your best ally . ''
Former President Bill Clinton says that based on Hillary Clinton 's lifestyle and underlying indicators , she 's almost certainly in better health than her GOP rival Donald Trump , but that it 's tough to know for sure because Mr. Trump has n't disclosed as much information as Mr. Clinton 's wife has .
“ First of all , it 'd be refreshing if there were just one things in life where he disclosed more than she has , but I do n't think there is so far — not even one , ” Mr. Clinton said in an interview that aired Tuesday on “ CBS This Morning . ”
“ I think her lifestyle and her underlying indicators from blood pressure to amount of exercise to everything else means it 's almost certain she 's in better health than her opponent , ” Mr. Clinton said .
“ But we do n't know because he has n't disclosed , ” he said . “ She 's already disclosed much more health information than he has . ”
Mr. Trump , 70 , said he plans to release the results from a recent physical when they come in , and Mrs. Clinton 's campaign indicated Monday that they would soon release more medical information as well .
On Sunday , Mrs. Clinton , 68 , left a 9/11 memorial ceremony early and video showing her appearing to stumble as she got into a vehicle later surfaced . Her team later revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday , and her doctor said she had gotten “ overheated ” at the event .
“ Rarely , but on more than one occasion over the last many , many years , the same sort of thing 's happened to her , when she just got severely dehydrated , ” Mr. Clinton said . “ And she 's worked like a demon , as you know , as secretary of state and as a senator , and in the years since . ”
Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , canceled plans to travel to the West Coast on a fundraising swing Monday and Tuesday as a result of her health .
Mr. Clinton said it 's not possible that she 'll be away for weeks from the campaign trail .
“ No , not a shot . I 'll be lucky to hold her back another day , ” he said .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Word on the street from owners of the Xbox One edition of Call of Duty : Ghosts is that the Onslaught DLC and accompanying stability patch have been a significant setback for the game 's performance in multiplayer , and Eurogamer 's Digital Foundry has tested and confirmed some consistent frame drops in certain spots on the new maps .
“ Kicking off with a look at Stonehaven , it 's immediately obvious that things are not quite right . While the game does indeed hit 60fps in this stage , frame-rates are dramatically impacted when the whole level is in view , with metrics varying between 46-60fps as we run across the landscape , ” Digital Foundry 's David Bierton wrote . “ As frame-rates fall below the desired 60fps target , we also see the appearance of some screen-tear , adding some judder , making drops in smoothness more noticeable . ”
DF also notes that looking down a sniper scope drops the framerate even further to nearly 30 . On other new maps , they say any performance hits are less notable than those in Stonehaven , and that despite hyperbolic complaints from some folks the game is not “ significant ; y broken. ” Patches that hamper performance are always sad , though .
Australian billionaire James Packer greets Sara Netanyahu in the House chamber at the U.S. Capitol in Washington , D.C. , U.S. , March 3 , 2015 .
Israel 's police are looking into reports that Australian billionaire James Packer gave members of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's family gifts and benefits , Channel 10 reported Tuesday .
The report said the gifts – which reportedly include tickets to a Mariah Carey show and expensive hotel stays – are under the purview of other investigations into Netanyahu 's ties . It was unclear which investigations the report referenced .
Meanwhile , Channel 10 also reported the Interior Minister Arye Dery confirmed that Packer , who is n't Jewish but hopes to be a resident , opened a file with Israel 's tax authorities , a prerequisite to attaining residency for wealthy potential emigres .
James Packer ( rightmost ) , Yair Netanyahu and Sara Netanyahu at the UN , 2015 . Mary Altaffer , AP
On Monday , details emerged on the ties between Yair Netanyahu , Netanyahu 's son , and James Packer , considered a close confidant of the prime minister .
It seems that the younger Netanyahu has received more than just a few free nights in Packer 's Tel Aviv apartment , as was reported two weeks ago .
Channel 10 's Raviv Drucker reported Monday evening that Yair Netanyahu had flown to New York in September 2015 along with his father 's delegation to the United Nations General Assembly , and stayed in a luxury hotel in Greenwich Village – with Packer footing the bill . This is Packer 's regular hotel in New York , and he rents a number of connected rooms there .
According to the report , Packer was also involved to some extent in Netanyahu 's speech to the UN . In a letter he sent to his friends , Packer said he and Netanyahu went over the speech together and he even boasted about having a copy of the speech . According to the letter , Netanyahu even promised Packer a place in his entourage and a seat next to Sara Netanyahu . In a picture from the UN assembly , Packer can be seen sitting near the Netanyahu family with the Israeli delegation .
From the left , Israeli ambassador to the U.S. Ron Dermer , Benjamin Netanyahu , Yair Netanyahu and James Packer . Channel 10
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
On other occasions the younger Netanyahu has taken vacations at Packer 's expense , often on the billionaire 's private plane , and sometimes even invited friends to come along too , Drucker reported .
In August 2015 , singer Mariah Carey , who was engaged to Packer before they broke up in October , performed a concert in Rishon Letzion in Israel . Packer bought large numbers of tickets valued in the tens of thousands of shekels and gave 10 to Sara Netanyahu , Drucker said , and another seven to Yossi Cohen , then head of the National Security Council and now the director of the Mossad .
The Channel 10 report two weeks ago said that Yair Netanyahu had stayed a number of nights last summer in an apartment belonging to Packer at the Royal Beach Hotel in Tel Aviv . According to Drucker 's report , Packer owns a house in Caesarea adjacent to the Netanyahus and Netanyahu occasionally holds weekend meetings in Packer 's home .
The original report also stated that a few months ago , Packer 's lawyer , Jacob Weinroth , met with Interior Minister Arye Dery and asked him to grant Packer , who is not Jewish , permanent residency in Israel . The interior minister is authorized to take such measures . Weinroth was previously Netanyahu 's attorney .
One possible explanation for Packer 's interest in Israeli residency is the large tax breaks he might be entitled to as a well-off new resident .
Weinroth was quoted as saying that Netanyahu had never spoken to him about the matter . The report stated that Packer has yet to be granted residency status .
In response to Drucker 's report , a spokesman for the prime minister said that Yair Netanyahu is a private citizen and a student who does not need to provide answers to journalists . In addition , the spokesman said Packer is a close friend of the family and of Yair himself , who has the right to be hosted by friends .
Whatup world ? We 're back at it again tonight with another interview for you all . As winter turns to spring , slowly we start to feel that warm tingly feeling that comes with brighter times . And what better time is it than now to introduce a lovely , young up-and-coming singer from Australia making waves this year . Please give it up for miss Julia Wu !
Julia Wu ( born October 4 , 1994 ) is a singer originally from Brisbane , Australia . Currently attending the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston , Julia has made headlines in the last year in and a bit – both for her audition and subsequent appearance on the last season of X Factor Australia and co-starring in the second season of Insite TV 's ‘ Miss Korea ' alongside Singaporean dancer and singer Jojo Hung . Currently working on original material , Wu has also released music for a Taiwanese movie called ‘ Tiny Times ' back in 2013 . Check out what this rising star had to say to us about her musical life !
For those who are n't familiar with who you are , please introduce yourself briefly .
Hi everyone , my name is Julia Wu . I 'm currently a music student in Boston , in the progress of learning as much as I can about this wonderful art and also barely surviving the weather here .
How long have you been doing music for ?
My whole life basically . I started piano when I was 4 so music has always been around .
What kind of artist do you consider yourself ?
An artist in progress ? I would like to one day call myself a singer songwriter/pianist , but right now I think I 'm more known as just a singer that likes to rearrange a lot of songs into different styles .
As far as music is concerned , who gives you your inspiration ?
My mum had a Karen Carpenter CD lying around when I was around 8 or 9 and I just remembered always listening to that record over and over again . Carpenter 's songs all have those classic beautiful melodies that become imprinted in your head . I think subconsciously that made an impact on the music I like to make these days .
You currently study at Berklee College of Music in Boston . How was the process of applying for such a prestigious school ? And why Berklee ?
I 've always had the idea that I was gon na become a classical pianist , go to Curtis or Julliard one day . But during high school I struggled a lot with what I really wanted to do afterwards so I decided to risk it all and apply for a completely different route . I choose Berklee because it was the best contemporary music school in the world , filled with Grammy award winning alumnus . So it really felt like a dream to come here , and when I received a scholarship it was just beyond crazy , I would have never been able to attend the school if that did n't happen .
What 's been one thing you 've had to get used to as far as living in the US goes and things being a bit different than back home in Australia ?
The weather ! Oh my goodness , being an Australian , snow did n't even exist over there . All I knew growing was that our country was constantly in drought and had 5min shower limits . Over in the states was just a complete 180 , they could n't understand a lot of our slang too . One time I asked my roommate if there was any ‘ bubbler ' around and she could n't understand until 10mins later she figured out I was asking for a water fountain….first semester of college was filled with these incidents !
You are also currently one of two lead stars for the second season of ‘ Miss Korea ' . How was that whole experience ?
It was the most insane , emotional , awesome experience I 've ever had . The whole journey was such a life lesson to me . You 're put in a situation that is so foreign to you and you 've just got ta hustle your way through . I 'm so grateful I had the opportunity to dip my toes in the broadcasting industry , now I know exactly what goes on behind the making of a reality show !
You met Brian Joo AND Kim Johan . Talk about that !
It was unbelievable . I literally froze when I saw Brian because the staff had said he was n't coming so my hopes were gone a long time ago . He 's just such a wonderful hilarious human being and he 's so kind too . Plus he gave us a lot of advices on this industry and I thought it was so thoughtful . Same with Kim Johan , he was just absolutely inspiring . Everything he said to us every word of advice he gave motivated me so much and they lingered in my head , made me really think about what it is that I 'm pursuing , how do I improve etc . It felt like a dream meeting and talking with them .
How was it getting to know Jojo and spending that much time with someone you had only met recently ?
I was so lucky I had Jojo with me throughout the show , because we were the only ones who could really understand how each other felt since we 're in the same situation , we had to face the same things and we went through everything together . She quickly became almost like a family member and by the end we were super tight , we could say anything and everything to each other and it was just so much fun doing the show with her , cause you never know what she 's gon na blurt out and if she 's on a coffee high , she goes into sugar rush mode and does the most hilarious things !
If a third season happens , would you recommend that people apply to be on it ?
Definitely ! I think even if its not K-pop related for next season , this was an experience that changed me and helped me grow so much as an individual and as a musician . Making the show was such a huge effort and so many things goes on behind it which the audience does n't see , the staffs are working endlessly day and night , they do n't sleep . So you learn to be as independent and as strong as you possibility can because everyone is working their ass off for the show too . Its hard , I felt like I was gon na faint some days because its just endless filming and endless unexpected events and we just had to react quickly and adapt to any situation .
You were also on the X Factor Australia last year . How was that ?
X Factor was an amazing platform that gave me a chance to sing for the first time to such a huge audience . And because it was such a big deal , especially with four superstar judges staring at you in such a close proximity , I just completely choked on my words but nonetheless it was so helpful to get feedback from judges who have been in the industry for so long and meeting fellow talented musicians that are chasing the same dreams as you .
From all these experiences you 've had in the last year or so , what has been the biggest milestone for you in terms of further pursuing your music career ?
I would say surviving the 3 months in Korea was a huge thing for me personally . It had obstacles that tackled every aspect of what you could possibly expect in a life as a public figure in general . It 's definitely not as simple as it looks , there are so many details in everything we film , and a lot of content in which we have to prepare in a limited time and just being able to handle things appropriately on my own in a foreign environment really gave me an insight to just a small portion of what life is like for celebrities that do this everyday .
You 've experienced little bits of the American , Australian and Korean music markets . Name one thing about each that you really like , based on your own experience .
For the American music market , especially here in Boston , I feel like there 's a lot of freedom in which you can express . People come to appreciate the rawness of all genres of music and it 's a good balance between mainstream and indie . Especially being in a school like Berklee , we cater to every genre there is in the world . So to see talented students creating fusions or things you 've never heard before , its almost futuristic and makes you think it could be nominated for Grammys even . Same goes for Australia , lots of indie bands are coming out with great material and you can tell there 's a lot of passion in their music . Korean music market is a whole different concept , they are not only musically attractive , but also emphasize very strongly on the visuals as well , groups especially is their forte . It 's very refreshing .
Can fans expect original material from you down the road ?
Definitely , I 'm working on some originals at the moment and I 'm planning to start getting them out there in the open . It 's a very nerve racking feeling because I started as a cover singer on YouTube , so sharing these intimate songs with everyone makes me feel a little exposed !
What is your current guilty pleasure ?
Eating delicious fatty food . I love it when I do n't have to watch what I eat and just grab a whole pizza for a midnight snack .
What are your five most played songs currently ?
Jungle – Drake
Look what you 've done – Drake
The 90s – Charlie Puth
Man x Woman – Mar
Reflection – Fifth Harmony
Who are some of your favourite artists ?
All-time favourites have to include Emily King , John Legend , Chrisette Michele , Frank Ocean , Justin Timberlake , Amy Winehouse , Pharrell , 2ne1 , Big Bang , Khalil Fong , Ronghao Li , Crowd Lu and loads more .
When you have spare time , what do you do for fun ?
Cook ! Make simple desserts or a dinner feast , I really enjoy the process of cooking , its very therapeutic .
Name one thing that fans may not already know about you .
I get motion sickness super easily . Five minutes in a moving vehicle and I 'll be feeling dizzy .
Any advice for aspiring singers out there ?
Do n't be afraid . Sometimes we step back from opportunities because we think we 're not good enough or we shoot ourselves down before we even give it a go . I 'd like you to keep in mind that you 'll never know until you try . Oh and of course you 've got ta practice hard to show everyone your chops as well !
Any final words for the readers/fans ?
Thank you for supporting me through my journey so far , thank you for listening to my music and I hope you guys stick around because I will be sharing new projects soon !
A huge thanks to Julia for chatting with us – make sure to keep your eyes peeled for her original material . Until next time , this has been a rhythm.connection exclusive !
J .
Advertisements
Introduction
Go code is organized into packages . Within a package , code can refer to any identifier ( name ) defined within , while clients of the package may only reference the package 's exported types , functions , constants , and variables . Such references always include the package name as a prefix : foo.Bar refers to the exported name Bar in the imported package named foo .
Good package names make code better . A package 's name provides context for its contents , making it easier for clients to understand what the package is for and how to use it . The name also helps package maintainers determine what does and does not belong in the package as it evolves . Well-named packages make it easier to find the code you need .
Effective Go provides guidelines for naming packages , types , functions , and variables . This article expands on that discussion and surveys names found in the standard library . It also discusses bad package names and how to fix them .
Package names
Good package names are short and clear . They are lower case , with no under_scores or mixedCaps . They are often simple nouns , such as :
time ( provides functionality for measuring and displaying time )
( provides functionality for measuring and displaying time ) list ( implements a doubly linked list )
( implements a doubly linked list ) http ( provides HTTP client and server implementations )
The style of names typical of another language might not be idiomatic in a Go program . Here are two examples of names that might be good style in other languages but do not fit well in Go :
computeServiceClient
priority_queue
A Go package may export several types and functions . For example , a compote package could export a Client type with methods for using the service as well as functions for partitioning a compote task across several clients .
Abbreviate judiciously . Package names may be abbreviated when the abbreviation is familiar to the programmer . Widely-used packages often have compressed names :
strconv ( string conversion )
( string conversion ) syscall ( system call )
( system call ) fmt ( formatted I/O )
On the other hand , if abbreviating a package name makes it ambiguous or unclear , do n't do it .
Do n't steal good names from the user . Avoid giving a package a name that is commonly used in client code . For example , the buffered I/O package is called bufio , not buf , since buf is a good variable name for a buffer .
Naming package contents
A package name and its contents ' names are coupled , since client code uses them together . When designing a package , take the client 's point of view .
Avoid stutter . Since client code uses the package name as a prefix when referring to the package contents , the names for those contents need not repeat the package name . The HTTP server provided by the http package is called Server , not HTTPServer . Client code refers to this type as http.Server , so there is no ambiguity .
Simplify function names . When a function in package pkg returns a value of type pkg.Pkg ( or * pkg.Pkg ) , the function name can often omit the type name without confusion :
start : = time.Now ( ) // start is a time.Time t , err : = time.Parse ( time.Kitchen , `` 6:06PM '' ) // t is a time.Time
ctx = context.WithTimeout ( ctx , 10 * time.Millisecond ) // ctx is a context.Context ip , ok : = userip.FromContext ( ctx ) // ip is a net.IP
A function named New in package pkg returns a value of type pkg.Pkg . This is a standard entry point for client code using that type :
q : = list.New ( ) // q is a * list.List
When a function returns a value of type pkg.T , where T is not Pkg , the function name may include T to make client code easier to understand . A common situation is a package with multiple New-like functions :
d , err : = time.ParseDuration ( `` 10s '' ) // d is a time.Duration elapsed : = time.Since ( start ) // elapsed is a time.Duration ticker : = time.NewTicker ( d ) // ticker is a * time.Ticker timer : = time.NewTimer ( d ) // timer is a * time.Timer
Types in different packages can have the same name , because from the client 's point of view such names are discriminated by the package name . For example , the standard library includes several types named Reader , including jpeg.Reader , bufio.Reader , and csv.Reader . Each package name fits with Reader to yield a good type name .
If you can not come up with a package name that 's a meaningful prefix for the package 's contents , the package abstraction boundary may be wrong . Write code that uses your package as a client would , and restructure your packages if the result seems poor . This approach will yield packages that are easier for clients to understand and for the package developers to maintain .
Package paths
A Go package has both a name and a path . The package name is specified in the package statement of its source files ; client code uses it as the prefix for the package 's exported names . Client code uses the package path when importing the package . By convention , the last element of the package path is the package name :
import ( `` context '' // package context `` fmt '' // package fmt `` golang.org/x/time/rate '' // package rate `` os/exec '' // package exec )
Build tools map package paths onto directories . The go tool uses the GOPATH environment variable to find the source files for path `` github.com/user/hello '' in directory $ GOPATH/src/github.com/user/hello . ( This situation should be familiar , of course , but it 's important to be clear about the terminology and structure of packages . )
Directories . The standard library uses like directories crypto , container , encoding , and image to group packages for related protocols and algorithms . There is no actual relationship among the packages in one of these directories ; a directory just provides a way to arrange the files . Any package can import any other package provided the import does not create a cycle .
Just as types in different packages can have the same name without ambiguity , packages in different directories can have the same name . For example , runtime/pprof provides profiling data in the format expected by the pprof profiling tool , while net/http/pprof provides HTTP endpoints to present profiling data in this format . Client code uses the package path to import the package , so there is no confusion . If a source file needs to import both pprof packages , it can rename one or both locally . When renaming an imported package , the local name should follow the same guidelines as package names ( lower case , no under_scores or mixedCaps ) .
Bad package names
Bad package names make code harder to navigate and maintain . Here are some guidelines for recognizing and fixing bad names .
Avoid meaningless package names . Packages named util , common , or misc provide clients with no sense of what the package contains . This makes it harder for clients to use the package and makes it harder for maintainers to keep the package focused . Over time , they accumulate dependencies that can make compilation significantly and unnecessarily slower , especially in large programs . And since such package names are generic , they are more likely to collide with other packages imported by client code , forcing clients to invent names to distinguish them .
Break up generic packages . To fix such packages , look for types and functions with common name elements and pull them into their own package . For example , if you have
package util func NewStringSet ( ... string ) map [ string ] bool { ... } func SortStringSet ( map [ string ] bool ) [ ] string { ... }
then client code looks like
set : = util.NewStringSet ( `` c '' , `` a '' , `` b '' ) fmt.Println ( util.SortStringSet ( set ) )
Pull these functions out of util into a new package , choosing a name that fits the contents :
package stringset func New ( ... string ) map [ string ] bool { ... } func Sort ( map [ string ] bool ) [ ] string { ... }
then the client code becomes
set : = stringset.New ( `` c '' , `` a '' , `` b '' ) fmt.Println ( stringset.Sort ( set ) )
Once you 've made this change , its easier to see how to improve the new package :
package stringset type Set map [ string ] bool func New ( ... string ) Set { ... } func ( s Set ) Sort ( ) [ ] string { ... }
which yields even simpler client code :
set : = stringset.New ( `` c '' , `` a '' , `` b '' ) fmt.Println ( set.Sort ( ) )
The name of the package is a critical piece of its design . Work to eliminate meaningless package names from your projects .
Do n't use a single package for all your APIs . Many well-intentioned programmers put all the interfaces exposed by their program into a single package named api , types , or interfaces , thinking it makes it easier to find the entry points to their code base . This is a mistake . Such packages suffer from the same problems as those named util or common , growing without bound , providing no guidance to users , accumulating dependencies , and colliding with other imports . Break them up , perhaps using directories to separate public packages from implementation .
Avoid unnecessary package name collisions . While packages in different directories may have the same name , packages that are frequently used together should have distinct names . This reduces confusion and the need for local renaming in client code . For the same reason , avoid using the same name as popular standard packages like io or http .
Conclusion
Package names are central to good naming in Go programs . Take the time to choose good package names and organize your code well . This helps clients understand and use your packages and helps maintainers to grow them gracefully .
Further reading
By Sameer Ajmani
A northern California man accused of ripping out the heart and tongue of a friend after the two had taken hallucinogenic drugs has pleaded guilty to murder , four days before his case was set to go to trial .
Jarrod Wyatt , 29 , of Crescent City , Calif. accepted a plea deal in which he will serve a 50-years-to-life prison sentence in the March 2010 death of his sparring partner , 21-year-old Taylor Powell , Del Norte County prosecutors told The Associated Press .
`` The earliest he 'll be able to see a parole board is 2062 , '' District Attorney Jon Alexander told the AP . `` We saved Taylor 's family the agony from reliving the incident at the trial . ''
Police officers discovered Wyatt naked and covered in blood head-to-toe when they arrived at a house in Requa , Calif. , in March 2010 .
Wyatt , a mixed-martial artist , reportedly told the officers , `` I killed him . '' He had cut out Powell 's heart and tongue , according to court documents .
Powell 's body was found by officers on the couch . His chest had been cut open , while his heart , tongue and the skin of his face was removed . Court documents say that Powell 's heart and tongue had been removed while he was still alive .
The two had ingested hallucinogenic mushrooms before Wyatt attacked and killed Powell , according to witnesses . While intoxicated , the two believed that they were involved in a struggle between God and the devil . Powell 's heart was discovered by police charred in a wood-burning stove , Dr. Neil Kushner , who performed the autopsy , told The Times Standard .
Previously Wyatt entered pleas of not guilty and not guilty by reason of insanity . After he was evaluated by psychiatrists , a judge ruled him competent to stand trial , the AP reported .
On Thursday night , Alexander and Wyatt 's attorney , James Fallman , reached a deal in which Wyatt pleaded guilty to first-degree murder involving mayhem . Fallman said that Wyatt did n't want to testify at trial and he did n't want his family to testify .
`` We looked for an agreement that would at least give him the opportunity to be paroled someday , '' Fallman told the AP . `` As bad as 50 years to life sounds , it 's better than life without the possibility of parole . ''
Wyatt is scheduled to be officially sentenced Oct. 4 .
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Myanmar is committing crimes against humanity in its campaign against Muslim insurgents in Rakhine state , Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday , calling for the U.N. Security Council to impose sanctions and an arms embargo .
A Rohingya refugee reacts as people scuffle while waiting to receive aid in Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh , September 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
The U.N. refugee agency called for a redoubling of international aid for the 480,000 refugees — 60 percent of them children — who have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 to escape the violence .
A Myanmar government spokesman rejected the accusation of crimes against humanity , saying there was no evidence .
The U.S. government , which has worked hard to establish close ties with Myanmar 's civilian government in the face of competition from strategic rival China , did not comment directly on the Human Rights Watch charge .
However a spokeswoman said : “ We are closely monitoring the situation and the facts on the ground as they continue to unfold .
“ We are deeply troubled by reports of extrajudicial killings , sexual violence , and burning of Rohingya villages by security forces and non-Rohingya individuals . ”
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan told the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee that the U.S. ambassador to Myanmar would visit the border of Rakhine , to look into the crisis “ within the next two days . ”
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi invited foreign diplomats to visit the area in a speech last week .
Myanmar has also rejected U.N. accusations that its forces are engaged in ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in response to coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on the security forces on Aug. 25 .
Refugees arriving in Bangladesh have accused the army and Buddhist vigilantes of trying to drive Rohingya out of Buddhist-majority Myanmar .
“ The Burmese military is brutally expelling the Rohingya from northern Rakhine state , ” said James Ross , legal and policy director at New York-based Human Rights Watch .
“ The massacres of villagers and mass arson driving people from their homes are all crimes against humanity . ”
Myanmar , also known as Burma , says its forces are fighting insurgents responsible for attacking the police and the army , killing civilians and torching villages .
The International Criminal Court defines crimes against humanity as acts including murder , torture , rape and deportation “ when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population , with knowledge of the attack ” .
Human Rights Watch said its research , supported by satellite imagery , had found crimes of deportation , forced population transfers , murder and rape .
The U.N. Security Council and concerned countries should impose targeted sanctions and an arms embargo , it said .
Government spokesman Zaw Htay said no Myanmar government had ever been as committed to the promotion of rights as the current one .
“ Accusations without any strong evidence are dangerous , ” he told Reuters . “ It makes it difficult for the government to handle things . ”
A coordinating group of aid organizations said the total number of refugees who have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 had been revised up to 480,000 after 35,000 people in two camps were found to have been missed out of the previous tally .
“ The massive influx of people seeking safety has been outpacing capacities to respond , and the situation for these refugees has still not stabilized , ” Adrian Edwards , a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said in Geneva .
“ UNHCR is calling for a redoubling of the international humanitarian response in Bangladesh . ”
LITTLE SYMPATHY
The violence and the refugee exodus is the biggest crisis the government of Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of military rule .
Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and bouts of suppression and violence have flared for decades . Most Rohingya are stateless .
Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism and calls for her Nobel prize to be withdrawn .
She denounced rights violations in an address to the nation last week and vowed that abusers would be prosecuted . She also said the government was trying to determine why so many people fled .
Seven U.N. experts , including Yanghee Lee , special rapporteur on rights in Myanmar , called on Suu Kyi to meet Rohingya to hear for herself the reasons for their exodus .
“ No one chooses , especially not in the hundreds of thousands , to leave their homes and ancestral land , no matter how poor the conditions , to flee to a strange land to live under plastic sheets and in dire circumstances , except in life-threatening situations , ” they said .
They called on Myanmar to provide humanitarian access to Rakhine state , where the military has been restricting entry .
Suu Kyi has little , if any , control over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution that also bars her from the presidency and gives the military veto power over political reform .
Myanmar has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism in recent years , and the public is supportive of the campaign against the insurgents .
Slideshow ( 7 Images )
Since Sunday , the army has unearthed the bodies of 45 members of Myanmar 's small Hindu community who authorities say were killed by the insurgents soon after the violence erupted .
The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army , which has claimed attacks on the security forces since October , denied killing the villagers .
Some Hindus have fled to Bangladesh . Others have taken refuge in Myanmar towns , accusing the insurgents of attacking them on suspicion of being government spies .
Asian Companies have the World 's Worst Cybersecurity
According to a year-long investigation by the U.S. Security company Mandiant , Asian companies are the least defended against cyberattacks .
Mandiant said the median time between a breach and its discovery at an Asian company is around 520 days , three times the global average . In each attack , an average of 3.7 GB in data has been equaling tens of thousands of documents .
As part of the investigation , Mandiant hacked into a company 's network with their permission to see how vulnerable it was . The company explains that within three short days , they had accessed “ the keys to the kingdom , ” and showed concern that a cyber theft could potentially do the same and stay undetected for over a year .
In a report published by the company , Mandiant explained how leaving breaches undiscovered or unreported for too long can ultimately compromise a country 's economic competitiveness or national security . Hackers could take over key infrastructure such as power stations and potentially even transport systems in “ smart cities . ”
Mandiant believes the bulk of the attacks on Asian companies are state-sponsored and target areas with heightened geopolitical tensions , such as the South China Sea . There has been a decrease in the number of attacks in the U.S. and western Europe by Chinese hackers , Mandiant believes that 's because they 're focusing their efforts on other parts of Asia .
Mandiant concludes by saying Asian organizations are ill-equipped to defend their networks from attackers because “ they frequently lack basic response processes and plans , threat intelligence , technology and expertise . ”
It 's being billed as a `` massive tax cut , '' but millions of American households will end up paying more to the Treasury if the GOP approves a final tax plan and President Donald Trump signs it into law .
Your odds of being hit with a bigger bill depend on a number of provisions , many of which are still being finalized .
To better show the impact of these factors , analysts at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy crunched the numbers and came up with an estimate of how individual households may fare under the new rules .
These estimates are n't definitive . The new rules are so complex that two taxpayers in the same neighborhood with the same household income could see very different tax bills . But numbers provide a broad look at where the burden of the tax changes will fall .
Much of the debate over the bill has focused on the the average changes for American households . But focusing on those averages overlooks the specific impact on each individual tax return . Some will see big savings ; others will get hit with large increases .
There are some major variables that will have a big impact in determining how tax reform hits your household budget . If you 're paying a lot of state and local income and property taxes , for example , you could owe a lot more if those popular deductions go away .
A lot also depends on where you fall on the income ladder ; in general , the more you make , the more you 'll save on taxes if the Republican tax plan becomes law .
The plan covers a 10-year span , with the biggest cuts coming in the early years . That 's why some people who may see a tax cut in 2019 could see their taxes rise again by 2027 .
Fast forward to today , people still feel the economy 's giant boot pressed firmly on their necks…losing life savings and homes all at the hands of the top 1 % that control banks and corporations . At least we have delicious craft beer to sip and reminisce about the good old days before the world was a fanny pack filled with hot steamy Liger turds on a toboggan going off a cliff only to land in a penguin exhibit . Have you smelled a penguin exhibit ? Good lord ! So stinky !
Surely everyone has read about the Wall Street crash of 1929 . Black Tuesday , October 29 , 1929 , saw a $ 30 Billion prolapse on the New York Stock Exchange . People lost life savings , houses and businesses . With prohibition also a factor of the time , poor bastards did n't even have a delicious Bourbon Barrel aged Imperial Stout to fall back on . I 'm sure they were pissed !
Every year around September , the buzz about The Bruery 's Black Tuesday begins . The Bruery Reserve Society emails are broadcast to every major beer news outlet , blog , and beer related forum . People want that beer ! Imperial Stouts ( or RIS ) are one of my favorite styles of beer ; yet I 've never tried Black Tuesday . I would n't mind a glass to enjoy next to a crackling fireplace , snuggled up with my gam-endowed wife while smooth jazz plays on a vintage 1979 RCA HiFi . What makes Black Tuesday so hyped ? Is it better than other Imperial Stouts ? What 's the story behind it ?
Through my formidable detective work ( youtube ) I learned how Black Tuesday was born at the Bruery . Head ‘ Bruer ' Tyler King was at the Yard House hammered drunk sloshing a half-yard of Racer 5 ( allegedly ) . He was thinking of a recipe to deplete all the half-bags of malt lying around . He came up with a “ kitchen sink ” Imperial Stout that would do the job . During the 16-hour brue day for the beer , a mash paddle was accidentally left in the tun and got stuck in a valve . There was hot mash spewing everywhere ! “ Patrick was burned on the arms…it was bad ” says Tyler . They aged the beer in bourbon barrels and the rest is history . The name derives from the color of the beer and the historic connotations of the historic stock market crash eighty years prior . I 'm not sure if the price is a throwback to the $ 30 Billion lost back in 1929 , as bottles are $ 30 . It is also released on the last Tuesday of October , giving a nod to the wall street crash date .
Purchasing a bottle of black Tuesday is similar to traders in 1929 trying to sell off their worthless shares on the NY Stock Exchange floor . Black Tuesday morning at 10AM , the Bruery website sale opens ; freezes , and every last drop is gone-baby-gone ! If you happen to be a big Bruery fan , you can also join The Bruery Reserve Society ; which gives you priority to purchase three bottles . The release party is Black Tuesday evening on 10/25 hosted in two sessions . The party sold out in five minutes ! Feel free to drop by with your protest sign “ I AM THE 99 % ” !
Islamic militants , ISIS , have executed 19 women for refusing to have sex with soldiers , a report carried by UK 's Daily Mail says .
The outlet quotes a Kurdish official in Iraq claiming that the women were being held hostage in Islamic State 's stronghold of Mosul , which the terror group seized in June 2014 .
READ ALSO : Alarming Number Of Kenya Youth Joining ISIS , Officials
Said Mimousini also claimed issues around money and the distribution of women have caused a rift within ISIS 's ranks .
A UN investigator has also unearthed a sex slave trade scam involving the militants where girls are peddled like barrels of petrol and one can be bought by more than six men .
The UN verified a disturbing ISIS document which suggested the extremists sell the Yazidi and Christian women and children they have abducted , with girls aged just one to nine-years-old fetching the most money .
READ ALSO : Terrorist Group ISIS Sets Up Base At The Heart Of Europe
In October 2014 , the terror group released a pamphlet which showed how much it charged for the purchase of its female captives .
It goes on to say : `` Customers are allowed to purchase only three items with the exception of customers from Turkey , Syria and Gulf countries . ''
READ ALSO : Drone Kills Senior ISIS Commander In Afghanistan
Photo credit : Daily Mail
Source : Tuko.co.ke
A mountain used by North Korea for its latest underground nuclear test might be in danger of collapsing and spreading dangerous radiation across the region , according to a group of scientists in China .
A secondary seismic shock following the North 's test of what is believed to be a powerful hydrogen bomb Saturday was initially interpreted as a likely collapse of a cavern in Mount Mantap at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site . But analysis of satellite imagery by the site 38 North on Tuesday found no evidence that there was a cave-in on the mountain . Satellite photos did , however , show that the test appears to have triggered landslides .
The scientists at a Chinese university , led by a geologist , who have monitored the North 's activity believe all six of its nuclear tests were conducted at the same location , possibly making the mountain unstable and in danger of imploding , according to the South China Morning Post .
`` We call it taking the roof off . If the mountain collapses and the hole is exposed , it will let out many bad things , '' a former China Nuclear Society chairman and researcher on the country 's nuclear weapons program told the newspaper .
38 North said lower resolution satellite images posted on its site appear to show numerous landslides and surface disturbances in the mountain 's gravel and broken rock fields . The website is a clearing house for North Korea analysis and is part of the U.S.-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies ,
`` There does not appear to be any evidence of a collapsed crater , as might have been suggested from the post-test tremor , '' according to the site .
A former North Korean diplomat who defected in 2016 , Thae Yong-ho , warned this year of a possible nuclear disaster related to the test site , and said such an event could bring about the collapse of the regime .
The release of nuclear radiation could cause the North to lose control of its northern border with China and trigger a massive exodus of refugees , according to Thae .
The North tested what it claims was a miniaturized hydrogen bomb capable of fitting atop an intercontinental ballistic missile . Observers have estimated the explosion was about six times more powerful than the North 's previous test as it seeks to acquire nuclear weapons capable of striking major American cities .
It follows five previous nuclear tests and a series of missile launches this year that included an ICBM .
The test again ratcheted up tensions with the U.S. and its allies in the regime , which are working to stop the North 's burgeoning nuclear program through sanctions and diplomacy .
MORE THAN a year after President Rodrigo R. Duterte signed the Freedom of Information executive order , a practice completely reverse of the policy has been creeping onto some documents requested by the public . The likely tool for the unexpected move : a black marker .
Redactions on items declared by Cabinet officials in their Statements of Assets , Liabilities , and Net Worth ( SALN ) released by the Malacañang Records Office have recently been noted by media outfits requesting these as material for stories .
More importantly , the redacted details included some of the most crucial ones – and at the very heart of the reason why public officials were required by law to file the integrity document in the first place .
The intense redaction was done on the SALNs of current and former Cabinet members that were filed as of December 31 , 2016 , or earlier this year for those appointed in their offices more recently . On these redacted SALNs , details regarding real and personal properties , asset values , business interests , and liabilities were blacked out , most probably with a marker .
Mocks FOI EO ?
The practice – which can only be described as a deviation from the FOI EO 's push for transparency – is apparently new . Some Cabinet officials had filed SALNs earlier than of June 30 , 2016 , or upon assumption into office , and these came without any redactions . Neither do pre-2016 SALNs of the same individuals . Their December 2016 , as well as of those more recently appointed to their current offices , bore significant redactions , however .
Among the 29 SALNs reviewed by PCIJ , there was a total of 167 redacted details , the entries replaced by long , black , and blotchy rectangles . Twenty-eight of the SALNs had the acquisition costs or amounts of personal properties blacked out while in 24 the exact locations of real properties were redacted ; 23 SALNs had blacked-out acquisition costs of real properties as well .
Property in ‘ Mindanao '
But redactions on details regarding real properties and business interests of some of the officials took a turn for the ridiculous , with only the cities or provinces left readable out of the addresses . For instance , the redaction done on the details on one of Communications Secretary Martin Andanar 's real estate holdings left only “ Mindanao ” as its location .
The specific value of each item declared in real properties , personal properties , and liabilities was also redacted in all the 29 SALNs reviewed . Only the total value of the items under each of these categories was left untouched .
To determine which among the 29 officials had the most redactions , PCIJ decided to count the types of details redacted per Cabinet member instead of tallying the actual number of details blacked out . This was to minimize the risk of a skewed count , since the number of items declared by the officials varied widely . In all , the details could be grouped into 14 different categories . ( See Table : A Tally of Redactions )
Andanar –- an early supporter of the FOI executive order –- emerged as having the most types of detail redacted on his SALN : 10 , namely Filer 's Address ; Spouse 's Office Address ; Name , Date of Birth , and Age of Unmarried Minor Children ; Description of Real Properties ; Exact Location of Real Properties ; Acquisition Costs of Real Properties ; Acquisition Costs/Amounts of Personal Properties ; Outstanding Balance of Liabilities ; Business Address of Business Interests and Financial Connections ; and ID No . of Filer and/or Spouse .
5 to 9 redactions each
Two of his Cabinet colleagues – Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II and Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Ubial – meanwhile had nine types of detail redacted . These were blacked out in the SALNs of both Aguirre and Ubial : Filer 's Address ; ID No . of Filer and/or Spouse ; Acquisition Costs of Real Properties ; Acquisition Costs/Amounts of Personal Properties ; Exact Location of Real Properties ; Outstanding Balance of Liabilities ; and Spouse 's Office Address .
Redacted in Aguirre 's SALN as well were Business Address of Business Interests and Financial Connections and Description of Real Properties . In Ubial 's these were also blacked out : Name of Creditor and Name , Date of Birth , and Age of Unmarried Minor Children .
Eighteen or 60 percent of the SALNs reviewed each had between five and eight types of detail redacted . Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano and Tourism Secretary Wanda Teo meanwhile had the least redactions on their SALNs : two each , the Filer 's Address and Amount of Personal Properties .
DU30 : Address only
Interestingly , the President 's own December 31 , 2016 SALN has even less redactions than Mariano and Teo . Released by the Office of the Ombudsman , Duterte 's address is the only portion blacked out by the repository agency .
His four-page SALN declaration also did not shy away from providing details , with the addresses of his real properties complete up to the lot and block number .
Of late , though , the redaction frenzy seems to have calmed down somewhat . The bad news is that it looks like the items to be redacted in released copies of SALNs to the public are now being set and made part of the process .
On September 18 , the Malacañang Records Office ( MRO ) released to PCIJ a fresh batch of SALNs , among which were those of Cabinet members and other high-ranking officials .
The batch included the latest SALNs on file at the repository agency and was made up of a total of 46 SALNs filed by some 45 appointed officials , some of whom are still in office , while a few others have already resigned or have been removed . Department of National Defense Undersecretary Eduardo D. Del Rosario had two of his SALNs in the pile , one as of July 1 , 2016 and the other as of Dec. 31 , 2016 .
Redactions in this batch were kept within a five-item list : Filer 's Address ; Name , Date of Birth , and Age of Unmarried Minor Children ; Exact Location of Real Properties ; ID No . of Filer and/or Spouse ; and Signature of Declarant and/or Spouse .
All 46 SALNs had redacted Filer 's Address and Signature of Declarant and/or Spouse . Blacking out of the declarant 's and their spouse 's signatures were made on all pages , as some filers signed each page of their SALN .
Seven out of the 46 SALNs have five redacted details , 28 or 60 percent of the total have four redacted details , and 11 have three redacted details .
GOCC appointees , too
The five-detail redaction checklist also applied to SALNs of Government-Owned and Controlled Corporations that were released on Sept. 18 as well . A total of 65 SALNs of Duterte GOCC appointees had blacked-out Filer 's Address , Name , Date of Birth , and Age of Unmarried Minor Children ; Exact Location of Real Properties ; ID No . of Filer and/or Spouse ; and Signature of Declarant and/or Spouse .
And yet the SALNs of Duterte-appointed GOCC appointees – also recently released by the Civil Service Commission ( CSC ) — did not bear any kind of redactions . In fact , each page even had a “ Certified True Copy ” stamp of CSC 's Communications Management Division .
Aside from the issue of redaction , though , PCIJ observed a few blunders in the filed SALNs of the listed high-ranking appointed officials .
Tugade : Wrong SALN form
For one , Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade used outdated SALN forms in his recent filings . For both his June 30 , 2016 and December 31 , 2016 SALN declarations , Tugade used the SALN form mandated by Civil Service Commission Resolution No . 1100902 , promulgated on July 8 , 2011 .
CSC , however , declared through its Resolution No . 1500088 , promulgated on Jan. 23 , 2015 , that a revised SALN form be used from then on .
The 2015 form , compared to the one used by Tugade , did not have the parts on “ Amount and Sources of Gross Income , ” “ Amount of Personal and Family Expenses , ” and “ Amount of Income Taxes Paid . ”
The older form also cited both the Republic Act No . 3019 or the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act and Republic Act No . 6713 or the Code of Conduct and Ethical Standards for Public Officials and Employees on its header . The newer form , meanwhile , only cited the latter .
Former Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) chief Isidro Lapeña , for his part , attached annexes dated December 31 , 2015 to his July 1 , 2016 SALN . All the pages of the SALN and the annexes except the page that included the signature of declarant showed a stamp of “ Isidro S. Lapeña , PhD , CSEE . Director General . ”
Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process Jesus Dureza , meanwhile , indicated “ Cabinet Secretary , Office of the President of the Philippines ” for his position and office instead of his more specific role . Also , it can be confused with the role of Leoncio Evasco , Jr. , which is currently the Cabinet Secretary , according to the Office of the President website .
Former National Irrigation Administration ( NIA ) chief Peter Laviña also failed to indicate his post as of December 31 , 2016 when he filed a joint SALN with his wife for the end of 2016 . The Laviñas filed their December 2016 SALN on April 26 , 2017 , or almost two months after Peter Laviña resigned from NIA .
There was also Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi , who erroneously dated his December 2016 SALN as “ December 1 , 2016 ” instead of “ December 31 , 2016. ” Cusi started his stint as secretary in July 2016 , according to the Department of Energy website . — With research by Malou Mangahas , Steffi Sanchez , and John Reiner Antiquerra , PCIJ , September 2017
As a proud graduate of Bridgewater State University , class of 2014 , and a longtime resident of neighboring West Bridgewater , I speak for both the student and residential population when I say that Bridgewater lacks the `` college town '' feel . By this I mean that there is nothing that reflects the culture of the area .
This stems from a lack of entertainment for students . For students to be entertained , they must go to somewhat extreme , and expensive , lengths . One story that was shared with me involved a group of freshmen walking for over an hour along Route 18 to the East Bridgewater movie theater . For those looking for music or theater , they must drive , or take the train , to Boston or Providence . Neither option is cheap , and neither option keeps them in Bridgewater . Therefore , Friday nights for Bridgewater students consist of food shopping and late-night burger runs . This is not appealing to the locals , let alone to incoming freshmen . Perhaps this is why more than half of Bridgewater�s students commute , like I did , and locals go elsewhere for a night out .
Without something to keep students and residents in Bridgewater , students will keep commuting , and Bridgewater will continue being another stop on the way to the city . However , with an upcoming downtown revitalization , both Bridgewater and the university have the opportunity to provide entertainment for all while developing its own culture .
During the revitalization process , I propose that Bridgewater State and the town partner to construct a small entertainment venue . Ideally , it would be one large room that is fitted to show films , both second run and classics , but that would also have a stage to show musical and theatrical acts , such as stand up comedy and improv acts . This venue will give both students and locals cost-effective entertainment that keeps them in Bridgewater . This also gives students , and other entertainers , a platform to showcase their musical and theatrical talents , providing us with nightlife without the city prices and hassle of travel . Events could also be tailored to different groups in our community , such as shows for children on certain days or a film followed by a discussion for adults .
Some say opening a theater in this economy is ludicrous . To that I say if the venue works to sell a Bridgewater-themed experience , it could not only be sustainable , but also act as a catalyst for the local economy . Where else would one be able to watch Bridgewater State students perform while noshing on Jay�s Flying Pizza , or catch a Sunday matinee while sipping on a Better Bean coffee ? By having a venue that showcases these homegrown flavors , students , residents and hopefully out-of-towners , can have a night out while finding out what the town has to offer .
This is not simply about finding easy entertainment , but rather about making Bridgewater a hub for bright minds and local flavors , all while giving something back to its citizens . However , this is a collaborative effort . Therefore , if you have any feedback or ideas , please send them to theaterinbridgewater @ gmail.com .
Chris Porazzo
West Bridgewater
Bridgewater State University , class of 2014
Abstract
The ability to instantly create a state of immunity as achieved in the passive transfer of hyperimmune globulin has had a tremendous impact on public health . Unlike passive immunization , active immunization , which is the foundation of vaccinology , is an anticipatory strategy with inherent limitations . Here we show that elements of active and passive immunization can be combined to create an effective chemistry-driven approach to vaccinology . Reactive immunization was used to create a reservoir of covalent polyclonal antibodies in 3 mouse strains that were subsequently engrafted with syngeneic CT26 colon or B16F10 melanoma tumors . Upon administration of designed integrin α v β 3 and α v β 5 adapter ligands , the induced covalent polyclonal antibodies self-assembled with the adapter ligands and the animals mounted an instant , chemically programmed , polyclonal response against the implanted tumors . Significant therapeutic responses were observed without recourse to adjuvant therapy . The chemically programmed immune responses were driven by antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity and complement-directed cytotoxicity . We suggest that this type of chemistry-driven approach to vaccinology is underexplored and may provide routes to vaccines to protect against diseases that have proven intractable to biology-driven vaccine approaches .
Which United States national team player has swapped kits with Zlatan , James , and Falcao in the past year ? Eight by Eight 's Andrew Helms sat down with Alejandro Bedoya in Boston last week and talked about his impressive European career , the future of the U.S. team , and how to lead over 38,000 Frenchmen in song . Does he have your attention now ?
I was n't quite sure what to expect from Alejandro Bedoya . Unlike some of his higher profile teammates , the spotlight eludes the soft-spoken midfielder . But beneath his quiet humility rests an unflinching confidence earned in the furnace of European football . Arguably the top American field player plying his trade in Europe , Bedoya 's playing career has taken him from Sweden to Scotland and France , heeding Jurgen Klinsmann 's command to consistently prove his game “ on another level. ” It 's time to start paying attention to Alejandro Bedoya .
It 's been three months since the World Cup . Looking back , when you think about the tournament what do you think of ?
Of course it was an unbelievable , unforgettable experience . But sometimes you think about what it would have been if we 'd advanced past Belgium , what could have been . You think about that if we beat Belgium , the game would have been the day after the Fourth of July on a weekend , too . That would have captured many , many more people in the States , and that would have been an amazing experience . But then again I thought we put in a great shift , a team effort , and I mean we played against the top teams and best players in the world .
Jurgen Klinsmann recently said at the 2018 World Cup the goal is the semifinal . When you heard that what was your reaction ?
I think that says a lot about what he wants and what he expects , and I think that only motivates players . You always want to try to improve and get better . I work hard in training everyday , sometimes you stay after as well to work on things : your crossing , your touch , everything else . It sets a standard . He sets the bar high , and for us it just pushes every player to work that much harder to always be on your toes .
As a team , do you talk about how to get there ?
You work on that in training all the time . I think everything has been progressive with Coach Klinsmann . The one way we work on the field and the way we do things in trainings and in games . Now you can see the youth movement coming in . Some of the youth kids are just so different than when I was growing up . They have no fear , they are willing to attack . The way we want to play now is at such a high pace with a lot of pressure all over the place . I think moving forward , it 's going to bode well
It 's always a work in progress to change everything , the mentality of people and things like that . But why not ? In four years so much can change . If we keep progressing and doing better and having no fear to take on the bigger teams .
As a veteran player on this roster , do you feel your role shifting on the team ?
It 's funny , I feel so old now . I like to think I 'm still young , but then at that camp in Prague , I run into Emerson Hyndman and he looks like a fourteen year-old and that makes me feel so old . But talking to Jurgen over the past month or two , he definitely wants me to take on more of a leadership role . I 'm not the most outspoken guy , but I am a hard-worker and I try to lead by example , and I hope I can do that with the young kids and show them that it takes a lot of commitment , it takes a lot of discipline to stay and maintain this level and be consistent . So I definitely feel my role has increased with this team .
Looking back over your career , you left Boston College to head overseas . What motivated that decision to try the waters of Europe instead of playing in MLS ?
People can get into the whole thing about being motivated by money , but for me the motivation was that Europe was where the best competition was and where the best players are . I always wanted to play there . I never really gave MLS a thought for that reason because I knew I wanted to test the waters , so to speak , and get a chance to go up against the best , and Sweden just happened to be that stepping stone where I thought it would be good for my career . And my good friend , my best friend , Charlie Davies , he took that same route from Boston College and then to Sweden . I would talk to him about how he was enjoying it , loving it , and if it was n't for that accident everybody could be saying that his career turned out great . He was doing well . I took that same path , and I thought it gave me a lot .
It was never about the money . Over there in Europe , they eat , sleep , breath soccer . You see the atmosphere—and obviously the atmosphere in the States is getting better—but there it 's amazing . I have no regrets and would never change anything . To see other cultures and experience so many different things and be able to travel amongst all these different countries . Pretty much from Miami to New York – a three hour trip—you could travel to anywhere in Europe for that length . I 've loved growing as a person , definitely as a player as well .
You 're now in France with Nantes . What attracted you to Ligue 1 ?
During that time when I was making that decision , France 's league was becoming more attractive . You see that now with some of the big name players going over there . That 's what attracted me first . To me , it was one of the top five leagues , and to go to a club like Nantes—when you put everything in perspective—I thought to myself that would be the club that would give me the chance to be playing week in , week out consistently and also for me to get back with the national team and to make it to the World Cup , which was my goal . It worked out .
Obviously people back in the States do n't follow me so much because I 'm in France and it 's not televised so much unless it 's PSG vs. Monaco , but if you look at the level of play that I 'm up against—the teams , the players—then I think fans would begin to understand that I am doing something . I guess I go a little bit more unheard of because I 'm not in the MLS or the English Premier League , but I 've scored goals last year against Marseille , against Monaco , and I put on a “ Man of the Match ” performance against PSG . I do n't know who else can say that they 've been playing as consistently as I have for a good club against big teams and big players in a great league .
You exchanged jerseys with Zlatan , right ?
I 've exchanged jerseys with Zlatan , with James , with Falcao . Some big players and some big teams .
I 've always wondered , when you exchange jerseys with a player , what do you do with those jerseys ?
They 're just sitting in my closet at home in Nantes . When you think about a career , as a kid you have so many dreams about playing against the top players in the world in the top league , and you think about one day when you come back to the States or when you have your dream home that you would hang up all these jerseys in your bachelor pad or in the poolroom and get them framed . I 'm sure I 'll have some ideas for where they will go up .
Did you wash Zlatan 's jersey ?
Actually , yes I did . I remember it was after a French Cup game , and actually I was n't playing but we had played him before . In that previous game , he had already exchanged with another guy but I went up and spoke to him in Swedish because obviously I was in Sweden . He actually knew that I had played for Helsingborgs who are rivals with Malmo , the club where he is from . So that was kind of cool , and we just talked in Swedish . And he said , “ I promise I 'll give you a jersey next time . ”
And the next time we played PSG , I was actually injured and could n't play , but I was down hanging out in the tunnel . And then all of a sudden Zlatan was walking out , and I did n't even say anything and he looked at me and he recognized me , and he said , “ Okay , I forgot. ” He talked to me and asked me why I was n't playing , and I told him I was injured . Then he gave me his jersey so that was a cool moment .
With more American players staying in MLS or returning to play in the United States , does it ever cross your mind that someday that might be something you want ?
Of course , yeah . I always am happy when I come back to the States so that 's something I think about . I always say to myself that I 'm never going to really live in Europe , and I 'm always going to return to the States , so why not take advantage now . It really is the best competition . I 'm loving it right now , but in the back of my mind I 'm always thinking that I 'd someday like to return to the States .
When you think about some of the guys that have come back it 's been for different reasons . Financially for some of them , you ca n't say no that kind of money . For others , it 's family reasons . People have their own reasons . For me I 'm still young—or I 'd like to think I 'm still young—and I still would like to prove myself week in and week out against the best competition . Some of the guys that come back , their careers have gone in different ways , or like I said it 's either about money or family or other personal reasons . But for me I 'm still committed to proving myself and to getting better . I 'm going to be able to do that playing in the league I 'm playing in right now and against those teams and that competition .
Jurgen Klinsmann likes to talk about players leaving their comfort zones . Do you feel you 're doing that by being in France ?
Of course , going to France at the beginning was very hard for me . Nobody really speaks English , and the French people are little bit more introverted . But I was able to make a name for myself , do well , and get the respect of the players and also the fans . I 'm the guy that who after every victory sings to celebrate with the fans . The fans have taken a liking to me . So I think I 've been able to get out of my comfort zone , so to speak . Who would 've thought that an American would be getting their name chanted out in France ? Like I said , many people do n't really see this because the French league is n't that popular over here in the States , and they do n't really see how good I can be playing game in and game out . I play all over the place in Nantes—in the midfield , behind the striker—I think that says a lot about my versatility and the way I 've focused to prove myself in Europe .
Can you talk about singing with the fans ? What do you sing ?
After every victory , I sing the “ I Believe That We Will Win ” song , which started when I scored my first goal for Nantes . Normally , after every victory somebody sings a song with the fans and that was just what popped into my head was that song , “ I-Believe-That-We Will Win . ”
And you sing it in English ?
Yeah and everybody sings it in English , and I lead it . After every victory now , ever since that game last year when I scored my first goal against Ajaccio , that 's what we sing .
On Friday , you honored Landon Donovan 's career , is there a moment or story you have with Landon that stands out ?
As a person , I can say that my first big cap came with the national team in Amsterdam against Holland . And obviously it 's my first game with the big guys , meeting everyone and all that . It 's Holland , you know , Robben , Sneijder , all those guys . And Landon was the first guy that came to me and patted me on the back and said , “ Just go out and play the game . You 're here for a reason. ” That was my first memory of him personally and that he was able to just reach out to me and let me know that everything would be alright says a lot about him as a person .
Soccer-wise , I will definitely remember this past Gold Cup when I assisted him on two goals against Honduras in the semifinal . That was in Dallas in a big stadium . For me to be able to just feed him – one of the most decorated players in U.S. Soccer—and for him to just finish it off , that was special .
Looking ahead , what do you see as your best position with the U.S. team ?
I like to play like how I played against the Czech Republic in a 4-3-3 . I would play like that when I was in Sweden . I think that 's my best position where I can get in between the lines and roam around a little bit and try to either get the ball and combine with people . I 'm not the flashiest guy , I 'm not the guy with the most speed on the wing that 's going to be able to take people on , but I like to play simple and combine with people and get in between the midfield and the defense .
Christopher Wray has been selected as Donald Trump 's pick to be the next director of the FBI .
Wray is the former assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department 's criminal division , but he is also known for his relationship with Chris Christie , as he was Christie 's personal lawyer during the Bridgegate scandal .
Here 's what you need to know about the relationship between Christopher Wray and Chris Christie .
1 . Wray & Christie Worked Together at the Justice Department
Before Bridgegate , Christopher Wray and Chris Christie worked together at the Department of Justice .
During the administration of George W. Bush , Chris Christie was a United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey , while Christopher Wray was assistant attorney general leading the Justice Department 's criminal division .
According to the Asbury Park Press , Christie says that he and Wray worked together “ a lot ” during this time . This included work they did on an investigation into Bristol-Myers Squibb , a pharmaceutical company .
2 . Wray Was Christie 's Personal Lawyer During Bridgegate
Christopher Wray was one of several lawyers who represented Chris Christie during the Bridgegate proceedings .
Bridgegate , of course , refers to the scandal involving Governor Chris Christie and his staff allegedly creating traffic jams in Fort Lee , New Jersey for political reasons , mainly to get back at Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich , who did not support Christie 's gubernatorial bid .
After Wray left the Justice Department , he joined the law firm King & Spalding , where he has continued to work to this day .
3 . During the Bridgegate Trial , Christie 's Cell Phone Went Missing
During the Bridgegate proceedings , the defendants ' lawyers were looking for Chris Christie 's cell phone , which would have had text messages and emails from the time when the lane closures were occurring . But for some time , the lawyers could not find the cell phone , with them alleging that Christie 's lawyers were hiding it .
“ President Nixon 's tapes were not immune from a subpoena , ” Michael Baldassare , attorney for defendant Bill Baroni , said at the time , according to WYNC . “ Neither is Governor Christie 's phone . ”
Christie said at the time that he had no idea where the phone was .
“ I have n't had it for two-plus years , but it 's in the hands of the government as far as I know , ” Christie said . “ I do n't know exactly who physically has it . But I turned it over in response to requests from the government , as I said I would . ”
4 . Wray Was Found to Be In Possession of the Missing Cell Phone
Then , in July 2016 , the missing cell phone was found to be in the possession of Christopher Wray , according to NJ.com .
However , a federal judge ended up dismissing the defendant 's request for a subpoena , and so the contents of this phone were never seen .
According to NJ.com , the phone was first turned over to the Chris Christie administration 's law firm , Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher . The firm then returned the phone to Wray , who reportedly still has it to this day .
5 . Chris Christie Says Wray is a Great Pick for FBI Director
Christopher Wray 's name had previously been floated for FBI director , and when Chris Christie was asked for his thoughts on this , he said that he thought Wray would be a great choice .
“ I have the utmost confidence in Chris , ” Christie said , according to the Asbury Park Press . “ He 's an outstanding lawyer . He has absolute integrity and honesty , and I think that the president certainly would not be making a mistake if he asked Chris Wray to be FBI director . ”
During this press conference , Christie would not say whether he had any involvement in the decision .
Scientists have identified two chemical scents in the urine of female mice that arouse sexual behavior in males , a discovery that shines a spotlight on how mouse pheromones control behavior .
The research , at Washington University School of Medicine​ in St. Louis , is available online in the journal Cell .
`` Science has long recognized that urine , sweat and other bodily fluids contain chemical communication signals called pheromones that can influence the biology or behavior of others , '' said senior author Timothy E. Holy , PhD , associate professor of neurobiology and anatomy . `` Most mammals use the information in these signals for social purposes , such as establishing territory or dominance , or in courtship and mating . In many cases , though , the specific chemical identities of the signals are unknown . ''
The new study , led by staff scientist Xiaoyan Fu , PhD , took advantage of the neurons in the noses of male mice to start narrowing down the compounds of interest . Using a new technique the researchers developed to identify pheromones in complex mixtures , the researchers narrowed down a list of 1,600 potentially relevant chemicals in male and female mouse urine to a list of just 23 . Among those 23 chemicals might be signals that convey information about sex , age , dominance and other factors.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
The researchers then focused on neurons that fired in response to all samples of female urine but no samples of male urine , hoping that these neurons would lead them to female sex pheromones . Only two of the 23 chemicals fit the pattern . Through collaboration with Michael L. Gross , PhD , professor of chemistry , the scientists discovered that both chemicals are waste products of steroid metabolism .
`` Mice make hormones and steroids that regulate aspects of their physiology , '' Holy said . `` At some point , those hormones have to be cleared out and converted into waste products . So when an animal 's nose detects the waste products from another animal , it 's a bit like spying on the neighbors by going through their garbage . These chemicals send signals about what 's going on internally in another animal . ''
The firing patterns of the male olfactory neurons in different strains of mice when exposed to various female urine samples implicated the two specific chemicals , providing the first evidence that they have a role in social communication by activating neurons in the nose .
`` Male mice will spend a lot of time investigating female urine , '' Holy said . `` But they show very little interest in male urine -- one sniff and they move on -- and similarly little interest in the urine of female mice after their ovaries have been removed . So presumably there is some cue in normal female urine that attracts male interest . ''
But beyond simply measuring the activity of neurons , the researchers analyzed male mouse behavior when exposed to the two chemicals .
`` These two compounds alone are very good at mimicking the increased interest that males show to female mouse urine , '' Holy said . `` If you take one or both of these compounds and add them to male mouse urine -- a stimulus male mice normally spend little time with -- all of a sudden they become much more interested . It does n't explain the whole effect of female urine on male mice , but it explains a large fraction of the response . We think there 's still some component of the response to female urine that we 're not mimicking yet . ''
Similarly , applying these chemicals to the bodies of female mice without ovaries substantially increased the number of times males attempted to mate with them . And conversely , the researchers showed that removing these two chemicals from female mouse urine substantially reduced male mating behavior .
Holy said this study is an important piece of the puzzle in understanding the neurobiology of mammals .
`` One of the nice things about this pheromone system is that it 's a relatively simple and compact neural circuit in a complicated animal , '' he said . `` It does n't occupy a large percentage of the mouse 's brain and yet it does interesting things like sex recognition , decision making and learning . It 's great that we now have a new set of tools to manipulate neurons and see how they respond and what the downstream consequences are . ''
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
CLEVELAND — How could the single most exciting presidential candidate in the history of voting possibly pick the single most boring vice-presidential candidate in the history of the world ?
By picking Indiana Gov . Mike Pence , real estate mogul Donald J. Trump would take a serious departure from the instinctual campaign style and gunslinging strategy that has served him so well and allowed him to pull some of the most unlikely spectacular political surprises in recent political times .
He went from laughingstock to clearing a field of 18 candidates , most of whom were seasoned political professionals . He hijacked a party that prides itself on recycling old “ safe ” candidates . He kicked off the general election in a dead heat with the most dominant political machine in the past 25 years .
Picking Mr. Pence , as it was being widely reported Thursday , is the first time Mr. Trump has taken the professional route in this entire campaign .
Obviously , Mr. Pence is the “ safe ” choice — at least as “ safe ” is determined by the establishment Republicans who are now working to get into the good graces of the man who hijacked their party . To them , Mike Pence is somebody they understand and can relate to . They have all wrestled in the sewer together for years .
But there are far more reasons why Mr. Pence is not the best choice .
First , he is a career professional politician who has been shimmying up the greasy pole for two decades . He first ran for congress in 1998 , making him one of the only people Donald Trump could pick as his running mate who would have been in national politics longer than Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Also , not sure how much Mr. Pence helps a Trump ticket . Do you really think that a devoutly Christian conservative who has principled reasons for objecting to Mr. Trump will suddenly lose all reservations with a Pence pick ? And what ever handful of such voters you can find will be offset by the independents attracted to the irreligious Mr. Trump .
Anyway , Mr. Pence is as boring as they come . For many presidential nominees , this would be an asset because if you are dullards like Mitt Romney or John Kerry , you are rightly terrified that if you picked a bowl of cold , leftover rice as your running mate , you would probably get overshadowed .
Mr. Trump runs the risk of NOBODY ever overshadowing him . Period .
If he really wanted to double down on Mr. Trump , here are three people he should have picked .
1 . Ivanka Trump — Of all the people Mr. Trump could choose as his No . 2 , none would be Trumpier than his daughter , Ivanka .
After all , Mr. Trump himself has acknowledged that had he not sired her , he would probably seek to date her . As would any other red-blooded available American who likes a strong , smart capable woman . It does n't hurt that she is danged good looking .
Not only would she stand to make history as the country 's first Jewish vice president , she brings a host of other enormous assets .
Ivanka Trump is a flawless spokeswoman for her father and his values and his political beliefs . She is successful and immensely respected , especially among young women and people who are new to politics . She — and her family — are living proof that for all of the entertaining carnival antics of her father , he did a seriously great job raising his children .
Picking his daughter to be vice president would be to go all in in the new Trump family business . Just like plastering his name in gold lettering on his latest high rise .
It would be the birth of a new dynasty .
2 . Rudy Giuliani — Because what strong man does n't like to have a strong man at his side ?
Mr. Trump has run his entire campaign as if he is running for mayor . He is going to fix bridges , fill potholes and build that wall along the Mexico border .
For all of his lack of granular details , few candidates in recent political history have gotten as deep in the weeds of who is raping and murdering whom and picked more personal fights with reporters , politicians and other personalities . It 's like a Chicago mayor 's race , but national .
Since Mr. Trump is running as mayor of the nation , why not go ahead and pick “ America 's mayor . ”
And there is absolutely nobody Mr. Trump could pick that would more boldly declare that he is running as the “ law and order candidate ” against the secretary of Benghazi who issued a correction for uttering that “ all lives matter . ”
3 . Newt Gingrich — Mr. Trump himself has admitted that even if elected , he may not serve . This is understandable for a guy who leads a pretty exciting life and is accustomed to making things happen on his timeline .
This is where Mr. Gingrich comes in . He knows the inner workings of Washington , he has a yuuuuuge brain and is famous for thinking way outside the box . He is an outsider who still has the GPS coordinates for every body buried in Washington for the past 30 years .
Even many of the # NeverTrumpers out there have so much respect for Mr. Gingrich that they would have a very difficult time not supporting a ticket that includes him .
Donald J. Trump could hand over control to his policy wonk genius , leaving him in charge of all the details . This would make Mr. Gingrich something of a prime minister , allowing Mr. Trump to be more of a king .
After all , it is good to be the king . And that has gotten Donald Trump all this way .
• Charles Hurt can be reached at [ email protected ] ; follow him on Twitter via @ charleshurt .
Sign up for Charles Hurt 's Newsletter
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Opinion - As my personal contribution to the smooth functioning of parliamentary democracy , I 'd like to suggest the National Party caucus be made to watch all three series of the lauded Danish TV drama Borgen .
Photo : RNZ
If you have n't seen it , the programme follows the rapid rise of a young , charismatic female politician to leader of a minority government , requiring skilful coalition negotiations and the constant management of compromise and competing agendas .
Big issues such as immigration , environmental standards , health care and state pensions force the various parties to balance their political ideals with the pragmatic solutions required to govern and stay in power .
Sound familiar ?
Denmark is not a mirror of New Zealand , but the core ingredients of proportional politics in the two countries are broadly similar . Which is why a good old binge-watch of Borgen might be just what certain National MPs and their cheerleaders need to help them adapt to the realities of a new era .
Put simply , 2017 was the year MMP came of age . Yet , like ageing duffers exasperated by newfangled technology , the National Party has blamed everything and everyone except itself for the system not working to its liking .
Central to their dismay has been the fantasy that being the largest single party should automatically confer the right to be part of a government . It 's hard to know precisely what informs this kind of self-delusional thinking - a sense of entitlement , hubris , an inability to count perhaps - but it should be enough on its own to have anyone espousing such nonsense disqualified from running a country .
To be charitable , you might say they did n't see it coming . With Labour sleep-walking to defeat and the polls routinely flattering them , National might be forgiven for feeling a little born to rule . Then Andrew Little did the decent thing , Jacinda Ardern took the poisoned chalice , Metiria Turei self-immolated , and suddenly the future was n't what it used to be .
Photo : RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King
The first of its TV commercials perfectly encapsulated National 's inability to recalibrate : a hobbled quartet of bewildered Labour-Green-NZ First stand-ins being passed by a uniform squad of teal-clad superior beings on the road to a one-party brighter future .
Deep within the molecular structure of the National brain , one has to assume , there is an evolutionarily hard-wired propensity for binary thinking . There 's no other explanation for this persistent tendency to view MMP through a First Past the Post lens . Not only does it betray a fundamental failure to grasp the essence of consensus politics , it 's also a timely reminder , on the 21st birthday of MMP , of why so many New Zealanders voted to change the electoral system in the first place .
Jacinda Ardern is too young to have ever voted under FPP ( in fact , she was too young even to vote in the first MMP election ) , so this is second hand for her . But the road to reform was rancorous and at times deeply divisive . The anti-MMP camp , disingenuously named the Campaign for Better Government , fought bitterly to retain the old system that had allowed successive governments to ram through policies without any genuine popular mandate .
Good government , it was argued , depended on certainty , decisiveness , an ability to act unfettered by the constraints of compromise . It was essentially a business vision , in keeping with its funding base and deep pockets . Its frontman , Peter Shirtcliffe , now works with Don Brash on the Hobson 's Pledge campaign to roll back the constitutional and legal status of the Treaty of Waitangi - a fact worth mentioning only because it illustrates the continuity of a reactionary strain in New Zealand political thinking that runs right up to the present .
The ultimately successful campaign for change was less about idealistic notions of fairness and diversity than the straightforward desire to end a system of `` elective dictatorship '' that handed too much power to the largest party in parliament .
One senses a yearning for those easy certainties in the bad-tempered reaction of National to its eviction from the Beehive . Conveniently , the claim that an illegitimate `` coalition of losers '' somehow hijacked the country also allows the real losers - that is , the ones who failed to secure a majority - to avoid meaningful reflection or reckoning .
But reckon they must . Unless they truly believe , against all logic and experience , that they will one day secure an outright majority , National will have to start playing the MMP game properly . Like it or not , they will have to find common ground with other parties and actively cultivate the potential to work with them in future . They may even need to encourage the growth of new parties of the right .
The calculus of consensus does not call for petulant and obstructive opposition . It requires subtle and strategic alliances , an ability to adapt to the mood of the whole electorate , not just one 's own tribe , and an acceptance that the greater good sometimes outweighs special interests . That 's what a majority of New Zealanders voted for when they opted for MMP .
There is a counterfactual argument that , had things been reversed and Labour been the largest single party but not in government , the Left would have howled as loudly as the Right . There 's probably truth in this , but the exact same arguments would and should apply .
MMP is n't perfect . As Borgen so entertainingly shows , proportional systems are still hotbeds of intrigue , instability , inefficiency and personality cults . But as a mechanism for reconciling our disparate perspectives and agendas it is vastly preferable to what came before .
At the very least , the 2017 general election will be looked back on as the point at which most of us ( memo to National : more than 50 percent ) began consigning the old ways to the dustbin of history .
Recent events have forced me to do a lot of deep and involved soul-searching . In a little over 24 hours , the nation has watched in bewilderment as the reputation of a wonderful man has been called into question . The worst part about this embarrassing scandal is that it has all been at the expense of a generous , kind , and , above all , trusting man named Manti Te ' o , whose only crime was caring for me : an imaginary person who does not exist .
And because of this , I just want to say : I 'm sorry , Manti , for everything I 've put you through .
Advertisement
Though I know mere words can not do much when the entire world wants to know why you behaved as you did , I want everyone to know that I never meant to hurt you . Indeed , had I known the things I did not do would have caused so much harm , I would have told you from the start that I was n't real and that we were n't actually communicating in any actual sense of the word .
Looking back , our relationship seems like something out of a storybook : a romantic bond forged between a star Notre Dame linebacker and me , a beautiful , entirely fictitious 22-year-old Stanford student . The love Manti and I had been so strong we never once had to question the basic fundamentals of spatial reality or the nature of being—we were just one person and one fictional non-person who were head over heels for each other .
But as time went on , I will admit to being seized by an overwhelming sense of guilt and regret for leading Manti on and making him believe that I was an actual person who existed . I was ashamed of the simple , glaring fact that I am not , nor have I ever been , a real human being . I thought about telling him the truth , but what would I say ? That I never had cancer ? That I did n't actually deliver him a message on my deathbed asking him to play through the Michigan State game instead of coming to my funeral that did n't happen ? That I 'm not real ?
Advertisement
Perhaps a bigger woman could admit such things , but not me . I mean , God , I 'm not even alive .
And now , after the sham of my death , and my life , has been revealed , the great injustice is that the consequences for my mistakes are falling on Manti . However , it 's not his fault , even though he must have known in his heart of hearts that this woman whom he had never met or spoken to was not real . Indeed , the more illogical and contradictory every piece of evidence relating to my purported existence appeared , the more he cared . But that 's just Manti for you . My sweet , caring Manti .
Nor , by the way , is any of this the fault of Notre Dame , which allowed the truth of my nonexistence to remain hidden well after it learned of the reality of the situation . Blameless also is the media , which went along with the entire hoax without making even a cursory inquiry into my purported life or background .
Advertisement
And so , I want to formally apologize for what I 've done . Try as I might , I ca n't blame anyone else but myself . I 'm the one who is n't real , and this is all on me .
But please believe me when I say I still have so many great memories about the times we had together , Manti , even if said times never actually happened . We had something really special together , something that transcended trifling matters such as physical reality and the nature of existence .
The truth is , I still care about you , Manti , and I 'm willing to give this another shot . I know it may take you a while to learn to trust me again , but I 'm begging you to take that chance . Why ? Because I love you , Manti Te ' o . That 's right . Lennay Kekua , an imaginary human who does not exist , is telling you that she loves you . I know it 's crazy . I know we 're probably all wrong for each other on numerous physical and metaphysical levels , but I do n't care . I want you back in my life , or rather the system of non-actualized identifying descriptors I refer to as “ my life. ” We can still make this work . We can still be together , albeit with a somewhat looser definition of what constitutes “ being , ” exactly .
Advertisement
Please , I implore you with all my heart , take a chance on our love . After all , what 's the worst that could happen ?
Following no fewer than three alarming incidents last weekend at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park , as well as other safety related concerns earlier this year , a number TUDOR United SportsCar Championship teams are pushing for the return of the IMSA Safety Team .
The longtime traveling staff of medical and safety workers , which had been a mainstay in the American Le Mans Series since its inception in 1999 , was disbanded late last year in the wake of the sports car merger and IMSA 's new insurance policy .
A “ Track Services ” program has since taken charge , with local fire , EMT and safety workers staffed at each circuit to handle emergency situations . While IMSA still has a response unit at each race , its limited crew is not authorized for any hands-on medical attention to drivers .
The transition has n't come without incident . A fire from the Riley Motorsports Dodge Viper at Sebring took more than 20 minutes to extinguish , while the DeltaWing burned to the ground last weekend following a similar blaze that was n't controlled quickly .
While a Continental Tire SportsCar Challenge car burned up at CTMP as well , perhaps the most concerning incident of the weekend was Boris Said 's heavy crash in the Marsh Racing Corvette DP , which saw a slow response time to the dazed and injured driver , in a car that reportedly had a punctured fuel cell .
“ I 've been concerned with what I 've been seeing all year long , especially at [ CTMP ] , ” AJR team owner Alex Job told Sportscar365 . “ We need the IMSA safety crew back , so we have the proper trained doctors , personnel and equipment .
“ This is a professional series with extreme diversity in the cars . We need a professional safety crew that knows the drivers , the cars and the teams ' needs . ”
One of the major concerns has been driver extraction . IMSA 's previous traveling staff were specifically trained on the intricacies of each car , while the local crews typically are not .
“ The ALMS safety team was a superb organization , ” Risi Competizione team manager Dave Sims said . “ The extraction system they had , they used to come around and extract drivers in the paddock to see how they would do it . We 've had nobody at all [ this year ] and I 've been pushing hard for this to happen .
Sims experienced the situation first-hand at the Rolex 24 at Daytona , when his driver , Matteo Malucelli , was involved in a massive accident with GAINSCO/Bob Stallings Racing 's Memo Gidley . The crash sent both drivers to the hospital and left Gidley with serious injuries .
“ At Daytona with Malucelli 's [ accident ] , they went to the door and slammed the door on him thinking he was OK but he was n't . He was unconscious , ” Sims said . “ Then they struggled to get him out because they did n't realize they could take the door off .
“ It 's paramount that they get a safety team in the series . A lot of the manufacturers are getting very scared . The worst thing to do is to have a driver get seriously injured or killed in one of the works cars . ”
When asked by Sportscar365 , multiple manufacturer representatives declined comment on the safety matter .
No fewer than three cars have also been destroyed this year due to prolonged fires , an issue that could have been easily avoided , according to Sims .
“ When the DeltaWing caught fire , the guys did n't know how to turn the master switch off . It was same with the Viper at Sebring , ” he said . “ It was just pouring fuel on the fire . ”
Added Extreme Speed Motorsports team manager Robin Hill : “ If you look back to the Sebring race , where the Viper was burned down to the ground , the TV camera blatantly looked at the fire marshal , standing on the other side of the fence , with his fire extinguisher , not doing a thing .
“ They burnt up $ 400,000 plus , which could have easily been avoided . ”
Job , Sims and a handful of other team owners and managers voiced their concerns to IMSA management last weekend at CTMP , including President and CEO Scott Atherton and CEO Ed Bennett .
While the sanctioning body has been receptive to the teams ' concerns , no decision has been taken on what to do moving forward .
“ IMSA takes safety and on-track incidents very seriously , and a careful review of the events of last weekend is currently under way , ” Atherton said in a statement provided to Sportscar365 . “ It would be premature to speculate on any changes to our Track Services program at this time . ”
Traveling safety teams have been a critical part of many series , such as IndyCar , Pirelli World Challenge and NHRA , but none of the championships under the NASCAR umbrella , including the former GRAND-AM series , has utilized such a system .
“ I 've never run with a sanctioning body that 's had that response team , ” Spirit of Daytona team owner Troy Flis said . “ It 's hard for me to say that 's a big thing . Everything I 've always had , they 've done a good job on . ”
Flis , who has been involved in GRAND-AM since its inception , has been pleased with IMSA 's new Track Services program and saw a positive initiative from the group at CTMP .
“ I was very impressed in Canada as one of the safety crews did walk around the car and ask some questions about how to turn off the power , ” he said . “ It 's great they had the interest . ”
The IMSA Safety Team , however , served more than just the drivers on track , as ESM 's Hill points out .
“ It 's not only the drivers but the crews too . People get hurt in the paddock . People fall off tailgates , ” he said .
“ Last year , if one of my guys got hurt under the tent , I knew exactly where to go and to which person to bring them over to help my guy .
“ Right now , I 'm running around trying to find out where a medical person might be that might be able to deal with my crew guy .
“ It 's not a very reassuring thought that if you 're lying on the ground with a broken leg that you do n't know whose going to come look after you .
“ I think IMSA really needs to sit back and look at it to see what the goal is . Ultimately we 're putting on a show for the fans , which is great . But we are racing , which is a dangerous sport . That 's why safety has to be paramount . ”
Job , meanwhile , is hopeful that the situation will be acted upon .
“ I know myself and some other people have pleaded a big case last weekend , ” he said . “ I guess time will tell what will come of it . I would just like to think positively that they will come to their senses and bring the IMSA safety crew back .
“ We killed a car [ last Friday ] and by the grace of God we did n't kill a driver . I hope it does n't take killing a driver to finally get that acted upon . ”
The city of San Diego will provide a camping area for the homeless , with 24-hour security , bathrooms and storage , beginning Monday , according to the mayor 's office .
The 136-space facility will be set up in the parking lot of the city operations yard in Golden Hill , just south of the Balboa Park Golf Course .
`` While we work to open more shelters , this transitional camp area will provide hundreds of homeless men and women a safe and clean space as an alternative to living on the sidewalk , '' Mayor Kevin Faulconer said . `` No one should be sleeping in a public place in unsanitary conditions . ''
The camping area will be operated by the nonprofit Alpha Project like a typical campground with rules and regulations and an on-site manager . Each person will register and be assigned a 13- by 13-foot campsite , but each space can accommodate one or more individuals .
RELATED : New Homeless Camp To Open Monday In San Diego
Some city operations and personnel have been moved to make room for the camp , which will be temporary until three larger tent shelters open .
A lack of shelter space is being blamed in part for an outbreak of hepatitis A in San Diego that has killed 17 people . The City Council on Monday declared an emergency over a lack of shelter space for the homeless , whose numbers have grown dramatically over the past few years .
`` We 've been pushing for safe camping because homeless on streets and in canyons is not a solution in any neighborhood , and the communities I represent have felt that acutely , '' said Councilman Chris Ward , chairman of the City Council 's Select Committee on Homelessness .
`` This Transitional Camp Area — especially as our sanitation efforts continue to address public health concerns — provides people a place to go rather than just moving them from place to place , '' Ward said .
The councilman — whose district of downtown , Hillcrest and North Park is heavily affected by homelessness — said he hopes to find more areas to shelter the homeless throughout the city and in neighboring cities .
To view PDF documents , Download Acrobat Reader .
This is just the starter , so I 'm expecting the chapters to be longer than this . I hope you enjoy it all .
P.S Could someone tell me if I used irony right at the start ? It would be highly appreciated . Thank you for reading !
There stood Beacon Academy , a symbol of pure irony to the world . It had originally been built so tall as to be a way to show the world that there is still hope , but its fractured and broken figure served as a way to show that there no hope left for anyone . It had been the first target of many terrorist attacks from the White Fang . It had lain there for 2 years , no one dared to go near in fear of what the White Fang . Eventually , peopled feared these terrorists that they managed to take power from the government through fear .
As time went on , people grew tired of this rule , and decided to rebel . The first to jump to this was Blake Belladonna , who wished to make what she originally thought of the White Fang to be true . She led a group called the Red Fang . They wanted to peacefully take back control from the White Fang , but she knew that doing things completely through peace would not work , so she created a splinter group . This group , called Hotel Zulu , would work undercover to make sure that the rest of the Red Fangs operations went smoothly . Even though she did lead these two groups , Blake always put team RWBY first . Up until this point in time , the splinter cell has gotten bigger , to the point where it is not so much a splinter group as it is another group altogether , still lead by Blake .
Weiss Schnee had become the new leader of the Schnee dust company , and as soon as she entered her office , she used the money and relationships her father had made to attempt to right the wrongs that he had committed . Her first step was to free all the faunus labourers that did not want to work there . She made sure that they all had a job secured somewhere else , using the money she had to help each individual faunus to ease into a normal working life , even going so far as to fund a joint project with Blake to create a town just for the faunus . All of this helped repair the broken bonds between the faunus race and the humans , allowing the Red Fang space to grow .
Yang is now a mother to two twins , called Ember and Celica . Because Weiss is constantly at work with the company , Yang has become a stay at home mother , but when she does feel the need to go out , she calls upon her beloved sister , Ruby , to look after the kids . All four of them , Yang , Ruby and the kids love each other dearly , but as most stories try to prove , just because you love someone , does n't mean they 'll live forever .
However , this story does not focus on any of them in particular . This story will focus on a member of the group Hotel Zulu . His name is Eric Lindergren , and his story will take you back through time , to when things were slightly more peaceful .
But first…
If you 've be wondering what clothes Eric 's been wearing , look up
RWBY Concepts : OC - Siy
by dishwasher1910
and
RWBY- Pyrrha Nikos - SPARTAN armourby dishwasher1910
He wears the same clothes as the concept art girl , but he also has Pyrrha 's Spartan armour shoulder piece over his trench coat .
A former Miami Dolphins scout has threatened a lawsuit against the franchise and the NFL alleging his recent dismissal violated the Americans with Disabilities Act .
FOX Sports 1 has learned that the attorney for Nate Sullivan sent an intent-to-initiate-litigation letter to the Dolphins and league . The document , which was obtained by FOX Sports 1 and sent via overnight mail Tuesday to the Dolphins and NFL , claims that Sullivan was terminated earlier this month because new Miami general manager Dennis Hickey was unhappy about his remote working status .
A 17-year Dolphins scout , Sullivan began working from home in 2004 to better assist in medical treatment for his wife , JoAnne . She suffers from cystic fibrosis — a potentially fatal lung disease — as well as a debilitating blood vessel ailment ( polyarteritis nodosa ) .
Article continues below ...
The couple moved to Central Florida in 2006 so JoAnne could receive support from her immediate family in the area , the letter states .
This arrangement was allowed by three former Dolphins general managers : Rick Spielman , Randy Mueller and Jeff Ireland . Ireland quit in January and was replaced by Hickey , who had spent the previous 18 seasons working in Tampa Bay 's personnel department .
When he was fired on May 12 , Sullivan claims Hickey told him the reason was that working remotely `` just did not work for him . ''
Sullivan 's attorney , Jason L. Harr , contends that reasoning would violate Title 29 of the Americans With Disabilities Act that states `` it is unlawful for a covered entity to exclude or deny equal jobs or benefits to , or otherwise discriminate against , a qualified individual because of the known disability of an individual with whom the qualified individual is known to have a family , business , social or other relationship or association . ''
The intent-to-initiate-litigation letter also states the Dolphins began excluding cystic fibrosis medications from their health care when revamping their insurance offerings in April . Harr told FOX Sports 1 that the cost of one prescription skyrocketed from $ 10 to $ 3,000 per pill under the new policy .
`` It is our understanding that Cystic Fibrosis was the only terminal medical condition singled out , '' the letter states . `` This drastic reduction in health care benefits jeopardized JoAnne Sullivan 's ability to afford her pharmaceuticals , shifting an exorbitant financial burden on the Sullivans . ''
Harr told FOX Sports 1 that Sullivan is seeking his former job back `` with full healthcare benefits that continue to cover the illnesses his wife is stricken with . ''
`` Our hope is they change their mind and reinstate Mr. Sullivan , '' said Harr , who is prepared to seek damages otherwise .
The intent-to-initiate-litigation letter states the NFL is also listed as a potential defendant because the league has `` not officially disciplined nor taken steps to eliminate the systemic discriminatory practices by the Miami Dolphins , LTD. '' The letter cites the `` ignorant and inappropriate homosexual comments '' directed at former Dolphins offensive lineman Jonathan Martin as part of the Richie Incognito bullying scandal as well as recent homophobic tweets by Miami defensive back Don Jones about St. Louis Rams defensive end Michael Sam .
`` This ( NFL ) inaction only serves to foster these illegal practices , '' the letter states . `` The National Football League has failed to ensure a working environment within ( the Dolphins ) which eliminates discrimination in all its reprehensible forms . ''
Spokesmen for the Dolphins and NFL both declined comment on the letter to FOX Sports 1 .
The Dolphins suspended Incognito last November as details emerged about the bullying scandal and fired two employees ( offensive line coach Jim Turner and athletic trainer Kevin O'Neill ) after a scathing NFL-sponsored investigation of the situation was made public in February .
The Dolphins suspended Jones from their offseason workout program for one week and required him to undergo `` educational training '' for his comments about Sam , who is the NFL 's first openly gay aspirant . As first reported by FOX Sports 1 , Jones was reinstated on May 19 .
Sullivan , who is not commenting on the advice of his attorney , was hired in Miami 's pro scouting department in 1997 under then-head coach and de facto general manager Jimmy Johnson . Sullivan 's job included reviewing game film and providing written scouting reports to the team 's front office .
Homeland security 's mission has transformed from fighting terrorists to stealing women 's underwear for supposed intellectual property violations .
From the Kansas City Star :
Peregrine Honig says she just wanted to help celebrate the hometown team when she designed Lucky Royals boyshorts .
The panties , with “ Take the Crown ” and “ KC ” across the rear , were set to be sold in Honig 's Birdies Panties shop Monday . But Homeland Security agents visited the Crossroads store and confiscated the few dozen pairs of underwear , printed in Kansas City by Lindquist Press .
“ They came in and there were two guys ” Honig said . “ I asked one of them what size he needed and he showed me a badge and took me outside . They told me they were from Homeland Security and we were violating copyright laws . ”
She thought that since the underwear featured her hand-drawn design , she was safe . But the officers explained that by connecting the “ K ” and the “ C , ” she infringed on major league baseball copyright . ( The officials involved could not be immediately reached for comment . )
They placed the underwear in an official Homeland Security bag and had Honig sign a statement saying she would n't use the logo . This would be considered a trademark violation , not copyright , I 'm not sure if the victim misunderstood the agents , or the agents themselves were clueless ( regardless , both laws are crazy ) .
What 's interesting is how since the department 's inception their goal was never to stop terrorism but to police the domestic population , be it through raiding toy stores for suspected copyright infringement one year after the department 's creation back in 2004 , or panty raids as they just did in Kansas now ten years later .
When there is no actual terrorists to police with all the high-tech police state gear you spent billions of taxpayers ' dollars on , you have to use it somewhere .
Here 's a video report on the theft from 41 Action News :
Note , the store owner asked to see a warrant , to which the police responded by `` waving a cellphone with a message on it . ''
One has to wonder if they even had a warrant , there was a story just a few days ago about how the secret service instructed police in Tennessee engaged in a standoff to fake a warrant by `` waving a piece of paper around . ''
_
Chris runs the website InformationLiberation.com , you can read more of his articles here . Follow infolib on Twitter .
The blaze broke out at about 2:54 a.m. Saturday at the two-story brick rowhouse on the 1900 block of Lakeview Road .
Chionchio said Fana-Ruiz was arrested early Thursday without incident by the State Fire Marshal 's Office and the Wilmington Police Department . She is in custody .
According to court documents obtained by the Wilmington News Journal and posted on its website , Fana-Ruiz told agents with the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in an interview Wednesday that she had been angry and had gone into the basement of the house , started a fire , then fled from the basement .
Investigators with the ATF and the Delaware State Fire Marshal 's Office determined Fana-Ruiz intentionally set the fire by igniting flammable or combustible material with an open flame , causing about $ 200,000 in damages to the home , court documents said .
Seven people were in the house at the time . Chionchio declined to specify who was in the house at the time .
Veteran Nigerian politician Femi Fani-Kayode has expressed his horror and disgust at the human slave trade which has sprung up in the Libyan failed state in the aftermath of NATO 's destructive bombing campaign which resulted in the torture and murder of Libyan revolutionary leader Muammar Gaddafi .
Fani-Kayode has stated ,
“ The greatest calamity that befell Africa in the last 20 years was the murder of Muammar Ghadaffi in Libya ” .
The greatest calamity that befell Africa in the last 20 years was the murder of Muammar Ghadaffi in Libya . The second was the coming to power of Muhammadu Buhari in Nigeria . The full implications of these 2 tragic , monumental and cataclysmic events are yet to be seen . — Femi Fani-Kayode ( @ realFFK ) November 27 , 2017
Fani-Kayode has also Tweeted photographs of salves in Libya , presumably of Nigerian origin , while suggesting that the issue might be worth going to war over .
If there were ever a reason or cause for us to go to war , the Libyans have provided it by enslaving our people and buying and selling them like Christmas turkeys and sallah goats . No human being deserves to be caged like an animal and roasted like suya meat . pic.twitter.com/MMQMr5MBFM — Femi Fani-Kayode ( @ realFFK ) November 30 , 2017
During his leadership of the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Muammar Gaddafi shared his country 's wealth with his pan-African allies . Libya also provided well paying jobs for thousands of black Africans . When the Jamahiriya was overthrown by NATO in 2011 , many of these individuals fled for their lives as Takfiri terrorists began a campaign of ethnic cleansing which has morphed into a slave trade .
As I detailed in a recent piece :
The Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya whose most prominent leader was Muammar Gaddafi , even after he relinquished titular status , was a country that moulded itself on the unique Third International Theory . This new ideology combined elements of traditional Arab Nationalism , the socialist model of Yugoslavia , direct democracy and pan-Africanism .
As detailed on his Green Books , Gaddafi 's official ideas helped develop Libya from a state which in its pre-revolutionary days had virtually no modern infrastructure , little modern housing , no real modern irrigation or sewage systems , low levels of literacy and a very low life expectancy , to one which attained the highest living standards in Africa history , where housing was either cheap or free , education and healthcare were free , petrol and car ownership was subsidised by the state , food was cheap and plentiful and where a highly elaborate man-made river made the desert bloom .
But above all of these achievements , Gaddafi 's revolutionary leadership helped close the gap between Arabism and the pan-African liberation movement .
Gaddafi 's foreign policy could not be easily pinned-down into any specific geo-political bloc . He was his own man and the foreign policy of the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya reflected this .
Libya was the only Arab state to support Iran during the Iran-Iraq war , apart from Syria and likewise , one of the few states in the wider Muslim world to support the socialist Yugoslav government in its war against terrorism and fascism during the 1990s .
As Gadafi became increasingly ostracised by Arab League governments who loathed his independent streak in foreign policy and moreover , resented Libya 's general independence from the western financial system , Gaddafi turned increasingly little to the prodigal Arab world and more towards Africa .
Gaddafi supported every major African liberation movement on the continent , even those who were rejected by both China and the Soviet Union . South Africa 's Nelson Mandela maintained a lifelong friendship with Gaddafi whom he called ‘ Brother Gaddafi ' , as did many Africans .
But Gaddafi did more than support liberation movements in Africa . Because the economic boom Gaddafi created required a larger labour force than Libyans could provide , Gaddafi invited many black Africans to work in the Arab state . They were paid incredibly well , not just by African but international standards and they became integrated into Libyan society in spite of their racial backgrounds . While most of the black Africans who came to Libya were Muslims , some Christians also come and they were treated with the same courtesy as Muslims .
This was Libya then . Today , Libya is a failed state with several governments and many terrorist groups and piratical gangs competing for land , resources and influence . Among the first casualties of Libyan society when NATO invaded , was the safety of the black population . From the beginning of the NATO led war , black men and women in Libya were beaten , tortured , physical molested in other unspeakable ways and of course many more were killed . Those who could escape , did so , with many dying of dehydration in the desert , during the process .
Shortly after 2011 , captured blacks became literally enslaved by various Takfiri gangs ruling Libya . This trend is nothing new , all that has changed is that the price of a black slave has recently gone up from the low hundreds or a barrel of oil , to at most , the mid hundreds .
It has only been since the defeat of ISIS in Syria and Iraq that the western mainstream media has paid any attention to the tragic condition of black men and women in Libya . From 2011 until very recently , very little was ever said about this tragic development .
While some welcome this apparent about face from the mainstream media , I would urge caution . It was the mainstream media that lied constantly about Libya in the prelude to NATO 's deadly invasion in 2011 .
It was the mainstream media that failed to state that those in 2011 causing agitations in Benghazi were al-Qaeda terrorists , many of whom were trained and transported to Libya by western governments . It was the mainstream media that made up a total lie about Libya , saying that the armed forces gave the drug Viagra to soldiers and told them to go on a raping spree . This outlandish allegation had zero basis in fact .
It was the mainstream media that failed to tell its gullible viewers that Libya was transformed by Gaddafi from a wasteland into a sophisticated society with high living standards and a population with extremely long life expediencies . More to the point , it was the mainstream media which dismissed early reports that black people in Libya , would be among the first victims of the war .
With the western powers on the losing side of the wars in Syria and to a degree , in Iraq also , many of the terrorists who have not been killed will flee to Libya . Many already have reached Libya which is effectively the next stop on the ‘ jihad express ' .
Because of this , western media outlets are looking for an angle to justify further military intervention in Libya . Moreover , with the secular Libyan House of Representatives making gains against terrorists thanks to the leadership of Khalifa Haftar and the Libyan National Army , many are worried that the western backed puppet government in Tripoli called the Government of National Accord , may lose what very little power it has . Haftar by contrast is openly supported by Egypt and has had many high-level meetings with Russian officials , including Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov .
If Haftar is able to gain further success in his war against terrorism , it would be another sign that the west has lost control of a country they once successfully destroyed .
If the western mainstream media did not care about the black population of Libya when they cheered on the terrorists who killed and enslaved them , why should they care now ? The logical answer is that they do not care any more now than they did when they had a chance to explain why a war on Libya would unleash a plague of racist violence on a stable country . The mainstream media are now , simply looking for a new narrative to justify further war on a country whose only stable , secular factions are those operating independently of the west .
BROWNLOW Medallist and former West Coast star Ben Cousins has been sentenced to 12 months jail and fined $ 2400 over stalking and drug offences .
Cousins was sentenced in Perth Magistrates Court on Tuesday , having previously pleaded guilty to 11 offences , including aggravated stalking , breaching a violence restraining order and drug possession .
When the former West Coast captain was arrested , police found eight grams of meth in his possession , which his lawyer Michael Tudori told the court would only last him four days .
The VRO was taken out by his former partner Maylea Tinecheff , with whom he has two children , aged three and five .
The court heard the VRO breaches related to Cousins , 38 , visiting the children 's school and church and making repeated phone calls to his former partner . Cousins called Ms Tinecheff 371 times in February before his arrest , including 50 times in one day .
In November , he contacted her 542 times , including 103 times in one day . The police prosecutor said Ms Tinecheff feared for her safety and that of her children because Cousins was unpredictable when under the influence of drugs .
Cousins , who was supported in court by his father , looked calm , had a full beard and was wearing the same T-shirt he had worn the previous day to court .
Ben Cousins was fined $ 2000 in December over breaches of a violence restraining order and drug charges . Source : AAP
Mr Tudori said the Brownlow Medallist had “ hit rock bottom ” with his heavy drug usage , which caused psychosis .
“ It 's the root of all his problems , ” he said .
Mr Tudori said while Cousins had been reluctant to address his drug addiction , his five weeks in prison had changed him .
“ The ultimate master of his own destiny is himself , ” he said .
“ No one can force him , but he 's at the stage where he accepts that he needs to grab the hand of help .
“ The community 's far better if he does take that help because what 's the other alternative ?
“ He needs intensive therapy . ”
Mr Tudori said the residential rehab program Cousins wanted to be part of could last six to 12 months and would include urinalysis and counselling . He also said Cousins had not worked properly since the end of his football career and had been living off his savings .
But magistrate Richard Huston said Cousins ' criminal behaviour was “ persistent , sustained and intended ” .
Ben Cousins is considered one of the Eagles ' best players in the club 's history . Source : Supplied
“ The outcome today must include imprisonment , ” he said .
Mr Huston said Cousins had caused ongoing terror and misery to the victim .
“ Anxiety , fear and worry is an injury , ” he said .
Cousins will be eligible for parole within months and will also have his driver 's licence suspended for an additional nine months .
Cousins is considered one of the Eagles ' best players in the club 's history . He was part of the Eagles ' 2006 premiership side , while he also won a Brownlow Medal , six All-Australian jumpers , four best and fairests and the 1996 Rising Star award .
He played 238 games for the Eagles before crossing over to Richmond for the 2009 and 2010 seasons where he added another 32 games to his tally .
— AAP with staff writers
A Santa Clarita vape shop is rolling its Independence Day celebration into one for the Second Amendment , as well — by giving away an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle with a raffle for customers , the owner of Awesometown Vapors said Tuesday .
The owner of Awesometown Vapors , located in Saugus , is raffling off the semi-automatic rifle July 2 as part of a Fourth of July sale .
“ In an effort to draw attention to the constant encroachment on our right to vape , we have opted to give away an AR-15 rifle , ” said Guy Casablanca , the owner of Awesometown Vapors . “ Because that has become the poster child for devices that are sought to be banned with really unsubstantiated grounds behind ( banning them ) . ”
The vape shop owner stressed the promotion was not about the recent controversy surrounding the AR-15 rifle , which is similar to the one used in the Orlando shooting earlier this month .
The winner of the raffle will not be able to pick up the rifle from the store , according to officials .
“ There is absolutely no way the state of California would allow me to hand a semi-automatic rifle to a stranger over my counter , ” said Casablanca .
“ The person who wins ( the prize ) has to be able to legally purchase that firearm , ” said Rich Nagler , owner of Adams Armory , and a retired Sheriff 's Department sergeant who has more than three decades of experience with firearms .
“ On the surface of this thing , yes , ( it is ) very controversial , ” said Casablanca . “ Is there any way to circumvent the California law ? Of course not . ”
Officials with the Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff 's Station said that as long as all proper procedures are met and the winner passes the California background check , the giveaway is legal .
“ As long as it 's a California ( law ) -compliant gun , and the winner can pass the background check , and that the transfer of registration is done legally , then there 's nothing illegal about ( the gun giveaway ) , ” said Kevin Duxbury of the Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff 's Station . “ They would have to go through a licensed gun dealer to do the transfer and the gun shop would be responsible ( for screening the raffle winner ) .
“ It would be the same background checks , and you have to over 18 to buy a long rifle , ” he said , “ and you have to be over 21 to buy a handgun . ”
Casablanca drew a comparison between the rights of those who vape and second amendment advocates .
“ We could give away a 500 gallon drum of e-juice ( which is used in vaporizers ) and nobody will care . But the minute that we put that ( giveaway ) up , now suddenly people want to know what this is all about , ” Casablanca said . “ This is about your right to choose going away . There are factions in this country that want to see my vapor device banned . There are factions in this country that want to see that AR-15 gone , as well . ”
Casablanca said the reaction to this promotion has been “ mixed . ”
“ Our immediate response from our customers and from the people that are close to us is very supportive . We bounced it off of a lot of people before we actually decided to go ahead and do this , ” he said . “ We knew there was going to be immediate backlash . We knew that we would be ostracized by some people , including some within our own industry . ”
However , he emphasized that the goal of this promotion was to draw attention to freedoms that are being taken away .
“ We deliberated long and hard about this before this promotion , ” said Casablanca . “ This is more than just a vape issue . It 's a civil liberties issue . This is freedom to do what you will issue . ”
Perry Smith contributed to this story .
The stone head of Medusa , a mythical creature fabled in Greek lore for having hair made of snakes and turning all who gazed on her into stone , has been found during an archeological dig in southern Turkey , Istanbul-based paper Hurriyet reported earlier this week .
The figure - whose face today adorns thousands of accessories and clothing by Italian fashion house Versace - was unearthed at what archaeologists believe was the site of an ancient temple in coastal Gazipasa district in the Antalya province .
“ This is a normal human-size head , maybe a bit bigger . It does not belong to a sculpture but a relief located in the front façade of the temple , ” said Micheal Hof , a Nebraska University academic who headed up the excavations .
When the dig is complete , the head and other finds will be handed over to local authorities .
Last Update : Saturday , 8 August 2015 KSA 17:44 - GMT 14:44
ROCHESTER , N.Y. -- Two University of Rochester students held hostage for 40 hours this weekend were , according to court paperwork , beaten with fists , clubs and other objects .
Six people arrested in connection with the abduction of seniors Ani Okeke Ewo and Nicholas Kollias were arraigned Tuesday morning in Rochester City Court . All six pleaded not guilty to kidnapping charges .
District Attorney Sandra Doorley says the case will be presented to a grand jury . She says at this point , details of the crime are not being released .
`` In light of the complex and ongoing nature of this investigation , the Rochester Police Department , the Monroe County District Attorney 's Office and the University of Rochester must , at this time , refrain from discussing the facts and circumstances surrounding the abduction of the two students , '' said Doorley in a statement .
Police say Ewo and Kollias disappeared from campus under suspicious circumstances to then be held against their will at gunpoint in a home on Harvest Street . Court paperwork says Kollias was shot in the leg with a .22-caliber rifle , and robbed of money and credit cards .
Police surrounded the house on Rochester 's northeast side and Sunday night , a SWAT team stormed in and rescued Ewo and Kollias .
Lydell Strickland , 26 , Samantha Hughes , 19 , of Pittsford , Dennis Perez , 23 , and Leah Gigliotti , 20 , are charged with first-degree kidnapping . Inalia Rolldan and Ruth Lora , both 19 , are charged with second-degree kidnapping .
All six are expected to be back in court later this week . Of the six people arrested , all but one is a city resident .
According to court documents , all played varying roles in the abduction , beatings and shooting . At one point on Harvest Street , Rolldan was left alone to guard the hostages while Lora helped feed them . When Lora was arrested , a driver 's license belonging to Kollias was found inside her backpack .
Lora 's father , Valentin Lora , tells Time Warner Cable News off camera that his daughter was simply in the wrong place in the wrong time . He said she is a good student at Finger Lakes Community College . He also said he does not believe she knew most of the other defendants in the abductions .
According to the Department of Corrections , Strickland previously served time for attempted criminal possession of a weapon . He completed parole in October .
Police remained outside the Harvest Street house for a third straight day , and while a possible motive for the abduction has not been made clear , police said they will be making that public soon .
`` Twenty-three years doing this job , I mean it was , I can only imagine if it was one of my children , '' said Deputy Chief Scott Peters .
`` You see a lot of activity running in and out of that house , '' said Karen Baumbarger , a neighbor . `` I did n't know if anybody lived in that house . You see a lot of different faces , and everything else but I 'm not the person who likes to call the cops and say hey , something 's going on in that house . ''
Peters said that , if not for the quick action of SWAT team members and others , plus tips from the community , the situation could have turned out a whole lot worse .
`` This is a very unusual case . I mean , we 're talking some serious charges here , '' Peters said .
`` Good police work is what led them to the victims in the case . I 'm not going to get more specific than that , ” said prosecutor Matthew Schwartz .
The University of Rochester released a statement on Tuesday morning 's arraignments :
`` The University of Rochester is grateful to the Rochester Police Department for the sustained efforts that led to the swift arrests and charges in the abduction of our two students . Our focus as a university is on our two students as they recover from their ordeal . We continue to believe this was an isolated incident and wish to stress that our campus is safe . ''
Ewo had volunteered at Camp Good Days and Special Times over the past four years , including lending his time to a program known as PAVE , or Partners Against Violence Everywhere .
`` He is always an individual that you can count on . He would find out what we needed him to do , without any further questions , he would just do it , '' said James McCauley of Camp Good Days , `` so very impressed with him , that irreplaceable smile of his . ''
Ewo and several other members of the U of R football team , of which he and Kollias were a part of , volunteer at Camp Good Days .
'Batman ' identified , arraigned
A 31-year-old Harbor Springs man who , police say , was on the roof of Meyer Ace Hardware in downtown Petoskey , dressed as Batman , and , who was arrested early Wednesday morning for trespassing and possession of dangerous weapons , has been arraigned .
Mark Wayne Williams faces one count of carrying a concealed weapon , for allegedly carrying Freeze Plus P , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison or a $ 2,500 fine ; one count of carrying a concealed weapon , for allegedly carrying a folding steel baton or bludgeon , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison or a $ 2,500 fine ; one count of carrying a concealed weapon , for allegedly carrying weighted Sap ( sand filled ) gloves , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison or a $ 2,500 fine ; one count of dangerous weapon -- gas ejective device , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison and , or a $ 2,500 fine ; one count of dangerous weapon -- miscellaneous , for allegedly possessing a bludgeon , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison and , or a $ 2,500 fine ; one count of dangerous weapon -- miscellaneous , for allegedly possessing a sand bag , a felony offense , which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison and , or a $ 2,500 fine ; and one count of disturbing the peace , a misdemeanor offense with a maximum penalty of 90 days in jail and , or a $ 500 fine .
Williams is a habitual offender , third offense , court records show .
`` I realize that this is a serious offense . I honestly had no idea the items I was holding are illegal , '' Williams told the court during his arraignment Wednesday afternoon in Emmet County 90th District Court . `` I did not intend to harm anyone with these items . I swear that . ''
Petoskey police received a report of a man on the roof of a downtown business , located in the 400 block of East Mitchell Street , about 12:40 a.m. May 11 , today , according to a Petoskey Department of Public Safety news release . Additional information supplied by central dispatch included the fact that the man was dressed as Batman .
Responding officers , including Michigan State Police troopers , saw `` a male subject , dressed in a Batman costume , hanging off the western wall of the building , '' according to the release . The officers got onto the roof and pulled the man back onto it .
Officers detained the man and located a baton-type striking weapon , a can of chemical irritant spray and a pair of Sap sand filled gloves , according to the release . The suspect was arrested for trespassing and possession of dangerous weapons .
Public safety director John Calabrese said the department has had contact with Williams before .
`` We 've had contact with him in the past where he 's made himself up to look like that Crow character , who 's also a comic book character , '' Calabrese said , though he could not provide any further details .
Warning : This report contains graphic descriptions and images that may be disturbing to some
It 's not often that bad breath is enough to send a person to hospital . But that 's what happened to one man whose breath had become so intensely awful that his wife could n't stand it any longer and ordered him to get to a doctor .
The Toronto-area man had been experiencing mouth pain for about a week before the smell began . After arriving at his local emergency room , nurses suspected he had some kind of oral abscess and asked ER physician Dr. Raj Waghmare to take a look .
Waghmare recently recounted the unusual case on his blog , ERTales.com . He writes that the patient , in his mid-30s , came into his emergency room six months ago saying he had been experiencing problems under his tongue for years .
But in the last week , a swollen lump had formed -- not altogether unusual , since lumps often formed there then went away after a few days , he explained .
But the intensely bad breath ? That was new .
Waghmare asked to look under the man 's tongue and noticed what looked like the whitehead of a pimple poking out of one of his saliva ducts . There was also the putrid smell , one that Raghmare said reminded of “ the putrid pungence of blue cheese . ”
It turned out the man had a “ sialolith “ : a salivary duct stone . It 's a buildup of minerals and salts in one of the ducts leading out the saliva gland under his tongue . The blockage prevents saliva from exiting the duct , allowing bacteria to build up and leading to a smelly infection .
“ ( The stone ) could have been there for 20 years but was never big enough that it was blocking anything , ” Waghmare explained to CTVNews.ca . “ He said there were times where it would swell up and move a little . And then it would clear and the saliva would be able to pass through . ”
Waghmare had to extract the blockage – but first he needed to put two masks around his mouth and nose because “ the stench was just really gross . ”
Using forceps , he was able to pull the stone out in one piece -- a process he says that was perhaps a bit uncomfortable to the patient .
“ It definitely did n't feel good for him , ” Waghmare said . “ He was definitely grimacing . ”
The stone turned out to be huge , as the photo and video show . Other case reports about saliva duct stones have reported stones smaller than 10 millimetres ; some have been larger than 15 mm .
This one was 23 mm long . A giant , by medical standards .
“ It 's pretty rare for them to present in the ER at all , ” Waghmare said , noting that it 's dentists who usually discover salivary duct problems .
“ And certainly ones that big -- I do n't think I 'll ever see one again , ” he said .
Waghmare was so fascinated by the stone , he placed into a urine specimen cup and showed it off to as many colleagues as he could find . He had to warn them , though , not to open the lid ; the smell was too intense .
“ I was carrying it around for the whole shift and saying , ‘ Hey check this out , ' It was just pretty neat , ” he said .
Saliva duct stones are “ exceedingly rare , ” Waghmare said , and it remains a mystery why they form at all . With so few patients to study , there simply is n't much research on them .
As for the patient , his discomfort and bad breath were instantly relieved and he was sent home . The stone itself was sent off to the hospital 's pathology department , just like all things extracted in the ER are .
Since posting about the case on his blog , ERTales.com , Waghmare says he 's received lots of feedback . Most comment about how disgusting the story is , but Waghmare does n't see it that way .
“ It 's actually not one of the things that we would consider disgusting in the ER . There are many , many more disgusting things than that , ” he said .
Possibly the earliest known picture of a pre-historic settlement has been unearthed near Barcelona , Spain . An ancient artist broke a tradition to depict wilderness and carved what he used to live in – a hunter-gatherer camp .
The unique discovery looked quite simple , even primitive – this is a rock with a few mounds casually engraved on it . The schist slab is 18 cm wide , 8.5 cm high , and 3.6 cm thick in its maximum dimensions , according to the publication .
When it was unearthed at an excavation site in Moli del Salt , 30 kilometers away from Barcelona , Spain , the archaeologists were hardly able to guess what these seven crude semi-circular figures could mean .
New anciet etchings found by Molí del Salt rock shelter in northeastern Spain , dated about 13,800 years . I find ... https : //t.co/k8b6cZmt0A — Monica Gunderson ( @ MonikaGunderson ) December 3 , 2015
But after the excavations continued , a 13,800 year-old hunter-gatherer encampment surfaced , explaining the image on the rock was actually a settlement of dome-shaped huts where pre-historic people used to live . The artist placed them in three lines , obviously trying to create a panoramic view of his settlement .
Although the engraving itself is probably a hasty sketch on stone , it is said to be the first known depiction of a tribal village set up by tribes , which until now had only been guessed at by archaeologists .
`` This Paleolithic engraving from northeastern Spain brings us the first representation of a human social group , ” Manuel Vaquero from Catalan Institute of Human Paleoecology and Social Evolution said in a press release .
READ MORE : Ancient artistry uncovered : Exquisite 1,700-yo Roman mosaic unveiled in Israel
`` There are other representations of landscapes , but they are natural landscapes , mountains , rivers . This is the first human landscape , ” he added .
So far , the earliest known village drawing dating from 1,000 BC was discovered in the Lombardy province of Italy was previously one of the earliest images of a prehistoric social structure . Depictions of houses became more common after the appearance of sedentary communities in Neolithic epoch about 11,500 years ago , the scientists say .
It means that if the carved image on the rock was indeed to depict a human landscape , then the ancient artist who made them happened to be far ahead of his or her time .
Share this ...
Prof. Fritz Vahrenholt was interviewed by Switzerland-based Basler Zeitung concerning Germany 's ‘ Energiewende ' ( transition to renewable energies ) , and energy issues in Switzerland , on February 18 , 2017 .
Prof. Fritz Vahrenholt . Image credit : GWPF
Vahrenholt was once the head of RWE 's renewable energy arm , Innogy , and responsible for the installation of offshore wind parks . However , after years of poor performance , discovering that the climate science was unclean , and learning of the harm wind parks pose to the environment , Vahrenholt has since been calling for a fundamental energy policy course correction in Germany .
Vahrenholt has called the German Energiewende “ a disaster ” so far , foremost because the supply of wind and sun is far too unstable and that everyone knows by now that it can not work .
He also thinks Germany is making a huge mistake in the decision to phase out nuclear power , and calls Switzerland 's decision to keep nuclear power online “ wise ” .
The German professor also reminds that adding more capacity will not solve any of the supply problems : “ No , even if we triple wind energy capacity , power generation will remain near zero when the wind stops blowing . The situation is similar for solar energy , especially at night . Solar energy only works full time 8 % of the year . ”
No viable storage technology
Tripling capacity would also result in chaos on windy and sunny days , Vahrenholt explains . On such days , with a tripled capacity , so much power would surge into the power grid that the surplus power would have to be given away , or “ sold at negative prices ” :
When too much power is fed in , grid operators order wind parks to shut down — yet they continue to be paid even when they do not produce . That is now costing one billion euros a year , and that is indeed absurd ! ”
Vahrenholt reiterates that sun and wind will not function until a solution is found for the storage problem . Currently no large-scale solution is anywhere near in sight . Dumping surplus power into the power grids of neighboring countries only wreaks havoc in those countries . Already countries are installing so-called phase shifters to keep surplus energy from the German grid from spilling uncontrollably into neighboring power networks , Vahrenholt explains .
Also a topic of the interview was the rising price of electricity for end consumers , which has seen German power become at near 30 euro-cents per kilowatt-hour among the world 's most expensive .
Vahrenholt says that policymakers made great errors in implementing wind and solar power , stating that storage technology should have been first developed . “ We should n't put the cart before the horse . ”
For the time being , many energy-intensive industries in Germany have been exempted from having to pay the feed-in tariffs that are passed on to consumers . This leaves the regular private consumers to pick up the tab . But there is the risk that industry will soon be called on to pay their fair share . Vahrenholt adds : One does not invest in a country when he/she is not sure how energy prices will develop . In addition to the price , supply stability also plays an important role . It decreases with every new wind turbine. ” “ Enormous ” impact on wildlife Vahrenholt also points out the wind turbines are a real hazard to endangered wildlife : “ The impacts on the biosphere of plants and animals are enormous. ” And why are n't environmentalists and Green Party politicians being more vocal against wind turbines ? Here Vahrenholt says that years ago they made the Energiewende the centerpiece of their platform . “ In reality in Germany they were never an environmental party , but rather an anti-capitalist party that dedicated itself to protesting nuclear power and industry. ” Green energy for the urban elite Yet , Vahrenholt sees “ an enormous citizens ' protest potential ” that reminds him of the anti-nuclear power industry from decades ago . He summarizes : The dream of the urban elite of a supposedly clean energy supply is being realized on the backs of the rural population , who are losing their homeland. ” All in all Vahrenholt says green energies have been a real bonanza for rich property owners , and a real financial burden on the poor . He believes that the current development can not be sustained and that it will need to be corrected : “ At the latest when the first power grid failure occurs. ” and that , “ The longer it takes , the greater the difficulties will be. ” The full interview in German is at the Basler Zeitung .
Judy Mozes , an Israeli talk-show host and the wife of the country 's interior minister , tweeted a racist joke about President Barack Obama on Sunday morning .
She then quickly deleted it and apologized .
Mozes , who is married to Silvan Shalom , a Likud party member and currently vice prime minister and head of the Ministry of the Interior , tweeted a joke she said she heard that compared Obama 's skin color to a weak cup of coffee .
She has nearly 75,000 followers .
This is the wife of the Israeli Interior Minister pic.twitter.com/qazwM8altJ — Tom Gara ( @ tomgara ) June 21 , 2015
Mozes , 57 , then deleted the tweet and posted an apology .
I apologize , that was a stupid joke somebody told me . — Judy Mozes ( @ JudyMozes ) June 21 , 2015
President Obama I shouldnt have written the inappropriate joke I heard . I like people no matter about their race and religion . — Judy Mozes ( @ JudyMozes ) June 21 , 2015
Sorry if I caused any offence to anyone . I hope I will stay married when my husband will land and hear what I did . — Judy Mozes ( @ JudyMozes ) June 21 , 2015
Yair Rosenberg , a writer and commenter on Israeli affairs , offered context for Mozes ' remarks , saying that she has become known for “ her weird outbursts on many subjects. ” Her comments have also plagued her husband 's political career , Rosenberg added .
The joke comes at a fraught time in the US-Israeli relationship , as differences on an array of policy and security issues have frequently set the Obama administration and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's ruling Likud government at odds .
At times these differences have led Israeli leaders to stake out positions on American politics , as when Netanyahu appeared to voice support for Mitt Romney ahead of the 2012 presidential election .
obama netanyahu More
Moreover , as noted by The National , “ Israeli politicians across the political spectrum are increasingly comfortable using the domestic American political arena as a stage where elections back home are won and lost . ”
Racial issues have also played a factor in US-Israeli relations . Tensions between the White House and Tel Aviv reached a peak in March , when the Obama administration criticized the alleged race baiting deployed by Netanyahu in the days before a close election .
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said unprompted at the time that the White House would share with Israel its “ deep concern about the divisive rhetoric used to marginalize Arab Israeli citizens . ”
Race is also a controversial topic in Israel . At numerous rallies , Israelis have condemned and attacked migrants from Africa and other non-Jewish or non-white Israelis .
These tensions have sometimes led to violence . A clash in early May ended with dozens of arrests , scores of wounded , and police use of tear gas and stun grenades to disperse protestors .
NOW WATCH : An Israeli Company Just Solved Solar Energy 's Single Most Mystifying Problem
More From Business Insider
On June 19th , Phaedra Parks sat for a 5-hour long grueling deposition in the “ Phaedra Parks vs. Angela Stanton ” civil lawsuit .
Phaedra Parks stars on Bravo 's hit reality show , “ The Real Housewives of Atlanta , ” and is married to newly convicted felon , Apollo Nida , who 's currently serving an 8-year prison sentence for identity fraud .
Just a quick background , Phaedra Parks is suing Angela Stanton on the grounds Stanton lied on her in her book , “ Lies of a Real Housewife : Tell The Truth and Shame The Devil. ” Stanton 's book exposes alleged scams Phaedra Parks and Apollo Nida took part in involving check and theft fraud a few years ago . Stanton took the fall for those crimes and served time in prison while Phaedra got off scott-free . Phaedra Parks adamantly denies those claims and in 2012 filed a defamation lawsuit against her former friend .
On June 19th , Phaedra Parks sat for a 5-hour long grueling deposition in the “ Phaedra Parks vs. Angela Stanton ” civil lawsuit . After months of dodging requests from Angela Stanton 's legal counsel to give information in a defamation lawsuit Parks she was ordered by the court to be deposed .
As we previously reported , a source close to the case informed All About The Tea EXCLUSIVELY that Phaedra Parks used the opportunity to try to get away with obnoxious unprofessional behavior during the discovery . Phaedra refused to answer pertinent questions relating to the case and specifically regarding her convict husband , Apollo Nida . Primarily ones that involve her husband 's criminal activity . Most questions asked about Apollo were met with “ I will not be answering that [ as it pertains to Apollo ] . ” In the deposition , Phaedra claims she does not know how Apollo and Angela knew each other and she was unaware of any criminal activity between the two . These are the same claims she said were false in Angela 's book . If Phaedra did not know of any of their crimes then how would she know the claims in Angela 's book are false ?
Due to Parks uncooperative behavior to compel in the judicial process , Stanton 's attorney was forced to file another “ Motion to Compel. ” See a copy of the new motion below , signed off by a Gwinnett County Judge on October 10 , 2014 :
The order requires Parks to fully participate in the discovery process . She 'll have to resubmit to another deposition and fully answer ALL questions that lead to discoverable evidence regarding her relationship with Apollo Nida . The court has ordered Parks be deposed within the next 10 days . The deadline is October 20 .
There seems to be a web of deceit surrounding Parks initial deposition and the court is ordering she is truthful when she sits for her second deposition within the next 10 days . Stay tuned for further updates on this case .
“ Like ” us on Facebook “ Follow ” us on Twitter and on Instagram
Former NFL wideout Plaxico Burress appeared on the Opie & Jimmy Radio Show this week and said the spike in concussions started when the NFL started bringing in new helmets .
`` These guys ( that are making hits ) are so big and so fast , '' said Burress , who played 11 seasons in the NFL with the Steelers , Giants and Jets . `` It really was n't happening that much when I was playing . I think it has something to do with these new helmets they 're using . You ca n't convince me that a lighter helmet is better . ''
MORE : SN Power Rankings : The Falcons are for real | NFL sets record with 730 penalties through three weeks
The former Super Bowl champ is referring to some of the newer helmets that have been introduced to the league within the last few years . The helmets have been designed to be lighter and better fitting . The goal of the lighter helmets was actually to make them better for concussion prevention .
Talk about lighter helmets started as early as 2010 and has been brought up at various times since . In 2013 , commissioner Roger Goodell said he hopes to get the helmets even lighter . He has a reason why .
`` The better protection the helmet provides , sometimes the more likely ( players ) are to use their head , and that 's a dilemma that we have to change , in part through rules , '' Goodell said . `` But I also see that we could potentially change the helmet by making it lighter . ( That ) would make it less of a weapon . ''
Goodell 's theory is n't wrong . This is something Sporting News brought up earlier this year in talking with professionals . Essentially , players feel their head is so well protected in a helmet that they 're more likely to use it when tackling . When they feel their head is n't secure , they 're more likely to not use it .
PBS has a `` concussion watch '' portion on its website , and limited data shows concussions have actually started to decrease . The information only goes back to 2012 , but the data shows the number of concussions has dropped slightly each year . The information is based on players who were listed on injury reports with a concussion , so it does n't include the times players might hide their injury from a team .
Burress ' theory is interesting , but his recollection could be clouded because concussions were n't as big of a topic when he was playing , even though his final season was in 2012 with the Steelers . Today , concussions are among one of the top issues in the NFL , but during Burress ' playing days it was an issue that people did n't really discuss .
Concussion awareness will continue to rise , especially with Sony 's upcoming film with `` Concussion '' as its title .
LAUREN BIRD
The Aquinian ( St. Thomas University )
FREDERICTON ( CUP ) — Almost 15 years after the death of Princess Diana , you can still buy plates and cups with her face on it on the streets of London .
People still mourn her . She was an icon . So it makes sense that she is still mourned . But what about the ordinary ? The everyday people who die too soon without having left their mark on the world ? Lately , they 've been continually memorialized as well .
In the past , according to Andrew Perry , funeral director of McAdam Funeral Home in Fredericton , “ that moment at the cemetery was where it ends . ”
But social media has changed the way we say goodbye — or do n't . Facebook pages remain long after its owner has died , friends can still post , and often times they go a step further and make a memorial page . It 's changing the way we grieve , for better or worse .
Courtney Hill is doing her master 's in occupational therapy at Dalhousie University . At the end of her Grade 11 year , her close friend was killed in a car accident .
Back then , Facebook was still closed to university students . But the next year , her friend had a memorial page .
“ I had a sociology class last year and the professor … she was like , ‘ Now when someone dies , everyone just grieves through a Facebook profile and it 's not healthy , ” Hill said . “ I got super offended when she said it . ”
According to Hill , it has helped . It 's been nearly six years since she lost her friend ; she writes on her page regularly .
“ I do it because I feel like it 's kind of a way to talk to them , ” Hill said . “ It 's a way to get your thoughts out that you 've been thinking all the time . It 's a mode of communication . ”
Michael George , a St. Thomas University professor who explores issues of death and dying , also does n't see it as problematic .
“ Depending on the people , most rituals around death are more for the survivors than the dead , ” he said . “ A lot of our culture is based on trying to maintain some kind of continuity . ”
A continuing Facebook page does that . The profile picture does n't change , comments are n't deleted ; it reeks with the digital echoes of a life gone , though not entirely . Traces of that person are n't confined to a grave or personal belongings or even a memory , they live on through one-sided conversations and unread comments .
Of course , Facebook has a policy for pages of users who pass away : “ It is our policy to memorialize all deceased users ' accounts on the site . When an account is memorialized , only confirmed friends can see the profile ( timeline ) or locate it in Search . The profile ( timeline ) will also no longer appear in the Suggestions section of the Home page . Friends and family can leave posts in remembrance , ” the policy reads .
“ In order to protect the privacy of the deceased user , we can not provide login information for the account to anyone , ” it continues . “ However , once an account has been memorialized , it is completely secure and can not be accessed or altered by anyone . ”
Perry , also the assistant managing director at McAdam , understands . “ I just do n't think that the ways of the past are the ways of the future , ” he said .
The funeral homes are changing , adhering to a new technological standard .
The McAdam home was a little too quiet and still . The winter sunlight streamed in through the window and touched down on couches that had been barely sat in , at least , not comfortably . Soon , they 'll stream funerals online for friends and family who ca n't make it to the service . But Perry worries that will take away the need for people to come at all .
“ If someone passes away and if there is a visitation … the traditionalist 's generation still feels this need to go to the funeral home , ” he said .
But do Generation X and Y ? If we can sit home in a pair of jeans and watch the funeral procession , then leave our sympathies on a Facebook wall , will we have that same need ?
Do we really want to live where death never touches us , but never leaves us ?
—
Photo : Tom Bateman/The Aquinian
GOP 's fraud fantasyland The man who invented Unskewed Polls creates a new site -- and resorts to the lamest of puns
Still not convinced that Barack Obama won this month 's election fair and square ? Then Dean Chambers , the conservative blogger behind the infamous UnskewedPolls.com , has a new site for you with a wonderfully punny URL : BarackOFraudo.com . The site displays an electoral map with three key states -- Florida , Ohio and Virginia -- blacked out . Why black ? Those three states , with 80 electoral votes between them , represent `` Obama fraud '' and are enough to sway the election , according to the site .
So far , the site does n't explain the evidence that voter fraud swung the election in these three states , but does offer a Henry David Thoreau quote : `` Some circumstantial evidence is very strong , as when you find a trout in the milk . '' `` Evidence of vote fraud is very much like that . Those who engage in it are slick and do all they can to hide it , so the evidence is often quite circumstantial , '' Chambers writes on the site .
Advertisement :
He did explain his evidence to Slate 's Dave Weigel , however , who was not impressed . `` I 'm only putting good credible information on there , like the actual vote counts , reports , and mainstream publications reporting voter fraud . There 's a lot of chatter , though . There are articles people have sent me that do n't hold up . Crazy stuff , '' Chambers said .
Still , his `` credible information '' is a bit lacking . There 's the 57 precincts in Philadelphia where Romney did n't get a single vote ( not that uncommon ) , precincts that went 99 percent for Obama in Cleveland ( there are 99 percent GOP precincts too ) , and the fact that Virginia was called late in the night for Obama ( happens all the time in the state ) .
But still , the myth lives on and Chambers is hardly alone . While Obama 's margin of victory was big enough to convince most mainstream conservative pundits it was legit , it 's not hard to find conservatives still crowing about voter fraud . `` Was the Presidential election stolen ? We will probably never know , particularly since the current administration has no incentive to investigate potential wrong doing , '' Frank Kacer wrote in yesterday 's Washington Times .
And fraud accusations are the perfect evolution from unskewing polls . Both are based in a sort of willful cognitive dissonance that proudly asserts that the reality you want is more true than the reality that actually exists . When the polls showed Romney losing , they had to be wrong . When the election showed Romney had lost , that too must be wrong . For most who had gone along with unskewed polls , the election was enough of a shock to let the truth flow in . But for Chambers and others , perhaps it is easier to live in the fantasy .
The General Availability version of MySQL is still version 5.6 , but the development release of MySQL 5.7 definitely introduces some exciting changes to the world of database management systems . Is it worth giving a try ? In this article , we 'll have a closer look at a few brand-new features that may help you decide to do so .
Native JSON Support
JSON ( short for JavaScript Object Notation ) is a format for storing information which can be a good alternative to XML . If you have n't encountered it already , take a look at a very simple example of a JSON document :
{ “ users ” : [ { “ name ” : ” Peter ” , “ age ” : ” 25 ” } , { “ name ” : ” Mary ” , “ age ” : ” 19 ” } , { “ name ” : ” Luke ” , “ age ” : ” 31 ” } ] }
JSON support has only been introduced in MySQL 5.7.8 , but it is undoubtedly the feature that arouses most enthusiasm among MySQL users . Previously , you could only store JSON documents using general types like strings . This , of course , had its drawbacks : you had to validate/parse data on your own , experience difficulties trying to update information or cope with slower insert operations .
With the new native type since MySQL 5.7.8 , you get a very convenient way to deal with JSON documents . You can now enjoy automatic validation during insert and update operations as well as efficient , much quicker access to object and array members with a series of new tailor-made functions . Let 's create a simple table user with a JSON column :
Next , we can create a few rows with the new column type . Our table might look like this :
mysql > SELECT * FROM user ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | user_id | user_data | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | 1 | { “ name ” : ” Peter ” , “ age ” : ” 25 ” } | | 2 | { “ name ” : ” Mary ” , “ age ” : ” 19 ” } | | 3 | { “ name ” : ” Luke ” , “ age ” : ” 31 ” } | + -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- +
We can now use the new JSON functions to work with JSON columns conveniently . For instance , if you want to list the names of the users , you can write the following query :
mysql > SELECT JSON_EXTRACT ( user_data , ' $ .name ' ) from user ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | JSON_EXTRACT ( user_data , ' $ .name ' ) | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | `` Peter '' | | `` Mary '' | | `` Luke '' | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- +
You can also compare JSON values using operators like < or ! = and convert such values to other types . Need anything more ? In a nutshell , MySQL now has very comprehensive support for JSON documents .
More Freedom in ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY
If you learned SQL from a tutorial or a textbook , you probably remember the golden rule which stated that in a GROUP BY statement , any non-aggregate columns named in the SELECT clause must be listed in the GROUP BY clause . This rule complied with the SQL92 standard and was a very safe assumption – non-aggregate columns could have multiple values , so if no grouping occurred , the database engine could have a hard time deciding which value to pick .
The rule was changed in SQL99 – it simply states that any non-aggregate column in the SELECT list must be functionally dependent on the GROUP BY list . This means that if a column has one fixed value for the columns listed in the GROUP BY clause , it does n't need to be listed for grouping as long as its dependency is shown through primary keys or unique keys .
A simple example to illustrate this would be the following : if we had a table book with the column book_id as the primary key :
we could write the following query ( which is n't very useful , by the way ) :
SELECT id , title , COUNT ( * ) FROM book GROUP BY id ;
This query is not acceptable according to SQL92 – the column title is not listed in the GROUP BY clause , nor is it aggregated . However , book_id is the primary key and each book can only have one title – the title is therefore functionally dependent on the book_id . Consequently , the query is perfectly legible in SQL99 .
Previously , the ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY mode in MySQL applied the old rule from SQL92 . This mode used to be turned off by default – MySQL did not force you to write queries in accordance with the strict SQL92 standard . The meaning of ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY has changed in MySQL 5.7.5 – it now features the more sophisticated implementation supported by SQL99 . This means you can sometimes write less code and still have your query accepted . The more lenient version of ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY is now the default mode .
You can find a more detailed explanation of this problem in one of our articles .
Support for Spatial Data Types in InnoDB
Spatial data types are often used to handle geospatial information . They describe the physical location and shape of geometric objects . In MySQL , you can use representations of geometry objects like Point , LineString or Polygon , and there are some useful spatial functions that you can make use of . For instance , we could create a simple table to store postal codes that would contain a column area describing the area covered by the specific postal code :
Each area could be represented by a Polygon :
POLYGON ( ( -65.901245 21.973123 , -65.901201 21.973187 , ... , -65.901245 21.973123 ) )
Now we can , for instance , find the postal code for a given Point on the map using the function st_contains which will automatically determine whether the given Point lies within the Polygon :
SELECT zipcode FROM postal_code WHERE st_contains ( area , Point ( -65.901251 , 21.973104 ) ) ;
Prior to MySQL 5.7 , spatial data types could still be used , but they were all stored by InnoDB as BLOB s – Binary Large OBjects that can hold a variable amount of data . In the new MySQL , spatial data types are mapped to an individual internal data type – DATA_GEOMETRY . Thanks to it , they can now be handled separately from all the other information stored as BLOB . Since MySQL 5.7.5 , you can even use SPATIAL indexes for spatial data types :
CREATE SPATIAL INDEX spatial_index ON spatial_table ( spatial_column ) ;
Better Handling of Asian Languages
The full-text parser which you can normally find in MySQL breaks down full-texts into words using the white space as a guide . This is a useful solution for Latin-based languages such as English , which will , however , fail when working with Asian ideographic languages – Chinese , Japanese and Korean ( commonly abbreviated to CJK ) . These languages do not use any word separators and thus it is not clear where a word should start or end .
MySQL now features an n-gram parser which breaks down a contiguous sequence of n characters into n-characters-long tokens . With n=3 , the word “ ABCDE ” would produce “ ABC ” , “ BCD ” and “ CDE ” . This can be useful when working with ideographic languages . For example , the Chinese expression 工作人员 ( officer ) is made up of two words : 工作 ( work ) and 人员 ( staff ) . We know that the words in the expression are at most 2 characters long , so we can now use the n-gram parser and set n=2 to have the expression parsed into : 工作 ( work ) , 作人 and 人员 ( officer ) . The second token , made up of the two middle characters ( 作人 ) is actually another word in Chinese ( to conduct oneself ) , so we would probably need further analysis of the tokens to work out which ones are the right words .
There is another , more sophisticated plugin dedicated to Japanese exclusively , MeCab , which analyzes Japanese sentences morphologically and automatically breaks them down into words . For instance , the sequence :
ワルシャワはポーランドの首都です ( Warsaw is the capital city of Poland )
will be converted to :
ワルシャワ ( Warsaw )
は ( topic marker )
ポーランド ( Poland )
の ( possessive particle )
首都 ( capital city )
です ( polite copula )
If you deal with Chinese , you can also benefit from a minor globalization improvement – MySQL 5.7.4 features the gb18030 character set which corresponds to the China National Standard GB18030 .
Thanks to all of these changes , working with Asian languages has become much easier .
... And Many More !
There are , of course , many more features added or enhanced in MySQL 5.7 . If you want to know more , refer to the documentation , which lists all of the changes in a nutshell .
Jason Kenney — newly minted leader of Alberta 's brand new United Conservative Party — cleverly laid a trap . He covered it in leaves , backed up 50 meters and … sprinted straight at it , letting the jaws snap shut around his own ankle .
Putting it another way : Kenney 's position on Bill 24 — the Notley government 's legislation on ‘ gay-straight alliances ' ( GSAs ) in the province 's schools — is a strategic disaster .
Despite what they say , the governing New Democrats did not plan this bill before Kenney became UCP leader . But when the former Harper cabinet minister himself brought GSAs into the political arena — by suggesting teachers be allowed to alert parents when their children join a GSA , effectively ‘ outing ' them — Premier Rachel Notley and her people saw the opportunity . So they introduced Bill 24 ( which makes it illegal for school officials to tell parents when a child joins a GSA ) in order to force the UCP into following its own political narrative — that of an aggressively socially-conservative party imposing top-down control on MLAs .
And unlike Ontario PC Leader Patrick Brown — another former Conservative MP who stepped into provincial politics — Kenney did his enemy 's work for them . He lobbed the slow-pitch and allowed the NDP to hit it out of the park .
In Ontario , Premier Kathleen Wynne tried to pigeonhole the new PC leader by introducing an anti-Islamophobia motion similar to the one introduced by the Trudeau Liberals . But instead of debating a potential challenge to free speech — and opening his party up to accusations of intolerance — Brown whipped the vote and the motion passed . So Wynne was unable to paint the PCs in Ontario as anti-Islamic bigots .
Had Kenney worked to dispel any notion that the UCP would choose this hill to die on , he would n't be where he is today with Bill 24 — in a corner . Had Kenney worked to dispel any notion that the UCP would choose this hill to die on , he would n't be where he is today with Bill 24 — in a corner .
Brown saw the trap and calmly side-stepped it . Kenney did n't .
While running for the leadership of the PCs , campaigning for unity and then running for the leadership of the UCP , Kenney repeatedly told members that he would not run the UCP like the his old boss Stephen Harper ran the federal Conservatives ; all votes of conscience would be free votes . Further , he stated that his goal was to create a free-enterprise party which did not discuss contentious social issues — to make the UCP tent as big and as welcoming as possible .
Well , that did n't last long , did it ?
Mr. Kenney told the media that the caucus had come to a decision — basically implying a whipped vote — although only eight UCP members were there to vote against the bill moving to second reading . The others were not present to vote , and even without those eight ( and that of Independent MLA Derek Fildebrandt ) , the bill moved to second reading with the support of all remaining members . So , the charge levied against Kenney — that his office would be dictating not only policy , but talking points and votes — has been shown to be correct .
And if Kenney was serious about the goal of taking the spotlight away from social issues and focusing his efforts on the economy and getting Alberta 's fiscal house in order , it 's hard to see how this fight helps him . As with Brown 's PCs , the UCP easily could have voted in favour of the bill , dispelling the notion that they 're a party of social conservatism . ( As it stands , the bill covers all education boards in the province and does not single out the Catholic ones , so religious liberty is not threatened by its passage ) . Had he worked to dispel any notion that the UCP would choose this hill to die on , he would n't be where he is today with Bill 24 — in a corner .
Instead , Kenney walked into a glass door he himself closed . He has tarnished the brand of the new party within weeks of taking control , proving himself to be just as short-sighted and ideological as the NDP .
If Kenney 's this clumsy when it comes to the traps he sets himself , you have to wonder how he 'll avoid the ones he does n't know about .
The views , opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author 's alone . They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views , opinions and/or positions of iPolitics .
SINCE the end of August , more than half of the 1m Rohingyas in the state of Rakhine in Myanmar have fled across the border to Bangladesh . The flight of the Muslim minority group is the quickest mass departure of people from any country since the genocide in Rwanda in 1994 . Rohingyas are still pouring into makeshift camps , bringing with them stories of how villages were incinerated , children shot dead , women raped and babies tossed into canals . If the exodus continues few of them will be left in Myanmar .
The Tatmadaw , Myanmar 's army , is chiefly responsible for the ethnic cleansing . It is aided and abetted by local Rakhine politicians , while the government of Aung San Suu Kyi has done little to stop the violence . But the UN is at fault , too . Despite having 19 agencies in Myanmar , and several offices and plenty of staff in Rakhine state , it has failed to stop the catastrophe or warn of its coming .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Inside the UN , some officials argue that those in charge of the mission downplayed the treatment of Rohingyas to win the co-operation of Myanmar 's authorities in order to build schools , sanitise dirty water and develop a civil service— “ capacity-building ” in UN-speak . The special rapporteur for human rights in Myanmar , Tomas Quintana , says he was discouraged from visiting Rakhine state by the head of the mission , Renata Lok-Dessallien . The Canadian denies this , but has been recalled to the UN headquarters in New York .
A UN mission , whether a multi-agency presence as in Myanmar or one of its 15 peacekeeping operations , can be a thankless task . Those in charge are constrained by local and international politics . Yet they could do much better . Myanmar is far from the first example of a dysfunctional mission . The UN has repeatedly dawdled in response to atrocities . António Guterres , secretary-general since January 2016 , wants to reform how operations are run . The plight of the Rohingya shows how much work he has to do .
Cosying up to the bad guys
The failings in Myanmar are reminiscent of those of the UN 's mission in Sri Lanka at the end of the civil war in 2009 between the government and the Tamil Tigers , a guerrilla group . An internal review led by Charles Petrie , a former UN official , concluded there had been “ systemic failure ” . Mr Petrie accused the members of the Sri Lankan mission of appeasing the government in Colombo , so that they could promote their development work and receive international aid . Standing up for human rights was often deemed too difficult .
In Myanmar , instead of confronting the government on behalf of the Rohingya , the UN championed a policy of development for all in Rakhine state . That ignored how the delivery of services would inevitably be channelled through , and controlled by , those in power , namely Buddhist Rakhine politicians , the enemies of Rohingyas . A report commissioned by the mission in Myanmar in 2015 pointed out that such an approach would be “ more likely to reinforce discrimination than change it ” .
The Petrie report chronicled how the Sri Lankan mission recorded all the civilian deaths attributed to the Tamil Tigers , but understated the numbers of civilians killed or wounded by the army—again , to keep the government sweet . This pattern was also apparent in Rwanda in 1994 and in the United Nations-African Union Mission in Darfur ( UNAMID ) , one of the UN 's largest-ever peacekeeping operations , established in 2007 . In 2013 Aicha Elbasri , the spokeswoman for the mission , resigned , handing in a list of 16 cases where UNAMID had “ concealed ” assaults on civilians and even UN peacekeepers .
Ban Ki-moon , Mr Guterres 's predecessor , commissioned another UN review , which upheld five of the complaints . Ms ElBasri , Moroccan by birth , argues that the deceptions were carried out to avoid offending the Sudanese government of Omar al-Bashir , adding that Africans in the mission were keen to defend one of their own . Mr Ban said that the “ tendency to underreport ” had left him “ deeply troubled ” . But no one was held accountable , and nobody had to resign . The whistleblower , however , forfeited her job .
Missions need the consent of the host governments to operate ; the UN can not invade . But too often agencies and blue helmets ( as in the headgear worn by peacekeepers ) are lackeys of autocrats , forming “ abusive ” relationships with those in power , according to Richard Gowan of Columbia University . This undermines the UN 's claim to moral authority .
The operation in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) is a case in point . The UN has deployed peacekeepers there since 1999 , and MONUSCO , the French acronym by which the mission is known , now has about 16,000 troops , and costs more than $ 1bn a year .
Since 2016 , the UN has failed to prevent violence that has forced over 1m people to flee their homes . Troops get away with defining their operating boundaries conservatively . Perversely , they are rewarded for not using their kit , as they are reimbursed for equipment returned in good condition . Meanwhile MONUSCO can not easily get rid of underperforming civilian staff , partly because of pressure from trade unions but also because of the complex way in which UN headquarters imposes its choice of recruits on the mission .
Standing idle
Another $ 1bn-per-year mission , UNMISS , has done almost nothing to prevent the descent into civil war and famine since South Sudan gained independence from Sudan in 2011 . The 12,500 peacekeepers have a mandate to protect civilians , but have failed to do so . In August 2016 aid workers were raped , beaten and robbed by South Sudanese government troops just minutes away from the main UN compound in Juba , the capital . Despite desperate phone and text messages from the victims , the 2,000 or so troops never stirred . “ [ The blue helmets ] are supposed to protect civilians , ” admits a UN official in South Sudan . “ But they do n't . Something is upside down . It 's not working . ”
One reason for the failure is that the mission asks permission from the government before it sends out troops , fearing that otherwise politicians will obstruct the delivery of food and medicine to the starving and the sick even more than they already do . But since it is often the government carrying out the massacres , permission is often refused or delayed .
Fired up , not ready to go
The UN argues that , despite the manifest failings of these missions , it is better to have them than not . The mere presence of its troops can sometimes deter attacks , and even if blue helmets are reluctant to go out and help civilians , at least the civilians can huddle in and around its bases for protection , as in South Sudan .
The UN has no mandate to impose its will independently on a country . All peacekeeping missions are authorised by the Security Council , and subject to approval by the General Assembly , giving China and Russia ample room to minimise the scope of missions in the interests of their clients and allies .
Such was the case in Sudan . China has considerable economic interests here , and it struggled for years to prevent any outside intervention in Darfur . Eventually , in 2007 , it did concede to sending in UNAMID , but only after ensuring that the mission could cause Mr Bashir as little inconvenience as possible . The offer of Western troops was kept to an absolute minimum , denying UNAMID the sort of kit and operational efficiency that might have made a difference .
Another reason why , when the call goes out from New York , peacekeeping generally attracts troops from poor countries ( see chart ) , is because the pay is relatively high . But they are typically risk averse . Some forces commit crimes . Another whistleblower , Anders Kompass , exposed allegations of sexual abuse of young children by troops in the Central African Republic in 2015 .
Rather than take on the difficult task of improving peacekeeping operations , Mr Ban tried to encourage reporting of abuses of human rights . That way , the theory went , countries could avoid the crimes which would lead to the intervention of troops in the first place . His main initiative , “ Human Rights Up Front ” , required all staff to take responsibility for reporting abuses . But in Myanmar this policy has failed at first contact with the enemy .
Remaking the peace
Mr Guterres has a chance to do much better . For example , he could increase the annual budget for the human-rights office ( $ 190m ) , which is dwarfed by the $ 12bn that the UN spent on development . He could have heads of mission report to him , not to UNDP , so as to reduce the risk that human-rights abuses are ignored by officials who rely on local politicians ' support for their pet projects .
Mr Guterres has said he wants the UN to do more before the blue helmets have to wade in . In recent years it has tried to mediate between factions in several countries . Sometimes it has staved off all-out war , thus avoiding the need for peacekeepers . Kofi Annan , a former secretary-general , rescued Kenya from a descent into further violence after disputed elections in 2007 , for example ; a team helped to stabilise Guinea after a coup in the west African state in 2008 ; and the UN also brokered a deal in Madagascar in 2011 .
Building on these successes , Mr Guterres has called for a “ surge in diplomacy for peace ” , and has set up a “ High-Level Advisory Board on Mediation ” , which includes such luminaries as Michelle Bachelet , the president of Chile , and Justin Welby , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
Jaw-jaw is , of course , better than war-war . But as the failure in Myanmar shows , the UN still has a lot to learn about keeping the peace .
Clarification ( October 30th 2017 ) : The original version of this article said that $ 12bn was spent on the UN Development Programme . In fact , that was the sum spent on all development by the UN .
Reuters reports that Palin 's `` troubles '' are mounting for John McCain . The GOP nominee now spends much of his time being asked to defend Palin 's judgment and experience , even among conservatives .
Mocked by comedians , derided by prominent conservatives and reeling from flustered interviews with national media , Sarah Palin is proving a risky gamble in Republican John McCain 's quest for the White House .
`` Palin is Ready ? Please '' a headline in Newsweek said this week of the moose-hunting Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate , capping a turbulent week in which Palin 's fitness for the job came under growing scrutiny .
`` Sarah Palin is utterly unqualified to be vice president , '' Newsweek International Editor Fareed Zakaria wrote .
`` She is a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska . But she has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start , '' he said .
Police in the Fraser Valley city of Abbotsford say that over the weekend , someone flooded the house where a convicted sex offender has been staying – the latest event in an unprecedented series of incidents that are now acting as a drain on police resources .
The incident on Saturday at about 2 a.m. is yet another development in the case of James Conway , whose presence in the isolated rural area of Bradner has caused protests , necessitated regular police checks to keep an eye on Mr. Conway and , since August , prompted 15 incidents of harassment , which a police spokesman on Sunday characterized as `` acts of stupidity . '' They have included obscene notes , rocks thrown at the house and the pouring of concrete over a water valve . However , police and the mayor say the incidents hit a new low on Saturday when someone tampered with the exterior lighting to conceal themselves , then took the house 's hose , ran it into the roof area and turned it on . Three people , including Mr. Conway , were in the house at the time . Although no one was hurt , Abbotsford police Constable Ian MacDonald said the perpetrators `` managed to , regrettably , flood the entire attic and , subsequently , part of the ceiling in the residence collapsed . Early estimates are tens of thousands of dollars in damage . ''
Police are now installing their own overt and concealed cameras to deter further attacks and to help identify the perpetrators of further acts .
Story continues below advertisement
Const . MacDonald said police are already doing random checks of the residence to ensure that Mr. Conway , 40 , is abiding by his court-ordered conditions , but the extra calls are tying up resources . `` We have better things to do , '' he said , noting the hose call came as police were focusing on a serious vehicle-pedestrian accident . There have been no arrests in any of the previous 15 incidents .
Residents have posted signs and held protests to encourage Mr. Conway 's departure . The damage has not been extensive enough to force him to find somewhere else to stay , Const . MacDonald said . He is staying in a residence rented to an agency funded by Community Living B.C. , which supports people with developmental disabilities .
`` I have a lot of sympathy for the position that the neighbours are in . I would be the first person that would say they have every right to voice their displeasure , to do things including engaging the media , engaging politicians to try to affect a move , '' he said .
All of this comes as Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun has promised to use zoning bylaws to move Mr. Conway from his current location to a more central area in the city of 138,000 , located 70 kilometres east of Vancouver .
On Aug. 1 , police in Abbotsford issued a public notification about Mr. Conway , noting he has a criminal history that includes convictions for sexual assault , sexual interference and failure to comply with a court order . Among the conditions imposed on Mr. Conway is that he can not leave his residence without being in the company of an approved individual for an approved purpose .
On Sunday , Mr. Braun said in an interview that the city has determined that the house where Mr. Conway is living is not suitable , under bylaws , for serving as the residence for someone in his situation . However , he said it may take some time to properly inform the operators of the residence of that conclusion , await their response and seek an injunction , if necessary . The mayor has said Mr. Conway 's options include moving to a halfway house in central Abbotsford .
Mr. Braun , who said he found the flooding of the house `` disturbing , said he had no timeline on how long it will take to work things out . `` I 'd like to have a resolution that addresses the needs of the community sooner than later but the exact timing of any action ? That has n't been established yet . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Trevor Alderliesten , who lives near house where Mr. Conway is staying , said he would like to see Mr. Conway go , but had no idea who would have been responsible for the latest incident .
Still , he said he feels the law has failed the neighbourhood by allowing Mr. Conway to be among them . Interviewed Sunday , he said the neighbourhood used to be quiet but is now busy with traffic as people come by to check out the Conway residence .
He said he expected there would be further protests by neighbours and they will send a letter to the mayor if there 's no action within a week .
In response , Mr. Braun said , `` That 's his right as a citizen of Abbotsford . That 's not going to speed the process up at all . ''
Predictable and stable work is what the aircraft carrier industrial base needs . By Rick Giannini and Darrell Grow
The uncertain future Pentagon officials have charted for the Navy 's aircraft carrier fleet unfortunately provides no clear direction for the defense industrial base that builds and supplies it . The Defense Department 's decision to tie carriers , including the fate of the USS George Washington , to future budgets leaves them questioning how they should proceed to prepare inventory , allocate resources and hire skilled workers for new construction and maintenance of aircraft carriers — all actions that must occur well in advance of the actual start of work .
Manufacturers are facing long-term effects from delays and ambiguity in construction plans for new aircraft carriers , and the maintenance of existing ones , which increases the cost and viability of the carrier program . These delays disrupt plans and the allocation of resources for thousands of large and small businesses , threatening an already-fragile industrial base .
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said last month that DOD next year may pull the USS George Washington from service if sequestration budget restraints continue . Inactivating that ship and cancelling its scheduled 44-month maintenance and modernization period eliminates a carrier halfway through its 50-year service life , denying a significant capability to the nation .
As businessmen , we find it hard to understand why our country would give up 10 percent of our aircraft carrier force in an effort to save less than 1 percent of the defense budget . We also do not understand why the nation would put more than 600 companies in 39 states that will provide parts and services for the USS George Washington 's overhaul at risk by eliminating planned work and expected revenue .
The United States ' ability to maintain a powerful fleet of aircraft carriers to respond in times of crisis depends on a robust , skilled industrial base with the capacity to build and maintain these complex ships . Suppliers hire and train skilled craftsmen , make investments in capital , technology and inventory , and build detailed business plans based on long-range construction and maintenance schedules . Like a carrier 's crew , a skilled labor force requires continuous training to maintain technological superiority , efficiency and effectiveness . Take one example of the significant investments that suppliers must make in highly-trained computer numerical control , or CNC operators . These skilled workers are employed in manufacturing facilities to operate high-capital machines to accurately and efficiently produce specialized , precision metal parts for aircraft carriers . Without aircraft carrier work , companies will have no incentive to make the significant investment in these workers , their unique skills or the specialized equipment that they operate . This critical industrial-base skill will be lost , and if work resumes , delays and increased costs will result as companies attempt to find , rehire or retrain new workers .
As we have seen in many other countries , when uncertainty creeps into shipbuilding , companies leave the industrial base , and irreplaceable technologies and skills critical to shipbuilding are lost . As former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned last year , “ The last damn thing we need if we face a crisis is to somehow contract out that responsibility to another country . So we have to maintain the core industrial base that we need . The skills are essential to our ability to maintain a strong national defense . ”
( Read more Defense One coverage of the Navy here )
USS Enterprise was kept combat-ready for more than 50 years , from its first deployment during the Cuban missile crisis in 1962 until its final deployment in support of operations in Afghanistan in 2012 , by the products and services produced by unique and vital industrial bases . As new technologies were developed to upgrade existing ships and build the most advanced Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carriers , more than 2,000 small , midsized and large businesses from 43 states invested to develop new products and learn new skills .
Building new carriers every five years and undertaking maintenance on a regular schedule preserves the fleet at its required operational level of 11 carriers and keeps the industrial base viable and strong . It also ensures that the industrial base can continue to guarantee that the U.S. Navy and taxpayers receive the best return on their 50-year investment in these powerful ships , from construction to maintenance to modernization .
Former Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , last year , said , “ [ W ] herever you live across the country , Americans benefit from opportunities generated by the shipbuilding and repair industry. ” We must make it a priority to invest in the construction of the next-generation Gerald R. Ford-class of carriers and continued regular maintenance of Nimitz-class carriers like the USS George Washington . Predictable and stable work for the aircraft carrier industrial base will ensure that it remains a viable force for the future and sustain its capability to keep the Navy strong and aircraft carriers ready to respond anywhere in the world during times of crisis .
Rick Giannini is president and CEO of Milwaukee Valve Company . He serves as chairman of the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition , or ACIBC . Darrell Grow is chief operating officer of AMMCON and serves as the coalition 's vice chairman .
Why unions ? Good jobs are too hard to come by , and the Republican party is dedicated to asking not why more people do n't have good jobs , but why a few people still do even though they 're not the corporate executives and Wall Street bankers who Republicans believethe best of everything.The rich are getting more and more of the money , and they 're using it to buy more power and more opportunities to get still more money.It 's worth thinking about Labor Day , and supporting unions , because unions are a force , however small , against this growing inequality . In that race-to-the-bottom context , union workers do better . They 're not making Wall Street money , but they 're doing better than Walmart money : Unions help people do better and they promote equality , closing ethnic and racial pay gaps . As unions have declined , income inequality has risen , and that 's no coincidence . Union members or not , workers benefit from a strong labor movement . And yes , road or building or bridge , workers built it .
Note : I am not offering any medical advice or diagnosis with the presentation of this information . I am acting solely as an independent researcher providing the results of extended observation and analysis of unusual biological conditions that are evident . Each individual must work with their own health professional to establish any appropriate course of action and any health related comments in this paper are solely for informational purposes and they are from my own perspective . A new , or modified , form of cultured growth has been developed from human oral filament samples that are characteristic of the so-called `` Morgellons '' condition . Three unique features characterize this particular filament type of culture growth : 1 . The growth rate is explosive , transforming itself from a film layer to a dense sheet of filaments as shown below within a 24 hour period . 2 . The growth type , and/or the growth rate , appears to be dependent upon the introduction of a specific visible light frequency range into the culture process . 3 . The size , i.e. , diameter , of the `` filaments '' is much greater than that previously studied in detail on this site . The photographs from the laboratory session will now be described in greater detail below : The new , or modified , filament growth culture that has developed . The origin of the culture is a human oral filament sample . The culture medium is red wine . The bulk of the growth that is shown here occurred within a 24 hour period , with an incubation period of approximately 5 to 7 days . The only known variation in the culturing process , relative to previous culture work over recent years , is subjecting the culture to a specific frequency range of visible light . The frequency ( blue light ) has been chosen as a result of spectral analyses that have recently been conducted and reported on in this site . One of the more important findings of this current research is that the application of certain frequencies , or their harmonics , may play a highly significant role in the various manifestations that the underlying `` organism '' may assume . This may act in a highly detrimental fashion to the host ; in this case , the human being . The rate of growth of the organism under the conditions investigated here may also seriously hinder any efforts to mitigate or inhibit its influence within the human body . The research also points out the extreme risks that may exist in `` experimenting '' with the use of frequency protocols without proper controls and without knowledge of the underlying physiological and physical processes involved . As one example of consideration , the speed of an electromagnetic wave within the body is a variable and therefore any frequency or its harmonic that is under consideration is also expected to vary by target location . The discovery reported here adds a new layer of complexity to the research that has been discussed on this site . A close-up view of the modified growth form that has been developed . The growth rate of this form is remarkable and the topology of the culture is quite complex under higher magnification . At this point , no additional information on the internal nature of the growth is known . Additional microscopic and spectral analyses will need to be conducted in the future to determine if there is correspondence with previous growth forms that have been analyzed in detail . The circumstances of growth are identical to that of previous work , i.e. , the introduction of human oral filament samples within a red wine base ; what differs is the illumination of the petri culture dishes with light of a specific frequency chosen from earlier absorption analysis . It will be noticed that a strong and sharp absorption peak at approximately 375 nanometers ( nm ) has been identified in the previous report ; this corresponds to the blue portion of the visible light spectrum . Tentative work some months past involving the use of this frequency range was applied and observed effects upon culture growth were observed . As a result of the more exact , detailed and verified spectral analysis of recent weeks , the determination of the influence of this frequency has been pursued with greater vigor . Magnification 10x . Another close-up view of the modified growth form that has been developed . To find a commercially available source at the appropriate wavelength of approximately 375 nanometers , it is found that an `` actinic '' lamp is sufficiently close to merit application . Actinic fluorescent lamps are commonly available for aquarium lighting , as they reproduce the light range that is suitable for coral growth . Notice the absorption spectrum presented remains sufficiently pronounced and localized to accommodate the 420 nm wavelength ; practice has shown that a measurable effect is apparent with its use . Magnification 10x . A photograph of the sheen , or film-like layer that develops on the wine culture surface immediately prior to the explosive growth stage that takes place . The early stages of folding and rippling of the surface can be seen . The incubation period to reach this stage is approximately 5 days under the current environmental conditions established . Growth is then extremely rapid , and envelops the entire surface of the dish with filaments as shown above within a 24 hour period . One of the effects that appears to result from the use of the actinic lamp is a very sharp increase in the rate of the culture growths in general . The cultures in the past have usually required several weeks to even several months to develop ; all cultures under examination in this report have produced visible results within a week of time . The central lighted region of the dish is the light stage of the microscope underneath the culture dish .
Another close-up view of the modified growth form that has been developed
Magnification approximately 3x .
Mr Abbott also spruiked his `` fair dinkum '' paid parental leave scheme , which he promised would be introduced to the Parliament in 2015 . However , doubts remain about whether the Prime Minister 's pet project will pass the Senate , or even receive the support of a hostile Liberal party room .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended the number of women in senior positions in his government . Credit : Andrew Meares
Mr Abbott also said he was proud to elevate a number of women in Sunday 's reshuffle . NSW MP Sussan Ley will now be the second woman in his cabinet , joining Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop , after taking charge of the health and sport portfolios . Victorian MP Kelly O'Dwyer was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasurer , and Queensland MP Karen Andrews was made Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry and Science .
In a later interview on Sunrise , Mr Abbott was forced to defend the level of female representation in government . Host Natalie Barr asked the Prime Minister : `` With 30 per cent of women in your government are n't you a little bit embarrassed that you only have two women on your frontbench ? ''
`` We have actually seven women on the frontbench , '' Mr Abbott said . `` We have got two cabinet ministers , two outer ministry ministers and three parliamentary secretaries so look , there are women in the corridors of power . This will become more and more the case . The challenge for all of us , Nat , is to get more women into public life , more women into the Parliament [ and ] once we have got more women in the Parliament , we will have more women in the ministry and more women in the cabinet . ''
The New York Rangers are taking a stand against capital letters in preparation for their series against the Washington Capitals .
The Rangers ' Twitter account tweeted the following after Capitals defeated the New York Islanders in Game 7 on Monday to advance to the second round and set up a best-of-seven series against New York .
so we meet again # nyr — new york rangers ( @ NYRangers ) April 28 , 2015
The trend continued on Tuesday :
While the club 's social media staff has n't actually announced their playful boycott , Rangers fans are starting to catch on .
I like how the @ NYRangers are n't using any caps lol I get it # clever — Rebekah Leah ( @ RebekahAlzate ) April 28 , 2015
Just caught on to what the @ NYRangers account is doing and I could n't be happier — fgoldberg13 ( @ Fgoldberg13 ) April 28 , 2015
Some fans are adopting the movement themselves .
for all you ranger fans out there , until this series is over , do n't tweet in caps at all # beatthecaps # superstition @ NYRangers — Vinny Mutone ( @ Vinny_mutone ) April 28 , 2015
riding with the @ NYRangers everything will be lowed case — gjon von doom ( @ Gjon_Shyti ) April 28 , 2015
The movement has n't been flawless , though .
The team removed capital letters from its Twitter username and bio , but the club 's Twitter handle still has a capital 'N ' , ' Y ' and ' R ' .
There 's also this :
@ NYRangers oh no there are capital letters in that link — sarugh ( @ brooksorpik44 ) April 28 , 2015
Despite being betrayed by a link shortener ( and retweeting various tweets containing capital letters ) , it would be impressive if the Rangers continued the tongue-in-cheek protest for the duration of the series .
As long as the Capitals do n't respond by tweeting in all caps , we 're good .
- With h/t to SB Nation
The Sleuth hears that plans to revive the moribund Fisker brand are looking pretty good . The Wanxiang Group of China , Fisker 's current owner , is planning to ramp up production of the $ 100,000 US Karma hybrid luxury car on or before mid-2015 . That would be an impressive feat since production at its plant in Finland was halted in November 2012 after just 1,800 vehicles were built . That was also shortly before the departure of founder Henrik Fisker and a year before the automaker went bankrupt . The Spy Guy also understands that Wanxiang plans to give the Karma a sprucing , likely limited to interior materials , wheel designs and other non-structural and non-mechanical components . Previously , Wanxiang announced it would eventually move production of the Karma to the United States and roll out a smaller and less expensive model called the Fisker Atlantic .
article continues below
Toyota looks too aluminum to lighten its fleet : Following on the heels of Ford 's new aluminum-bodied F-150 pickup , other automakers are considering similar moves . Sources are telling The Sleuth that Toyota will make at least a partial move to aluminum body panels for some Lexus models , beginning with the 2016 RX 350 hatchback wagon that will feature a hood and tailgate made from the alloy . Also in the planning stages is the next-generation Toyota Camry that will use an aluminum hood . Apparently , the move to aluminum has the steel industry fighting back with claims that new processes being developed will allow for metal body panels to be made as light and as strong as aluminum . Reducing vehicle weight allows car companies to use smaller engines that will help to meet stricter upcoming fuel-economy standards .
Not-so-mini Minis : It appears that , despite the obvious implications of the company 's name , Mini brand owner BMW no longer feels constricted by history or convention to continue restricting its Mini model lineup to only small cars . Although there are no plans to go large in the conventional sense , one model , the Countryman , will expand when the second-generation model arrives for the 2017 model year . That 's because its platform will also be used by the next BMW X1 utility wagon . Interestingly , The Spymaster hears that the same turbocharged three- and four-cylinder engines that power the smaller Mini Cooper and its progeny will also be used in both front- and all-wheel-drive versions of the Countryman . That 's a true testament to their performance .
Texting while driving ? There 's a gun for that : People who send and/or receive text messages while behind the wheel pose a serious threat to themselves , their passengers and to nearby drivers . However , technology might finally be catching up with these dimbulb miscreants . Recently , The Sleuth was made aware that ComSonics , a company that designs and manufactures handheld radar guns , is close to marketing a similar device that can pinpoint outbound text messages emanating from a moving vehicle . Once perfected , which is expected to be very soon , the text gun should be able to pinpoint not only the source text signal , but zero in on the specific individual ( e.g . the driver as opposed to passengers ) within the vehicle doing the texting . Surprisingly , texting while driving is still legal or partially legal in Arizona , Montana , Mississippi , Oklahoma and Texas . In parts of Canada , however , the fine is close to $ 200 and costs drivers several demerit points .
A sob for Saab : The Sweden-based automaker that was until a few years ago part of General Motors could finally be down for the count after a second bankruptcy recently halted the brand 's limited production . Saab has now furloughed its 200 workers , as the company 's backers have yet to bail it out . Meanwhile , a major supplier is demanding that Saab be liquidated so it can be paid .
Dang , that 's fast : With the Nissan GT-R hitting 60 mph ( 96 km/h ) from rest in less than three seconds , it sure took a while for a few rivals to get in the same ballpark . News has finally come to The Sleuth that the 2015 Corvette Z06 can bust the three-second barrier , as can the Dodge Charger/Challenger Hellcat . The shocking part is that both cars have at least 100 horsepower on the Nissan , which means that zero-to-60-mph times really come down to one thing : traction . The Nissan is all-wheel-drive .
Is China going to beat the US back to the Moon ? Not necessarily . History does n't echo , it reverbs
A royal family divided . Watch Marvel 's # Inhumans first in @ IMAX theatres 9/1 , and the complete series on ABC 9/29 . https : //t.co/ScxeXPtxym pic.twitter.com/WkfAq6sCs1 — Marvel 's Inhumans ( @ theinhumans ) August 17 , 2017
The latest trailer for Marvel 's The Inhumans features an up close look at the characters taking part in the saga , including an improved version of Medusa and her CG hair .
Ever since the first trailer for the upcoming ABC series leaked online , fans were critical of the incomplete visual effects for a show that was originally planned to be a feature film .
The new clip comes less than a month away from its premiere in IMAX theaters , offering an updated take on one of the key characters and her hair-raising abilities . Check it out above . One of the most common criticisms from fans concerned Medusa 's hair , which was part CGI and part practical effects . Medusa actor Serinda Swan recently defended the use of mixing the two methods for The Inhumans .
“ It 's never been done before . So , there 's going to be issues and there 's going to be issues and there 's going to be trials and tribulations , ” Swan said . “ The CGI ... there was software that had to be built for it. ” Swan added , “ If we only did things that were perfect , we would never start . And so , it 's a really phenomenal start . ”
The footage shows a less fluid , more static version of the hair . Previous clips showed it to be constantly flowing , which served to shatter the illusion of it being realistic rather than give it a life of its own . The footage also hints at a fight scene involving troops participating in Maximus ' coop , with Medusa 's hair taking out people attempting to subdue her . While the commitment to the source material is admirable , it remains to be seen if the show 's visual effects will match the quality the producers want to achieve .
Marvel 's The Inhumans premieres September 1 in IMAX theaters followed by its television debut beginning September 29th on ABC . In Marvel 's Inhumans , after the Royal Family of Inhumans is splintered by a military coup , they barely escape to Hawaii where their surprising interactions with the lush world and humanity around them may prove to not only save them , but Earth itself .
by Nick Douglas
Of the three main drivers of internet culture-blogs , social networking sites and forums-most people in the media and in the general Internet-using public only understand two . Blogs work in a very obvious way : they 're like magazines or newspapers , but light . Information spreads from blog to blog up and down the food chain , but it 's pretty traceable . Social networks work in a different but equally obvious way : they 're like real-world word of mouth , but easier to track , though still much tougher to control or predict than blogs .
But forums can be inscrutable to outsiders . And they get far less attention than the other two culture-drivers . “ Everyone ” uses Facebook and Twitter , and everyone “ gets ” Gawker and the Huffington Post , but fewer understand what 's going on at Fark , Digg , 4chan , Something Awful and Reddit .
So far , Digg and 4chan have gotten most of the attention . It 's vaguely understood that Digg is that massive site you try to get your blog posts submitted to , and every commercial blog I 've ever worked for dedicated some time to trading votes in an effort to gently game the system . ( I also have friends who arrange voting rings for money , against the site 's rules . )
And 4chan is that deep dark site that Makes Things Happen . They invaded an old man 's birthday party ! They hunted down that lady who dropped a cat into a bin ! Of course , no one “ real ” spends any time in the “ asshole of the internet ” ( an accidentally apt meta-reference to Heart of Darkness ) , and the site does n't keep regular archives and no one has usernames . So it 's hard to tell just how many of 4chan 's exploits are truly 4chan 's .
And I say plenty of them are n't . Likewise , plenty of Digg 's traffic-sending power is overblown-especially now that traffic was down at Digg after their redesign disaster .
Both of these sites are being replaced by Reddit , a four-year-old news forum with far more educated , better-behaved users than either , but with a culture that somehow rides the middle between Digg 's slavery to the mainstream tastes of America 's teen males and 4chan 's obsession with inscrutable in-jokes and anti-humor .
Reddit got almost 300 million pageviews in July , compared to the 200 million Digg views in July that Digg founder Kevin Rose reported on his blog . So says an infographic posted on Reddit by Chris Slowe , the site 's lead developer , who also asks why the media continually call Reddit “ tiny ” and “ dwarfed ” by Digg . What 's more , traffic at Reddit , according to their Google Analytics , is up 24 % in the last two months .
Reddit 's staff of four ( Digg has more than 60 ) are radically transparent in the actually refreshing sense . In July , they asked why web analytics sites like Quantcast , Alexa , Compete and Nielsen all underreport Reddit 's traffic ( probably causing the media 's low estimates ) . They also explained that Condé Nast does n't give them much of a budget because they have n't sold enough ads on their massive inventory . ( They 've since launched a premium tier with added features . ) They even publicly argue against CN 's managerial decisions and ask their users to petition the parent company .
Reddit is still smaller than 4chan , which passed 300 million pageviews back in February , 2009 . But because it 's not an intentionally churning forum of anonymous posters , it 's much more valuable , view for view . While 4chan is a great place to get a meme started , and the fog of war makes for a beautifully mysterious beginning to a viral epidemic , Reddit is the place to actually get shit done .
The raid of WWII veteran William Lashua 's birthday party started on 4chan , but the project only evolved when Lashua 's grandson appealed to his internet fans on Reddit , asking them to avoid forming too much of a mob . Such a plea would have been ignored on 4chan , where no one can trust anyone 's identity , and the thread would have been deleted in under an hour , as all threads are on that site . Thus Reddit serves as the gatekeeper between 4chan and the internet at large .
But they can also start their own real-world memes . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert are holding a rally on the National Mall on October 30 , entirely because Reddit asked them to .
At 5 A.M. on August 31 , Reddit user mrsammercer posted his “ vision ” : Stephen Colbert should hold a rally to satirize Glenn Beck 's August 28 “ Restoring Honor ” rally . ( He admitted a couple of other users had the same idea . ) The post caught on , earning over 11,200 upvotes ( and 6500 downvotes ) . Colbert had praised Reddit on the air in July , and many Redditors suspect he 's a regular .
While New York says that Colbert and Stewart had discussed a satirical rally while Beck 's was still being planned , they did n't announce until the 16th , after Reddit spent two weeks petitioning them online-and raising more than $ 240,000 for Colbert 's favorite charity , DonorsChoose .
We 'll see if the rally is successful , or if it fizzles into this year 's Snakes on a Plane . But just by getting it rolling , Reddit has already dwarfed the real-world cultural accomplishments of Digg and 4chan and proven that it can push more culture through the internet than its competitors . This is the web 's real center , whether anyone recognizes it or not .
Nick Douglas is a senior editor at Urlesque . He would like to show you his screenplay .
Our thief needed a helping hand ( Photo via Shutterstock )
A suspected car thief led the cops on a very , very brief chase earlier this morning in Echo Park—apparently because he could n't handle a stick shift .
Officers noticed the stolen Nissan 350Z at Sunset Boulevard and North Alvarado Street around 1:10 a.m. , and chased it down to near West Temple Street before the 29-year old man abandoned the sports car and its passenger inside because he had trouble handling its manual transmission . City News Service reports that the sports car was reported stolen in San Diego six days ago , which , yes , raises the question as how this guy managed to get the car all the way to L.A. if he could n't handle it .
The passenger , a 24-year old woman , was arrested for an outstanding traffic warrant , and the driver was found less than a half hour later hiding in an alleyway .
Stick shift : a better theft deterrent than The Club !
An elderly woman entered the Presidential Pawn shop in Rapid City , SD . Tuesday morning with a box of WW II artifacts not realizing the contents contained a live hand-grenade .
The employee on duty at the time , Ron Johnson , calmly put the grenade in a safe until the Ellsworth Air Base Bomb Unit could remove the device from the store .
I was just thinking , I hope this does n't go off . I just said 'this is very , very dangerous . ' '' - Ron Johnson , Presidential Pawn employee
The unidentified woman said her husband , who served in the Pacific theater during WW II , had the grenade on his desk for years .
Johnson said the Ellsworth Bomb Unit picked up the device and put it in a special canister . He said the wait was an especially tense one .
source : Rapid City Journal
Egypt 's unemployment rate fell to 12.8 percent in the first three months of 2015 , compared to 13.4 percent in the same period a year ago , the government statistics agency said on Sunday , citing an improved economic outlook .
President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi has pledged to reduce joblessness to 10 percent over the next five years .
The former army chief has brought a degree of stability to the Arab world 's most populous country since he toppled Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in 2013 after mass protests against his rule .
Analysts believe actual unemployment may be higher than the official figures .
Statistics agency CAPMAS cited an `` improvement in economic activities '' as the reason for the lower unemployment rate .
But a survey this month showed that business activity in Egypt 's non-oil private sector has contracted for the past four months .
Government reforms and billions of dollars from Gulf allies have boosted investor confidence , but Egypt faces pressure to deliver more jobs for its rapidly growing population of about 90 million .
The labour force grew 0.5 percent year-on-year in the first quarter to 27.7 million , less than one-third of the total population , CAPMAS said . About two-thirds of the 3.5 million unemployed Egyptians are youth , it said .
Last Update : Sunday , 17 May 2015 KSA 15:31 - GMT 12:31
Five bodies have been pulled from rivers and canals across a 10-mile stretch of northern England within the last four weeks leading to suggestions there could be a 'Yorkshire dipper ' on the loose .
Police have recovered the bodies of a teenager , a pensioner , a man in his twenties , and two middle aged men from waterways in the Kirklees area of West Yorkshire over the last month .
It has led to suggestion from locals that there could be a 'Yorkshire dipper ' on the loose responsible for pushing the men into the water – similar to speculation of the 'Pusher ' in Manchester .
Police said the five recent deaths in West Yorkshire are not thought to be linked but said all of the deaths are being treated as either 'non-suspicious ' or 'unexplained ' .
Police have recovered the bodies of a teenager , a pensioner , a man in his 20s , and two middle aged men from waterways in the Kirklees area of West Yorkshire over the last month . Pictured : Police and a forensics tent could be seen alongside the River Calder in Dewsbury yesterday after the body of Daniel France was found
Police and rescue workers are seen working to recover the body of Daniel France after the discovery by a member of the public in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , yesterday . He is the fifth man to be pulled from the water
Police recovered the bodies of a teenager , a pensioner , a man in his twenties , and two middle aged men from waterways in the Huddersfield , Dewsbury and Mirfield areas of West Yorkshire ( pictured ) over the last month
Residents have taken to social media to comment on the high number of bodies recovered within such a short time frame - speculating that someone could be responsible for the deaths .
One said : 'Ca n't deal with the fact there 's a suspected 'canal pusher ' killing people in West Yorkshire . This is the Yorkshire ripper all over again . '
In light of the recent discovery , another Twitter user asked : 'Not another one ? '
Detective Inspector George Bardell , of Kirklees District CID , said the force was treating all of the deaths as 'isolated incidents ' but confirmed inquiries remain ongoing .
He told MailOnline : 'We are aware of speculation on social media following bodies being found in waterways in Kirklees over the last month .
'Inquiries have been made by the police into all of these deaths ; however no links have been found and they appear to all be tragic isolated incidents .
'We are supporting the families involved and assisting the coroner 's investigations in to these deaths where the circumstances of each of these incidents will be individually considered . '
The latest body to be discovered was that of 38-year-old missing man Daniel France , who was last seen several weeks ago .
His body was found in the River Calder , near Sands Lane in Dewsbury , on Wednesday morning by a member of the public . His family have been informed .
Police said inquiries into the circumstances of his death are ongoing but said they are 'keeping an open mind ' .
Residents have taken to social media to comment on the high number of bodies recovered within such a short time frame - speculating that someone could be responsible for the deaths . Pictured : Police by the River Calder in Dewsbury after the fifth body was found within a 10-mile radius around Huddersfield , West Yorkshire
His body was the fifth to be recovered and followed the discovery of another man 's body , which was found further downstream in the River Calder on Good Friday .
He has been identified as 77-year-old missing pensioner George Bass , from Harrogate .
He vanished from his home on March 2 , and was later seen on CCTV in York and Leeds .
DI Bill Burns said today : 'Our thoughts are with George 's family and we are doing everything we can to support them at this sad time . '
Meanwhile , the body of another man was pulled from the Calder and Hebble Navigation Canal at Thornhill Lees on March 23 .
The body of a 19-year-old , named locally as Hamza Amer , from Batley , was also found in a canal close to Huddersfield town centre on March 17 .
And 'human remains ' were found in a wooded area next to the Calder and Hebble Canal in Ravensthorpe on March 14 . This man is thought to have been dead for some time and experts said it would take some time for identification to be established .
The man was wearing shorts with a palm tree design and a 'No Fear ' t-shirt when he was found .
He is thought to be aged between 30 and 50 and his death is being treated as 'unexplained ' .
Detective Inspector George Bardell , of Kirklees District CID , said the force was treating all of the deaths as 'isolated incidents ' but confirmed inquiries remain ongoing . Pictured : A police van in Dewsbury yesterday
The latest body to be discovered was that of 38-year-old missing man Daniel France , who was last seen several weeks ago . His body was found in the River Calder , near Sands Lane in Dewsbury ( pictured )
The suggestions of a 'Yorkshire dipper ' come after there was speculation of someone 'pushing ' people into waterways in Manchester .
An astonishing 85 bodies - mostly men - have been pulled from Manchester 's canals in the last seven years .
The cause behind the majority of the deaths are believed to have been established , but more than 20 are still classified as 'unexplained ' , resulting in open verdicts .
The deaths have caused speculation that loved ones were the victims of a serial killer they dubbed 'The Pusher ' - a psychopath who murders his targets by bundling them into the icy waters .
Some families believe their claim has considerable substance not only because of the disproportionately high numbers of people to have died in the rivers , but due to the suspicious circumstances surrounding the deaths of several men .
Senior detective Tony Blockley appeared on a Channel 4 documentary titled 'Manchester 's Serial Killer ? ' where he examined the evidence purporting to support the allegation that the same person may well be responsible for a catalogue of killings .
FRANKFURT , Germany ( AP ) — Germany 's finance minister is denouncing trade protectionism ahead of a meeting with U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and a summit where global finance officials are expected to tussle over how strongly to support free trade .
Wolfgang Schaeuble said in a speech Thursday that “ protectionism and nationalism are never the right answers. ” He noted that countries are “ more connected and dependent on each other than at any other point in history . ”
“ We can not turn back the clock and reverse globalization… but we can shape it , ” he told a forum hosted by the Institute of International Finance .
Schaeuble 's meeting with Mnuchin comes after U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration criticized Germany 's trade surplus . Members of the Group of 20 , a gathering of the world 's most powerful economies , will debate whether to confirm their rejection of trade barriers when they meet Friday and Saturday in southern Germany .
Last year 's gathering of the G-20 finance ministers issued a statement opposing “ all forms of protectionism. ” This time , early drafts of the ministers ' statement have omitted such unequivocal language , which in the final version could be softened to refer to trade that is “ open ” and “ fair , ” without the absolute opposition to import restrictions to benefit domestic workers .
Trump has repeatedly emphasized that the U.S. needs a tougher approach to trade that would put American workers and companies first . He has already pulled the U.S. out of a proposed trade deal with Pacific Rim countries and has started the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada .
His trade adviser Peter Navarro has accused Germany of benefiting from a weak euro that boosts its exports . Germany rejects the charge , saying it sells more abroad because its companies make competitive products and that it ca n't do much to influence the euro 's exchange rate since eurozone monetary policy is set by the European Central Bank .
Ahead of his meeting with Schaeuble , Mnuchin visited his British counterpart , Philip Hammond , in London . The two underscored the importance of their countries ' close relations and their “ desire to work closely , including through institutions like the G-20 , ” the Treasury said in a statement .
New signs are in place at stations along the Silver Line . ( Robert Thomson/The Washington Post )
The announcement by Dulles Transit Partners that it had finished work on the first phase of the Silver Line rail project raised hopes that Metro could take control of the project this month . But it now appears that the transition will not happen in February .
According to two sources with direct knowledge of the review process , officials at the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority , have determined DTP , the contractor lead by construction giant Bechtel , has not completed its work on the first phase of the $ 5.6 billion project . MWAA , which is overseeing construction , is expected to make the announcement today — the end of its 15-day review period .
News of the new delay was first reported by WTOP .
The announcement means yet another delay for passengers anxious to ride on the new rail line that links Tysons Corner and Reston to the larger Metro system . Planners originally had hoped to begin passenger service in December 2013 , but this combined with other earlier delays may push the start of service into the late spring or early summer , the individuals said .
The problems stem from a number of issues , but among the most stubborn is the automatic train control system — a key safety component . MWAA officials declined to comment on the latest reports .
DTP announced Feb. 7 that it had completed work on the rail line . MWAA had 15-days to review that claim . DTP will now be given time to complete whatever work MWAA thinks is not finished . Once DTP signals the work is completed and the proper paperwork has been submitted , the 15-day review period will begin again . The process will continue until MWAA certifies that DTP 's work is completed .
Once that declaration is made , MWAA must then work with Metro to determine whether the rail line is indeed ready to be handed over to Metro . Once Metro accepts ownership of the line , it has 90 days to complete its review and training . It will be up to Metro to determine when passenger service will begin .
Middlesbrough are reportedly considering a move for Malaga attacker Juanpi Anor .
According to reports from Calcio Mercato , Premier League club Middlesbrough are considering a swoop for Venezuelan international Juanpi Anor .
Middlesbrough have looked very impressive in the Premier League following their promotion from the Championship last season and one of the main reasons behind Boro 's fine start has been due to the encouraging performances of their new signings .
The likes of Alvaro Negredo , Antonio Barragan and Brad Guzan have done very well so far this season and the reinforced Middlesbrough side look well equipped to stave off relegation .
Nonetheless , the Premier League is an extremely difficult division and it is believed that manager Aitor Karanka is already looking at options to further improve his squad during the next transfer window in January .
Now according to reports from Calcio Mercato , Karanka is currently considering a swoop for Malaga attacking midfielder Juanpi .
Juanpi is an extremely talented young player who managed to break into the Malaga first-team back in 2014 , and the 22-year-old has since established himself as a regular for the Boquerones over the course of the last two seasons .
Karanka is understandably a manager who has extensive knowledge of the Spanish game and Italian reports have revealed that the Boro boss is hopeful of luring Juanpi to the Riverside Stadium this winter .
GRANTS PASS , Ore.  The Oregon Supreme Court unanimously ruled Thursday that a retired school bus driver can have her medical marijuana and a concealed handgun , too .
The ruling upheld previous decisions by the Oregon Court of Appeals and circuit court that determined a federal law barring criminals and drug addicts from buying firearms does not excuse sheriffs from issuing concealed weapons permits to people who hold medical marijuana cards and otherwise qualify .
`` We hold that the Federal Gun Control Act does not pre-empt the state 's concealed handgun licensing statute and , therefore , the sheriffs must issue ( or renew ) the requested licenses , '' Chief Justice Paul De Muniz wrote in the ruling issued in Salem .
CBSNews.com special report : Marijuana nation
Cynthia Willis , one of four plaintiffs , welcomed the ruling .
`` I feel like a big girl now , '' Willis said . `` I feel like a real human being now , not just a source of revenue to the county . ''
Leland Berger , the attorney representing Willis and other medical marijuana patients in the state , said the ruling was important in the continuing national debate over making marijuana legal to treat medical conditions .
`` I am hopeful we will end cannabis prohibition the same way we ended alcohol prohibition , which was by refusing to enforce federal laws within the state , '' Berger said .
Berger noted that acceptance of medical marijuana continues to grow , with Delaware last week becoming the 16th state to make it legal .
Willis , 54 , has carried a Walther .22-caliber automatic pistol for personal protection since a messy divorce several years ago .
She volunteers at a Medford smoke shop that helps medical marijuana patients find growers , and teaches how to get the most medical benefit from the pound-and-a-half of pot that card carriers are allowed to possess .
She uses marijuana cookies , joints and salves to treat arthritis pain and muscle spasms .
Elmer Dickens , a lawyer representing the sheriffs of Washington and Jackson counties , said the ruling provided needed clarification on whether the defendants should follow federal or state law on what has been a cloudy issue .
Dickens did not anticipate an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court , because the ruling focused so tightly on state law .
`` Every sheriff knows now what the rules are , and we got what we needed , '' he said .
The ruling also said Congress has no constitutional authority to require states to use gun licensing statues to enforce a federal law like the prohibition on handguns for marijuana users .
Allen St. Pierre , executive director of NORML , said the Oregon justices `` did n't drink the Kool-Aid '' by adopting the view that marijuana should be treated differently than 400,000 other drugs used as medicine .
He noted that during Prohibition , many people could buy alcohol by claiming a medical benefit .
Oregon Attorney General John Kroger had argued in favor of the medical marijuana patients and against the sheriffs of Jackson and Washington counties who withheld handgun permits .
Oregon became one of the first states in the nation to authorize people to use marijuana to treat medical conditions when voters approved an initiative in 1998 . The state has also moved marijuana down the list of illegal drugs from the top ranking to No . 2 .
Nearly 40,000 Oregonians hold medical marijuana patient cards , with more than 36,000 of them for severe pain , according to Oregon Medical Marijuana Program statistics . Another 22,000 are registered as growers , and 21,000 as caregivers .
The ruling came the same day that the Oregon House was holding a hearing on a bill crafted by retired state troopers in the Legislature that would make it tougher for doctors to issue medical marijuana cards .
SOTN Editor 's Note :
While the following headline may appear over the top , this article published by Freedom Daily contains information about John McCain that is true and accurate .
That the entire Mainstream Media has completely ignored John McCain 's treasonous crime spree makes them complicit and , therefore , traitors to the American Republic .
The People 's case is open and shut … and now ready for prosecution , AG Sessions .
State of the Nation
July 14 , 2017
McCain Prepares To Flee D.C. To Avoid 20-Years In Prison After What He Was Just Busted In The Act Of
By Prissy Holly
freedomdaily.com
Senator John McCain is a traitor and an enemy of the American people . Over the past few weeks disturbing information has emerged about his direct ties to Muslim terrorists , how he 's basically owned by George Soros , and how he 's been the malicious ass behind the series of leaks on Trump , as McCain continues to work in the shadows with top Democrats to get Trump impeached . Now another scandal is exploding on the senator , after what a British spy just revealed about McCain 's dark past . But unfortunately for McCain , his antics this time are a federal crime , and could wind up getting him locked away in prison for many years to come .
The liberal media has been working overtime to smear President Trump in any way possible where they 've been shameless with their barrage of fake news stories ever since Trump took office . The most infamous fake news story was when BuzzFeed and CNN used the fake dossier to push the nonsense that Trump hired two Russian hookers to pee on Obama 's bed , which was later debunked . The fake dossier was compiled and put together by former British spy Christopher Steele and his London firm , who later sold it to Trump 's political opponents . As two defamation lawsuit are about to be filed against Steele for his fake dossier on Trump , the former spy is now throwing John McCain under the bus , revealing the startling amount of involvement the senator to overthrow the President of the Untied States , which is a very serious federal crime .
According to court documents in the British lawsuit , lawyers for Steele reveal that McCain was one of the only people in Washington D.C. who had copies of the full document before it was circulated among liberal journalists and then published by BuzzFeed . McCain will now be forced to leave D.C. in order to testify under oath about what he knew , and why he decided to spread fake news about Trump , as he was obsessive in his pursuits to get his grubby hands on the 35-page dossier . The Guardian reported :
Sen. John McCain faces questions in a defamation lawsuit about leaks leading to publication of the now-infamous dossier that alleged Donald Trump 's campaign had connections to Russian operatives , McClatchy has learned .
The dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele and his London firm , Orbis Business Intelligence Ltd. , amounted to a collection of uncorroborated reports of collusion gathered as political research for sale to Trump 's opponents . It proved explosive when published by online news site BuzzFeed on Jan. 10 . Now , two lawsuits — one in the United States and a second in the U.K. — are being brought by lawyers for Aleksej Gubarev , a Cyprus-based Internet entrepreneur whom Steele 's Russian sources accused of cyber spying against the Democratic Party leadership .
According to a new court document in the British lawsuit , counsel for defendants Steele and Orbis repeatedly point to McCain , R-Ariz. , a vocal Trump critic , and a former State Department official as two in a handful of people known to have had copies of the full document before it circulated among journalists and was published by BuzzFeed .
The court document obtained by McClatchy confirms that Sir Andrew Wood , a former British ambassador to Moscow and a Russia adviser to former Prime Minister Tony Blair , discussed the 35-page dossier with McCain . “ The Defendants considered that the issues were self-evidently relevant to the national security of the US , UK and their allies , ” the document says , explaining why Steele and his partner , Christopher Burrows , felt it necessary to share the dossier 's findings . Wood had told Britain 's The Guardian in January that McCain had reached out to him about the dossier , and had obtained it through other means . The court document confirms that Wood , Steele and former State Department official David Kramer decided together that new information gathered after the election should be shared with authorities in Britain and the United States .
Working with foreign governments to overthrow the President of the Untied States as McCain has done is a serious federal crime as spelled out in 18 U.S. Code 2385 that could land him 20 years in behind bars . Working with foreign governments is additionally a violation of the Logan Act , as citizens are prohibited from negotiating with foreign governments in order to undermine our government . Add these illegal antics with the bombshell that came out several weeks ago exposing McCain 's intimate ties with the London bridge bomber , and it 's completely asinine that this man has not been impeached by Congress .
It 's time that WE THE PEOPLE demand that John McCain be removed from office . He 's nothing more than a domestic terrorist who has gotten away with his BS in the past by hiding behind his status as a veteran , as he frequently uses the sob story of being a POW to divert everyone 's attention away from the fact that he 's a POS traitor and domestic terrorist .
___
http : //freedomdaily.com/mccain-prepares-flee-d-c-avoid-20-years-prison-just-busted-act/
The record-setting research cell was constructed at the company 's Perrysburg , Ohio , manufacturing factory and Research & Development Center using processes and materials suitable for commercial-scale manufacturing . In addition to the Newport TAC Lab certification , the record has been documented in the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) “ Best Research Cell Efficiencies ” reference chart .
This is the ninth substantial update to CdTe record efficiency since 2011 , firmly establishing a sustained trend of rapid performance improvements that significantly outstrips all other commercial technologies .
“ We are tracking very closely to a technology roadmap we first presented in 2013 and revised upward in March 2014 , ” said Raffi Garabedian , First Solar 's Chief Technology Officer . “ At that time , we said we 'd hit a 22 percent research cell efficiency milestone by the end of 2015 . We 've delivered on that promise . The accomplishment validates our continued confidence in CdTe as a superior PV material that combines cost effectiveness , reliability and high performance . In recent years and based on our research cell progress , we 've improved the efficiency and energy density of our mass produced commercial PV modules at a rate at least three times faster than our multi-crystalline Si competitors . We fully expect to further separate ourselves from the pack in coming years . ”
Garabedian noted that First Solar 's lead manufacturing lines were producing PV modules with 16.4 percent conversion efficiency in 4Q 2015 , and that the research cell efficiency accomplishment serves as a powerful driver for integrating performance improvement into the real-world manufacturing environment .
Sergio Urrego , 16 , took his own life last month after Catholic school administrators harassed the teenager by making his relationship with another young man public and accused him of sexual harassment .
Sergio 's mother , Alba Reyes , has just recently opened up to the media about her son 's suicide in order to clear his name .
Reyes said her nightmare began in May when a teacher at Gimnasio Castillo Campestre school in the Colombian capital Bogotá , saw a photo of Sergio kissing his boyfriend of a month and a half on his cellphone . After confiscating the phone , both boys were sent to the school psychologist .
The boyfriend was then forced by the school to tell his parents about his sexuality and was quickly withdrawn from the school .
The school refused to release Urrego 's academic results and blocked his transfer to another school . He was continuously suspended from classes , send on multiple visits to the psychologist and accused of sexual harassment .
Unable to cope with the betrayal and harassment at the hands of school administrators , Urrego sent his friends goodbye messages and then jumped from the Titán Plaza shopping center on the morning of August 4 . He passed away three hours later at a local hospital .
‘ My sexuality is not my sin , it 's my own paradise , ' Urrego wrote on his Facebook page before taking his life .
He also shared the lyrics from Pink Floyd 's “ The Wall ” on Facebook the day of his suicide :
Goodbye cruel world
I 'm leaving you today
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye all you people
There 's nothing you can say
To make me change
My mind
Goodbye .
Of the 42 students who were in the 11th grade with Sergio , 40 attended his funeral on August 8 .
Shortly after his funeral , his classmates were called into a meeting with the principal who described the deceased teen as an ‘ anarchist , ' ‘ atheist , ' and ‘ homosexual , ' never once showing any sadness or sense of loss for the former student . The school psychologist also told the students to be ‘ discreet ' about the suicide , according to a student who wished to remain anonymous .
The school also informed the students who attended the funeral without prior permission , they would have to make up the day they missed the following Saturday .
Sergio 's father insists his son 's suicide was a cry of protest against the school who bullied and harassed their teen son .
In one of the three letters Sergio left behind , one was addressed to his grandmother . He wrote that he would miss her hands , the way that she would look , her smile : “ I never wished to die before my grandmother , but I ca n't continue on . In reality , I ask your forgiveness for this . ”
Sergio had plans to study English in Australia and to become an environmental engineer .
R.I.P . Sergio Urrego .
[ H/T : Advocate via ElEspectador
First - jocelyncd.deviantart.com/art/R… Gallery - jocelyncd.deviantart.com/galle… Prev - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Next - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… The majority of readers seemed to believe Debbie could n't clock Rain , and was just making a generalized statement . That may very well be the case . But I can tell you that as a trans girl , being called all the , and ( in my case ) in the world can be very quickly and very easily undone by ( well , I 'm a bit more resilient now , but I 've been at this a lot longer than Rain has ) .In other words , it does n't matter if Debbie or Holly or any of their other classmates ca n't specifically identify her as a trans woman or are n't implying that she 's male . In fact , it 's unlikely that anyone in that school would even come to that conclusion without personal experience pertaining to trans issues ( ie , knowing someone who 's trans , being trans themselves ) . And that 's especially the case given that it 's so ingrained in their minds that Rain is female by this point . But even if they do n't actually consider her to be male , they seein Rain 's appearance that brings words like `` boyish '' to mind . Even if they 're not wittingly clocking her , or even trying to insult her , simply speaking their minds proves to be just as harshAnd Rain is right . Arguing too much may draw attention . If she starts demanding that she 's not a boy when no onesaid she was , that may very well raise suspicion . As we know , she 's a tough kid . Rain can get through this . But it 's going to require her to be more careful than before.©2004-2015Rain , all characters and all other aspects of the story are copyright material belonging to me .
By Dr. Levi Harrison
Keyboard placement , whether it is in a gaming environment , or perhaps in a general office environment is essential to long term hand , wrist and upper extremity health of computer users . As I have touched upon in previous articles , podcasts and videos , repetitive stress injury ( RSI ) is at its core caused by the repetition of a specific motion such as clicking , typing , joystick use or the pressing of a button .
The rate at which conditions such as carpal tunnel and tendonitis develop can be affected by a multitude of factors . These include poor posture , improper nutrition , minimal fitness , and unbalanced hand and wrist placement in accordance with keyboard/mouse positions and potentially extracurricular activities . Regardless , in this particular article , I would like to touch upon the topic of proper keyboard placement , which is undoubtedly essential in preventing career ending repetitive stress injuries . Let 's get down to business !
INITIAL STANDARD POSITIONING
First let 's begin with the standard , initial placement of the keyboard . Though some games can encourage players to hold their keyboards in diagonal , or inverse positions , I would always recommend that if possible , the user sets their keyboard up directly , and squarely in front of them . This , assuming the player is sitting properly , and is at the appropriate height , relative to their desk , which will allow for a proper 90-degree angle between the elbow and the forearm . More specifically , you do n't want to be reaching from under the table , NOR do you want to be reaching down to the keyboard from a heightened angle . Ideally , you want your forearms to be aligned with the resting keyboard .
Many ergonomic studies have demonstrated a keyboard on a tray below the desk is the best for keyboard placement . It would seem none of my gaming patients will entertain this idea after extensive discussion . This particular article will ideally provide you with a healthy alternative to the lowered desk/tray placement .
Once a proper angle/ergonomic environment is established , it is essential that the keyboard is not placed to far from the user , or to close . If this is done , then it can force the user to fall out of the proper ergonomic posture to adjust for the incorrect positioning of the keyboard . I recommend having the keyboard 6 to 9 inches in front of your center torso . TLDR – Make sure your keyboard is in a position that does NOT alter your 90-degree angle ( Elbow Angle ) between your elbow and forearm while in use .
On that same note , once you set up your desk and chair , and you are comfortable with their balanced position , and have established a 90-degree elbow angle , I would suggest using a tape marker on your desk to indicate the keyboard position that allows for the desired 90-degree angle . Often , in between games , especially ones with aggressive clicking or keyboard piloting , the keyboard can be moved , hence , allowing for additional extremity stress , and a tape marker can help you quickly readjust in between games .
Lastly , on the subject of keyboard alignment , if you are struggling to maintain the appropriate 90-degree angle , you could try using a keyboard gel pad to hold your forearms up , hence , maintaining a proper angle .
* This image shows the use of a gel pad support ; however , the pad is to thick causing me to have my elbows below the wrist . This is not the best ergonomic position . The wrist and elbows must be in a neutral position . Also the keyboard is flat , without the appropriate 20-degree slope . *
KEYBOARD HEIGHT/ANGLE
Another pertinent subject relating to keyboard use and gaming is the slope of the keyboard . There are many keyboards out there on the market , many of which claim to provide competitive advantages , and yes , in certain circumstances , having an extra macro able button may be helpful . Regardless , at the end of the day , if you 're in perpetual pain , you can not play , despite that button . Many studies have shown that having a keyboard , which features a 20-degree slope is ideal , and I would agree . In using a completely flat keyboard for sustained periods of time , your fingers will have to reach , then , flex downward to push buttons further up the keyboard , where as , a minor slope allows for more fluid , keystroke of the higher placed buttons .
ANGLED/ALTNERIATVE KEYBOARD PLACEMENT
Firstly , I 'd like you to take a look at the following images :
These are positions I commonly see in individuals who play CSGO , and it has even appeared in other games/genres . This particular style of playing forces the elbows away from the body , and in turn , pulls the head and neck forward . Simply put , these positions , though they may benefit your play in the short term , may potentially lead to the development of :
Wrist Tendonitis – This wrist/forearm alignment can lead to the unnatural flexion of the wrist , hence , causing additional stress with each press .
Tennis Elbow – Again , being out of alignment , and RSI in general can be a compounding issue , and can cause pain in the elbow and upper forearm .
Neck & Shoulder Pain – The angling of the arm/shoulder in these particular positions can cause additional stress on the shoulder , as it forces the user 's shoulder/arm into an unbalanced , ergonomically poor position .
Again , as previously mentioned , you may not feel the harm of these play styles in the short term , however , during long hours of practice , scrimmaging , or competition prep , this may not only deteriorate your performance , but also your health .
* NOTE : If you must play this way to stay competitive , then do your best to follow the other tips mentioned in this article , and make sure to take perpetual breaks on the hour . Understandably , as a professional sport , we must make sacrifices from time to time . Remember , these are suggestions , use those that are applicable to you ; even making a single change for the better can greatly impact your hand and wrist health ! *
PROPER KEYBOARD PLACEMENT/ALLIGNMENT
Now that we have talked about the bad , let 's talk about the good ! Please reference the following picture , as well as the excellent decorative plate in the background .
Ideally , you want to have your keyboard and mouse directly in front of you . If your mouse is slightly off to the side , as it is in the picture above , that is fine . It is ESSENTIAL to make sure your well padded chair is elevated high enough to keep the elbows flexed between 90 degrees and 105 degrees , in a neutral position . Elbow neutrality is critical here as well .
Secondly , the back should be straight against the chair , so that your lower back ( Lumbar ) is supported ; often , I 've seen gamers slouch , or use chairs that do not firmly support their lower backs , which can in turn lead to the development of not only lower back pain , but can inevitably cause RSI . During your next gaming session , do your best to sit up straight , and try to find a chair that firmly supports your lower back . Also , keep your feet firmly on the ground without crossing your legs while gaming .
Next , make sure that your ergonomic mouse is no more than 8 inches away from the closest keyboard side . This will assist you in maintaining the optimal ergonomic alignment , as going further away , can force your hand , wrist , elbow and shoulder into a less ergonomically balanced position .
Also , while on the subject of distance , I would suggest having your monitor 20-30 inches away from your eyes . You also want your eyes to align with the top of your monitor . This will ensure that your neck is not flexed in straining position , and that proper posture is maintained ( I personally prefer a wider monitor that is slightly lower and angled ) .
Again , I sincerely hope that these tips and suggestions will assist you in not only extending your gaming careers , but will also improve your quality of life ! Thank you all for your perpetual support ! Let 's get to work people !
-Dr. Levi Harrison
The Gamers & eSports Doctor
Catherine Ashton likes to deal personally with the important matters affecting the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) . Recently Ashton , the European Union 's high representative for foreign affairs and security policy , took the elevator to the ground floor of her agency 's Brussels headquarters and marched into the building 's inner courtyard .
A pavilion there allows smokers to stay dry even on rainy days . On this particular one , though , it was n't raining in Brussels for once , and a few EU employees stood smoking outside the structure . They were more than a little surprised when Ashton appeared in front of them and asked that they please step inside the pavilion , because otherwise their cigarette smoke would waft into the offices on the building 's upper floors .
This was one of the rare moments when the diplomats of the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) laid eyes on their boss in person . Ashton is usually so busy that even her spokesperson , when asked about the high representative 's whereabouts , once answered , `` We do n't know , but she 's definitely working . ''
When Ashton , a member of Britain 's Labour Party , took office three and a half years ago , the idea was for her to lend weight to EU foreign policy . Instead , the EU finds itself still struggling to gain diplomatic influence . Employees within Ashton 's own agency complain that the high representative is unable to delegate and has no political agenda .
'Too Top-Heavy '
The European Parliament 's Foreign Affairs Committee , which oversees the newly created EEAS , has similar criticism for the way the agency is run . On Tuesday , committee chair Elmar Brok presented a paper that describes a structure that is `` too top-heavy and marked by too many decision-making layers . '' The paper adds that Ashton often reacts too late and allows EU member states to dictate her staffing policy . The report suggests a general review of the agency , with Ashton receiving one or more deputy representatives to assist her .
There is considerable dissatisfaction with the EEAS within the European Parliament . According to the Lisbon Treaty , the EU 's new diplomatic service should work to formulate a common EU foreign policy , yet not even the high representative believes this is actually possible . `` The EEAS is not a European foreign ministry designed to replace Member States ' foreign ministries , '' Ashton wrote in an internal position paper , but rather `` something new and unique . ''
It 's certainly under uniquely poor management , or so the parliamentary report suggests , with its long list of the agency 's shortcomings . Wherever crises have cropped up over the past two years , the EU has reacted too late . When the Arab Spring broke out , Ashton had to be asked several times before she finally flew to Cairo . Even with an ongoing crisis brewing in Mali , it was France that ultimately intervened to keep the country from falling completely to Islamic fundamentalists .
`` Operational decision-making and implementation in the area of the Common Foreign and Security Policy / Common Security and Defense Policy ( CFSP/CSDP ) are too slow because of structural and procedural reasons , '' criticizes the parliamentary report . It goes on to state , `` It has become apparent that the EU is unable to ensure , in the short term , a reallocation of resources , including staff , to match new political priorities . ''
The European Parliament also finds fault with the fact that key areas of foreign policy -- such as climate change , trade and energy policy -- are out of Ashton 's hands , limitations that the high representative accepts without complaint . Since she 's simultaneously vice president of the European Commission , Ashton could certainly take a stance on any and all issues , yet she has not made any memorable statements even on the all-consuming matter of the euro-zone debt crisis . When her staff reminds her that China and Japan are highly interested to know how stable Europe 's currency is , the high representative replies that the subject is not her area . The one point on which all parties can agree is the high representative 's talent as a negotiator -- Serbia and Kosovo have Ashton to thank for an agreement reached last Friday to normalize relations between the two countries .
The EU Versus the Baroness
The EU member states do n't make things easy for the British baroness . The larger countries in particular prefer to reach their decisions unilaterally . The individual member states also intervene in EEAS staffing decisions whenever they can , preferring to send their own representatives when it comes to posting EU ambassadors to other countries . Forty percent of these positions went to candidates from the member states , much to the displeasure of long-serving Brussels-based diplomats , some of whom describe it as a `` hostile takeover . ''
Ashton has raised no objections on the matter , and to make things worse , some of the new EU representatives quickly turned out to be a poor fit for their posts . In Libya , a second ambassador resigned after just a few months , unable to cope with the job . Yet Ashton herself had declared , in announcing that ambassador 's appointment , `` The opportunity to represent the EU in the world clearly continues to attract the very best diplomats . ''
Inge Grässle , a member of the European Parliament 's budgetary control committee , also criticizes the fact that no other EU institution has so many high-level officials overseeing so little staff , pointing out that there are directorates with just 22 employees and director-generals who oversee as few as 44 staff members .
No less questionable is the increasing number of so-called special representatives . When she first took office , Ashton intended to disband these posts , which come with generous travel budgets . Instead she has appointed more special representatives than ever before . At the same time , the exact responsibilities that fall to these positions are unclear . Grässle believes their primary purpose is `` aimless foreign policy action . ''
One Foot out the Door ?
Ashton comes across as clearly weary of her position , and recently announced she will step down in 2014 . She knows she has no chance of a second term . Ashton arrived in Brussels in 2009 on behalf of Great Britain 's Labour Party , but current Prime Minister David Cameron heads the Conservative Party and is hardly going to support a candidate from his opposition .
In other words , the race to see who will succeed Ashton has begun . A great deal here depends on the results of the European Parliament elections in May 2014 and on who gets Brussels ' two other top jobs -- the European Commission president , who runs the EU 's executive , and the European Council president , the head of the powerful body that represents the leaders of the member states . Still , two candidates -- Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski and his Swedish counterpart Carl Bildt , both of whom have many years of foreign policy experience -- are already warming up for the race . The two politicians are known to have no shortage of self-confidence and , unlike Ashton , are unlikely to be content with simply compiling the opinions of the member states ' foreign ministers .
Even Ashton has come to concede her weaknesses . At a recent conference of the German Marshall Fun in Brussels , the top diplomat said she had laid the foundations for the EEAS , but it was time for someone else to take over . `` There are people who can do things with this that probably I could n't do , so it 'll be good to hand it over , '' she explained .
Just days after Sean Spicer said that Kellyanne Conway was `` counseled '' for pitching Ivanka Trump 's clothing on national TV , moments ago the director of the Office of Government Ethics ( OGE ) said White House counselor Kellyanne Conway misused her official position by hawking the product line of Trump 's daughter in front of the nation , saying she may have committed a `` clear violation '' of ethics rules , and recommended that the White House punish her .
“ Under the present circumstances , there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct Act and that disciplinary action is warranted , ” Walter Schaub wrote in a Tuesday letter to White House legal counselor Stefan Passantino .
Schaub asked the White House to respond by Feb. 28 with the results of its investigation and any disciplinary action it may decide to take .
“ I recommend the White House investigate Ms. Conway 's actions and consider taking disciplinary action against her , ” he wrote .
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz ( R-Utah ) had asked the OGE for guidance on how to respond to Conway 's remarks , which he described as “ over the line ” and “ unacceptable. ” It is unclear if he will disagree with the content of the letter .
Previously Conway said that Trump stands behind her “ 100 percent ” , although at the rate Trump is going , she may be the second person in the Administration to hear Trump 's most famous catchphrase .
The full letter is below .
A lawyer of one of the complainants against Senator Leila De Lima told the senator to stop acting like a “ spoiled brat ” and instead follow the rule of law .
Atty . Ferdinand Topacio , general counsel of the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption ( VACC ) , on Friday said , “ Sen . De Lima is acting like a spoiled brat . She wants the court to violate the Rules of Court to accommodate her . That is so ‘ assuming , ' to use a colloquialism . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ De Lima must be reminded that she is now under a judicial process where it is the Rules of Court , not her rules that should be followed , ” he added , advising the Senator to just concentrate on her defense in the drug trade case instead of harping on technicalities .
Read : Judge , De Lima lawyer at loggerheads over basis of arrest warrant
He also warned her lawyers not to cast “ aspersions ” to the Muntinlupa Regional Trial Court Branch 204 who ordered her arrest .
“ There is nothing illegal about the warrant of arrest . It is Sen. Leila de Lima who is illegal . Her lawyers are also doing something illegal when they cast aspersions on the validity of the warrant issued by Judge Juanita Guerrero without any legal grounds . It is called ‘ contempt of court ' and it is punishable by fine or imprisonment . They could also get disbarred , ” Topacio added .
READ : What Went Before : RTC Judge Juanita Guerrero
Topacio explained that there is nothing under Rule 117 of the Rules of Court that mandates that a motion to quash must first be heard before a warrant is issued .
“ Such a motion is directed against the information and may be heard at anytime before arraignment , where an accused pleads ‘ guilty ' or ‘ not guilty ' . On the other hand , Section 5 , Rule 112 of the Rules mandates the trial court to issue a warrant within 10 days from the filing of an information , ” Topacio said . IDL
RELATED VIDEO
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
President Obama , Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Adviser Susan Rice . Days after warning , `` I 've got a pen and ... a phone and if Congress wo n't do its job , I 'll do mine , '' Obama met with his national security team to green-light a new climate change project . `` Call me the Rainmaker , '' he told the group assembled , alluding to the plan 's code name . ( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
Reason for brutal winter in the United States finally explained .
It 's not as if Obama did n't alert us . Remember his 2013 State of the Union address :
`` If Congress wo n't act soon [ on climate change ] to protect future generations , I will . I will direct my Cabinet to come up with executive actions we can take , now and in the future , to reduce pollution , prepare our communities for the consequences of climate change , and speed the transition to more sustainable sources of energy . ''
I interpreted `` executive actions '' to mean promulgating regulations and rules , facilitating state- and community-level programs , and funneling more dollars to renewable energy R & D . It turns out Obama had a far more ambitious plan -- a high-tech geoengineering program that will almost certainly prove to be as controversial as it is ( or was ) secret .
Secret Report Lays Out the Plan
A heavily redacted copy of a classified report titled `` America Cools Down on Climate '' ( ACDC ) and obtained by TheGreenGrok outlines the audacious plan to use commercial air traffic to mitigate the growing impacts of climate change across the United States .
The plan falls under the category of what is known as geoengineering : the attempt by humans to slow , stop , or even reverse global warming by manipulating the environment instead of aiming to slow greenhouse gas emissions themselves .
Geoengineering examples include injecting particles into the stratosphere to reflect sunlight back into space and dumping iron into the ocean to enhance the uptake of atmospheric carbon dioxide by oceanic phytoplankton . The ACDC plan , code-named `` Rainmaker , '' is considered by experts to be groundbreaking not only because it did not require the construction of a vast industrial infrastructure ; it also helped keep flights on time .
Unknown Unknowns Not an Obstacle
For example , injecting iron into the ocean might enhance the growth of phytoplankton , which would `` gobble up carbon dioxide through photosynthesis , '' but such `` fertilization '' would come at the expense of creatures that make their shells out of calcium carbonate , and could potentially slow photosynthesis -- the exact opposite of what the geoengineering scheme had intended to do .
Such propositions , to borrow a phrase from former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , well-known for his green proclivities , swim in the arena of the `` unknown unknowns -- the things we do not know we do n't know . '' Like the precautionary principle , many in the environmental community have taken up the Rumsfeld credo shouting slogans like `` Stop the unknown unknowns '' at rallies and demonstrations .
Knowns or unknowns notwithstanding , Obama apparently chose to throw precaution to the wind , as it were , and go it alone on geoengineering . According to an insider who insisted on anonymity to avoid , as he put it , getting `` Snowdenized , '' the president assembled the Joint Chiefs of Staff together in the War Room last March to set the geoengineering plan in motion .
Drought Crisis Behind 'Rainmaking ' Initiative
According to the ACDC report , the country 's extended drought spurred the president 's action . The salient section reads :
`` The prolonged and severe droughts in the country 's agricultural heartlands are threatening our ability to feed our people and undermining our economy . We must take every step possible to provide greater amounts of fresh water to the Midwest and Southwest through manipulating large-scale circulation patterns such as the jet stream . Put simply , rainmaking or more specifically snowmaking is a must . ''
Tapping the Vortex
The report concludes that the most effective way to put the kibosh on U.S. drought is to increase wintertime snowpack , which would provide a key water source in the spring when crops emerge . The best way to do that : manipulate the jet stream to a more southern trajectory during wintertime to create a polar vortex that would spawn intense snowstorms . The report recognizes that this would mean harsh winter conditions for many parts of the country .
`` Americans will suffer this winter , '' the report predicts , `` but consumers will be thankful next year when the price of a Coke drops thanks to lowered high fructose corn syrup prices spurred by a bumper corn crop . ''
When Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , reportedly asked of the risks of a political backlash , President Obama responded , `` Marty , if we can take down Osama on a wing and a prayer , manipulating the climate is child 's play . ''
U.S. Takes the Geoengineering Jump
After the report was completed in August 2013 , the administration began implementing the plan , a plan , I 'll admit -- though I 'm in no way a fan of geoengineering -- I 'm in awe of because of its simultaneous simplicity and genius not to mention sheer chutzpah . ( If nothing else , the program should silence all Obama 's critics who yammer on about his purported indecisiveness . )
Key to the program were apparently specially designed flexible cords made out of nanofibers ( basically high-tech bungee cords ) and a personnel team from the Navy , Air Force , and U.S . Weather Service . Unwitting participants included : the airline industry and anyone who took a transcontinental flight this winter . NSA expert James Winkywinc explained that the program exemplified the spirit of military/civilian partnership even if the partnership was a secret to the public participants . Through a process that remains top secret , the Navy and Air Force tied one end of the bungee-like cords to commercial jets and the other to the jet stream and then used the jets ' trajectory to pull that baby southward to form the polar vortex .
International Repercussions ?
Among the major risks the president took with ACDC was geopolitical instability . The program was aimed at helping the Untied States deal with climate change without regard for the global community . Among the Joints Chiefs of Staff , there was concern that ACDC could set off a round of national geoengineering projects , triggering the world 's first global war of geoengineering , known among military strategists as WW1-G .
But so far things on the international front seem to be going Obama 's way . Several European countries , according to a source familiar with the program , upon learning of the U.S. plan cried foul . But their initial outrage was tempered by the results they saw in early December . Instead of a deep freeze , the warmer temperatures much of Europe saw was a pleasing turn after a summer battered by storms and flooding . The weather-related economic boon , seen in England 's lower natural gas prices and Germany 's increased construction , was also welcome . German Chancellor Angela Merkel was overheard saying , `` Make no mistake , Obama overstepped again , but it turned out all right for us , so why complain ? ''
More to Come
With the unqualified success of ACDC , there are rumors of a summertime geoengineering exercise : Phenological Revamping and other Natural Keys , or PRANK for short . We will be writing more about that one on April 1 , 2015 .
Welcome to this comparison of Harry Potter in Chinese , Japanese , and Vietnamese ( CJV ) translation , plus an increasing amount of information about the Mongolian translations . The site looks at the way chapter titles , fictitious book titles , and proper names have been translated , passages of verse and prose , and even a few bloopers by the translators . It may not be quite 'magic ' , but comparing how Harry Potter has been treated in the CJV languages and Mongolian is fascinating enough . This is becoming a rather large site . Click on the coloured table below for quick access to any part of the site .
For the academically inclined , this section can be regarded as an informal type of Descriptive Translation Studies .
Start here to find about Harry Potter , Undesirable no . 1 ( 头号不良分子 , 頭號不受歡迎人物 , 問題分子ナンバーワン , Kẻ Phá Rối số 1 ) ...
Log of Updates
« Appeals Court : Cheating Tom Brady Must Stop Cheating the NFL and Serve His Four-Game Suspension for All His Cheating | Main | Cruz , Kasich `` Team Up '' to Block Trump from Getting to 1,237 » So On Game of Thrones Female Characters Poisoned a Child , Butchered a Teenager , and Stabbed an Unarmed Man , and the Social Left Applauds : It Was `` Empowering '' Ah , I 'm over Game of Thrones . I barely watched it last night . In what appears to be a big departure from the book , a character was killed . This character had been one of the only interesting parts of the dreadful , dreary , interminably long sequences away from the real characters , as it kept being hinted that his passivity and weakness were all a big ruse ( as Archer would say ) , and that he was in fact planning something very strong , very tough ( as Donald Trump would say ) . I have to imagine that George R. R. Martin did n't put us through 400 pages of boring crap with this guy as the only point of minor interest just to kill him . Anyway , the show was boring . It 's been boring for a while . I do n't know the show will bother with the R+L=J reveal , or if it 's been agreed that the show will depart far from the books , so that Martin is left his own story to tell ( when he eventually completes the series , which I doubt he ever will ) . The R+L=J thing is the only thing I was interested in for years , and now I 'm not even all that interested in that . Anyway , on to today 's stupid justice warrioring . Female characters poisoned a 12 or 14 year old girl , stuck a spear through a teenaged boy 's head when he was n't looking , and then brutally stabbed an unarmed man ( as well as sneak-stabbed an armed man who was caught by surprise by the murder ) . `` Empowering ! '' declares this stupid Women Can Do No Wrong As Long As They Do For Themselves site . I 'm censoring a bit of this to not be more spoilery than I need to be . [ Female Character ] Takes Over [ High Position ] On 'Game Of Thrones ' & It 's An Empowering Move KELLY SCHREMPH
Say what you will about how cruelly this series can treat their female characters , but during Sunday night 's Season 6 premiere , [ Female Child Murderer ] took a powerful stand on Game of Thrones . Tired of watching in the shadows as the men all around her use their power in terrible ways , [ Female Child Murderer ] decided to take over [ High Position ] for herself ... And , while the act itself was both shocking and impressive , her speech was what proved that her leadership could make for a nice change .
While under a man 's rule , women have been abused and raped by men without retribution . But , all of that is about to change now that she 's in charge . `` Your [ close relation ] is weak just like you , and weak men will never rule [ Place ] again , '' she said as she killed him . [ Multiple Child Murderess ] proved to us last season that she was a force to be reckoned with when she made the bold move of killing [ a child ] . It was a female child , by the way . I wonder if that made it less empowering , or more empowering . I wonder if the female child was herself empowered by being thought of as important enough to murder . That was done when she had very little power , so imagine what she will be capable of now ...
On the whole , this is a very amazing twist for her character 's storyline . Female leaders are kind of awesome . ( Looking at you , Dany ! ) And I am certainly all about female empowerment on this show ...
By the way , all of the murdered characters were morally good . The child was praised as the best child someone had ever known , the teenaged boy was not shown doing anything untoward , and the adult man 's sin was being too interested in peace and reconciliation . But , empowering to murder them all anyway ! Years back , the Onion wrote a parody : Women Now Empowered By Everything a Woman Does . Apparently murder -- including multiple child murders -- now joins that list of empowering things an empowered woman may empower herself by . It occurs to me that this plot twist , which as I 've said I doubt is part of Martin 's actual storyline , may have added specifically to appease the Social Justice Warriors , Maenad Auxilliaries , who 've complained that women were abused on the show . ( Not seeming to notice that Reek has been tortured for years and had his penis cut off , or that every male Stark has been murdered . ) This might have been done specifically to shut the Maenads up and make them feel `` empowered '' by `` empowered '' fictitious characters murdering people in an `` empowering '' fashion . If so , mission accomplished ! The brain-dead , bubblegum-headed amoral savages of the social left approve ! Update : It 's not a new trope , of course : SJWs are uncreative people , endlessly derivative , who merely re-write what has gone before thousands of times . Via Twitter , @ aposticmark informs me that Shakespearean murderess Lady Macbeth has been declared to be quite empowered herself . But Women Are Empowered by Everything , Do n't You See ? 47 I 'm so old I remember when women were supposedly superior because they were n't usually mass murderers , etc . Posted by : Unfettered Power When women do n't murder , they are empowered ; when they murder , they are super-empowered . Every day is a festivus of empowerment ! Question : Ramsay Snow murders a lot of people , and tortures them , and rapes them . Is he also empowered ? Or is it only women who are empowered by cruel behavior ? Would he be empowered , if not for the rape ? Would he be empowered if he raped , but raped men instead ? Questions , questions ! Why Is This Dark `` Empowering '' Murder Fantasy Okay for Women , But Not Okay for Dudes in Video Games ? That 's my own question , but Alec Leamas makes a similar point : I ca n't imagine too many men admitting to the surge of power for manliness felt by the caprice and cruelty of Joffrey or Ramsay Bolton . I suppose feminism really is a dark expression of Oedipal revenge fantasies and the weakling 's desire to wield power for its own sake and for self-aggrandizement . I 'm just wondering about the confused psyche that praises fantasized wanton cruelty and killing as essential to the cause of being a woman while needing safe spaces and protection from college boys after two glasses of Chardonnay in the other world that does n't have dragons .
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 02:26 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
I am a lucky person . Who gets to be an artist , an aspiring griot , reporter ? Who gets to stay at home in paint-smeared pajamas , draw pictures of teapots and barn owls . . . and , on top of everything , gets paid to listen to music made by Henryk Szeryng , Eugene Hütz , and Winston Reedy ?
I have groovy friends , too : other eccentric artists , scruffy musicians , recording and mastering engineers , beekeepers , authors and editors , art and junk collectors , tube wizards , turntable savants , DJs , Mensa-type amp designers , bat-shit-crazy poet-philosophers , and unrepentant hoarders .
But none of these extraordinary beings exceeds my old friend David Chesky ( of Chesky Records and HDtracks ) in natural energy , lovable humility , and flat-out creative force . David is a high-talent pianist who composes classical , jazz , and avant-garde music in abundance . I could go on forever extolling his virtues ( loving father , never needs fashion tips , etc . ) , but most important , David is a master record producer who has taught me a lot about what to listen for in recorded music .
Lately , I 've been attending a lot of Chesky recording sessions , and when I 'm not sitting behind the binaural microphone head , I 'm sitting at a work table on which are a half dozen high-quality headphones , all plugged into the same live microphone feed . I can switch from one headphone brand or model to another and compare them to what I 've just heard in the nave of a former churchnow the Hirsch Center , in Greenpoint , Brooklynwhere David makes binaural recordings for his label , Chesky Records . Not long afterward , I get to sit at home ( in my pajamas ) with almost the same half-dozen or so high-quality headphones and listen to the completely uncompressed , high-resolution recording of what I experienced in the Hirsch .
During most of last year , I enjoyed these recordings via the Simaudio Moon Neo 230HAD headphone amp/DAC/line-level preamplifier ( $ 1499 ) .
The most obvious lesson I learned from all this privileged listening was : Every combination of headphone and headphone amplifier sounds unsubtly different . Not so much better or worseor , as you might imagine , more or less accuratejust different .
Between takes
I have also discovered that my summary judgments are frequently incorrect . As soon as I think , from my seat by the dummy head , Ah-ha , this headphone sounds the most accurate , the least colored , the most like what I heard , some lowly headphone I 'd previously judged as unexceptional sounds so completely lifelike that it startles me , making me think , for a prolonged moment , Someone from the band is actually standing close to me , speaking directly to me ! Startled , I open my eyes and look up , only to realize thatjust for that momentmy head had become the dummy head .
This is heart-pounding audio verity .
Those of you who believe that audio gear should be valued according to how faithfully it mimics the sound of live acoustic music will find that , despite the skull-wrapping encumbrance , headphoneseven some affordable onescan sound more like live than box speakers at ten times the price . This effect of uncanny realness , along with the extreme intimacy factor , define a new and fast-mutating audio phenomenon that my friend Steve Guttenberg , aka the Audiophiliac on CNET.com , calls `` the headspace experience . ''
Description
The Simaudio Moon Neo 230HAD is a fusion productone of today 's many cost-effective , space-saving mashups of DACs , line stages , headphone amplifiers , and sometimes even speaker amplifiers . These mashups do n't fit the traditional categories of receiver , integrated amplifier , or separates . For example , should we call the 230HAD a headphone amp ? Maybe . . . but right now I 'm using it as a line-level preamp driving a First Watt J2 ( by Nelson Pass ) stereo amplifier ( review to come ) and Zu Audio 's floorstanding Soul Supreme speakers . A Parasound Halo JC 3+ phono stage is connected to the 230HAD 's analog input . My Integra CD player is connected to the 230HAD 's asynchronous DACwhich has four choices of digital inputs : two S/PDIF , one TosLink , one USB . The Simaudio supports PCM signals of resolutions up to 24-bit/192kHz via all four inputs , and DSD64 , DSD128 , DSD256 , and 32/384 PCM on its USB input . The Neo 230HAD has a fixed output , so it can be used as a standalone DAC . Or if I run a separate DAC through its analog input and its variable output , the 230HAD can be used as a standalone headphone amp . It comes with a plastic remote control , which I used while it was installed in my floorstanding ( as opposed to desktop or portable ) system .
Because of its versatility and perfect size ( 7 '' wide by 3 '' high by 11 '' deep ) , I 've kept the narrow-faced Neo 230HAD within arm 's reach on a shelf in front of me , where it serves as the control center of my desktop system . On its front panel are a single-ended 3.5mm input jack , intended for a portable music player or suchlike , and a ¼ '' TRS ( tip-ring-sleeve ) headphone-output jack . To their right is an Input selector button . At left top are two columns of red LEDs telling me which input I 've selected and what sample rate is being serviced . Below the central Moon logo are a Standby button and corresponding indicator LED . A large volume-control knob occupies the right third of the front panel .
Listening to the Moon Neo 230HAD as line stage
I began my listening using the Moon Neo 230HAD as a line stage driven by my reference phono stage , Parasound 's Halo JC3+ ( $ 2999 ) . This setup gave me clear impressions of the 230HAD 's basic audio character , which , like those of all other Simaudio Moon products I 've auditioned , was mostly Apollonian : fast , clean , and super-articulate . The 230HAD 's ostensibly yang line amp mated extremely well with the JC 3+ , which is similarly articulate , but a little darker and more yin . But could the 230HAD step out of its orderly audiophile sophistication and twerk a groove ? I was hoping so . What I did not yet comprehend about this Moon product was how well it could play songs .
As you may already know , old Jamaican records have a lot of dirt in their grooveswhich is exactly why I like them . Best of all , the more resolving my system becomes , the more I can actually feel this dirt , taste it , see how black it is . I 'm referring to black Caribbean groove dirt that goes all the way back to West Africa , Asia , and even further , to the Kalina and Arawak peoples . It speaks Patwa and pays allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II . It drinks rum and Red Stripe and dances late into the night . This dirt makes me ever so happy I and I be alive .
Rudie Blues : `` Love ! What . . . a . . . fee-ling . . . have you ever been in love ? '' Have you ever heard British reggae artist Winston Reedy sing `` What a Feeling '' ( 12 '' single , Cousins P037 ) ? The Moon Neo 230HAD , with the First Watt J2 and the Zu Soul Supremes , dug all the dirt out of this record 's grooves , adding only a spoonful or two of upper-latitude chill to Reedy 's romantic Caribbean warmth . Rhythms felt spot on and fully tangible . Snare-drum whacks and reverberant synth decays begged to be savored . Instruments were separated in a natural fashion . Tiny electric-piano flourishes sparkled for my attention . Electric-bass progressions stirred desire in my loins . `` This is this the last train going to Mt . Zion . . . you need no ticket ! '' The riddim capabilities of the Simaudio line stage were so true to Reedy 's music that I could smell the jerk spice and taste the rum smoothies .
Listening with headphones : Audeze LCD-X
Say the words exquisite violin . Say poetic master . Then say the name Henryk Szeryng as you imagine looking down and noticing that your feet are floating a foot above the floor . That 's the kind of artist Szeryng ( 19181988 ) was , and that 's what happens when you hear him play his 1967 recording of J.S . Bach 's Violin Sonata 1 in g. I did n't really grasp levitation until I experienced his well-drawn and passionate performances of Bach 's Sonatas and Partitas ( 2 CDs , Mythos MPCD60 ) . This good-sounding Mythos recording is a needle drop with a bit of crackling groove noise at the beginning and end of each movement , which I likedbut more than a few times , it made me get up to raise the tonearm .
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United supporters who travel to Liverpool for next week 's Europa League tie will receive a white Adidas away shirt in an effort to 'generate the best atmosphere possible ' .
The 2,685 United fans who make the trip down the East Lancs Road to Anfield have been implored to create a 'Wall of White ' in a cringing email sent to those successful in the ballot for the European tie .
The email reads : `` In order to help generate the best possible atmosphere at Anfield next week , the club is delighted to give you ( and all-season ticket holders travelling to Liverpool ) a complimentary white away shirt .
`` We would like you to wear it at the match to help create a 'Wall of White ' as the team walks out . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 'Red Army ' is renowned for its lack of club colours on show at away games , while the hooligan firm is known as the 'Men In Black ' .
United 's away support is arguably the best in Britain and received particular praise for the din they generated at Anfield in January 's 1-0 win .
Several awaydayers have already shown their dismay at the club 's gesture , sponsored by one of their global partners .
Many who are eligible to receive a replica have already vowed they will be passing it on to charity or a family member .
Sometimes success requires changes . After Team Empire has missed Kiev Major and failed to qualify for several LAN-finals , the management has decided to change the roster . Today we part ways with Rinat KingR Abdullin .
Rinat spent more than a year in our team . During that period Team Empire took part in Manila Major and Dota 2 Asia Championships 2017 and achieved decent results .
KingR will be replaced by Vladimir RodjER Nikogosyan , ex-Effect player , who is also known for his performance for Flipsid3 Tactics . We are happy to welcome our new support player and wish all the luck to Rinat in his future endeavors .
Esports director of Team Empire , Alexandr StrangeR Solomonov , spoke on the matter :
« I would like to thank Rinat for all the time he spent with us . He is a great person and very nice teammate and his stolen blackholes will be remembered . However we needed changes . We do n't make somebody a scapegoat for our recent failures . Players understand their mistakes and are ready to work on them . During this week since we kicked everybody out of roster players have made important decisions and conclusions so that will help us in the future .
We chose RodjER as the fifth player . Considering that RodjER had contract with Effect and KingR had contract with Team Empire , both organisations agreed to exchange players . I thank Effect for professionalism and wish Rinat success and improvement
Team Empire will take part in Summit 7 qualifier and Russian Cup finals . I want to ask our fans for support . Please , remember : our most important games of the season are still ahead. » .
Manager of Dota 2 squad , Dmitriy Korb3n Belov has released his comment :
« Rinat is the nicest guy on Earth but unfortunately sometimes it is not enough . Thank you for everything , King ! » .
These black holes by KingR at ESL Manila will be remembered !
Thus Team Empire.Dota 2 squad consists of :
Defined as “ the science and engineering of making intelligent machines , especially intelligent computer programmes '' by the late John McCarthy—one of the founding fathers of the discipline—Artificial Intelligence , or AI , has subtly made inroads into the daily lives of Indian citizens in the form of app-based cab aggregators and digital assistants on smartphones .
However , public policy in India has not been able to take much advantage of AI applications , suggests a report published jointly by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ( Assocham ) and consulting firm PwC . The report titled Artificial Intelligence and Robotics–2017 believes that national initiatives like Make in India , Skill India and Digital India could immensely benefit from AI technologies .
Alternatively , early public sector interest in AI could trigger a spurt of activity in the AI field in India .
AI , for instance , can be applied to Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's initiatives such as the Digital India initiative , Skill India and Make in India ; in large-scale public endeavours ranging from crop insurance schemes , tax fraud detection , and detecting subsidy leakage , and to helping hone the country 's defence strategy .
AI , the report states , can also be consumed in traditional industries like agriculture . The department of agriculture cooperation and farmers welfare , ministry of agriculture runs the Kisan Call Centres across the country to respond to issues raised by farmers instantly and in their local language .
An AI system could help in assisting the call centre by linking available information . It could pick up soil reports from government agencies and link them to the environmental conditions prevalent over the years using data from a remote sensing satellite . The call centre could , then , provide advice on the optimal crop that can be sown in that land pocket . This information could also be used to determine the crop 's susceptibility to pests .
Necessary pre-emptive measures can then be taken—for instance , supplying the required pesticides to that land pocket as well as notifying farmers about the risk .
With a high level of connectivity , this is a feasible and ready to deploy solution which uses AI as an augmentation to the system .
An enabling infrastructure
Compared to the West and front runners of AI adoption in Asia , such as China and South Korea , the culture and infrastructure needed to develop a base for the adoption of AI in mainstream applications in India is in need of an impetus , the report acknowledges .
To begin with , Indian academics , researchers and entrepreneurs face a more acute challenge than companies in terms of the less-than-ideal infrastructure available for an AI revolution in India .
For example , cloud computing infrastructure , which is capable of storing large amounts of data and facilitating the huge amount of computing power essential for AI applications , is largely located on servers abroad . Hence , an AI-supportive cultural environment will require homegrown infrastructure .
India will also require ecosystem-fostering innovation . Fostering a culture of innovation and research beyond the organization is common to global technology giants . To encourage the same level of innovation in AI research efforts in India , initiatives to hold events and build user communities in the field of AI will go a long way , the report notes .
The main dichotomy that the regulations will have to deal with relates to who will be liable for the activities of AI systems . These systems are designed to be creative and to continue learning from the data analysed .
Hence , designers may not be able to understand how the system will work in the future . For instance , while the US is currently in the process of implementing laws concerning driverless vehicles , India still lags behind .
Instead of waiting for technology to reach a level where regulatory intervention becomes necessary , India could be a front runner by establishing a legal infrastructure in advance , the report suggests .
Issues of scale
Deep Learning , a part of AI , can be employed to tackle issues of scale often prevalent in the execution of government schemes , the PwC-Assocham report notes .
It is essentially a process that can be used for pattern recognition , image analysis and natural language processing ( NLP ) by modelling high-level abstractions in data which can then be compared with various other recognized contents in a conceptual way rather than using just a rule-based method .
The report cites the example of the Clean India initiative , directed towards the construction of toilets in rural India .
Public servants are tasked with uploading images of these toilet constructions to a central server for sampling and assessment . Image processing AI , the PwC-Assocham report suggests , can be used to flag photographs that do not resemble completely built toilets .
Image recognition capabilities can also be used to identify whether the same official appears in multiple images or if photos have been uploaded by officials from a location other than the intended site .
Considering the scale of this initiative , which involves creating more functional toilets , being able to check every image rather than a small sample will actually help increase effectiveness .
Ethical , legal and social implications
Last but not the least , to reap the societal benefits of AI systems , we would need to be able to trust them and ensure that they comply with an ethical , moral and social framework analogous to that for humans , notes the PwC-Assocham report .
It urges that research efforts must be concentrated on implementing regulations in AI system design that are updated on a continual basis to respond appropriately to different application fields and actual situations .
The design philosophy must be such that it ensures security against external attacks , anomalies and cyberattacks , the PwC-Assochamreport insists , adding that policy initiatives should explicitly touch upon building an incubatory environment for AI-based research and training .
A Hercules C-130 military aircraft maneuvres on the runway at Incirlik Air Base , near Adana in southeastern Turkey , on July 28 , 2015 ( AFP Photo/ )
Ankara ( AFP ) - Turkish warplanes on Wednesday pounded targets of PKK rebels in northern Iraq in a new wave of strikes in its campaign against militant groups , as Ankara allowed the United States to use one of its bases to carry out air raids on jihadists .
Turkey is simultaneously fighting Islamic State ( IS ) jihadists in Syria and Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) militants in Iraq , in an `` anti-terror '' operation that began last week after a string of deadly attacks in the country blamed on the two starkly opposed groups .
With the controversial campaign inflaming tensions in Turkey after June 7 legislative elections failed to produce a conclusive result , parliament held an emergency session to discuss the operations .
The strikes were initially aimed at IS jihadists but the focus rapidly switched to include bombing of camps of PKK militants at their stronghold in the mountains of northern Iraq .
`` Air operations were conducted throughout the night 28-29 July against the PKK terrorist group inside Turkey and outside , '' said the prime minister 's office in a statement , listing six PKK locations in northern Iraq hit by the warplanes .
`` The Turkish Republic will continue its rightful fight on legitimate grounds within the framework of national and international law , without succumbing to the threats of terrorist organisations , '' the statement added .
Massud Barzani , the president of Kurdish-ruled northern Iraq , has expressed disquiet to Ankara over the air raids .
Turkish foreign ministry undersecretary Feridun Sinirlioglu was Wednesday in Arbil for meetings with Iraqi Kurdish leaders , a foreign ministry official said , in a clear bid to calm tensions .
- 'Last chance ' -
The pro-Kurdish opposition has furiously accused President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of ordering the air strikes as revenge for its strong performance in June 7 general elections which cost the ruling party its overall majority .
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc told the parliament 's session that this was now the `` last chance '' for a peace process with the Kurdish militants .
`` The peace process has been continuously used and abused by some sides , '' Arinc said .
The PKK has waged an insurgency for self rule and greater rights in Turkey 's southeast since 1984 that has claimed tens of thousands of lives .
The parties appeared to be inching towards a final peace deal after a ceasefire was agreed in 2013 . But the current fighting has left the prospects of a settlement as far off as ever .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had said Tuesday before leaving on a trip to China that it was `` not possible '' to carry on with a peace process in the face of the current attacks by the PKK .
But the pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) , which won 13 percent of the vote in the June 7 elections , hit back that Erdoğan simply wanted to trigger snap elections and score a political revenge over the party .
`` Parliament could stop this war in 48 hours if it wanted , '' HDP lawmaker Osman Baydemir told the parliament .
- 'Incirlik green light ' -
Reports of Turkish raids against IS have been less frequent than the repeated bombing of PKK targets , but Turkey said Wednesday the cabinet had given the green light for the US to use a key air base for attacks against the jihadists .
The United States has long pushed for the use of the Incirlik base due to its location relatively close to Syria just outside the Turkish city of Adana but Turkey had hesitated for months .
`` The cabinet has signed the decree , '' a foreign ministry official told AFP , without specifying when the authorisation was given . `` The ( Incirlik ) air base can be used ( by the US against IS ) anytime . ''
The crisis erupted on July 20 when 32 people were killed in a suicide bombing blamed on IS jihadists in a town close to the Syrian border .
Kurdish militants , who accuse Ankara of collaborating with IS , responded by murdering two Turkish police in their sleep and launching a string of deadly attacks against the country 's security forces in the mainly Kurdish southeast .
In the latest unrest in the southeastern province of Mardin , police and protesters clashed around the town of Nusaybin on the Syrian border when PKK supporters blocked a road and threw Molotov cocktails at the security forces , Turkish media reports said .
In the Agri region in eastern Turkey , one soldier was killed and two wounded in a rocket attack blamed on the PKK on their armoured vehicle , the Anatolia news agency reported .
Meanwhile , Turkish police are pressing on with nationwide raids against suspected IS , PKK and Marxist militants across the country , with at least 1,302 people arrested so far , according to the prime minister 's office .
Arinc revealed to parliament that the vast majority of those arrested had so far been PKK suspects , with 847 people detained over links to the group and 137 detained over links to IS .
They brought the world the bullet train . Now engineers in Japan have broken the world train speed record for the second time in a week - topping 603kph .
Central Japan Railway has been testing its advanced superconducting Maglev train at Yamanashi west of Tokyo .
After decades of research and development officials are confident their technology will shape a new generation of trains .
`` This train is set up the same way we will use it commercially , '' said Yasukazu Endo from Central Japan Railway .
`` We have seen the comfort of passengers at this high speed has improved . I think such test results should lead to a stable commercial use in the future . ''
The test is part of an ambitious plan to build a $ 47bn high-speed line between Tokyo and Nagoya . If completed as planned in 2027 , the 280km could be travelled in around 40 minutes . Much of the route will be through underground tunnels .
`` When they are going fast , over 500kph , they do make a lot of noise , '' said Christopher Hood , a writer on Japan 's high-speed trains .
`` By having them deep underground - at least 40 metres - it 's thought they are out of the way .
`` And you do n't have to worry about trying to navigate around corners because you can effectively draw at track point to point and you can almost have an exact straight line . ''
The train 's magnetic levitation , or maglev technology , is based on simple physics - how opposite magnetic poles attract and like poles repel each other .
By chilling down powerful electromagnets engineers are able to lift the train about 10 centimetres off the ground .
Then another set of electromagnets is used to push it along . Because it is riding on a cushion of air there is little friction , making it a smooth ride and potentially very fast .
Overseas customers
Japan is hoping to sell its high-speed train technology to the US .
Last April , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took a ride on the maglev train with US Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy .
Central Japan Railway is hoping its maglev technology will be used on a planned high-speed line between Washington and New York . Its push to find overseas customers is an attempt to recover some of its research and development costs .
`` China is now becoming a big player and is looking to export the technology , '' said Hood . `` Much of which it has imported from Japan and Germany .
`` Although the Germans have a [ maglev ] system it 's starting to look as if the Japanese may be slightly in the lead in their technology and their technology might be superior . ''
Critics of the Japanese maglev system say the technology is too expensive , power-intensive and potentially unsafe .
They say an event like an earthquake could knock the train off its line and at such high speeds it would have a devastating effect .
Japanese engineers say their early warning system can deal with this and that continuing tests will prove the safety and efficiency of this new technology .
Players with little or no ODI experience who have been picked by Full Member countries for their 2015 World Cup squads
Come the World Cup , will the cricket world be saluting Sheldon Cottrell ? © WICB
Sheldon Cottrell
West Indies , fast bowler
ODIs : 0 *
West Indies have left some high-profile names out of their World Cup squad , named a young captain , and brought in a couple of players who had not played a single ODI at the time of selection . One of them is Cottrell . Pacy and aggressive , if he gets into the playing XI , Cottrell will be hoping to get off to a better start in one-day international cricket than he did in Tests ; he has played two Tests , both of which West Indies lost by an innings , in which he picked up two wickets at 98 . His T20 credentials are stronger , though - he averages 22.87 in the six games he has got for West Indies . Oh , and watch out for the salutes the military man produces to celebrate his successes .
Jonathan Carter 's two List A hundred till date have come at rapid rates © BCCI
Jonathan Carter
West Indies , batsman
ODIs : 0
Carter is the other newcomer to the West Indies squad . Unlike Cottrell , he was picked in West Indies ' World Cup 15 without having played a single international game at the time . A regular in the A team of late , Carter got his maiden call-up to the one-day side for West Indies ' ongoing series in South Africa . He came with a List A average of 32.85 in 42 games , and two brisk hundreds : 133 off 132 balls for West Indies A against India A in September 2013 , and 109 off 111 balls for Barbados against Trinidad & Tobago in February 2014 .
Yasir Shah 's sole ODI appearance so far came 40 months ago © AFP
Yasir Shah
Pakistan , legspinner
ODIs : 1
Twenty-eight-year-old Shah debuted in first-class cricket at 16 . Nine years later he played his first international , an ODI against Zimbabwe . Three and a half years after that , he was picked in Pakistan 's World Cup squad , before he had turned out a second time in 50-overs cricket . His ability to outsmart international batsmen can not be questioned , given his 12 wickets at 17.25 against Australia in the UAE in late 2014 . Pakistan will be hoping for more of the same , especially given Saeed Ajmal and Mohammad Hafeez 's bowling suspensions .
Bangladesh will be hoping Taijul Islam 's ability to start with a bang extends to his first World Cup © AFP
Taijul Islam
Bangladesh , left-arm spinner
ODIs : 1
Taijul was only one ODI old at the time of his World Cup selection , but what a memorable ODI that was for Bangladesh . He snipped Zimbabwe 's tail with three wickets in three balls to ensure they were routed for 128 , and Bangladesh completed a 5-0 series sweep . That was the very first hat-trick by an ODI debutant . Taijul , it seemed , was making a habit of setting records early in his career : just a month earlier he had taken 8 for 38 in only his third Test , against Zimbabwe , to register the best Test innings figures ever for Bangladesh . What will he do at his first World Cup ?
If 21-year-old Soumya Sarkar gets a game at the World Cup , Bangladesh will be expecting him to pitch in with both bat and ball © ICC/Getty
Soumya Sarkar
Bangladesh , allrounder
ODIs : 1
Sarkar will be Bangladesh 's other greenhorn at the World Cup . He too was picked with just one ODI to his name , and he will have the added pressure of having to fill a dual role if called upon in the playing XI - he is one in a rare breed of Bangladesh allrounder who bowls medium pace instead of spin , which might bump him into the XI despite his inexperience in Australian and New Zealand conditions .
Honourable mention : Ireland fast bowler Peter Chase was the only other player picked for the World Cup without having as yet debuted in ODIs .
* The numbers are based on the players ' stats at the time of team selection .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
India is known for becoming a sweltering furnace in May , but last month was exceptionally brutal , with temperatures hovering 10 degrees Fahrenheit above normal for nearly two weeks . By June 4th , the heat wave had claimed over 2,500 lives , making it the fifth deadliest in recorded history .
Advertisement
Roads melted in New Delhi as temperatures hit 113 degrees Fahrenheit and stayed there for days on end . Other parts of the country were nearly seven degrees hotter . Even in the mountain town of Mussoorie over 2,000 meters above sea level , residents felt the temperature climb to an unprecedented 97 degrees .
It 's difficult to imagine this sort of heat without experiencing it firsthand , but the false color map shown above is one lens that Earth scientists can use to see how badly India cooked last month . The colors represent outgoing longwave radiation—the amount of heat pouring off the Earth and into space—as measured by the Clouds and Earth 's Radiant Energy System ( CERES ) sensor on NASA 's Terra satellite between May 15th and May 27th . Lighter colors indicate greater amounts of heat loss , corresponding with warmer surface temperatures . As we can see , the heat wave was n't limited to India , but rather , stretched across Pakistan and much of the Middle East .
But for a number of reasons , India tends to suffer more than neighboring countries during these spates of hot weather . In part , this has to do with the high relative humidity that typically accompanies the heat . We rely on sweat to cool ourselves , but if the air itself is too wet , our bodies ca n't evaporatively cool efficiently . The sudden onset of the recent heat wave probably contributed to the death toll , as well—heat acclimation is a gradual process that occurs over weeks of exposure to progressively higher temperatures .
Advertisement
There 's also the fact that large swaths of the country are still very underdeveloped . A quarter of India 's 1.25 billion-strong population lacks electricity , and many Indians do n't have access to running water . Air conditioning is growing in India , but ironically , AC use is boosting the country 's climate-warming greenhouse gas emissions . And ( surprise ! ) scientists expect these sorts of abnormal heat waves to become less and less unusual as our planet continues to warm .
At least for the moment , the worst of the heat wave seems to have past . But as Indians cross their fingers and hope for strong monsoon rains this year , the future is looking hotter and hotter .
[ NASA Earth Observatory | Slate | The Conversation ]
Top image via NASA Earth Observatory
Follow Maddie on Twitter or contact her at maddie.stone @ gizmodo.com
AMMAN ( Reuters ) - Syrian rebels have seized large areas from Islamic State in southern Syria in the last two weeks as the jihadist group prepares to defend its Raqqa stronghold in the north from a U.S.-backed assault , rebel commanders say .
The advances by Western-backed Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) factions have helped to reduce the risk of Islamic State fighters regrouping in areas near Damascus and the Jordanian border as they face major defeats in Syria and Iraq .
Western intelligence sources have worried for months that militants fleeing from their main urban strongholds of Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in Iraq could find a safe haven in the vast areas of the Syrian Desert bordering Jordan .
The rebels fighting in southern Syria have received military aid funneled via Jordan in a programme overseen by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency .
Their sudden gains are a culmination of months of covert operations in which they have ambushed and cut communications lines to weaken the militants ' stronghold in the southeastern border area close to Iraq , the rebels say .
“ Extensive areas have fallen into our hands . ( Islamic State ) has been pushed out of them in heavy clashes in 16 days of battles , ” said Talas al Salameh , the commander of the Osoud al Sharqiya , the biggest of the FSA groups in the area .
“ ( Islamic State ) had cut roads and were in control and had been positioned in former Syrian army bases with a strong presence and with heavy armour . We cut links between their areas and as a result they began to retreat , ” al-Salamah said .
In northern Syria , Islamic State has come under growing military pressure in recent months from separate campaigns being waged by the U.S.-backed Arab and Kurdish fighters , by the Russian-backed Syrian army and by Turkey-backed FSA groups .
The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State is backing an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters - the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) - in the campaign to isolate and capture Raqqa city on the other side of the country .
TROOP MOVEMENTS
Salamah said Islamic State had pulled hundreds of fighters from the areas where his group , working with four others , had made its advances , suggesting they had been redeployed to help defend Raqqa and Deir al-Zor province to the east .
The advances have taken place in a swathe of sparsely populated territory stretching from the town of Bir Qassab , some 50 km ( 30 miles ) southeast of Damascus , all the way to the borders with Iraq and Jordan , a desert area known as the Badia .
“ In the event of the fall of Raqqa and Mosul , where would they go ? They would be coming here . So we decided to work and kick them out of this area before they would come to us , ” Salameh told Reuters in a phone interview .
The rebels have also seized control of the eastern slopes of the Qalamoun mountains to the northwest of Bir Qassab , where Islamic State 's presence had disappeared as it moved its forces further north , he said .
The rebels say their campaign in the area had been gradually escalated over the last five months .
Said Seif , an official in another FSA faction , the Shahid Ahmad al-Abdo group , said 250 square km ( 96 square miles ) had been captured in the Badia alone .
Salameh said at least 117 of his fighters had been killed in ferocious fighting over the last few months in what he said were relentless assaults and ambushes by the militants .
His group first fought Islamic State when it took over parts of Deir al-Zor province at the height of its expansion in 2014 . His fighters regrouped in areas near the Jordanian border , where their base was hit in a Russian air strike last year .
Legitimate downloads of popular software including WhatsApp , Skype and VLC Player are allegedly being hacked at an internet service provider ( ISP ) level to spread an advanced form of surveillance software known as `` FinFisher '' , cybersecurity researchers warn .
FinFisher is sold to global governments and intelligence agencies and can be used to snoop on webcam feeds , keystrokes , microphones and web browsing . Documents , previously published by WikiLeaks , indicate that one tool called `` FinFly ISP '' may be linked to the case .
The digital surveillance tools are peddled by an international firm called Gamma Group and have in the past been sold to repressive regimes including Bahrain , Egypt and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
In March this year , the company attended a security conference sponsored by the UK Home Office .
This week ( 21 September ) , experts from cybersecurity firm Eset claimed that new FinFisher variants had been discovered in seven countries , two of which were being targeted by `` man in the middle '' ( MitM ) attacks at an ISP level – packaging real downloads with spyware .
Companies hit included WhatsApp , Skype , Avast , VLC Player and WinRAR , it said , adding that `` virtually any application could be misused in this way . ''
When a target of surveillance was downloading the software , they would be silently redirected to a version infected with FinFisher , research found .
When downloaded , the software would install as normal – but Eset found it would also be covertly bundled with the surveillance tool .
The stealthy infection process was described as being `` invisible to the naked eye . ''
The seven countries were not named for security reasons , Eset said . WhatsApp and VLC Player did not respond to request for comment by the time of publication .
A Microsoft spokesperson , referencing the Skype infections , told IBTimes UK : `` Windows Defender antivirus cloud protection already automatically identifies and blocks the malware .
`` For non-cloud customers , we 've deployed signatures to protect against this in our free antivirus software , '' the statement added .
An Avast spokesperson said : `` Attackers will always focus on the most prominent targets .
`` Wrapping official installers of legitimate apps with malware is not a new concept and we are n't surprised to see the PC apps mentioned in this report .
`` What 's new is that this seems to be happening at a higher level .
`` We do n't know if the ISPs are in cooperation with the malware distributors or whether the ISPs ' infrastructure has been hijacked . ''
The latest version of FinFisher was spotted with new customised code which kept it from being discovered , what Eset described as `` tactical improvements . '' Some tricks , it added , were aimed at compromising end-to-end ( E2E ) encryption software and known privacy tools .
One such application was Threema , a secure messaging service .
`` The geographical dispersion of Eset 's detections of FinFisher variants suggests the MitM attack is happening at a higher level – an ISP arises as the most probable option , '' the team said .
`` One of the main implications of the discovery is that they decided to use the most effective infection method and that it actually is n't hard to implement from a technical perspective , '' Filip Kafka , a malware researcher at Eset , told IBTimes UK .
`` Since we see have seen more infections than in the past surveillance campaigns , it seems that FinFisher is now more widely utilised in the monitoring of citizens in the affected countries . ''
Breaking encryption has become a major talking point of governments around the world , many of which conduct bulk communications collection . Politicians argue , often without evidence , that software from companies such as WhatsApp has become a burden on terror probes .
One WikiLeaks document on FinFly ISP touted its ability to conduct surveillance at an ISP level .
The software 's brochure boasted : `` FinFly ISP is able to patch files that are downloaded by the target on-the-fly or send fake software updates for popular software . ''
It added that it `` can be installed on an internet service provider 's network '' and listed one use case when it was previously deployed by an unnamed intelligence agency .
Eset found that all affected targets within one of the countries were using the same ISP .
`` Unprecedented ''
`` The deployment of the ISP-level MitM attack technique mentioned in the leaked documents has never been revealed – until now , '' the researchers said in their analysis .
`` If confirmed , these FinFisher campaigns would represent a sophisticated and stealthy surveillance project unprecedented in its combination of methods and reach . ''
It remains unknown who was behind the fresh hacking campaigns , but FinFisher is almost exclusively tailored to government , police or intelligence agency use .
`` We can not say for sure who is behind the campaign but the ISP re-direction could be a service ordered from FinFisher , '' Kafka said .
`` This question should be addressed to FinFisher .
`` We [ have ] very limited information on this , who specifically was targeted , but generally the targets were catered to what FinFisher is generally used for , '' he added .
Gamma Group did not immediately respond to a request for comment from IBTimes UK .
This is not the first time that the company , which has offices in Europe , has been linked to questionable business practices .
In 2013 , tech firm Mozilla sent it a cease and desist letter after its software was caught posing as a version of its Firefox browser .
`` We can not abide a software company using our name to disguise online surveillance tools that can be – and in several cases actually have been – used by Gamma 's customers to violate citizens ' human rights and online privacy , '' it complained in a blog post .
The same year , Reporters without Borders branded Gamma Group as one of the `` Corporate Enemies of the Internet '' in an annual report . The creepy and invasive spyware can also be spread via more traditional means – malicious email attachments , for example .
Back in 2011 , it emerged that Gamma International , a UK subsidiary , was selling a malware Trojan disguised as an update for Apple 's iTunes media player .
Before being patched , the gaping vulnerability had been exploited for approximately three years , found security journalist Brian Krebs at the time .
This article was updated to add comment from a Microsoft spokesperson .
Can you guide your bro through a Metal Slug styled bropocalypse without brosploding ? Broforce asks all the important questions , like can Bronan the Brobarian stand up to a world full of nameless goon armies with a single blade ? Which of the 15+ available bros will deliver the most efficient pastiche of '80s and '90s action cinema ? Is it Rambro or Brobocop ? I 'm partial to John McClane send-up , Bro Hard , but each to their own . You say brotato , I say brotato .
A free `` brototype '' version of this jolly run 'n gun goon-massacre sim is playable in your browser on the Broforce site , which is a good way to find out whether or not you like it enough to pay to get into the beta . Access is available for $ 15 on the Humble Store , and is due to pop up on Steam Early Access next month . A full release is expected in summer according to a message sent over by Free Lives ' new publishing partners , Devolver Digital . There 's a moderately exciting video , too , detailing new characters and upcoming multiplayer modes , which you 'll find right here .
For big or rapidly growing Internet companies , one of the largest pains is scaling their application . We often hear about companies that must re-write their entire architectures from scratch every time traffic grows by 10 times . And then they spend significant engineering resources continuously reworking major parts of their architectures even after those rewrites .
Scale is hard . And it can be costly . And the real cost of running and scaling large Internet applications is n't just in hosting , but in engineering and management .
Think of it this way : humans are more expensive than computers . That 's why Rackspace 's Managed Cloud continues to make economical sense in the age of commoditization of the cloud hosting industry .
But let 's look closer at the engineering expenses . Back when I ran Mailgun , an email infrastructure startup Rackspace acquired , we were one of a few rare startups that ran 100 percent on bare-metal , dedicated infrastructure . Nearly everyone else used public clouds . We 'd talk at “ scaling dinners ” with other YCombinator founders and compare notes on scaling various technologies , obstacles , victories , scars and hosting expenses . I heard about scaling horrors in the cloud ; something we 'd never experienced at Mailgun , despite our traffic being high for a startup our size .
Why did cloud-based startups have such a hard time scaling “ in the cloud ? ” The short answer : multi-tenancy . Multi-tenancy in clouds leads to inconsistency in performance behaviors , a noticeable increase in the complexity of the application and increased engineering spend to address that complexity .
It 's subtler than simply a “ noisy neighbor problem. ” Let me illustrate in a simple example . Suppose that to serve a web request you need to fetch pieces of data from nine compute nodes ( caches , DBs , what have you ) . Note that some calls are synchronous ( like B1 to B2 to B3 ) , but others are executed in parallel ( A to B , C and D ) .
Now , let 's do the math : what is the total time required to service this request ? The answer is simple : 21 milliseconds , which is the slowest of the three asynchronous “ paths ” ( A- > D1- > D2- > D3 ) . One can assume that you grow by adding a number of nodes and continuing these relatively simple calculations .
Instead , here is what happens in public cloud environments :
The networks and physical machines are shared with other companies , and one ca n't rely on consistency of performance in all three dimensions : network , storage and compute .
This means that the response time of each node is not constant , it is a range of values , oftentimes measured experimentally . In other words : you can not know it ahead of time .
, oftentimes measured experimentally . In other words : you can not know it ahead of time . Some of the nodes may become unavailable or , similarly , may not respond within the experimentally determined performance envelope .
The overall response time becomes dependent on the complex probabilistic equations instead of a simple algebraic one as seen above .
So how do Internet companies deal with these issues ?
They over-provision , getting more nodes than they need to raise the probability of a response coming back in a reasonable time .
They increase complexity of the application itself . Requesting , say , 10 nodes and running the benchmark to pick the most consistent node ( and cancelling the other nine ) is a very common technique .
They increase the complexity of the application to deal with nodes that may disappear .
In the end , over-engineering and driving up complexity seems to be the universal answer to pains caused by multi-tenancy .
Over-engineering means spending more money hiring smart engineers to – you guessed it – over-engineer your app .
This is why many companies migrate off of clouds to go back to good old colocation hosting . The scaling curves push them toward making a hard choice : abandon elasticity and start managing their own gear .
Today , Rackspace wants to alleviate these pains . We 're waging war on complexity and want to offer a simpler way to scale . We do this with a new product line called OnMetal .
What Is OnMetal ?
OnMetal servers are single-tenant , bare-metal servers provisioned via the same OpenStack API as our cloud . They can be spun up as quickly as VMs to offer the agility of multi-tenant environments with the performance of single-tenant hardware . OnMetal servers are our own design and are engineered in a highly opinionated way . We 've made them 100 percent solid-state with external cooling , leading to increased mean time between failures ( MTBF ) . They are also incredibly large , so you 'll need fewer of them .
Who Is OnMetal For ?
OnMetal is for large or quickly-growing Internet businesses thinking about moving from colo to cloud , or vice versa .
Why Should You Care ?
OnMetal combines the simplicity of consistent performance and the economy of colocation with the elasticity of the cloud . Running your high-traffic production environment on consistently performing bare-metal machines means less over-engineering , more simplicity and – ultimately – lower costs . Because OnMetal is a part of the Rackspace Managed Cloud portfolio , our customers wo n't spend as much managing their servers . This is our answer to the creeping complexity of scaling .
Let 's Dig Deeper
As you may know , Rackspace is a member of Open Compute Project . This allowed us to leverage hardware that borrows from the wisdom of Internet giants who 've developed server designs optimized for high server count and economy . Open Compute also allowed us to make changes , particularly around reliability and serviceability , of the gear we 're offering .
We 've created opinionated chassis designs . The chassis is all solid-state . We 've removed cooling fans from the boxes and do not use any spinning media . This reduces heat and vibration , and helps increase MTBF .
The configurations are opinionated as well . In order to deliver the economy of colocation that customers require , we had to figure out how to optimize the configuration based on specific workload requirements like “ database transactions per second per dollar ” or “ total RAM per dollar per hour. ” This led to the following configurations :
Note that we went with the fast 10-gigabit network for all instance types , because network performance is becoming increasingly important .
For detailed descriptions of OnMetal servers and exact pricing , we invite you to sign up for a limited availability program to test them out or come and talk to us about your scaling needs . We expect OnMetal servers to be generally available in the Rackspace Northern Virginia data center next month .
Why Bare-Metal ?
We 're not offering these machines as single-tenant VMs for a couple of reasons :
First , several customers expressed concerns with virtualization tax , which becomes more important as the number of servers grows . While hypervisors continue to get better , we routinely meet customers who feel the impact of this tax .
Second , and even more exciting , we see a technology trend in software that renders virtualization less useful . In a single-tenant environment like OnMetal , one does not need to isolate tenants/customers , resulting in the application management and isolation that virtualization brings to the table .
Third , the progress in operating systems has delivered a native capability to isolate apps using containers . Companies like Docker and CoreOS provide tools to run fully isolated applications without relying on virtualization , and we see this as an emerging trend to run at scale : containers on bare-metal .
And , ultimately , OnMetal is all about scale .
Of all the AC adapters stuffed into your personal item when globetrotting , the plug used in Merry Old England must surely be the most cumbersome -- its three copper prongs flung to the extremes of a giant block of plastic . That Victorian holdover gets a major re-do with this UK Folding Plug concept . The two horizontal prongs rotate themselves in-line with the top , vertical one , and the body of the adapter then folds in half , resulting in a thickness of about 1cm . Interestingly the plug would still work in either position , with a slimline power strip envisioned to accept three of these slender lovelies at once . It 's positively brilliant , but is just a concept at this point , and while we do n't have any news to pass along about its likelihood for production , surely some manufacturer will watch the video after the break and start churning these out by the millions . [ Via Pocket-lint
MINNEAPOLIS , July 21 , 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Nature Conservancy has completed its first phase of installation of SheerWind 's INVELOX funnel-based wind power technology . Because Palmyra is home to a national wildlife refuge and more than a million nesting seabirds , conventional wind turbines were not an option due to the risk of bird strikes . What 's more , the low wind speeds on the island would provide little to no energy production with traditional turbines .
Photo - http : //photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150720/238458
Photo - http : //photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150720/238459
The Conservancy turned to the Minnesota firm SheerWind to design the system resembling an hourglass turned on its side . Extending 83 feet horizontally with a big wind scoop at one end , an exhaust on the other , a Venturi section in the middle increases wind speed potentially three to six times . Nets over the intake and enclosed blades keep it bird friendly . The first phase of the installation includes a single turbine inside the Venturi , allowing for two additional to be installed in the near future .
The first phase of the INVELOX project is successfully charging batteries at night and on cloudy days to supplement the photovoltaic system also installed on Palmyra .
`` With a goal to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , SheerWind 's INVELOX was the only viable solution for the multiple restrictions including height , wind speeds , and of course bird populations . This solution works and helped bring the goal to reduce fossil fuel use a reality , '' said The Nature Conservancy 's David Sellers , who is the driving force behind the design solution and details of the INVELOX installation .
Palmyra Atoll is located 1,000 miles south of Hawaii in the vast equatorial Pacific , and hosts spectacular coral reef and tropical island ecosystems , but is a challenge for humans to inhabit . There are no commercial flights to this remote outpost , which is co-owned and managed as a scientific research station and national wildlife refuge by The Nature Conservancy and The U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service . Until the recent installation of wind and solar , Palmyra was run on diesel fuel generators . These installations reduced its dependence on fossil fuels by 95 % .
`` We are grateful for David Sellers and The Nature Conservancy 's commitment to installing the first commercial system in an extremely challenging location . We are pleased we were able to contribute to this important achievement and hope this is an example to be duplicated globally , '' said Dr. Daryoush Allaei , founder and CTO of SheerWind .
SheerWind has developed a new-aged wind power generation system that produces more electrical energy efficiency at roughly 75 percent of the cost of traditional turbines . The technology is safe for humans and wildlife , requires less maintenance than conventional wind systems , and produces more electricity per dollar invested than conventional systems . The funnel-driven system captures the wind and brings it to ground-level turbines and blades for safer , easier and cheaper operation and maintenance .
About SheerWind : Founded in 2010 in Chaska , MN , SheerWind is changing the course of power generation . With its patented INVELOX technology , SheerWind is poised to turn wind power into a major power source for the globe . For more see : SheerWind or SheerWind on Facebook
Contact :
Carla Scholz
952-556-0173
Email
SOURCE SheerWind
Related Links
http : //sheerwind.com
Thirsty ? Feeling a little worn out after a stressful day ? Why not reach for a Red Bull ?
Contrary to popular belief , you have two very distinct options here : you could grab a can of the omnipresent energy drink and get a boost from its potent mix of caffeine and cough-syrupy sweetness .
Or you could reach for a mammoth 40-ouncer of Red Bull beer and drown your sorrows in a tsunami of budget-priced malted amnesia nectar .
Well before Red Bull gave people wings , its hoppy predecessor gave people slurred speech and hangovers .
Red Bull beer is still available in Canada and the United States and , depending on what kind of day you 've had , it might cure what ails you better than any energy drink .
So we 've created this handy comparison guide to help you decide which kind of Red Bull — energy drink or beer — is right for you .
Country of Origin
Energy drink : Austria , via Thailand .
Beer : ‘ Murica .
History
Energy drink : Austrian businessman Dietrich Mateschitz was inspired by a Thai energy drink called Krating Daeng and modified it to suit the tastes of westerners ( more carbonation , a bit less sweetness ) and partnered with Chaleo Yoovidhya to found Red Bull GmbH in Austria in 1987 .
Beer : A few years after 700 workers went on strike at the Milwaukee Schlitz Plant , the beleaguered company was acquired by Stroh Brewery in Detroit . Sometime around there , they started making Red Bull . Hey , why not ?
Sales :
Energy Drink : 4.6 billion cans in 2011 , in 161 countries spanning the globe .
Beer : A tad less than that , in two countries spanning North America .
Taste
Energy drink : Berry Robatussin , sweetened with essence of Mountain Dew and jet fuel . Scrumptious with Jägermeister .
Beer : Not relevant .
When to consume :
Energy drink : When feeling fatigued , unfocused or promoting your upcoming skydive from space .
Beer : Whenever you goddamned feel like it , no matter what the nagging missus says . You could quit any time you wanted — you just choose not to . Everyone should just get off your back about it — are we right or are we right ?
Container
Energy drink : original 8.4 oz . can , larger 12 oz . can , giant can mount on VW Beetle .
Beer : 40 oz . bottle , 24 oz . can and , eventually , a 1.6 gallon toilet bowl .
Active Ingredients :
Energy Drink : caffeine , taurine , glucoronalactone , B-group vitamins , sucrose and glucose .
Beer : Fermented stuff , liquid .
Variations :
Energy drink : Original , Sugarfree , Cola , Total Zero , Red Edition , Blue Edition , Silver Edition , F1 Edition
Beer : Nah .
Supposed benefits
Energy drink : alertness , concentration , reaction time , wingedness .
Beer : belching , comical stumbling , emotional numbness .
Recommended Drinking Vessel
Energy Drink : Straight outta the can , so everyone can see that you 're so productive and ambitious that you 'll fight through the fatigue of your busy , stressful life by guzzling energy drinks .
Beer : Brown paper bag .
Logo
Energy drink : A pair of red bulls ( duh ) charging head-first toward one another in front of a big yellow sun , implying some kind of impending bovine supernova .
Beer : A muscular red bull with flaring nostrils and rippling muscles . Or a beautiful lady in a slinky red dress , depending on how much you 've already had to drink .
Catchy Slogan
Energy drink : Red Bull Gives You Wings
Beer : Red Bull , A Schlitz Malt Liquor Brand
Reviews
Energy drink : “ The brand power that this company has created is amazing… . ( but ) it is truly painful to drink. ” — BevNET.com
Beer : “ This is the stuff domestic violence is made of ; pours a clear pee yellow w/a tinge of kidney-failure orange . If you are looking for a gritty beer that makes you feel like you live in the basement of Tom Waits ' speakeasy , you ca n't go wrong with Red Bull. ” — BeerAdvocate.com
Recommended serving size
Energy drink : No more than two cans a day , give or take , according to the company 's guidelines .
Beer : Enough to forget about her .
Time To Embrace Your Inner Geek
While everyone else was watching the clock , you were paying attention during math class , storing away square roots and factorials for a day where you could prove your mathematical prowess .
Well , my geeky friend , that day has come . Pictured before you is a clock , where all the numerals have been replaced by the equivalent notation ! How will we ever know what time it is unless you solve them all ?
Cheat Sheet ( included with each clock ) :
12 - a radical
1 - Legendre 's constant is a mathematical constant occurring in a formula conjectured by Adrien-Marie Legendre to capture the asymptotic behavior of the prime-counting function . Its value is now known to be exactly 1 .
2 - A joke in the math world : An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar . The first one orders a beer . The second orders half a beer . The third , a quarter of a beer . The bartender says , `` You 're all idiots , '' and pours two beers .
3 - A unicode character XML `` numeric character reference . ''
4 - Modular arithmetic , also known as clock arithmetic , is a system of arithmetic for integers , where numbers `` wrap around '' after they reach a certain value . The modular multiplicative inverse of 2 ( mod 7 ) is the integer /a/ such that 2 * /a/ is congruent to 1 modulo 7 .
5 - The Golden Mean ... reworked a little .
6 - Three factorial ( 3 * 2 * 1=6 )
7 - A repeating decimal that is proven to be exactly equal to 7 with Cauchy 's Convergence Test .
8 - Graphical representation of binary code .
9 - An example of a base-4 number , which uses the digits 0 , 1 , 2 and 3 to represent any real number .
10 - A Binomial Coefficient , also known as the choose function . 5 choose 2 is equal to 5 ! divided by ( 2 ! * ( 5-2 ) ! )
11 A hexadecimal , or base-16 , number .
Made in California .
Exclusively for UncommonGoods
The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said that Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's newly revealed defense spending plan would cost roughly $ 450 billion over the next decade , but his cost offset plans would only cover two-thirds of that sum .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Wednesday , Trump proposed ending defense sequestration caps and increasing the size of every military branch in a plan that borrowed heavily from a Heritage Foundation proposal .
The CRFB report said the GOP nominee “ outlines three major areas where he would generate savings to pay for his offsets — cutting unauthorized appropriations , reducing improper payments and underpaid taxes , and shrinking the federal workforce through attrition — though even generous estimates of these policies suggest they would only save about $ 300 billion over a decade . On net , this defense plan would cost $ 150 billion if additional offsets were not identified . ”
“ Trump also says ‘ we will have at our disposal additional revenues from unleashing American energy , ' however he has previously earmarked this revenue for infrastructure spending , ” the report reads .
Based on his old tax plan , the report adds , Trump is already on course to add $ 11.5 billion to the national debt , and that any deficit increase “ is a move in the wrong direction . ”
“ Ultimately , much more will need to be done to pay for his plan and begin putting the debt on a more sustainable long-term path , ” the report says .
Take up to fifty or sixty highly skilled and driven people . Put them all into a pressure cooker for anywhere from twelve to sometimes eighteen hours a day . Have them do the most ridiculous things , from mugging in front of a camera to waving a smoke machine around a set . Lock them into this situation for anywhere from three to five , or more , months and you 'll have yourself a movie . But you 'll also have a highly dysfunctional , sometimes contentious , but often fiercely loyal family . Now , at the end of this long period , you fire them all and send them on their separate ways . No matter what happens you will rarely , if ever , have the same combination of people together at the same time again . Out of this pressure cooker lifelong friendships are made , as well as lifelong enemies . Babies are born , marriages begin and end . No matter what the outcome , strong ties are made . This is a film crew.I have a day off tomorrow . It was n't planned . I 'm not happy about it , though not for the reasons you might think . My current job was supposed to carry on until just before Christmas . I 've been on this particular show for three months now , and like the story always goes I 've made some good friends , forged some ties . Together , the cast and crew of this production have been frozen , rained on , shot at , blown up , and smoked out . We 've had countless hours of downtime to tell our stories and miss our loved ones and wonder , `` What is the holdup ? '' And I 've enjoyed almost every minute of it . Until now . One of our own , a young man of immense talent , humility , and humor has left us before the last martini shot . Now this pressure cooker I spoke of earlier , it makes you forget the outside world . You forget that in the scheme of things what we are all doing means less than nothing . None of us are heroes . I 'm not saving lives or protecting anyone . The danger that our cast is in and the heroics that they perform are purely manufactured . You get to know people beyond the screen persona that the rest of the world sees . I did n't know Paul Walker well . I had passing words with him for the first month or so of production . In the last month or so , however , our hours and downtime had placed us in the position of having time to talk . He told me about his daughter and how much he missed her . He told me how much his father loved seeing him and his brothers when they visited and how they had in recent years become much closer . I told him about my daughter . And my father . We did n't become friends , but we were acquaintances ... thrown into that pressure cooker we 've both been a part of for upwards of twenty years now . I made him laugh . And he made us all laugh . I do n't know what went wrong with that car on Saturday afternoon that caused it to crash and take the lives of two young men . I do know that I am grateful to have had the small sliver of insight into the life of one of them . The other , I know nothing about . As the media machine does , it has virtually turned him into a shadow , obliterated by the celebrity of his passenger . I 'm sorry for that . It must be incredibly hard on his family to see him become an unnamed footnote in the media gossip machine . I wish things were different . I wish I did n't get that cold stone in my chest every time I think of Paul Walker now . Above all , I wish I did n't have that day off tomorrow.I do n't know what will happen with the job now . Maybe it will go on , maybe it wo n't . This is n't the first time this sort of thing has happened and it wo n't be the last . But for those of us who were in that three month pressure cooker and those who had known Paul much longer and better than I , there is a hole that will not be filled . Thanks for the laughs , buddy . See you down the road.1973-2013
news , local-news , bega court , bega , texting while driving , police , court
A MAN convicted of driving while using a mobile phone claimed he did not own a phone at all as part of his defence . However , halfway during his hearing at Bega Local Court a phone began to ring in his pocket – much to the surprise of the courtroom . On July 29 , 23-year-old Matt Thomas Macadam of Queanbeyan East was found guilty of driving while using a phone and fined $ 1000 . About 4.45pm on March 11 he was driving a blue Ford Falcon along Carp St , Bega , accompanied by his girlfriend in the front passenger seat as well as two males and a child in the back . When Constable Glenn Raymond of Bega Police stopped his car at the Auckland/Carp St traffic lights he said he looked into Macadam 's car and saw the driver of the vehicle using a phone with his left hand , either sending a text or changing music on the device . Macadam was stopped and served a court notice , but pleaded not guilty and represented himself at the Bega Courthouse . While he claimed the phone belonged to his girlfriend , in his sentencing Magistrate Daryl Pearce said it did not matter who owned the phone , just if the driver was using it when at the wheel . The magistrate said at one stage he was of the view the phone was being used by Macadam 's girlfriend and the police officer had mixed up their hands . However , he said that was not the defence of the accused , who claimed his girlfriend had the phone between her legs . “ I find that rather unusual , to have your phone between your legs when you want to change the music , ” Magistrate Pearce said . He said driving while using a phone was a “ prevalent offence ” .
https : //nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/storypad-38KKizhZLpuTDCkJAjRb34b/b61e0dfc-e510-4d70-a6a1-121d7d094db4.jpg/r3_1_1198_676_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
'No phone ' defence rings false when mobile chimes in court facebook SHARE
Twitter TWEET
email
whatsapp
Story highlights Green Party likely nominee Dr. Jill Stein told CNN that there is room in her party for disappointed Bernie Sanders fans
Stein said she viewed Sanders as a kindred revolutionary
( CNN ) As the Democratic primary winds down to a close , Green Party likely nominee Dr. Jill Stein said she wanted Bernie Sanders supporters to `` know that there 's a plan B here to continue to fight that revolution . ''
Sanders went from a long-shot candidate to the head of a national progressive movement in months , and Stein said she believed many of his supporters , turned off by presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton 's record and a bruising primary season , might go Stein 's way .
Stein offered condolences to Sanders supporters and praised Sanders for running a `` revolutionary '' movement that spoke to the issues she also cares about in an interview with CNN Tuesday evening .
`` We are here in the event that they feel like they do n't have a place to go , '' Stein said .
Read More
Update : FBB 's Hurricane Matthew Drive has ended . Thank you for your support ! Further information about the funds we donated to Lambi Fund of Haiti will be forthcoming .
Foundation Beyond Belief ( FBB ) has launched a Humanist Disaster Recovery Drive to aid the people affected by Hurricane Matthew , a Category 4 superstorm , and we have chosen Lambi Fund of Haiti ( LFH ) as our beneficiary . We have collected over $ 5,000 so far . Hurricane Matthew caused over 1,000 deaths in Haiti , displaced thousands , and destroyed homes . Cholera , already a problem in Haiti , is becoming a concern .
Mourad Wahba , the U.N. secretary general 's deputy special representative for Haiti said in a statement that `` Haiti is facing the largest humanitarian event witnessed since the earthquake six years ago , '' referring to an earthquake in 2010 that left some 200,000 people dead .
Lambi Fund of Haiti has previous experience working in disaster recovery – they set up an emergency fund to help those affected by Hurricane Jeanne in 2004 . This organization has been recommended to Foundation Beyond Belief by one of our previous beneficiaries who work in Haiti and is also on several top lists of organizations to fund in Haiti . LFH is a local organization run by Haitians , women-led and using community-based practices in their work .
These are important considerations for FBB . First , locally run organizations are always best suited to handle recovery , especially in the long-term . Second , during the recovery process , research suggests women will likely face unique and more severe needs . This issue has been researched in a number of countries around the world following all manners of disasters and generated similar results . Women face three areas of increased need that are interrelated ; women 's health , an increase in gender-based violence , and economic strain .
Founded jointly in 1994 by Haitians and Americans , the Lambi Fund of Haiti is a unique , women-led , grassroots organization whose mission is to assist the popular , democratic movement in Haiti . Its goal is to help strengthen civil society in Haiti as a necessary foundation for democracy and development .
`` Foundation Beyond Belief is proud to support Lambi fund of Haiti and confident that donors to this disaster drive will understand why we chose them , '' says Noelle George , Executive Director of Foundation Beyond Belief . `` Women are central to disaster recovery , and instead of treating half the population as victims we need to empower them to help take the lead in recovery efforts . ''
Foundation Beyond Belief thanks the American Humanist Association for being a partner in our Drive effort .
Foundation Beyond Belief is also fundraising for a future Humanist Disaster Recovery ( HDR ) Teams deployment to areas in the south affected by flooding ( Texas and Louisiana ) . If we raise enough funds and there is damage in Florida or elsewhere on the east coast we will deploy there , but this is NOT guaranteed . HDR Teams first deployed to South Carolina in January to rebuild homes after the flooding there .
Please use the donation boxes on this page to aid in one or both efforts . We appreciate your support !
Links :
Humanist Disaster Recovery Drive ( HDR Drive ) serves as a focal point for the humanist response to major disasters all over the world . Our purpose is twofold : to bring resources to those in desparate need , and to raise awareness of that need in the humanist community and beyond .
Humanist Disaster Recovery Teams ( HDR Teams ) provides the humanist community an avenue through which to volunteer when disaster strikes . HDR Teams is the first national humanist disaster recovery volunteer program .
Please note : Foundation Beyond Belief does not retain any portion of donations directed to our beneficiaries . If you wish to support the efforts of FBB itself , we are always grateful for direct donations . Please use the green donation box below . Thank you !
* Any recurring contributions for disaster recovery drives , or one-time contributions that are received after a given drive is closed , may be directed to FBB general funds . This will be decided on a case-by-case basis . Drives are closed publicly and funds raised are announced publicly at the end of a drive.​
INDIANAPOLIS -- Long after his playing days have ended , Larry Bird remains extremely competitive . The idea of giving up on a season certainly is not in his DNA .
All-Star forward Paul George ( broken leg ) has not played this season , and yet , the Indiana Pacers are still fighting for a playoff spot .
Bird , the team 's president , expects George to come back . He also expects his team to make the playoffs .
The Pacers have lost six straight games and play four of their next five on the road . Yet , Bird is optimistic .
`` Anytime you lose five in a row , it 's probably not the best thing , but we 've had our ups and downs this year , and there are n't a lot of people that are expecting a whole lot , '' Bird told ESPN.com on March 23 . `` I still think we should make the playoffs in the East . I do n't know how many wins that 's gon na take , but we do have enough talent to make the playoffs , and it would be disappointing if we do n't . ''
During a wide-ranging interview , Bird discussed the Pacers , his appreciation for Russell Westbrook , his disdain for tanking and , as always , he shared some terrific stories .
ESPN.com : Russell Westbrook has been averaging nearly 30 points , 10 assists and 10 rebounds per game for over a month now . You 've put together similar stretches during your career . What do you think of what he 's been able to accomplish ?
Russell Westbrook has been a triple-double machine this season as the Thunder chase a playoff spot in the West . AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki
Larry Bird : Here 's a young man that has had serious injuries -- bad knee injuries throughout his career -- yet every time he walks on the court , you know you 're going to get 100 percent from him . He attacks , he 's fearless and he plays the way it should be played , so I 'm all for him . I hope he wins 10 MVPs in a row . I just love players that compete on a nightly basis and really take the challenge to their opponents .
ESPN.com : You and Russell obviously play two different positions , but does he remind you of yourself in terms of his competitiveness and will to win ?
Bird : I do n't know . I just think that my opinion about basketball , the way I was taught , was when you step on the court , you play to win . Now , if you 're not supposed to play to win , then they should n't keep score . If they did n't keep score in these games , I would n't have played as hard as I did . But I do think this is our job . We know that we 're going to be hurting years down the road . He knows that he 's going to be hurting years down the road , but he ca n't help it . He has to play that way to be effective , and he knows that .
ESPN.com : Stephen Curry ? James Harden ? Anthony Davis ? Who do you like for MVP ?
Bird : It 's like every other year . There are always a lot of candidates . I like all of them . I like all of our great players . I really do . On any given night , one of them can be special . But like with Russell , he 's been special for a month . But he 's been special his whole career , too . The MVP , I think , just like the All-Star teams -- somebody 's going to get left out . I do n't follow it that close , but there are so many players you can choose from , and you could n't go wrong with any of them .
ESPN.com : You were able to build the Pacers through the middle of the draft , which has typically been extremely difficult . There 's really no one perfect way to do things , but when you hear the word `` tanking , '' what 's the first thing that comes to mind ?
Bird : It makes me sick to my stomach . For somebody that 's been in this league for over 30 years , I do n't think that 's the way you do things , but that 's my opinion . Everybody else has got their opinion . I 've read in the past here where people thought we should lose on purpose . I do n't believe in that . I 've never believed in that . If I ever get that way , I 'll be out of the game .
ESPN.com : That 's just your competitive nature ?
Bird : This is a competitive league . These players are paid large sums of money to perform at a high level . And when you come in and tell them , `` We 're tanking , and we 're not playing to win tonight , '' what does that say for your league ? It is what it is , but my opinion of it is , play to win . That 's the way it is .
ESPN.com : You guys have hit on a lot of guys who have stayed in school -- Danny Granger , Roy Hibbert and Solomon Hill . Is that the direction you like to go in ?
Bird : I do n't think it 's a direction . I do like four-year guys , though . They 're low maintenance . They already know what the league 's all about . We 've taken some young guys -- Paul George , Lance Stephenson , and both of them are very good players . I do n't think every draft we go in and say we 've got to get a four-year guy or a three-year guy . It 's really who 's there . I know in Danny 's situation , we followed Danny 's career pretty closely . And I know when he came in here to work out for us , it was more of a favor to come in here than it was that we had an opportunity to draft him . I think we were at ( pick No . 17 ) that year ( 2005 ) , and we thought he was gon na be taken in the top six . But he slid to us and we knew about his knee injury and everything . It was pretty easy . If you saw the way Roy played his freshman year , you would 've never dreamed he 'd be on an NBA court . But the improvement , the work ethic he displayed , showed us that he 'd be the best player he possibly could be by sheer work and force . Then , you take a lot of the other guys on our team -- David West was a four-year guy . It 's just so much easier .
ESPN.com : Why did you decide to keep your team 's core intact at the trade deadline ?
Bird : I wanted to keep our group together because in the summer , if David and Roy opt out , we 're back to zero , really . We do n't have that much , so you leave your options open . If we did make a trade , I did n't want to take on a lot of contracts -- because that 's what usually happens . Plus , I liked my guys . They 're playing well . If we keep the core together and Paul comes back healthy , we 'll be right back to where we were .
ESPN.com : Why do you think your team has been able to stay afloat in the playoff race despite not having Paul George all season ?
Bird : We do have some talent . The additions of Rodney Stuckey and C.J . Miles really helped us . Once they became acclimated to what we were trying to do , they played a lot better . But you 're still missing your best player -- and when you do that , it takes a lot away .
ESPN.com : You 've had a lot of different guys step up this season in Paul George 's absence . Who has been the biggest surprise ?
Under Bird , the Pacers have been unusually successful with mid-first-round draft picks . Brian Spurlock/USA TODAY Sports
Bird : I 've been watching Rodney Stuckey for eight years now , and when you watch players from other teams you know how good they are , but you see them every day and you know they 're really good . And I think C.J . Miles has had problems with injuries throughout his career , but our training staff is getting him pretty healthy and he 's going to be here all summer , so I look forward and I look out for the big picture . We are going to have a good draft pick -- whether we 're in the playoffs or not , we 're gon na get somebody that can help us . And we 'll just go forward with that , and we think we 're gon na be pretty good next year .
ESPN.com : You had two seasons where you shot 50 percent from the field , 40 percent from 3-point range and 90 percent from the free throw line . Is it crazy that Kyle Korver -- albeit as more of a star role player , so to speak -- is chasing 50-50-90 right now ?
Bird : Yeah . That 's hard to do . It 's really hard to do . And he 's not really a go-to guy , but when he does have an opportunity to do what he 's supposed to , 50-50-90 is pretty tough . That 's a tough get . You do n't see that too often in our league . It used to be 50-40-90 . It 's just like triple-doubles : I never really thought about it back when I played . I just played . But you go into halftime and you 'd be like , `` Man , I got it going tonight , '' so you knew you had it going , and it did n't always have to be scoring . My game was , the more I was involved in everything , the happier I was . That 's right around trying to steal the ball , rebounding , passing and obviously scoring was a big part of it . But there were a lot of nights I did n't feel I had to score for our team to win .
ESPN.com : Did you always have the mindset that you did n't care if you scored or not as long as you were making your teammates better ? Sounds like LeBron James .
Bird : I used to go out and play , and I tried to see what we needed . LeBron 's the same way . He looks at the game a little differently than most guys , and he 's got that mentality where if somebody 's open , he 's going to get them the ball . That 's the way the game is supposed to be played . That 's just called fundamentals . When you 're young , everybody wants to be this and be that , as far as scoring and doing their thing , but as you get in this league and you look around , you go , `` Damn , those guys want to have a piece of their pie , too , '' and if they get their piece , you 're going to be more successful . There 's no question about that .
ESPN.com : Rick Carlisle had a funny story about you recently . He told Boston.com that the last game you ever played was in 2000 , when you were coaching the Pacers . It was a 4-on-4 , half-court game -- you and the older guys on the team against some of the younger guys . It was the best two out of three . You hit the game-winning shot , fell to the floor and the guys piled on top of you . And that was it . What do you recall about that ?
Bird : I think it was me , Chris Mullin , Rik Smits and Derrick McKey against Al Harrington , Austin Croshere , Jonathan Bender and I ca n't remember who the fourth one was ( Jeff Foster was a rookie at the time ) , and we beat them pretty good . It was the last time I played , because they did n't knock me down on the floor . I fell on the floor . I was tired ( laughs ) .
Rick did n't tell you about the time two little kids were out here , and we were leaving the arena and he said , `` Why do n't we stop and beat those two little guys ? Let 's go . '' They were probably 13 or 14 years old . He threw me the ball and I took off running hard , and I pulled a hamstring . I think it was the year before that 4-on-4 game . I was gon na quit then ( laughs ) . I had never had a pulled hamstring before .
ESPN.com : March 12 , 2015 , was the 30th anniversary of your 60-point game . What do you remember about that day ? You have downplayed that performance , too .
Bird : It was n't that good of a game . I like the hard-fought , scrappy games , pound it inside . It was just a loosey-goosey game . It was a pretty close game , as I remember . We were n't up 20 , 25 , but we were up 10 the whole way , and it just was n't a good game . I ran a 5-mile race two days before that , and actually , I was very sore . My legs were really sore . I was n't tired or anything , but I was really sore .
I knew I was gon na play that night . I just did n't know how effective I was going to be . But once I started going , I was making shots . But it just was n't a fun game to play in . It was n't my type of game .
ESPN.com : What was your type of game ? What 's the one game that stands out ?
Bird says his most enjoyable game was Game 6 of the 1986 NBA Finals , when the Celtics conquered the Rockets . Dick Raphael/NBAE/Getty Images
Bird : I do n't know if it was my best game , but the one I enjoyed the most was Game 6 of the 1986 NBA Finals . I had control of the game ( Bird finished with 29 points , 12 assists and 11 rebounds as the Boston Celtics captured the championship that night over the Houston Rockets ) . I could do anything I wanted to do . It was a meaningful game . I knew if we won , we 'd win the championship . The series was tough . You lose a lot of sleep during that . You 're tired . But that 's one game I always felt that in a big situation like that , I always performed at a high level .
ESPN.com : How were you able to rise to the occasion time and time again in big spots ?
Bird : I do n't know . Because going into those games you never knew what was gon na happen . But I always had enough confidence in my game and I put the time and the hard work . I never really felt the pressure . The only thing I was always worried about was how I was going to perform , because I wanted to perform at a high level for myself . And you never knew that until you stepped on the court .
ESPN.com : During that 60-point game , when did you know you had it going ?
Bird : I knew I had it when Kevin McHale scored 56 a couple weeks before ( on March 3 ) . I knew I was gon na get there one day . ( Bird told reporters , `` I 'll break that record in no time . '' And he did . ) But Kevin left that game with I forget how many minutes left . He could 've had a lot more .
ESPN.com : When you think of Larry Bird , you think of all the numbers and the accolades , but you also think of the trash-talking , too .
Bird : Yeah . I do n't know . Some of the stories I remember . Some of them I do n't . It 's probably just nervousness , talking . But if I had something to say , I said it . But if you knew our team , I thought Cedric Maxwell and Kevin McHale talked more junk than I did . Danny Ainge , too . They were always talking .
ESPN.com : What was the best McHale trash talk you heard ?
Bird : Kevin McHale , one time , did one of the dirtiest things anybody can do to an opposing player . He told his buddy , a college friend , a teammate ( at one point ) at the end of the game in Golden State we were up pretty big -- and we were just getting ready to go out of the game -- and Kevin told him when he came in , he said , `` When you get the ball in the low post , you just turn and shoot it over me , and I 'll just act like I 'm defending you . '' Sure enough , they threw it in there , he turned and Kevin batted the shot about six rows up into the stands . And I mean I felt so bad for the guy , and the guy was pissed . And I went over to ( Celtics coach ) K.C . Jones and I said , `` Get me out of here . This kid 's out of control , this kid 's out of control . '' It was the worst thing I 'd ever seen on the basketball court , but that 's why I remember it to this day . You do n't do that to your friend ( laughs ) .
ESPN.com : With Dominique Wilkins , you had that funny line on that retirement video that you were pretty sure his statue was n't in a defensive stance . What made him bring out the best in you ?
Bird : I do n't know . Dominique was a talented player . I remember when he first came into the league , he was able to jump . He did a lot of his damage off of two feet when a lot of guys go off of one . Jordan was a one-leg jumper , he was a two-leg jumper . I never jumped , so I did n't have to worry about it ( laughs ) . But he was very skilled , did a lot of spinning in the lane and elevated and he was a helluva player . In this league , every night , being the guy I was , I always took a challenge because I knew every night I had to prove myself , usually against pretty damn good players .
I got my reddit secret santa gift yesterday . I had heard NOTHING from my SS so I have NO idea who he ( or she is ) but the gifts were spot on .
This year is my first year away from home ( I moved to China 3 months ago to teach English ) so i was really missing my family . My roommate got 2 huge packages from his family and my family is n't really going to mail me anything because shipping here can be pretty pricy so I was n't really expecting any Christmas gifts this year .
My SS sent me a mini light up Christmas tree ( which I put up RIGHT AWAY ! ) and a tea set ( which is awesome because it has 8 cups so I can share with friends that come over ) and a pair of huge slippers ( which I REALLY needed ) . My apartment ( and most apartments here ) are pretty poorly insulated so my feet get really cold and finding large slippers is REALLY tough to do in China . If you have a foot larger than 10 be warned it 's not easy .
Anyway SS THANK YOU ! so much . I love everything and I am drinking tea while wearing the slippers right now . You can confirm the deliveries on taobao : D lol
谢谢
A State Farm commercial showing a black man proposing to a white woman has been targeted by racists .
The insurance giant tweeted out the seemingly innocuous advertisement on Wednesday , showing the young couple getting engaged .
'Who said yes ? Cheers to the newly engaged this holiday season ! Be sure to # ProtectTheBling ! ' a caption with the picture read .
It also linked information on its 'personal article policy ' .
A State Farm commercial showing a black man proposing to a white woman ( pictured ) has been targeted by racists
The insurance giant tweeted out the seemingly innocuous advertisement on Wednesday , showing the young couple getting engaged
However , just moments after it was posted , bigoted users began replying to the tweets with a bevy of offensive comments .
'Seriously , it 's getting ridiculous Trump 's America , now . We got ta be FIRM on this , ' Brenda Gale tweeted .
'Been a State Farm customer for 20 years . Will be taking business elsewhere next week , ' another person said .
'This is f * * king disgusting . Why do ad execs think race mixing sells product ? ' one user wrote .
'Absolutely disgusting . I am venomously opposed to Inter-racial relationships . I will boycott State Farm , ' Reg Keane tweeted .
'This is revolting . What 's wrong with you ? ' one said .
'Anti white ( sic ) filth will get you shut down in WHITE AMERICA , ' another wrote .
'Sad . Preserve your race , white people , ' a tweet read .
Thousands of comments were left on the commercial after it was posted , many of which were racist
'What the hell are you doing ? This is disgusting and nobody wants to see this , ' another added .
Others began suggesting the commercial 's casting was part of some larger conspiracy by the insurance company .
'Why are interracial relationships uncommon IRL but extremely common in advertisements ? Blatant social engineering . That 's why , ' Reinhard Wolff said .
'Awesome . I now know that I 'm not ever supporting a company that promotes genocide like this , ' another wrote .
Offensive comments were being posted to State Farm 's tweet by racists who were upset with the ad
One person even suggested the advertisement was the equivalent of 'interracial porn ' .
Thankfully , others were quick to call out the offensive and racist remarks .
'These comments are so disgusting , how could people be so hateful ? ' Mikayla Bruendl said .
'This is a really sweet ad . I 'm sorry people are being horrible and disgusting bigots , ' Kristen McHugh wrote .
Other people were quick to call out the racist comments , while some celebrated State Farm for casting an interracial couple
'The racist response to this simple tweet from @ StateFarm is disgusting , and an affront to interracial families like mine , ' Timothy Buck tweeted .
'Thanks for daring to cast a racially mixed couple , sad to see all the ugly mentions , ' Jamiah Adams said .
'The replies to this are DISGUSTING I feel SICK , ' another person added .
It comes up a lot in discussions of women in computer science , women who write code , women in open source . Eventually , someone brings up the fact that women score slightly lower on math tests . Clearly , they claim , this biological inferiority must explain why there are fewer women in math heavy fields .
It sounds like a compelling reason , and it gets a lot of play . Except , you know what ? It 's a lie .
I 'm a mathematician . I 've looked at those numbers , I 've read some papers . The research into biologically-linked ability is fascinating , but it simply is n't significant enough to explain the huge gender gap we see in the real world . I used to do this presentation on the back of a napkin for people who tried to spout this misconception to my face , and I finally put it online :
Love it ? Hate it ? Learn something ? Catch the Mathnet reference ? Let me know .
I decided to go make this Gunner cuz I fell in love at first sight with the design < 3 The time was quite limited , so I did my best in 5 weeks to finish it all.~
Was a very energy consuming past month , but now when I see the results I m quite proud of it all
I must thank my close friends for supporting me in this project
W.I.P . Costume : I made it out of different types of fake leather , the props out of wonderflex . The guns are made of wood by my brother and painted/sanded by me.W.I.P . fav.me/d74s82o
Here is a reference photo :
Photo by Stefan~ Edited by me
-- -- -- -- --
Here is my Cosplay Music Video with this costume youtu.be/wo8RdGKkmik
-- -- -- -- --
With this costume , I participated to an online contest aion.gry-online.pl/en/index.as…
Author Tsering Woeser has used her blog `` Invisible Tibet , '' together with poetry , historical research , and social media platforms to give voice to millions of ethnic Tibetans who are prevented from expressing themselves to the outside world by government curbs on information . In a recent commentary , she describes her early run-ins with Chinese authorities over her published works .
The first big trouble I ran into in my life was over the Chinese edition of Notes on Tibet . That was more than 12 years ago now , but I remember it as if it were yesterday , because the dark shadow of this regime , which silences dissent and strips its citizens of their most basic rights , is still entwined in my psyche .
And that trouble has proved to be a blessing in disguise , because it set me on the path to becoming an independent author , where I found difficulty and danger , but also a precious kind of spiritual freedom for which I am deeply grateful .
As a writer living under an absolute authoritarian power , I have always been subjected to investigation because of my writings . But before Notes on Tibet , I mainly wrote poetry , where meanings are obscure and metaphorical , and can be carried out into the world as if hidden inside an amulet .
But as soon as I began writing nonfiction , albeit in a literary style , it became a matter of fact and the historical record , and I was very soon punished for it .
Notes on Tibet was published by the China Huacheng Publishing Co. in 2003 , to an enthusiastic reception by its readers , and further editions soon followed , although one aspect of it caught the attention of the government .
'Political errors '
For a start , the United Front Work Department of the [ ruling ] Chinese Communist Party said that the book contained `` grave political errors . '' The person in charge of ideological work on Tibet ordered an investigation and banned further sales of the book , seizing all copies still held by the publisher .
The book was a major target of criticism in 2004 at a meeting of the General Administration of Press and Publications ( GAPP ) , where it was described as `` committing the serious political errors of praising the 14th Dalai Lama , and the 17th Karmapa Lama , and of proselytizing and expressing religious devotion , while some chapters enter the territory of political misunderstanding to varying degrees . ''
The Tibetan Literature Association , where I worked at the time , said that it `` exaggerated and idealized the positive effects of religion on society , while many of its chapters exude a sense of reverence and worship for the Dalai Lama . ''
`` At times , it turns a blind eye to the huge successes of the past few decades of reform and opening up in Tibet , indulging in nostalgia for old Tibet and committing grave political errors and erroneous value judgments . It has lost sight of the political and social responsibilities incumbent on a writer to create a progressive literary culture , '' the Association said .
I refused to admit to these so-called errors , and so , a year after of the publication and banning of Notes on Tibet , I lost my job , my home was confiscated and my insurance policies revoked , and I was banned from applying for a passport to leave China . I could only leave [ Tibet 's regional capital ] Lhasa to live in Beijing , which I still have n't gotten used to , with my husband Wang Lixiong , an author who researches Tibet and Xinjiang .
Work continues
I have continued to write poetry , essays , short stories , and collections of oral history , 14 volumes in total , while Wang Lixiong has published three volumes . But of course these books , which are all written in Chinese , ca n't be published in mainland China , only in Taiwan and Hong Kong in the case of one volume .
They are banned , and they ca n't be brought back into China .
I am very pleased that 12 of my books have been translated into English , German , French , Japanese , Spanish , Catalan , Polish , Czech , and Tibetan , and I would like to thank the translators at this point for choosing my work , and the Czech Publishing Co. for its recognition , and my Czech readers for their concern .
The stories in the books may have been written many years ago , but these are no tales of mysticism and Tibetan demons .
I am telling the story of the invisible Tibet , the historical and real Tibet as it is experienced by all Tibetans .
Translated by Luisetta Mudie .
Secondary ticket marketplace , Vivid Seats , has released data ( and in the form of a lovely chart , no less ) on the upcoming 2013 season that you can see below . The data is current through July 9 , 2013 and excludes suites , luxury boxes and parking .
Unsurprisingly , the most expensive tickets on the secondary market are to the games where the opposing team 's fans can be expected to travel to San Diego to cheer on their team . There also seems to be some additional weight toward the travelling fan bases of teams that can be expected to win on the road . This would explain why Chiefs game is at the bottom . Although anyone in Kansas would be happy to spend December 29 in San Diego , it 's probably difficult to justify flying here and buying tickets to watch your team compete for last place in the division long after any chance of doing any better than that has disappeared .
The Cowboys game 's substantial lead suggests that Cowboy fandom is still alive and well despite the fact that America 's Team has n't had the kind of success that swelled the ranks of its bandwagon in quite some time . The Broncos game placing second makes sense coming in second since the Broncos are still on the rise and overly optimistic Chargers fans probably think this game could be important to the season still .
I 'm most surprised by how expensive the Colts game is relative to the rest of the schedule . Are people that intrigued by Andrew Luck ? Or are people really buying into the Colts after their insanely lucky season in 2012 ?
Anyway , why do you think things are shaking out the way they are and what games are you attending in 2013 ?
By Mayson , dating coach for New Social Systems
Being on a first date can be a nerve wracking experience for anyone . Often times people will do anything they can to impress their potential partner . Over the past few years I 've observed 7 of the deadliest sins that one can make when it comes to a first date . If you can avoid these 7 sins , then you 're on the right track to getting a second date .
Deadly Sin # 1 : Arrogance vs. Confidence
Men , listen up because this part is especially for you . Arrogance does not equal confidence . Bragging about your accomplishments will only yield the opposite results of the emotions you want to evoke in your potential partner . Let 's explore the difference between arrogance and confidence .
1 ) Internal vs . External Validation : When a person is confident they get validation from inside and not the outside . For instance , an arrogant person might seek to demean others around them because they want to feel important and better . They might brag about their accomplishments in order to feel validation . This concept in psychology is called `` leveling . ''
In the case of the confident person , they are sure of whom they are and do not seek to lower anyone but rather build people up . A confident person also has specific observable traits as well such as :
2 ) Confident people smile ! A lot of people who are arrogant try to look tough because they believe being vulnerable is a weakness . They put on a front while truly confident people smile a lot more .
If I had to sum up the difference between arrogance and confidence in one sentence it would be , “ A confident person seeks to build people up rather than tear them down. ” It 's important to display confidence and NOT arrogance or you will be committing one of the 7 deadly sins of a first date .
Deadly Sin # 2 : Neediness
Our desire for acceptance is often the root cause for our needy behavior around members of the opposite sex . When we do n't accrue enough experience with members of the opposite sex , we tend to mistake neediness for love . This shows it 's deadly nature when we come to the understanding that neediness kills attraction .
The reliance on another person for your happiness is a lie we believe and it causes us all kinds of suffering . Not only does it cause us to suffer but we also destroy the very relationships we are working to build .
Deadly Sin # 3 : Fake it till you make it
Be authentic with you are . Often people will try to be something they are not in order to impress their potential partner . When I tell students that they are to be authentic this does NOT mean that they should n't take care of themselves .
The way that you dress and look is an outside representation of your internal value of yourself . This is why it is extremely important to take care of yourself and look your best . Take pride in your appearance even if your physical looks are not perfect .
If you do n't have a perfect six pack or slender body , that 's ok. What are some traits that you can highlight to look your best ? Find what accentuates your body and personality and use it to your advantage . This is why it 's important to develop your personality and not just find yourself , but to create yourself as well .
Deadly Sin # 4 : Over thinking
So you land the date with the guy or girl that you 've wanted for quite some time . You plan your outfit , your shower , you get ready , you book the best table at an amazing restaurant , and they still have n't called you . You then text them and do n't get a reply . You start to get in your head saying all these things that lead to self defeat .
It 's easy to overthink things when you are about to go on a date . I see it all the time where people plan everything out with precision only to have their car get a flat tire . The best experiences we tend to have been the ones that are spontaneous and not planned out perfectly . It 's ok for things to go wrong , for people to run late , and even to cancel . It does n't necessarily mean they do n't like you . It just means that sometimes things come up .
When we overthink things we make a lot of assumptions that cause us to suffer needlessly . Having a great date has nothing to do with how flawless the wait staff was . It has to do with the connection you make with your potential partner .
Deadly Sin # 5 : Not having fun
In addition to over thinking on a first day another deadly sin is that people will not have fun and just relax . I understand that meeting up with someone for the first time can be an anxious event . The best way to break tension is to let go , laugh , and enjoy the experience .
Guys , dinner and a movie does is not necessarily the best first date . You ca n't interact or talk much during a movie , and it really brings about more space then connection on your date . Do n't be afraid to have fun and be a little silly .
Take her to the arcade , fly kites in a park , and connect with your youth again . If you take things too seriously then she will feel that vibe and will take it too serious as well . You end up hurting your chances of making a real connection .
And ladies , be open to trying new things ! Let go of the pressure that surrounds a first date and open up to the potential for something new and exciting . Trust me , you 'll be surprised at how much fun you can have by simply changing things up .
Deadly Sin # 6 : Too Much Too Soon
Remember the phrase “ too much of a good thing. ” Well this is true with our next deadly sin as well . If you tell your potential partner your entire life story in an hour you are not allowing them to get to know you . One of the most attractive qualities that a guy can have according to women is some mystery and intrigue .
Do n't mistake mysterious for creepy because they are light years apart . Being mysterious means that you have captured a person 's attention and they want to know more about you . Allow yourself to be revealed over multiple dates . Do n't give away everything in the first 30 seconds of meeting your potential partner .
Too much too soon also shows it 's destruction in physical escalation . Sometimes you both have a ton of chemistry and soon end up in intimate situations together . While sometimes one partner will feel a strong connection , while the other is not completely ready . Do n't overdo it and try too hard to push past boundaries . You can end up in a really bad spot . This is why you must not fall sway to the final deadly sin… .
Deadly Sin # 7 : Oblivious Advances
There 's a term I use a lot in order for a student to understand when the right and wrong time to go for the kiss is . That word is called “ calibration. ” The ability to understand and interpret social situations is extremely important .
Imagine for a moment that you 're on a date with a woman . The date is really dull and you 're not making much of a connection . At the end of the night you walk her to the door and feel that there 's not much connection , but you go for the kiss anway . This is an example of an oblivious advance .
Without understanding calibration you will doom yourself to awkward social situations . A friend of mine often says that calibration is everything ; anything else is just a suggestion . I think there 's a lot of validity in that statement .
About the Author :
Mayson is a confidence and dating coach for New Social Systems in Boston . He specializes in personality development and confidence building .
If you 'd like to guest post for The Professional Wingman blog , feel free to contact me .
Image caption Strong sales of smartphones are helping drive up the number of internet users in China
China now has 591 million internet users , according to the latest official figures from the country .
The China Internet Network Information Centre added that 464 million citizens accessed the net via smartphones or other wireless devices .
The headline figure marks a 10 % rise on last year and indicates 44 % of the country 's population uses the web and other net services .
The rapid growth is reflected in the valuations of some local tech firms .
Earlier this week the country 's most popular search engine Baidu announced it would pay $ 1.9bn ( £1.3bn ) to buy 91 Wireless Websoft , a firm that runs two app stores in the country .
A forthcoming flotation of Alibaba , the Hangzhou-based e-commerce giant , is also expected to value the firm at $ 62.5bn , according to research by Bloomberg .
Western brands have also been keen to target the market , as was highlighted by football team Manchester United 's decision to launch a Sina Weibo account earlier this month .
The Twitter-like micro-blogging service reported in February that it had more than 500 million registered users , with about 46 million people using the product on any given day .
Another Chinese firm , Tencent , has said its QQ instant messaging service had an even high number - 798.2 million registered users - at the end of last year .
That is more than China 's entire net population , but can be explained by the app 's popularity in Indonesia and other parts of Asia as well as the fact that some mainland-based netizens would have registered multiple accounts .
The China Internet Network Information Centre 's data on internet use goes back to June 2009 when it says there were 338 million people using the net on the mainland , 320 million of whom were doing so via a mobile device .
Twitter is being used as a broadcast medium , the study says Micro-blogging service Twitter remains the preserve of a few , despite the hype surrounding it , according to research . Just 10 % of Twitter users generate more than 90 % of the content , a Harvard study of 300,000 users found . Estimates suggest it now has more than 10 million users and is growing faster than any other social network . However , the Harvard team found that more than half of all people using Twitter updated their page less than once every 74 days . And most people only ever `` tweet '' once during their lifetime , the researchers found . `` Based on the numbers , Twitter is certainly not a service where everyone who has seen it has instantly loved it , '' said Bill Heil , a graduate from Harvard Business School who carried out the work . On a typical online social network , he said , the top 10 % of users accounted for 30 % of all production . `` This implies that Twitter 's resembles more of a one-way , one-to-many publishing service more than a two-way , peer-to-peer communication network , '' the team wrote in a blog post . Silent crowds Twitter is a social networking website where people can post messages of up to 140 characters - known as tweets - that can be seen by other users who subscribe to their feed . Its growth has been described as `` explosive '' and it has become the poster child of social networking sites , particularly among media companies . Twitter is a broadcast medium rather than an intimate conversation with friends
Bill Heil Recent figures from research firm Nielsen Online show that visitors to the site increased by 1,382 % , from 475,000 to seven million , between February 2008 and February 2009 . It is thought to have grown beyond 10 million in the past 4 months . By comparison , Facebook - one of the most popular social networking sites by number of visitors - has 200 million active users and grew by 228 % during the same period . Research by Nielsen also suggests that many people give the service a try , but rarely or never return . Earlier this year , the firm found that more than 60 % of US Twitter users failed to return the following month . `` The Harvard data says very , very few people tweet and the Nielsen data says very , very few people listen consistently , '' Mr Heil told BBC News . 'superuser ' The Harvard study took a snapshot of 300,542 users in May 2009 . As well as usage patterns it looked in detail at gender differences . For example , it found that men had 15 % more followers than women despite there being slightly more females users of Twitter than males . It also showed that an average man was almost twice as likely to follow another man than a woman , despite the reverse being true on other social networks . `` The sort of content that drives men to look at women on other social networks does not exist on Twitter , '' said Mr Heil . `` By that I mean pictures , extended articles and biographical information . '' However , said Mr Heil , the most striking result was that so few people used the service to publish information , preferring instead to be passive consumers . For example , the median number of lifetime tweets per user is one . `` Twitter is a broadcast medium rather than an intimate conversation with friends , '' he said . `` It looks like a few people are creating content for a few people to read and share . '' Some `` superusers '' can have thousands or even hundreds of thousands of followers . Currently , the most popular person to follow-on Twitter is the movie star Ashton Kutcher who has more than two million followers . However , the service bills itself as a way to `` communicate and stay connected '' with `` friends , family and co-workers '' . `` The Twitter management need to decide if this is a problem , '' said Mr Heil . `` And if they decide it is , how they will tweak Twitter to become more acceptable to the average user ? '' Will micro-blogging play a big part in the future of the web ? Share your thoughts here
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fact sheets for the Ebola virus are distributed during an awareness campaign in Lagos , Nigeria , Friday , Aug. 15 , 2014
Authorities in Liberia opened a new center to treat Ebola patients in the capital on Saturday after the existing one became overwhelmed with patients , underscoring that the health crisis is far from under control.The first center in Monrovia was only meant to treat 25 people but had about 80 patients as of Friday , said Assistant Health Minister Tolbert Nyenswah . The new center will have 120 beds but may eventually be tripled in size because of the ongoing crisis.Isolating Ebola patients is critical to slowing the spread of the disease , as sick people can transmit it through their bodily fluids such as blood , sweat or urine . There is no licensed treatment or vaccine for the disease , which has killed at least half of its victims this year.Even as authorities rush to put patients in isolation , the UN health agency has warned that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa may last another six months . At least 1,145 people have died across Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Nigeria , and that may `` vastly underestimate the magnitude of the outbreak , '' the World Health Organization says.New figures released on Friday showed that Liberia now has recorded more deaths 413 than any of the other affected countries.Health workers treating Ebola patients on the front lines of the crisis have borne the brunt of the fatalities . Sierra Leone 's president , Ernest Bai Koroma , told journalists on Friday that his country has lost two top doctors and 32 nurses . `` We need specialized clinicians and expertise and that is why we are appealing to the international community for an enhanced response to our fight against the Ebola disease , '' he said .
As close associates of Donald Trump are questioned as part of congressional investigations into Russia 's election interference , House Republicans announced two inquiries looking back at the Obama administration , including the renewed examination of Hillary Clinton 's emails .
The announcements on Tuesday , coming amid private interviews with the president 's personal lawyer and his former campaign digital director , appear aimed at diverting attention away from congressional investigations into potential coordination between the Kremlin and associates of the Trump campaign .
Trump calls James Comey 's investigation of Hillary Clinton 'obviously a fix ' Read more
The Republican leaders of the House judiciary and oversight panels said in a statement they were opening investigations into the FBI 's handling of the Clinton email investigation and the decision not to prosecute her – the subject of hours-long congressional hearings last year . The Republican chairman of the House intelligence committee , Devin Nunes , also announced a separate investigation into a uranium deal brokered during Barack Obama 's tenure as president .
The House judiciary committee chairman , Robert Goodlatte of Virginia , and the oversight committee chairman , Trey Gowdy of South Carolina , said the inquiry would be aimed at the FBI and its decisions in the Clinton investigation . The ousted FBI director James Comey and the former attorney general Loretta Lynch spoke at length to Congress about that investigation last year , and it is the subject of a continuing review by the justice department 's inspector general . The two panels have declined to investigate Russia 's interference in the 2016 elections , leaving those inquiries to Senate committees and the House intelligence committee .
Nunes has separately signed off on subpoenas that sought the banking records of Fusion GPS , the political research company behind a dossier of allegations about Trump 's connections to Russia . A lawyer for the company said in a statement Tuesday the subpoena was “ overly broad ” and without any legitimate purposes .
Survey : “ It 's The Economy , Stupid !
Opinion by Gilbert Mercier , NEWS JUNKIE POST
A survey from the Pew Research Center , released on July 8 , shows that the American public is hearing more negative news about the economy than good ones .
From January to May , it was a mix of good and bad news . However , in the last few weeks the number of people saying that the economic news is mostly bad has increased .
Currently , 41 percent say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy , it was 37 percent in June and 31 percent in May . Only 3 percent of Americans say they are hearing good news about the economy .
Americans are keeping a close eye on economic news , 38 percent say they follow report on the condition of the economy very closely . Since May , more Americans see news on the economy front as mostly bad . This is particularly true among Independents .
Currently , 45 percent of Independents say they are hearing mostly bad news on the economy . Among Republicans , it is 48 percent . 50 percent of Republicans say it is a mix of good and bad news .
Even among Democrats , the survey shows that 30 percent say the economic news has been mostly bad compared to 21 percent in May . 64 percent of Democrats think it is a mix of good and bad news .
In the last few days , various people from the Obama administration have been floating the idea of a second stimulus package . This idea is favored by liberal economists as well as some notable figures of the financial world such as Warren Buffet .
At this juncture , and despite the risk of inflation and the increase of the budget deficit it seems that a second stimulus package is the best option for the Obama administration to boost the economy , and avoid a substantial erosion in the polls for President Obama and the Democrats .
If the economy and consumer confidence does n't pick up before the end of the year , it will become easier for the GOP to keep calling the current recession “ Obama 's recession , ” even so it is largely inaccurate . This factor could make another White House 's bid by President Obama in 2012 a lot more challenging .
Miriam Salpeter
Resume norms shift . Your resume needs to be up-to-date if you want to appear highly qualified . And one rule never changes : Do n't include information that does n't pertain to landing the job .
Here are 10 other things you should never include :
1 . A title . Do n't put the word `` Resume '' or `` CV '' at the top . Everyone knows what it is , and you can use that space to include keywords that connect your experience to the hiring manager 's needs .
2 . Personal information and a photo . If you 're applying for a job in the United States , you do n't need to include your age , social security number , marital or family status . ( The employer does not need to know your children 's names and ages . ) Descriptions about your physical characteristics are irrelevant unless you are applying for a job that relies on your appearance ( such as an actor , television anchor , or model ) .
3 . Stock templates . Do n't rely on the templates that accompany your word processing software to create your resume . It 's unlikely a hiring manager or resume writer helped create the templates . If you use these stock designs , your resume will appear dated at best and out-of-touch at worst .
4 . An objective . Job-seekers used to learn to include an objective describing what they wanted in a job . ( For example , `` Seeking growth opportunity with progressive company '' or `` Looking for a job with flexible organization where I can advance . '' ) Today , employers do n't care what you want—it 's all about their needs . Use headlines including the job title you want and key phrases pulled from the job description .
5 . Months of employment . Typically , if you worked at a job at least a year , it 's not necessary to include the months you were employed . For example , `` May 2001 – July 2006 . '' For most positions , it would be perfectly acceptable to list your employment as `` 2001-2006 . '' If you were employed for less than a year , you 'll need to include specific months .
6 . Irrelevant content . Avoid words , phrases , or jargon in your descriptions that do n't specifically relate to the employer 's needs . If you include information focused on another field or position , it may confuse the reader and make him think you would prefer a different job . If you want to convince your targeted employer that you 're a perfect fit , delete language that the recruiter or employer might misinterpret .
7 . Infographics . You 're taking a risk if you apply for a job using an infographic resume . These visually stimulating documents are all the rage online . There are even businesses popping up to make it easy for people who have no graphic design experience to create a visually focused explanation of their careers . But unless you 're applying for a job requiring graphic design skills and can create your own infographic resume without a template or tool , it is unlikely this visual depiction will help you land a job . In fact , most online application systems can not digest or interpret a visual resume .
8 . Hobbies . These do n't belong on your resume , unless you can make a direct connection between the activity and the job . For example , if you apply for a sales position at a running shoe company , and you 're an avid runner—you 'd obviously include the hobby . Another exception to the rule : If you want to head human resources at a yarn company and you love to knit .
9 . Potentially polarizing political views . Unless you 're applying for a job with a political campaign or with an organization you know shares your opinions , it 's best to eliminate references to memberships in highly charged political groups .
10 . `` References upon request . '' This phrase is a throwback to a time when references were part of the resume . When people started leaving them off years ago , this phrase filled the gap . It 's clear you will provide references ( otherwise you would n't apply for the job ) . Saying so just wastes precious space at the bottom of the resume .
Focus on what makes you qualified for the job and fill your resume with those details . When you pay careful attention to every word you include and make sure you do n't waste space with unnecessary content , you will have a better chance of landing an interview .
Miriam Salpeter is a job search and social media consultant , career coach , author , speaker , resume writer , and owner of Keppie Careers . She is author of Social Networking for Career Success . Miriam teaches job seekers and entrepreneurs how to incorporate social media tools along with traditional strategies to empower their success .
QR Code Link to This Post
The ethnic girlfriend.Yes , you 've got the look down but , as we ALL know , nothing 's complete without accessories . You without a ethnic girlfriend is like a messenger bag without thousands of buttons proclaiming your political leanings and your extensive knowledge of music.Well luckily for you , here I am . Your very own , personal , cute , non-threatening , little Asian . What better way to piss off your wealthy blue-blood Greenwich-Hamptons family , without pushing the line , than to date a shy , quiet , non-threatening Asian chick ? Yellow 's close enough to white , anyway . After all , you would n't want your parents to cut you off from your monthly allowance - you might have to get a job and give up your dreams of being a rock star . Anyway , you majored in English and Music at NYU , and teaching 's not really your thing.Also , you really need somebody to drape your arm around after your show , to hand you a beer as soon as you come off stage and to tell you just how good you were . You were SO good . Yes , someone who will complement your style without overshadowing you . Want to coordinate outfits ? I 've got a vintage crocheted minidress that would look so good with your tweed jacket.I can be anything you want , baby . Want me to wear only black and white , sneer and blow smoke into people 's eyes ? I can do that . Want me to dress like I smoked a bowl of ice and then hitched a ride with Marty McFly in the Delorean ? I got you covered . Want me to impress your snotty friends with my extensive vocabulary and vast knowledge of International Relations ? I 'll read-up on my current events just for you , even though I hide copies of Star magazine in my copy of the Voice . After all , I did go to an elite boarding school and then art-school , where I majored in graphic design.If I had n't , would I be the well-dressed , cooler-than-thou hipster I am today ? Also , I 'm stick-thin , fashionably bisexual and smoke bidis . I am publicly a socialist but am secretly a rampant materialist . Do you think I actually go to Sal-Val for these ironic shirts ? Please . I shop exclusively at Andy 's Cheepee 's , Cheapjack 's and Screaming Mimi 's . So what if I have to pay the finder 's fee ? It 's not like I do n't have a trust-fund , anyway . I just wait tables at the vegan restaurant to look like I 'm slumming it . I do n't actually need the money.So . You need to have me hanging like a wristband off your lanky arm and you know it . Please , bassists and drummers only - and send a picture . I only pretend I 'm not shallow.this is in or around Probably the L train
Diwali fireworks have begun early in the Khan and Devgn households this year . Ajay Devgn 's Son of Sardaar , co-produced by Ajay Devgn Ffilms ( ADF ) , and Shah Rukh Khan 's Jab Tak Hai Jaan , produced by Yash Raj Films ( YRF ) and directed by the late Yash Chopra , are both slated for a Diwali release on 13 November 2012 . Both stars have gone on record saying they have no mutual enmity and this is just a fight between two production houses . But theories abound of the two middle-aged stars preferring to kiss a frog than shake hands with each other . That the producers of SoS had filed a complaint on 18 October—three days before Chopra 's death—with the Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) about YRF , the makers of JTHJ , has only sent rumour mills working overtime .
Is there a bigger , personal war being fought here ?
On the face of it , not really . Speaking to the media on his 47th birthday , Shah Rukh Khan said he was thankful he was not directly involved in the legal tussle between producers of the two films . Referring to the allegation of Ajay Devgn 's production house that YRF had used its market dominance—by bundling its earlier release Ek Tha Tiger with JTHJ—to obtain disproportionate screen space for JTHJ at the cost of SoS , Shah Rukh Khan said , “ I was reading all about it today . But there are enough screens in the country . The notice is a legal matter and thankfully my production house is not involved in making the film. ” He categorically added : “ But I hope they resolve all the problems quickly and both the films do well at the box office . I have no problem with anyone . ”
THE GENESIS
A common friend of the two stars remembers seeing them recently at Karan Johar 's 40th birthday party . “ They were very cordial and greeted each other , ” she says , “ It 's not like they had a long conversation , but if there is any fight , it was not evident then . But then they are two big stars and are aware that at a KJo party the media is out in full force and there are so many other industrywallas , so they will not air their differences unless they want to make them public . ”
Devgn himself has said he does not understand why the media is hyping the release of the films as a personal fight between two stars when there is no such thing . “ Shah Rukh Khan and Ajay Devgn as actors are not involved here , ” he told NDTV recently , “ Ajay Devgn as a producer is doing whatever he is doing with another production house . Honestly , it is not about SRK and myself . The media is making it sound like we have a fight . It has never been like that . It is not about two actors at all , and I hope and pray both films do well . ”
This is not the first time Devgn has taken the trouble to explain that he is not at war with SRK . When the Devgn-starrer Halla Bol released in 2008 , it kicked up a storm with one scene in which a ‘ Khan ' is mocked for dancing at the wedding of a character named IN Mittal . A few years earlier , SRK had danced at the wedding of steel magnate LN Mittal 's daughter . “ I do n't feel that we have hurt anyone 's sentiments through this film… It is only the media that has told people that Aamir Khan and Shah Rukh Khan are annoyed with me . The two actors have never conveyed this to me , ” Devgn was quoted as saying in a newspaper then .
But common sense suggests that what Devgn says in public about Shah Rukh Khan and vice-versa has to be taken with a pinch of salt . They are just being diplomatic . The truth is a star would want a rival 's film to flop , especially one released at the same time as his . This was evident in 2007 when the release of Ranbir Kapoor 's debut Saawariya clashed with SRK 's Om Shanti Om . Khan had said , in Bollywoodesque mock aggression , that he would “ destroy ” Saawariya , no less .
A well-known film industry person has a bold theory about the prime cause of the tension in the Shah Rukh Khan-Ajay Devgn relationship . By this narrative , Ajay and Kajol started dating in 1995 during the making of their film , Hulchul , followed soon by Gundaraj ( neither film did well at the box office ) . Their romance blossomed . But Kajol 's first film with Shah Rukh , Baazigar , had been a huge hit just two years earlier . The two were paired again in Karan Arjun , which too was a hit , and then they appeared in the record-smashing Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge ( 1995 ) . This run of success established them as Hindi cinema 's best on-screen couple of the times , and the world of Page 3 started talking more about their ‘ chemistry ' than the Ajay-Kajol romance . Then SRK-Kajol went on to do Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ( 1998 ) , which was again a success . Kajol did work on some films with Devgn just before and after their 1999 marriage—such as Dil Kya Kare ( 1999 ) and Raju Chacha ( 2000 ) . These did not do well at all commercially . But in 2001 , she and SRK again conquered the box office with Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham . All this , according to a source , was rather difficult for Devgn to deal with .
Says an industry veteran who has worked in the post-production teams of both Devgn and SRK films : “ They have never quite seen eye to eye . It started at the time Ajay was dating Kajol while she was doing many films with SRK and their ‘ chemistry ' was being spoken about everywhere . Also , they never moved in the same circles or did similar films . ”
Nevertheless , Kajol did well to separate her professional life from her personal . There was never any gossip of a romance between her and Shah Rukh . She had been dating Devgn , and SRK was married to his pre-stardom sweetheart Gauri , as he still is . Says a source who claims to be impartial : “ Whether they like each other or not , it did not stop Kajol from continuing to work with SRK . Even after Halla Bol , Kajol and SRK worked together in My Name is Khan ( 2010 ) . Obviously , Ajay has been supportive of her . If there was such a big fight between him and SRK , would Kajol have gone against her husband ? ”
There is a point there . But there is no doubt that the competition between Devgn and Shah Rukh is intense . One story goes that when Devgn found out that SRK was the only guest Karan Johar had invited solo on Koffee with Karan , he made sure he was the second person to be invited solo on the TV show . Says a youngster who was part of the show 's backstage team , “ The joke going around was that KJo 's friend Kajol called him up and made sure Ajay was the only guest for the show . If you had seen it , it was apparent that Karan was a bit daunted by Devgn 's reputation of flying off the handle . There were no trademarks KJo jibes during the show , and no uncomfortable questions asked . And while Ajay was asked about his views on every other hero and peer , including Salman and Saif , SRK 's name was kept out . ”
ALTERNATIVE APPEALS
Shah Rukh Khan and Ajay Devgn 's careers have been a study in contrast . As actors , both started and evolved in different ways . They even began at two extremes . SRK was an anti-hero before DDLJ shot him up the romance chart . Devgn was an action hero .
The articulate and witty SRK who claimed to read Dostoyevsky , among other authors , had a relatively urbane fan following . Ajay appealed to sons of the soil . He was like Bahadur , the Indrajal Comics character . With time , though , their careers slowly started converging , at least in terms of the kind of cinema they attempted ( if not success ) . SRK moved rapidly from his Darr , Baazigar and Anjaam days , graduating to romantic leads in Dil Toh Pagal Hai , Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge and Kuch Kuch Hota Hai , before moving on to more complicated and mature roles in Devdas , Veer-Zaara , Swades , Chak De ! India and My Name is Khan . He has even tried humour in films like Ra.One , but his goofy sense of humour does not seem to work in India .
Devgn , four years younger , earned early fame with films such as Kanoon , Haqeeqat , Jung , Vijaypath and Diljale . Though not good-looking in the conventional sense , Devgn had a quiet masculinity that worked for him . But in recent years , Devgn too has taken on comic roles ( the Golmaal franchise , Halla Bol and Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge ) and complex characters ( The Legend of Bhagat Singh , Omkara and Singham ) . Gone are the longish hair , stubble and mismatched clothes of his earlier films . Today 's Devgn is somewhat more sophisticated . The slight frown and half-smile he now sports has him smoulder in a way rather different from the manic show of angst he was once noted for .
Somehow , the two have never done a film together , despite each having worked with several other actors . Devgn has worked with both Salman Khan ( Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam , London Dreams ) and Aamir Khan ( Ishq ) in his over two-decade-long career , but never with Shah Rukh Khan .
Devgn has a habit of calling a spade a spade , a virtue that does not always endear him to some of his co-stars . On Koffee with Karan , he took digs at almost everyone , including his friend Salman ( when KJo asked him what he was likely to find in Khan 's bedroom , he said “ dumb bell ( e ) s ” ) . He did not spare Ranbir Kapoor , Mahesh Bhatt and Saif Ali Khan either . And when Johar asked him why some of his co-stars did not like him , he replied , “ I ca n't be that honest . ”
SHADOW FISTFEST
Shah Rukh Khan and Ajay Devgn may have avoided working together in a movie , but now they are releasing their big-budget films at the same time . That SRK & Co are not ready to take ADF 's legal manoeuvre lying down is amply evident . After all , big box-office money is at stake this Diwali . A day after ADF slapped YRF with its charges , the latter issued a statement of defence : ‘ All exhibitors , when approached by us earlier this year for booking their theatres , were happy to play out Yashji 's movie considering their long-standing emotional relationship and goodwill with YRF for over 40 years . A Yash Chopra/Shah Rukh Khan movie , coming after a gap of eight long years , did not need any coercion for contractual screening . '
ADF 's lawyers hit back with a counter statement : ‘ A producer can not be allowed to enter a tie-in arrangement which adversely affects competition . '
For the record , several months ago , YRF had struck a tie-in deal with exhibitors that it does not deny . Under this two-in-one deal , the studio offered exhibitors its Independence Day release directed by Kabir Khan , the Salman Khan starrer Ek Tha Tiger , bundled with Yash Chopra 's yet-untitled SRK starrer ( since named Jab Tak Hai Jaan ) as a Diwali release on the condition that the latter be given at least a two-week run of four daily shows . Multiplexes can run multiple films , but , by ADF 's charges , single-screen exhibitors had their pick of Diwali screenings pre-determined for them by this deal . ADF has argued that such a deal violates India 's Competition Act , 2002 , and that ‘ YRF is trying to hide behind its dominant position in the film market ' .
The CCI , however , has dismissed ADF 's complaint on lack of ‘ merit ' . ADF has made noises about contesting it , so this may not be the last one hears of it .
Is this a genuine conflict over a point of competition law ? Or just an open-and-shut case of pre-release gimmickry by which both these big-budget films can gain a bigger box-office draw ?
Controversy often generates enough noise in the media to assure such embattled films bigger than usual openings . Clearly , JTHJ is not short of publicity , given the boost that Yash Chopra 's death has assured it . That this is SRK 's first Chopra-directed film since Veer-Zaara ( 2004 ) has been tomtommed all over the media . “ So , ” says a Bollywood source , “ to shift some eyeballs to the SoS camp , ADF may have resorted to sending its legal notice as much as a warning to YRF as to ensure that [ popular ] interest in SoS is kept alive and it does not fall behind . ”
With both JTHJ and SoS set to hit movie screens on the same day to cash in on an extended weekend , trade analysts expect both to do very well .
KAJOL 'S SCREEN TEST
Whether she likes it or not , it was inevitable that Kajol 's name would be dragged into the controversy . But she can not hope to stay entirely aloof . She will have to take another tough call the day the two films open .
YRF has planned a tribute to Yash Chopra with a presentation of all the leading ladies of YRF films over the ages . That includes Kajol , who will have to share a stage with SRK even as hubby Ajay Devgn growls at the studio 's power . As this war of words rages on , all eyes will be on her .
After writing that maybe Matt Nichols has shed the “ game manager ” label and that Ottawa is the best winless team in the league I think I am going to take a week off from making predictions . Instead , I 'm just going to bask in the early season accomplishments of one of the best surprises to kick off the year , S.J . Green .
Now of course I need to preface this piece with the usual qualifier of “ it 's still so early ” but come on did anyone expect Green to be second in the league in receiving yards ? I viewed his signing by the Toronto Argonauts as nothing more than a band-aid for the Argonauts who were in a transition at the receiver spot . A career parting gift from Marc Trestman and Jim Popp . I imagined at best Green would be that cagey veteran who helps tutor the younger receivers while occasionally contributing on the field .
Now before you call me a cynic or a pessimist just do the math on where Green was coming from as he entered the season .
A 32-year-old player who a year ago had to repair a hat trick of ligaments ( MCL , PCL & ACL ) plus the meniscus in his right knee from that devastating injury back in Week 2 of the 2016 season . That 's a hard enough injury to recover from when you 're 22 ! Green had played in 116 games over 10 seasons putting up nearly 7,000 receiving yards while winning two Grey Cups and earning multiple All-Star nominations along the way .
Green had accomplished everything there was to accomplish as a CFL player . I had him pegged quietly riding into the sunset . Throw that prediction in the ever expanding list of things I have been wrong about .
Re-watching every catch he made from the Argonauts 26-25 win over the Ottawa REDBLACKS you see a player who does n't have blazing speed but has more than enough football speed . His body positioning was flawless ; his routes were precise and just as important was his heightened football sense . Green has that kind of intelligence that guides all great receivers to find those open spaces in any defence . Every one of those attributes was on full display on Saturday night . Let 's take a quick look back at some of his catches .
The remarkable thing is Green put up 203 of his 210 total receiving yards in three quarters of work , he was only targeted twice in the first quarter , Toronto did not score in that first quarter .
His first real contribution comes with his team in trouble , backed up at their own five-yard line facing a second and ten . A failed conversion leads to either a conceded safety or excellent field position for the REDBLACKS . Instead Ray spots a wide open Green , the nearest defender being 2015 All-Star Jerrell Gavins for 28 yards . Green on an obvious passing does what all elite receivers do ; find the weakness in the pass defence and make the opposition pay . The drive nets no points but at least Toronto has not lost the field position battle .
Green 's next big catch on the following drive would not lead to a touchdown but would serve as a reminder about just how physical he still is . After making a leaping grab over the middle of the field Green and his 6 ' 2 , 216-pound body collides with Antoine Pruneau who technically is credited with the “ tackle ” . Green pops right up after his 23-yard reception , Pruneau is clearly shaken up on the play .
S.J . 's biggest play of the game leads to Toronto 's first lead of the game . His 55-yard touchdown was a lethal combination of concentration and athleticism . The coverage by A.J . Jefferson is good but Green 's body positioning is better as he manages to bring in the Ricky Ray pass as Jefferson stumbles and falls over . Moments after Green easily eludes Pruneau with a slick cut and shakes off Jefferson 's last gasp attempt at a tackle and suddenly it 's 13-12 Toronto . On the broadcast , Duane Forde astutely points out that Green did not turn his head to look for the ball until well after Ray had thrown it . For it only being Week 3 , Green and Ray really are in sync . More on that later .
Green would again beat Jefferson on a quick little double move near the end of the third quarter this time for 38 yards . The Argonauts would soon a short field goal pushing their small lead to 16-12 .
The final big play for Green really underscores the level of trust that Ray has in his new target . There are so many different statistical indicators to measure how good a receiver is and so many eye ball moments that confirm what the numbers say but one of the most foolproof ways of knowing if a player is good is a simple one : Does the quarterback have faith in him ? On a big down , under pressure will the quarterback look his way ? That was answered with less than three minutes to go in a one point game with Toronto again backed up deep in their own territory . Ray was under a great deal of pressure and he just launched it to a spot where he hoped Green would be . Forde called it a “ leap of faith ” throw because when Ray released the ball Green was nowhere near the empty space on the field where Ray intended his throw to go . But just like he had done all night Green was in the right place at the right time . It 's almost like they had been playing together for a decade and not just one training camp and three games .
I 'm glad I have been wrong about my S.J . Green prediction , here 's hoping they continue to prove me wrong for the rest of the year .
Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist tangles with Capitals right wing Joel Ward during the Stanley Cup Eastern Conference semifinals in May . ( Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post )
Peter DeBoer never liked injecting himself into the pursuit of free agents unless the player asked to chat , but this summer he bucked protocol . Hired in late May to coach the San Jose Sharks , he surveyed the holes that needed filling . He saw vacancies among the top-six forwards , penalty-killing squad and second power-play unit . He also felt the Sharks needed a greater veteran presence , perhaps a playoff-tested warrior known for rising to the occasion .
In essence , he saw Joel Ward .
So when General Manager Doug Wilson informed his bench boss that the 34-year-old right winger was available , that the Washington Capitals were unlikely to re-sign Ward , DeBoer started recruiting . He knew Ward from coaching Team Canada at the 2014 world championships , and he knew Ward could address San Jose 's needs .
“ If we did n't get him , I did n't want to have any regrets that I did n't reach out , ” DeBoer said . “ I did n't want to lose a night of sleep because I did n't want to pick up the phone . ”
At home in Toronto , resting after another second-round playoff exit by the Capitals , Ward understood his time in Washington had ended . He and his agent wanted a four-year deal , one final haul before one- and two-year offers ushered Ward into the twilight of his career ; the Capitals would n't budge from a short-term offer . Ward spent the late June days fretting over the uncertainty until his girlfriend reminded him to relax . If you sit around and think all day , she told him , “ then you 're just pulling hair out of your head . ”
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Capitals defeat Islanders in Game 7 View Photos Washington advances to the Eastern Conference semifinals and will face the New York Rangers next . Caption Washington advances to the Eastern Conference semifinals and will face the New York Rangers next . Washington Capitals center Evgeny Kuznetsov celebrates after his team ousted the New York Islanders in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals , 2-1 , at Verizon Center . Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
So Ward played hockey and hung out with friends . Then DeBoer called . They discussed his potential role with the Sharks , who wanted Ward on the first or second line , and recalled memories from the world championships , when Ward led Canada — upset during the knockout stage — with nine points in eight games .
Finalizing the parameters took time , mainly because other free agent right-wingers such as Justin Williams and Matt Beleskey had a ripple effect on the market . But before long , the contract with San Jose was done : three years , $ 3.25 million in average annual value , a return to the Western Conference , a new home across the continent and a formal farewell after four seasons in D.C .
“ Obviously I wanted to come back . Just could n't work out a deal on both ends , ” Ward said . “ At some point , you realize that you 're not going to be back and you move forward . You 're definitely hoping to come back initially , then as you realize things may not work out that way , you move forward .
“ I maybe thought [ it was possible ] for a while . To be honest with you , I just did n't really have much communication with the team , so I assumed I was done . There was some preliminary talk . To me , I 'm a big boy , man . I get it . It 's part of the business . ”
But the business has taken him from Washington , where he was loved for many things . He was a jokester able to laugh at himself , whether for getting trapped inside a Dallas hotel bathroom or being asked questions for a story about his butt . His nickname was “ Big Cheese. ” He was respected inside the locker room , a put-your-head-down-and-work type known for scoring in high-traffic areas , always emerging from board battles with the puck on his stick . And he created a grand tradition called “ Reggae Saturdays , ” when only that genre of music is allowed in the locker room . In 35 postseason games , he notched 18 points , more than any other teammate over that span except Nicklas Backstrom and Alex Ovechkin .
During a lengthy telephone conversation over the weekend , the memories came to Ward at warp speed . “ You 've got me thinking now , ” he said , rattling off everything he would miss in the District . Tossing a baseball pregame with equipment assistant Dave Marin . Training with strength coach Mark Nemish . Attending Washington Wizards games with owner Ted Leonsis . The pizza at Graffiato across from Verizon Center , the rotisserie chicken at Super Pollo near Kettler Capitals Iceplex , the Alaskan king crabs from Joe 's Seafood on 15th .
“ I have n't done my formal tweet yet , ” he said . “ I might do that today . How do you say bye to everybody who treated you so well ? Shoot , I have so many good memories , not just on the ice but off the ice , too . ”
After all , who could forget his overtime winner in Game 7 at TD Garden in 2012 , which unfortunately spawned racist tweets from Bruins fans but nonetheless added to Ward 's reputation as a playoff hero ? And how about a similar feat this spring , when a second-period backhander put the Capitals up 1-0 over the New York Islanders in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals ?
“ Big moments , key moments , just getting it done , ” said Barry Trotz , who also coached Ward for three seasons in Nashville .
Said DeBoer : “ I do n't think that 's an accident that there are a handful of guys who , year in and year out , come up big at that time of the year . I consider Joel Ward one of those guys . ”
That 's why DeBoer picked up the phone .
“ It 's a new challenge , new chapter , and I think initially after the season 's done you 're hoping to be back initially , ” Ward said . “ Then things do n't work out that way , and then you wrap your head around it . You realize what 's next and what 's forward . You just let go . For me , just excited . It 's a new stage . ”
Note : Washington is finalizing a two-way , one-year deal with forward Zach Still , boosting its organizational depth up the middle by adding the 27-year-old unrestricted free agent .
Sill logged his first full NHL season in 2014-15 , splitting 63 games between the Penguins and Maple Leafs .
The terms of the deal were not immediately known .
H/T Inlet Marsh
Acting on a lead from Inlet Marsh regarding Pizzagate , the pedophile/human trafficking scandal allegedly involving many well-known politicians , I found many sources reporting the same thing .
According to “ an FBI insider , ” there will be 70 arrests made this week in Washington and New York of famous politicians involved in the human trafficking of children . The FBI insider did not name names , but did provide the initials of many on the arrest list , which matched the names of known persons already suspected to be involved .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to Powdered Wig Society updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : VIDEO : 20 years ago private citizen Trump told Tim Russert and Wolf Blitzer his plan for dealing with North Korea . He is now doing EXACTLY that
The source of the viral story appears to be this anonymous post on 4chan… . Pizzagate . I am simply relaying what I have found . Part of me says this is fake news , part of me says this is very real . We will see . This is obviously NOT something the mainstream media will report , as it is very damaging to their bosses on the left . Use your own judgement .
Pizzagate arrests have already been made on the west coast , according to this source .
FILE PHOTO -- A Verizon sign is seen at a retail store in San Diego , California , U.S. on April 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
( Reuters ) - Verizon Communications Inc said on Wednesday it would offer its high-speed wireless 5G network to certain customers in 11 U.S. cities in the first half of 2017 .
Verizon will begin pilot testing 5G `` pre-commercial services '' in cities , including Atlanta , Dallas , Denver , Houston , Miami , Seattle and Washington , D.C .
The company had said last July that it laid out plans to conduct trials for its 5G network this year .
New 5G networks are expected to provide speeds at least 10 times and up to maybe 100 times faster than today 's 4G networks , with the potential to connect at least 100 billion devices with download speeds that can reach 10 gigabits per second .
AT & T Inc said in January that it planned to test its high-speed wireless 5G network for customers of its online streaming television service , DirecTv Now , in Austin , Texas .
( Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D'Couto )
BloqLabs is Born , Bridging Enterprises With Open Source
Jeff Garzik and Matthew Roszak 's Bloq continues to evolve into a foundation for professionalism , experimentation , and standard-setting in the blockchain community with its newly baptized BloqLabs .
If Blockchain Technology is the new Superman in the Information Technology field , then petty bickering and immaturity amongst developers and entrepreneurs are the kryptonite that has defiled this budding industry . From the beginning , an adolescent disposition has been Bitcoin 's ( and other Cryptocurrencies ' ) poison apple , making it undesirable to the mainstream and the established business community alike . An ubiquitous juvenile attitude among its community has unfairly smeared and contaminated this new , fascinating utilitarian tool for restructuring inefficient legacy systems of governance and business .
Still , there remain a few sanctums of civility where affable and civil people are attempting to do good work apart from the harmful quibbling . With its acquisition of Skry ( previously known as Coinalytics ) in February , Bloq has gained a mighty tool capable of AI and machine learning to analyze blockchain data and efficiency . “ Blockchain networks will create the greatest data sets we 've ever seen , ” said Matthew Roszak , Chairman and Co-founder of Bloq .
“ Leveraging machine learning techniques will enable faster and enhanced decision making , while uncovering insights and massive opportunities along the way . ”
BloqLabs was launched in March to offer sponsorship and support to open-source projects in the blockchain ecosystem while bridging open source methods of software development with enterprises and professionals who generally come from a privatized background , and might not understand the benefits of open-source collaboration . Jeff Garzik is one of the early developers and pioneers of Bitcoin and also worked for more than ten years as a developer for Red Hat Linux .
Open source ( the bazaar ) as a software engineering method has been time-proven to be superior to closed source ( the cathedral ) software development . For one , it is subject to peer review and anyone can offer feedback and point out errors or better models . The fundamental premise of open-source engineering is that it is transparent and allows for a much more rapid pace of development producing secure and hard-tested software . In addition to the Linux operating system , Bitcoin is an example of open-source software . In fact , there is not a website on the internet today which has not been built in part on open-source software .
Open Source is The Way To Go
“ The record is clear : open source is the way to go – it 's better , faster , and more secure , ” said Paul Sztorc , the chief architect behind the Drivechains project . “ I 'm thrilled to have Bloq sponsor the project ; few companies are this generous . ”
Patrick Dai , co-founder of the Qtum Project , explains , “ Businesses have been exploring blockchain technology for years now but without widespread adoption . BloqLabs aligns with Qtum 's goal to bridge the gap between the business and technical worlds with open-source solutions that meet the commercial needs for privacy , security , and most importantly , usability . ”
The goals of decentralization are aligned with the methods of open source engineering , which makes blockchains and open source programming an excellent match . As more enterprise level companies and organizations begin to restructure legacy systems with blockchain systems , the importance of an open , distributed , transparent approach must be emphasized as a key factor in maintaining the security of these blockchain solutions .
BloqLabs initial projects include Drivechains , Qtum , VeriBlock , bitcoinj and the Android Bitcoin Wallet . Advisors at Bloq include Gavin Andresen , William Mougayar , and Nick Szabo . Andreas Schildbach , a developer at Bloq , and known for developing the first bitcoin wallet for Android commented , “ Open source is at the core of Bloq 's DNA , as both a patron and developer . I 'm grateful for Bloq sponsoring work in open source blockchain software. ” Schildbach also maintains the bitcoinj repository primarily used in bitcoin wallets and transaction services globally .
For any organization to be sustainable , it must have clear principles , transparent goals , and a mission beyond simply making money . These things act as guides to lead it on and push it forward beyond disputes and differences of opinion , allowing for growth and evolution .
Referring to Donald Trump , Garzik illustrates , “ It 's very easy for a populist candidate to get a lot of support . Translating that back into the Bitcoin analogy , you do n't want mob rule to dictate where Bitcoin goes . The best attempt at solving this problem is to be very public about what we 're doing as developers and soliciting input from key Bitcoin actors and as many users as we can . ”
Garzik goes on to stress the importance that open-source development , and Bitcoin especially , is all about merit :
“ As a developer , you have to prove yourself as a new entrant in the marketplace of ideas , and you do n't do it based on your words or your looks or your personality , it 's your code output . ”
Decentralization and open source are not just methods of engineering ; they are also principles in which new ideas and new foundations can be built to restructure broken systems . Hopefully , experimentation with clear principles in mind will lead Bloq and BloqLabs over the horizon of feuding and discord that has been so harmful to this flowering technology and push it forward onto more worthy ambitions .
CLEARWATER -- The Clearwater Police Department has taken a man into custody after he was accused of driving through the north part of Clearwater Beach while being pursued by law enforcement .
According to police , Ryan Michael Stiles , 27 , of Pinellas Park drove north through the sand all the way until he reached Caladesi Island . He reportedly hit chairs and umbrellas .
Stiles has been charged with DUI , driving with a suspended license , reckless driving , fleeing and eluding , hit and run with property damage , felony criminal mischief and threatening a public servant . He could face more charges , police said .
Police said the first call came in about 4:26 p.m. of a possible drunken driver at U.S. 19 and Gulf-to-Bay Boulevard . The caller said he saw Stiles broadcasting his drive on Facebook Live .
Another call came in from California .
Stiles drove west on Clearwater Beach and entered the beach at the dead end at Papaya Street at 4:41 p.m. Nine minutes later , he was taken into custody on the north tip of Caladesi Island .
During his drive , he struck a vehicle east of Island Way , causing minor damage but no injuries .
< p > Officials say the vehicle on the left drove onto the beach while its driver was on Facebook Live. < /p >
The officer who spoke at the presser said Stiles was incoherent on the scene , but he was n't listening specifically to what he was saying so he does n't know if he gave any excuses or reasons why beyond what he said in the Facebook Live .
A video posted to Stiles 's Facebook account shows him driving while being pursued by law enforcement , and out the vehicle 's window you can see he 's driving on a beach .
According to Clearwater police , Stiles ' destructive ways continued in the holding cell , where he took off his belt , swung it and broke glass in the door .
The reckless driver was also reckless in our holding.cell . He took off his belt and swung it around and shattered the glass in the door . pic.twitter.com/9DawwGsGfV — @ myclearwaterPD ( @ myclearwaterPD ) July 21 , 2017
No injuries have been reported from the incident .
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul ( Steve Marcus/Las Vegas Sun via AP )
As Sen. Rand Paul prepares for a live online event tonight — his answer to being excluded from the Fox Business prime-time debate — a super PAC that once worried his campaign is readying some good news . Concerned American Voters , run by former Freedomworks president Matt Kibbe and Young Americans for Liberty President Jeff Frazee , raised about $ 3 million in the third fundraising quarter . All of that has been pointed at voter contact efforts in the Iowa and Nevada caucuses . And in an interview , Frazee suggested that the campaign had identified enough potential Paul supporters to win the caucuses .
`` We 're waiting for Rand to catch fire , '' Frazee said . `` If that happens in Iowa , there are millions of dollars sitting on the sidelines , waiting for him . ''
Concerned American Voters got off the ground in June , and since then it has made 1.1 million voter contacts in Iowa to identify 37,352 likely caucus goers . They 've been marked as certain to support , likely to support , or maybe to support Paul . ( Frazee did not go into detail on the size of each sector . )
In the event that all of those voters , or just four in five of them , turned out for Paul , the candidate will have wildly defied the polls and possibly won the caucuses . In his hair 's breadth 2012 caucus victory , former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum did not quite win 30,000 votes . Yet Paul , said Frazee , really and truly had built on his father 's 2012 Iowa network . He had more caucus captains , 1,019 , then anyone else who had announced them ; he had , through Concerned American Voters , a grass-roots organization in no danger of flipping to anyone else .
What neither Frazee nor Paul knew was how the candidate 's decision to boycott tonight 's debate would affect that base . Concerned American Voters was not the first outside group to pledge a grass-roots , voter-dragging campaign ; Billionaire and poker player Andy Beal , Whole Foods founder John Mackey , billionaire options trader Jeffrey Yass and original Uber investor Scott Banister . In the 48 hours since his boycott announcement , Paul had received the most intense media coverage since a pre-Trump heyday .
`` I think it helps with activists , '' said Matt Kibbe . `` I have n't talked to any donors yet , but one thing we 've always wanted to do is raise money from small ' l ' libertarians , and what they want is for Rand to be himself . He 's sort of been unleashed . ''
Paul , meanwhile , is continuing the media tour . He appeared on `` The Daily Show '' for the first time Wednesday night , taking part in a `` singles debate '' with new host Trevor Noah . And before his town hall , he 'll make a return appearance on MSNBC 's `` Hardball . ''
An online invitation to Rand Paul 's Thursday night town hall .
It 's unclear whether Paul will make the main stage in the next Republican debate , to be hosted by Fox News in Des Moines on Jan. 28 .
For more than sixty-five years , up until his death , on May 6th , at the age of eighty-nine , William Nunn , Jr. , served as a one-man pipeline bringing talented football players from historically black colleges into the National Football League . As a sports columnist in the African-American media and , later , as a scout for the Pittsburgh Steelers , he made sure that such gridiron brilliance would not be ignored . In both parts of his career , he was a pivotal figure in the full desegregation of what is now the most popular spectator sport in the United States .
From 1975 to 1980 , the Steelers ' four Super Bowl championship teams abounded in players whom Nunn had found in black colleges : the defensive backs Mel Blount , from Southern , and Donnie Shell , from South Carolina State ; the receivers John Stallworth , from Alabama A . & M. , and Frank Lewis , from Grambling ; and the defensive linemen L. C. Greenwood , from Arkansas A. M. & N. , and Ernie Holmes , from Texas Southern .
All of these achievements resulted from a decision that Nunn had made decades earlier , as a teen-ager . Nunn was a star basketball player at Pittsburgh 's Westinghouse High School in the early nineteen-forties , and he yearned to play for Clair Bee , a legendary coach at Long Island University . But his father , William Nunn , Sr. , who was the managing editor of the Pittsburgh Courier , one of the nation 's leading black newspapers , was bothered that his son had not had a single black teacher in high school . He wanted Bill , Jr. , to attend a black college . Nunn enrolled at West Virginia State University . He did play varsity basketball there , and , even more important , he started writing press releases about the college football team . After graduating in 1948 , Nunn turned down an offer from the Harlem Globetrotters to become a reporter at the Courier , where he covered black college football .
Back then , there was no ESPN , no sports talk radio , no Twitter or Facebook . The N.C.A.A . permitted only two or three games to be televised on a typical Saturday , and those games featured the legacy teams that were largely , if not entirely , white . John Merritt , the longtime coach of Tennessee State , bitterly joked that black college teams like his played “ behind God 's back. ” James Harris , who was a star quarterback at Grambling before becoming the first black player to regularly start for an N.F.L . team , once said , “ We had to talk trash because it was the only publicity we got . ”
College football , as a kind of civic religion in the South , was deeply embedded in the Jim Crow regime . Until about 1970 , nearly every major state university or private college south of the Mason-Dixon Line fielded an entirely white football team . Alabama , Mississippi , Louisiana State , Georgia , Texas—schools that desegregated their student bodies , however begrudgingly , in the early nineteen-sixties kept their football teams lily-white for nearly another decade . The region 's newspapers , except for the handful that supported civil rights editorially , ignored the extraordinary black teams , players , and coaches in their midst . The box scores of the black-college games were indifferently assembled and riddled with errors .
The modern-era N.F.L . was desegregated in 1946 , when Kenny Washington signed with the Los Angeles Rams , but black players remained a small minority . Coaches and executives in the N.F.L.—with a few exceptions , like George Halas , of the Bears , Vince Lombardi , of the Packers , and Paul Brown , of the Browns—seemed to assume that they did n't need to bother looking for talent at obscure black colleges . The Washington Redskins remained all white into the sixties , integrating only under pressure from the Kennedy Administration .
The upstart A.F.L. , in contrast , had been plucking players from black colleges since its founding , in 1960 , partly owing to the coverage by journalists such as Nunn , Sam Lacey , of the Baltimore Afro-American , and Marion Jackson , of the Atlanta Daily World . Beginning in 1950 , Nunn selected the Courier 's All-America team , one of the chief ways of publicizing black-college standouts to the pros .
For a long time , Nunn 's home town Steelers drafted very few of the players he touted in the Courier . Nunn complained to Dan Rooney , whose family owned the team , and wound up being hired as a scout , in 1967 . In that position , Nunn joined the first wave of black N.F.L . scouts , which also included Tank Younger , of the Rams , and Lloyd Wells , of the Kansas City Chiefs .
“ We felt there was going to be change , ” Nunn told me when I interviewed him , in 2010 , for my book “ Breaking the Line. ” “ One guy would make a move here , another would make a move there . One guy came into the pros and did a job , then you got another guy in . ”
“ Had it not been for the likes of Bill Nunn or the likes of Lloyd Wells , we would not have had that pipeline , ” R. C. Gamble , who was a star halfback at South Carolina State before his pro career with the Patriots , said . “ Those guys , being in the position they were in , were key to make the owners aware that you got to look beyond the proving grounds you 've been digging at . We got a lot of ‘ firsts ' in pro football because of them . ”
During football season , Nunn would travel to the most important black-college matchup on any given weekend . He would gather intelligence on top players from the coaches and sports-information directors whom he trusted as friends , and then he would assess those athletes with his own metrics in mind . After the game , Nunn would go to the Saturday-night campus dance to see which players were “ light on their feet ” and which linemen , in particular , could “ sink their hips ” easily—a clue to how well they could drive block . Nunn understood , too , why coaches like Grambling 's Eddie Robinson refused to let their quarterbacks run the forty-yard dash . A fast time would provide the rationale for a pro team to switch the quarterback to receiver or defensive back—a common occurrence at a time when conventional , bigoted “ wisdom ” held that no black man was smart enough or poised enough to be the field general .
However , not all the stories of the players Nunn brought to the Steelers ended well . In 1972 , the team drafted the quarterback Joe Gilliam , Jr. , out of Tennessee State . The son of Nunn 's college teammate , Gilliam seemed bound to fully crack the N.F.L . 's quarterback color barrier . He put up a 4-1-1 record as the starter , in 1974 , before being benched in favor of Terry Bradshaw , who led the Steelers to their first Super Bowl . Within two years , Gilliam was out of football altogether and headed toward a struggle with drug addiction , which contributed to his death , at the age of forty-nine .
Dan Rooney , the team 's owner during most of Nunn 's tenure , was integral in devising the requirement that N.F.L . teams interview at least one minority candidate for top coaching and executive positions , which became known as the Rooney Rule . Mike Tomlin , an African-American head coach , has led the Steelers to two Super Bowls ; in 2006 , they won the championship .
When Michael Hurd started researching his definitive book “ Black College Football : 1892-1992 , ” Nunn was one of the first people he called . “ Bill Nunn and other writers in the black media put a face on black college football and brought it out of the shadows , ” he told me . “ Talk about a giant . ”
Samuel G. Freedman is the author of “ Breaking the Line : The Season in Black College Football That Transformed the Game and Changed the Course of Civil Rights . ”
Above : Bill Nunn , Sr. , is inducted into the first class of the Black College Football Hall of Fame , on February 20 , 2010 . Photograph : Don Juan Moore/AP .
The state Department of Conservation and Recreation is looking for somebody with a dream . The state agency has extended the deadline for requests-for-proposals to rehabilitate , operate and maintain the historic camp cottage and administration building at the 2,660-acre Upton State Forest
The state Department of Conservation and Recreation is looking for somebody with a dream .
The state agency has extended the deadline for requests-for-proposals to rehabilitate , operate and maintain the historic camp cottage and administration building at the 2,660-acre Upton State Forest until 5 p.m. July 27 .
The camp cottage , built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps , was used in the past as an infirmary , National Guard Center and office for the state Division of Fisheries and Wildlife .
The DCR is seeking proposals for the reuse and rehabilitation of the cottage only or for both the cottage and the nearby administration building with the condition that the center part of the administration building be available to the DCR and community groups to use for education programs , special events and meetings , DCR spokesman S.J . Port said .
The DCR will continue to own the two buildings and whomever is awarded the work will enter into a lease arrangement with the DCR , Ms . Port said .
The CCC was a public relief program that existed from 1933 until 1942 that gave unemployed single men between 17 and 23 the opportunity to work on various building projects on public land .
“ The buildings in Upton State Forest are one of the few remaining examples in the country of the work done by the CCC , ” said Kevin M. Allen , Historic Curatorship Program manager for the DCR
Through the DCR 's Historic Curatorship Program , “ outside parties ” rehabilitate and maintain a historic property in return for credit toward a long-term lease .
Mr. Allen said if somebody decides to rehabilitate one or both of the buildings , they would not pay a set lease price to the DCR but , instead , would be responsible for fixing up and maintaining the structures .
“ The agency is looking for somebody who has a vision that works for them , ” Mr. Allen said . “ We 're hoping that somebody out there has a dream . We 'll know in a couple of weeks if someone has that vision . ”
Mr. Allen said there are three CCC-built structures in Douglas State Forest and three others in Brimfield State Forest , although three others were lost in the June 1 , 2011 , tornado that ripped through the forest .
Since the program started in 1994 , more than $ 14 million in private funds has been leveraged toward the preservation of some of the state 's unused but significant properties , according to a DCR press release that said 16 properties across the state have been fixed up through the program . Current uses include single-family homes , artists ' lofts , event and lodging facilities .
Mr. Allen said one family in another part of the state turned a CCC facility into a home and one of the children who lived there is going to be studying conservation issues when the student goes to college .
An open house for the two buildings was held Tuesday and Mr. Allen said a “ couple ” of people stopped by to look them over .
He said if no proposals are forthcoming later this month , DCR officials will try to figure out why people are not interested in the historically significant properties .
The wood-frame one-story CCC cottage that has been unused for about 10 years is about 1,300 square feet in size but the area almost doubles in size when the basement is included . The administration building is about 3,200 square feet , Mr. Allen said . It has been used for meetings and education programs in recent years , he added .
The buildings were intended to be temporary structures but after the camp closed in 1938 they were turned over to the state and modified for other uses . At the time the work was completed , the state forest contained more than a dozen CCC-built buildings , including several barracks that were turned into barns . Now just the CCC cottage and administration building remain .
“ Time has taken its toll on the camp over the last few decades and today only two buildings and the original parade ground survive intact , ” Mr. Allen said .
Electronic copies of the request-for-proposals as well as more details on the Historic Curatorship Program can be obtained by visiting the DCR website , mass.gov/dcr/stewardship/curator .
Oba Chandler was executed in 2011 for the killings of a mother and her two daughters with investigators certain he had killed other women .
The facts of the triple murder portrayed a killer who enjoyed his work . In 1989 , Chandler dumped the bodies of the Ohio women into Tampa Bay after binding their limbs and tying concrete blocks to their necks .
`` He did n't cover their eyes because he liked tormenting them and seeing the fear in their eyes , '' said retired St. Petersburg Detective Cindy `` Cindra '' Leedy .
Investigators ' suspicions about other victims were confirmed this week as police in South Florida announced Chandler had been linked by his DNA to the killing of a 20-year-old Davie woman abducted in 1990 .
Cold case detectives said DNA evidence in the killing of Ivelisse Berrios-Beguerisse , who was asphyxiated , was recently retested using more sophisticated techniques than were available in the 1990s and proved Chandler raped and killed her .
`` If not for Chandler 's execution , he would be . . . charged with the murder , '' Coral Springs police said in a written statement .
`` It was n't a shocker to see his name come up , '' Coral Springs Detective Dan Cucchi said Tuesday .
Chandler , 65 when he died , was convicted and sentenced to death in 1994 for the killing of Joan `` Jo '' Rogers , 36 , and daughters Michelle , 17 , and Christe , 14 , who were found floating in Tampa Bay in 1989 .
The family was on vacation when Chandler lured them onto his boat , police said .
Their murders were the subject of a Tampa Bay Times series by reporter Thomas French called `` Angels & Demons . '' French won the 1998 Pulitzer Prize in feature writing for the stories .
Hal Rogers , an Ohio farmer whose family was killed by Chandler , said in an interview he was not surprised to hear the news of another victim .
`` I just knew he was one bad egg , '' said Rogers . `` Some things take a while to come to light . They normally do eventually . ''
It took three years to crack the Rogers ' case .
First their murders were linked to the rape of a 24-year-old Canadian woman two weeks prior . A local invited her on his boat and raped her . She survived .
A Tampa resident realized that the sketch of the rape suspect matched her neighbor , Chandler . Later , his neighbors realized that handwritten directions given to the Rogers family and later displayed by police on billboards also matched Chandler 's handwriting .
But the task force investigating the murders was flooded with tips . It took more than a year before they focused on Chandler .
Cucchi said Chandler 's name did not surface in the Coral Springs case until 1992 — after he was identified as the killer of the Rogers women .
Coral Springs police then learned that Chandler had lived 1.5 miles from the Sunrise mall in Broward County where Berrios-Beguerisse worked and was abducted .
Cucchi said police discovered Chandler abruptly left his home in Sunrise two or three days after Berrios-Beguerisse was killed .
`` The landlady said he even left furniture behind , '' Cucchi said .
Berrios-Beguerisse did not return home from work after finishing her shift the night of Nov. 26 , 1990 . Her worried husband found her car in a mall parking lot and called police .
His wife 's nude body was found dumped in neighboring Coral Springs a few hours later .
`` Chandler was trolling for victims that night , '' Cucchi said .
Investigators took swabs from Berrios-Beguerisse 's body . But tests by the Broward Sheriff 's Office lab could not confirm any semen . The lab said the samples were not suitable for further testing .
Even had a DNA profile been created from the swabs in 1990 , a sample of Chandler 's DNA would not be taken by the state until his 1994 conviction for the Rogers ' murders .
The swabs taken in the Coral Springs case were saved and , remarkably , had not degraded .
In August 2013 , detectives decided to take another look at the investigative file .
The swabs were retested using modern techniques .
`` We did n't have high hopes for it , '' Cucchi said .
The lab was able to confirm a match to Chandler , whose DNA was in a state criminal database .
Berrios-Beguerisse 's family declined to comment .
Pinellas investigators believed Chandler was linked to other abductions and rapes dating as far back as 1963 . But retired Pinellas prosecutor Bruce Bartlett said time decreases the chances of solving other cases .
`` Chandler was a pretty sharp criminal as criminals go , '' Bartlett said . `` He was good at covering his tracks . ''
Times researcher John Martin contributed to this report .
Internationally , in terms of cyclist fatalities per million population ( Figure 2 ) , London had fewer cyclist fatalities in 2012 than many other cities such as Amsterdam and New York .
So , looking at this graph , you might think that London ( in yellow ) is fantastically safe ! Just look how much lower the number of fatalities there are , compared to Amsterdam , per capita . London had just 1.7 cycling fatalities in 2012 per million population , where Amsterdam had 6.5 – nearly four times higher .
But of course this is an entirely misleading comparison . It does n't take into account the fact that , across London , cycling only accounts for around 2 % of all trips made , whereas in Amsterdam cycling accounts for nearly 40 % of all trips made . There is much , much more cycling in Amsterdam per capita , so comparing cycling fatalities purely on a per capita basis is absurd . It 's like concluding it 's much safer to cycle in London than in Amsterdam if you have a Dutch name , because many more people with Dutch names are killed cycling in Amsterdam than in London .
This is the same logic that led Mike Penning to argue
I think the Netherlands may want to come and see us , to see how we are making sure that so few people are killed cycling
And ( more recently ) Denis McShane to suggest
@ patmcfaddenmp @ KenPenton Cycle deaths much higher in France than UK and truly awful in the Netherlands — Denis MacShane ( @ DenisMacShane ) July 7 , 2014
How much of this is down to stupidity or dishonesty is hard to tell . You would certainly think Transport for London and a Transport Under-Secretary ( as Penning was , at the time ) should know better .
The other thing that 's worth mentioning here – beyond the failure to use an appropriate rate – is that , in Amsterdam , children and the elderly ( both more vulnerable groups , for different reasons ) ride bikes in large numbers .
24 % of all trips made by Dutch over-65s are cycled , while in London 95 % of over-65s never cycle . If people that are , in general , more frail – and more likely to suffer death than a younger person in an equivalent incident – are n't cycling at all , that will have a further skewing effect on casualty figures .
Thanks to the Road Danger Reduction Forum , who spotted this ‘ measurement ' issue .
Plenty of blokes start riding from a young age , and that was certainly the case for Brad – however what sets him apart from most is he also started building and customising his bikes from a young age . If only we could all say we rode our own custom bike during our High School years .
Brad started his life of bikes bashing around his family 's property with his Dad on an XR250 ever since he was a toddler , and as soon as he was big enough he was then riding on his own . “ What got me into bikes was the fact that I could roam around freely on a motor powered vehicle as a child , which is something pretty special . One bike in particular that I first rode was a Deckson mini bike – it 's been in the family since the 80 's . Ever since I can remember I 've been into bikes , whether it 's dirt bikes , sports bikes or Harleys . ”
This addiction for bikes was given a kickstart when he started searching for his first road bike , “ I was able to get my bike licence sooner than my car licence , so Dad suggested I keep an eye out for a classic Japanese bike to turn into a Café Racer ” And sure enough Brad came across a 1979 DOHC Honda CB750 for cheap that was just screaming for a makeover .
“ It took me just under a year to build the bike , but not without with plenty of sound advice and a little financial help from Dad ( let 's face it , I was making about $ 100 a week when I was 16 ) Dad and I did everything on this bike , from powder coating the rims , new S/S spokes , I even made my own fiberglass seat using plaster of paris to make the shape , to then moving all the switches . We did all this in the pergola out the back as we never had a garage in our old place . ”
This was all great fun , and important , in learning more about bikes and what Brad wanted from his speed machine . It would sure enough be time to step up again in the bike world , and a trip to Canberra Harley-Davidson would prove more fruitful than he 'd expect . “ I got rid of the Honda when I was 18 , checking out an old Evo Softail which I took out for a test ride . As I was riding around , the bike salesman fancied my Honda chopper sitting out the front and made me an offer on it as soon as I got back , and so this became an instant trade in and off I got with my first Harley ! ”
This would be the first of what will ( no doubt ) be many . Brad 's current bike is a 1975 Harley-Davidson XLH1000 Sportster he picked up in Wagga Wagga earlier this year . “ Although it was already set up as the bike of my dreams , I could n't help but make it my own . This bike in particular already had a rigid frame , wheel combination and other small parts that fit the bill for the style I was after so it made for the perfect base for a complete ground up rebuild . This would be my first real Harley . ”
“ Why do I love Harleys ? Because choppers… I 've always had a love for vintage bikes and cars , but never jumped too far out of the box as far as having one for myself . This all changed when I picked up the Sportster and the disease is deeply embedded now . Building a chopper is the hot rodding of motorcycles , the ability to build a totally unique bike using parts you either have lying around or find , and making a lot of things from scratch is a totally life-changing experience . The thing I love the most about an old school Harley is their simplicity and characteristics – they can bring you so much joy and so much frustration all in the same day . ”
Brad 's garage is a mix of bikes , frames and parts . All projects he 's working on are either for others or himself . It 's not all choppers however – “ The kind of work I might do for other people 's bikes would be stuff like café racer tail loops and exhausts and 5 foot sissy bars . I 'm also working on a couple of complete bikes for either friends or for me to sell so I can fund the next project .
A lot of angle grinding goes on in the garage , the bike work is never limited to Harleys and I 've got a passion for all things motorcycle – as long as it 's built before 1980 . I have a few years left yet before I start worrying about comfort and electric start ”
Originally scheduled for Friday , the Civil War will move to Saturday , during an off day for the PK80 basketball invitational .
EUGENE , Ore. – Fans of Oregon football and men 's basketball will be able to watch both teams in showcase events the final weekend of November .
The Civil War football game , originally scheduled for Friday , Nov. 24 , has been moved back a day to Saturday in coordination with ESPN , which will televise the PK80 basketball tournament in Portland that same weekend . The UO men 's basketball team , which played in this year 's Final Four , is participating in the event , with games Thursday , Friday and Sunday of that weekend .
Oregon and Oregon State will meet in the Civil War football game at Autzen Stadium on Nov. 25 , with kickoff time and television information to be announced . The Ducks are entering their first season under head coach Willie Taggart , and opened spring practice Wednesday .
That presents the possibility of a doubleheader featuring UO football and the women 's basketball program , which reached the Elite Eight this season and returns all five starters . The UO women are hosting a four-team event called the PK Invitational in Matthew Knight on Nov. 25 , in which the Ducks will face Oklahoma and Connecticut will play Michigan State .
The men 's PK 80 , named to honor the 80th birthday of Nike co-founder Phil Knight , begins Thursday , Nov. 23 , and features two eight-team tournaments to be played at the Rose Garden and Veterans Memorial Coliseum . Participating schools include Arkansas , Butler , Connecticut , Duke , Florida , Georgetown , 2016-2017 NCAA runner-up Gonzaga , Michigan State , newly crowned national champion North Carolina , Ohio State , Oklahoma , Oregon , Portland , Portland State , Stanford and Texas .
Also this week , it was announced by the Mountain West Conference that Oregon 's game Sept. 16 at Wyoming will kick off at 4 p.m. PT , and will be televised by CBS Sports Network .
Donald Trump has walked back his false claim that Barack Obama founded Isis , tweeting on Friday morning that he was only being sarcastic .
Focusing on CNN 's reports on his original comments , the Republican candidate wrote :
Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) Ratings challenged @ CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama ( and Clinton ) `` the founder '' of ISIS , & MVP . THEY DO N'T GET SARCASM ?
On Thursday , Trump had refused to take the opportunity to reframe his remark to mean that Obama had created the context for the Islamic State 's growth . Conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt told him : “ I know what you meant – you meant that he created the vacuum , he lost the peace . ”
But Trump disagreed . “ No , I meant that he 's the founder of Isis , I do , ” he said . “ He was the most valuable player – I gave him the most valuable player award . I give her too , by the way , ” he added of his Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton .
Secret Trump voters reverse their support : 'He seems to be insane ' Read more
Trump did acknowledge that the root of his argument was that if Obama “ had done things properly , you would n't have had Isis ” , but he repeated : “ Therefore , he was the founder of Isis . ”
Trump first claimed Obama was “ the founder of Isis ” on Wednesday night at a rally in Sunrise , Florida .
“ Isis is honoring President Obama , ” Trump said of Islamic State . “ He is the founder of Isis . He founded Isis . And , I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton . ”
On Thursday night at a rally in Florida , he repeated the claim , explaining that if the president had maintained a small force in Iraq , he could have prevented the militant group 's rise .
Clinton has attacked Trump for the remarks , writing on Twitter : “ It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it , but his smear against President Obama requires it .
“ No , Barack Obama is not the founder of Isis . Anyone willing to sink so low , so often should never be allowed to serve as our commander-in-chief . ”
The Isis controversy comes after Trump faced backlash over his hint that gun rights supporters might attack Clinton , something that seemed to cause genuine shock in a country that has grown used to Trump pushing the boundaries of appropriate political discourse .
Since July 's Republican convention , Clinton has taken a firm lead in the polls as Trump has struggled from controversy to controversy , pursuing a feud with the Muslim family of a dead US army captain and suggesting Russia publish any of Clinton 's missing emails it has hacked , before this week 's inflammatory remarks . The Democratic candidate is 6.3 points ahead in the latest polling average compiled by Real Clear Politics .
“ At the end , it 's either going to work or I 'm going to , you know , I 'm going to have a very , very nice long vacation , ” Trump told CNBC on Thursday .
The campaign is due to meet RNC officials in Orlando on Friday , the Associated Press reported , with both Republican officials and Trump 's staff saying the meeting is focused on the campaign in Florida and not tensions between the campaign and the GOP .
1 : No Name : 2015/02/06 13:08:37 Report this OMG instant preorder 2 : Jun : 2015/02/06 22:10:18 Report this Looks sooo damn good ! 3 : KaiserDragon : 2015/02/07 1:56:27 Report this She 's definitely saying `` I 'm Kotori ! `` ... she looks really good from the pictures .
I would really like to get her along side with Maki , but her pose is a potential leaner ?
How do you guys manage those potential `` lean '' from figures such as her ? 4 : Siva : 2015/02/07 2:45:09 Report this It is ridiculous at how much effort they put into Love Live figure . 5 : No Name : 2015/02/07 8:16:13 Report this stunning ......... 6 : Discoceris : 2015/02/12 17:13:35 Report this @ KaiserDragon
At least with Alter , leaning is n't really an issue , due to the metal rods inserted
within the figures themselves . The added stability keeps the figure from bending
or breaking under the stress . Unless you purposely leave your figure out in a very
warm and humid environment , you should not have to worry too much . 7 : KaiserDragon : 2015/02/14 2:09:55 Report this @ Discoceris
I see . That 's great to know .
Thank You very much for the information . 8 : efbiai : 2015/02/16 21:29:48 Report this In the whole series I thought Kotori was a yandere and with these eyes I 'm sure she IS a psychopath !
Still I must say this figure is gorgeous , It feels like it 's living . * 5stars * 9 : kotori con : 2015/03/15 17:50:49 Report this How dare you ! ! !
I will forgive you only if you order this . 10 : Alexander : 2015/03/27 11:51:00 Report this Gorgeous , this is the only word to describe her . 11 : veepBINAY : 2015/07/07 14:11:09 Report this Minalinsky !
Pls sing a song for me my cutie ! 12 : HalfDark : 2015/10/25 9:13:07 Report this @ efbiai
Not even close . She has her `` head-in-the-clouds '' most of the time ( rough quote from the official intro ) . She 's very gentle , calm & arguably the most passive character out of the 9 , next to maybe Eli . Nurturing in a way , for how she puts other 's before herself .
But I 'm assuming you 're just joking/not being serious .
Anyway , gorgeous figure ! Best figure I 've ever owned next to their Hyouka-Eru from a few years back ! They really know how to treat their products with care and respect ! C : 13 : Quaithe : 2017/12/27 6:44:00 Report this This figure is stunning , I love it ! < 3
Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images `` One thing I 've been thinking about this past week is the unique challenges women face in the virtual world , '' Obama told the crowd at a White House reception for Women 's History Month .
President Obama is here to support women in fight against sexist online harassment .
On Wednesday afternoon , Obama held a reception at the White House to honor Women 's History Month . His remarks on the same day Michelle Obama launched a new Let Girls Learn initiative in Austin at the South by Southwest conference earlier that morning .
President Obama discussed important topics including equal pay , education for women around the world and the online harassment women face far too often on the Internet .
`` One thing I 've been thinking about this past week is the unique challenges women face in the virtual world , '' Obama told the crowd , made up of historic women like Cecile Richards , Nancy Pelosi and the first female NFL coach Jennifer Welter . `` Last Friday , I was at South by Southwest , where the epidemic of online harassment was a topic of discussion . We know that women gamers face harassment and stalking and threats of violence from other players . When they speak out about their experiences , they 're attacked on Twitter and other social media outlets , even threatened in their homes . ''
The president highlighted how many women are speaking out against this online harassment every day -- and why their activism is so important :
What 's brought these issues to light is that there are a lot of women out there , especially young women , who are speaking out bravely about their experiences , even when they know they 'll be attacked for it -- from feminist bloggers who refuse to be silenced , to women sports reporters who are opening up about the extreme safety precautions they need to take when traveling for work . Every day , women of all ages and all backgrounds and walks of life are speaking out . And by telling their stories , by you telling your stories , women are lifting others out of the shadows and raising our collective consciousness about a problem that affects all of us .
He added that the Internet is a public space `` where women have every right to exist freely and safely '' without fear of harassment or violent responses of any kind .
Skip forward to the 40 minute mark to see President Obama 's full speech . ( Story continues below . )
`` Obviously , this is not unique to the Internet , '' Obama added . `` Women have been up against this kind of nonsense since the beginning of time . As long as women have dared to enter the public space -- whether they 're fighting for their rights or simply walking the streets , there have been times where they 've been harassed by those who apparently see the mere presence of women as a threat . ''
Gillard pressed on extra resources for troops
Updated
Prime Minister Julia Gillard has been questioned about extra resources for Australian troops while on a surprise visit to Afghanistan .
Ms Gillard is on her way to Brussels for a meeting of leaders from Europe and Asia , but first she stopped off to meet Australian troops stationed at Tarin Kowt .
Ms Gillard was briefed on the war by Australian and United States commanders .
While mingling with the soldiers , she was asked if she was planning to send more troops and equipment .
Troop numbers in Afghanistan have become a major issue in recent weeks following the publication of an email from a frontline soldier who argues Australian forces are under-resourced .
`` If we get further advice you need stuff , we 'll certainly respond to it , '' she said .
`` We review continuously and as soon as we get any recommendations we certainly deal with them urgently and do n't let them delay .
`` So if we got a recommendation from the CDF [ Chief of the Defence Force ] into our national security committee that you need something , we would deal with that immediately . ''
Ms Gillard says she is proud of how Australian troops are performing .
`` I anticipated when I came here ... that I was going to be impressed and I certainly am . We are proud of our people , they get a great job done , '' she said .
She shared a meal and watched part of the AFL Grand final .
`` Well done to Collingwood and all the Collingwood supporters in the crowd , '' she said .
Ms Gillard also visited Kabul to meet with the Afghan president Hamid Karzai .
The Europe leg of her international tour - her first overseas trip as Prime Minister - involves meetings with football 's governing body FIFA in Zurich where she will lobby for Australia 's bid to host the World Cup .
Ms Gillard will spend three days in Brussels attending the Asia-Europe Meeting ( ASEM ) , a gathering of 16 Asian leaders and the 27 members of the European Union .
She will become the first Australian Prime Minister to have attended the meeting .
ASEM is the first of four overseas summits she will attend in the coming weeks .
Meanwhile , Opposition Leader Tony Abbott is also overseas this weekend .
Mr Abbott left for the United Kingdom on Friday night to meet the British prime minister and other senior ministers .
Topics : world-politics , defence-and-national-security , defence-forces , government-and-politics , federal-government , australia , afghanistan
First posted
Giant toothed platypus unearthed
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW SOUTH WALES 5 NOV 2013
Image : Peter Schouten , tooth photo : Rebecca Pian From analysing its tooth , the playtpus species most likely fed on crayfish and small vertebrates such as frogs and turtles .
An extinct species of huge , carnivorous platypus about a metre long – the largest platypus ever found – has been discovered in the famous Riversleigh World Heritage Area of Queensland .
Unlike the living species , it had fully functional teeth that may have been used to kill and consume a wide range of animals that lived alongside it in ancient pools and lakes .
The new species , named Obdurodon tharalkooschild , has been identified from a highly distinctive tooth found in a deposit that has not been dated yet , but is likely to be between 15 and 5 million years old .
The discovery was made by Rebecca Pian , a PhD candidate at Columbia University and former UNSW Honours student , and Professor Mike Archer and Associate Professor Suzanne Hand , of the UNSW School of Biological Earth and Environmental Sciences .
Their study is published in the Journal of Vertebrate Palaeontology .
“ A new platypus species , even one that is highly incomplete , is a very important aid in developing understanding about these fascinating mammals , ” says Ms Pian , the lead author .
Based on the size of its tooth , it is estimated that the extinct species would have been twice the size of the modern platypus .
“ Like other platypuses , it was probably a mostly aquatic mammal , and would have lived in and around the freshwater pools in the forests that covered the Riversleigh area millions of years ago , ” says UNSW 's Associate Professor Hand .
“ Obdurodon tharalkooschild was a very large platypus with well-developed teeth , and we think it probably fed not only on crayfish and other freshwater crustaceans , but also on small vertebrates including the lungfish , frogs , and small turtles that are preserved with it in the Two Tree Site fossil deposit , ” she says .
Before the discovery of the new species , the fossil record suggested that only one species inhabited the Earth at any one time , with platypuses becoming smaller and the size of their teeth reducing through time .
The modern platypus completely lacks teeth as an adult and instead bears horny pads in its mouth ; the new extinct species is unlikely to have been its immediate ancestor .
“ Discovery of this new species was a shock to us because prior to this , the fossil record suggested that the evolutionary tree of platypuses was a relatively linear one , ” says UNSW 's Professor Archer .
“ Now we realize that there were unanticipated side branches on this tree , some of which became gigantic . ”
Toothed platypuses , Monotrematum sudamericanum , were present in South America until 61 million years ago . The oldest fossil platypus found in Australia was a small , toothed species , Obdurodon insignis , from 26 million-year old lake deposits in what is now the Simpson Desert .
A larger species , Obdurodon dicksoni , was found in 19 to 15 million year old deposits at Riversleigh , and the remains include the only known fossil platypus skull .
Obdurodon tharalkooschild is the second platypus species unearthed at Riversleigh .
Obdurodon comes from the Greek for “ lasting ( obdurate ) tooth ” and was coined to distinguish extinct toothed platypuses from the essentially toothless modern species .
Tharalkooschild honours an Indigenous Australian creation story about the origin of the platypus . In the Dreamtime , Tharalkoo was a head-strong young female duck . Her parents warned her not to swim down river because Bigoon , the water-rat , would have his wicked way with her .
Scoffing , she disobeyed her parents and was ravished by Bigoon . By the time Tharalkoo escaped and returned to her family , the other girl ducks were laying eggs , so she did the same .
But instead of a fluffy little duckling emerging from her egg , her child was an amazing chimera that had the bill , webbed hind feet , and egg-laying habit of a duck , along with the fur and front feet of a rodent—the first platypus .
Beneath their still surfaces , the lakes of some Arctic islands may hide the story of the rise and fall of Viking chiefdom .
Historians still are n't sure exactly what led to the centuries of Viking raiding and expansion , a period politely known as the Scandinavian Diaspora that ran from the late eighth century to the mid-11th . Population pressures and political rivalries probably played a role , but changing climate around the North Atlantic may also have given the Scandinavians a push .
So far , paleoclimate researchers have mostly focused on warmer climates in the Vikings ' destinations , like Iceland , which might have drawn people to settle there . But those who set sail may have been facing trouble with the crops back home thanks to changing temperatures . A team of researchers hopes to find some answers in a new series of sediment cores from ancient lakebeds in a remote Norwegian island chain .
“ There 's no doubt that there are climate changes that are occurring during that time . The questions are how much of an influence were they on the migrations and settlements at different locations , whether in Norway , Iceland , or Greenland ? ” said Nicholas Balascio , a paleoclimatologist at the University of William and Mary .
He and his colleagues spent the summer in the Lofoten Islands , a low-lying archipelago off the coast of Norway , well above the Arctic Circle . It 's the perfect place to study how Iron Age people responded to climate change . Lofoten is so far north that it 's on the edge of the farmable world , so small shifts in summer temperature make a notable difference in the growing season here .
The islands were once the center of a major Viking chiefdom ( a term for both a style of government and an individual government ) , based in the village at Borg , and a jumping-off point for Viking settlement of Iceland . Finding the links between the Lofoten islands and migration westward is easy . The main island still holds the remains of the chieftain 's longhouse at Borg and a cluster of Viking Age boathouses . Documents from the 11th century show people from Lofoten—including the last chieftain himself—were among the first few hundred Viking settlers in Iceland . From there , the lake cores will only add more to the story , helping scientists better understand shifts in climate , population , and land use over a period of 3,000 years .
Rise and fall of a Viking Chiefdom
In its Viking Age heyday , Borg was a center of wealth and power . Its chieftain lived in the largest Viking longhouse that 's ever been found in northern Norway , unearthed by archaeologists in the late 1980s . People caught cod by the boatload here , then dried the fish to create a highly portable , mostly non-perishable food product called stockfish . It does n't sound very appetizing today , but it was a major export to the coastal cities of mainland Europe—and a staple for Viking raiders and settlers .
“ When the Vikings went on their various raids and travels out into the North Atlantic , they usually took with them stockfish as provisions , ” said Stephen Wickler , an archaeologist at the University of Tromsø . Archaeological evidence reveals a booming trade in stockfish during the Viking age . Lofoten 's cold climate was perfect for air-drying cod without using expensive salt , and the growing demand for cheap protein-rich food would have given the chieftain of a prime fishery like Borg a lot of political and economic clout .
Yet Borg attained that wealth and power despite being almost too far north to make a living at all . The warm current of the Gulf Stream kept the islands warm enough for farming , but only barely . The people who lived in Lofoten would have grown grains—mostly barley—and raised livestock , but a slight shift in summer temperatures could spell failure for that year 's crops , forcing people to find another way to survive , move elsewhere , or starve . Because the local economy was so sensitive to small climate fluctuations , geoscientist William D'Andrea and his colleagues at Columbia University 's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory think this might be the place to look for links between climate change and a shift in the islands ' Viking Age economy .
“ The people who were living on Lofoten were living in the most marginal environment of all of the Viking Kingdoms throughout Scandinavia . They were living the farthest north , and they were spending a lot of time on boats because they were engaged in cod fisheries , ” said D'Andrea . “ I always think about the experience up there as maybe being representative of their exploration spirit . They were ready to go looking for new things , and they were ready to make a living in a marginal environment . ”
But the prosperous chiefdom had basically collapsed by the early 12th century . The boathouses , which had seen use off-and-on since the fifth or sixth century , ( the Iron Age Norwegians built things to last ) were abandoned by this time . Archaeological work on the chieftain 's huge longhouse shows that late in the Viking Age , it too was abandoned , or at least occupied by fewer people .
“ The suggestion has been made through evidence from other places that the chieftain may have emigrated to Iceland , ” said Wickler . “ And whether he was forced to do so by competition with other chiefdoms to the south or whether that was a decision he made of his own free will is difficult to get at . ”
The power of the Viking chiefdoms was beginning to consolidate in the hands of a few of the largest , which would eventually coalesce into the kingdoms of the medieval period . Those changes have long been blamed for the decline of chiefdoms like Borg—powerhouses in their day , but not powerful enough to keep up with the emerging kings .
The chieftain did n't emigrate alone . Several Lofoten islanders ' names appear in the Landnámabók , a list of the original families who migrated to Iceland from Norway in the ninth century . That population shift undoubtedly accelerated the collapse of the once-prosperous and powerful chiefdom at Borg .
But teasing out cause and effect is challenging—did the migration trigger the collapse , or did people migrate because the chiefdom was collapsing ? That 's part of what the team hopes to puzzle out of the mud at the bottom of lakes and harbors on Lofoten .
“ In the region that we 're studying , where there 's some evidence that some of the people who migrated from Lofoten did settle in Iceland , we want to better understand if there was climate or environmental changes that played a part in that history as well , ” said Balascio .
Answers in the mud
When you step into a lake and feel mud oozing between your toes , you 're actually stepping in soil that washed in from the surrounding landscape , carrying with it traces of what that landscape is like . Chemicals called sterols , from human and animal feces , record how densely populated the area is . Plant pollen records whether the surrounding area is forest , farmland , or meadow . Traces of charcoal and ash record cooking fires or slash-and-burn land clearing .
Over time , that soil stacks up in layers to form a long , detailed record . To read that record , scientists drill down several meters and bring up a long cylinder of layered earth encased in a Plexiglass tube : 3,000 years of history , in this case . Back in the lab , they 'll analyze this research season 's 14 core samples for all sorts of data about what the lakes and their surroundings were like in the past and how they changed .
“ All of our mud is still in tubes , but the main objective is to ask how population size has changed throughout the Viking Age and how has local climate changed throughout the Viking Age , ” said D'Andrea . He and his colleagues will compare that information with evidence from archaeological sites around Lofoten—like the boathouses and the longhouse , along with hundreds of other sites—to see if changes in climate or sea level seem linked to changes in the local economy or population .
Part of those answers may be waiting in sediment cores from five lakes in a wide valley of farmland running the length of the main island . That 's where D'Andrea and his colleagues hope to learn more about when the Lofoten islanders first took up agriculture and how their farming habits changed over the years . In an earlier study , human and livestock populations seemed to fluctuate along with summer temperatures , and the team hopes the new cores will hold further clues about how climate impacted the economy of the islands .
In cores taken from two lakes closer to the coast , the team will look for indications of ancient sea-level changes that probably explain the abandonment of the boathouses .
At the beginning of the Iron Age , the sea level in the Lofoten Islands was higher than it is today . That 's because geological forces have lifted the islands upward for at least the last 6,000 years . Sea level had already begun to fall by the end of the Viking Age , and receding shorelines would eventually have cut off the boathouses ' access to the harbor , making launching fishing boats from Borg exceedingly difficult . The change in elevation could also have let more freshwater from the islands drain into the harbor to create a brackish estuary that would actually have started to freeze over in the winter , effectively stranding the ships .
D'Andrea and his team hope the sediment cores will tell them exactly how much the Borg shoreline here has moved since the days of the Vikings . Remains of aquatic life , long buried in the mud at the bottom the estuary that once formed one of Borg 's harbors , will help researchers understand when the estuary shifted from a saltwater harbor to a freshwater lake .
Together , Lofoten 's lakes could preserve indications of how the people of the Lofoten Islands responded to shifting climate and changing sea levels during the course of the Iron Age . They may tell the researchers , for instance , if shifts in sea level led people to shift to greater dependence on agriculture or if colder summers led people to shift their reliance from farming to fishing .
Brian Bonz 'Misophonia ' ( album stream )
Published May 12 , 2015
Brooklyn-based musician Brian Bonz is set to unleash his latest LP Misophonia next week , but Exclaim ! is giving you the chance to hear the whole thing , right now.The record marks the third full-length effort from Bonz and his backing band the Major Crimes , and it was made thanks to a successful crowdfunding campaign . Bonz and his guitarist Michael Strandberg produced the album themselves , enlisting additional help from Chris Bracco on production and mixing duties , ultimately achieving `` the record we wanted to make . `` The album 's title refers to a neurological condition that results in a hatred of sound . `` We 'd continually be interrupted by passing forklifts on the street and would have to wait until they stopped , '' Bonz explained in a statement . `` One day I decided to quickly open a window and I held out a mic to capture the aggravated sound of the machinery ; we wound up manipulating it and included it on the record . For this record , I wanted to do things the 'wrong ' way — methods that were n't perfect and did n't follow certain rules audio professionals swear by . `` Bonz found a way to resourcefully spin the aggravating outside noise into a sound that should elicit anything but hatred . From the shimmery indie pop vibe of `` The Man from Munich '' to the hip-hop-infused `` Hustling from Every Edge of the City '' to dramatic , electro-tinged numbers like `` Moonstruck , '' there 's nothing but delightful sonic deliveries on Misophonia.You can hear the 11-song offering for yourself in the player below . Misophonia officially arrives on May 19 through AWAL , with a vinyl release to follow-on July 14 . Bonz will be playing at Brooklyn 's Knitting Factory on July 1 , and all other forthcoming tour dates can be found here
In episode 19 of # EverydayEternal , Sean ( nedleeds ) makes his triumphant return and joins Matt Pavlic ( sdematt ) in hosting two special guests . SCG Seattle winner Greg Mitchell gives us a tournament report , and then SCG Legacy writer Carsten Kotter joins in the discussion .
0:01:04 Greg 's SCG Seattle Report0:22:00 Bahra 's Noble Fish Deck0:32:30 American vs European Metagame0:41:30 Plays of the Week0:56:45 Cards to consider playing1:11:29 Outro
A newly reborn Legacy deck dubbed “ Noble Fish ” ( after the Vintage version ) is making a splash . We discuss our thoughts on the deck as a whole and some possible changes . Carsten provides his view on the differences between the European and American metagames , and then we discuss some cards that we think are underplayed and can be used to help shore up your deck in the current metagame .
Show Notes
– SCG Seattle Winner Greg Mitchell 's Tournament Report
– Carsten Kotter 's SCG Article Archive
– Noble Fish ( Legacy ) Discussion on TheSource
Thanks again for listening ! If you have any questions or just want to chat , let us know on Twitter ( @ EternalMTG ) , like us on Facebook ( facebook.com/EverydayEternalPodcast ) , or email ( EverydayEternalCast @ gmail.com ) , or in the comments section below .
A researcher has found what is believed to be the earliest written example of the f-word .
( Caution : a certain four-letter word is used ahead , and used repeatedly . )
Paul Booth , a historian at Keele University in England , found three examples dating from 1310 and 1311 of a man known in legal documents as Roger Fuckebythenavel .
Booth said he believes Roger was not the bearer of a very unfortunate family name , but rather it was given to him derogatorily .
Roger Fuckebythenavele from a Chester court roll dated 8 December 1310 found in @ UkNatArchives by Dr Paul Booth ! pic.twitter.com/rI6q3RUtFX — Aine Foley ( @ AineMedievalDub ) September 12 , 2015
`` This surname is presumably a nickname , '' Booth told Medievalists.net . `` I suggest it could either mean an actual attempt at copulation by an inexperienced youth , later reported by a rejected girlfriend , or an equivalent of the word ‘ dimwit , ' i.e. , a man who might think that that was the correct way to go about it . ”
If Roger actually tried to do it in the navel and someone told the world about it , the name could be `` fourteenth-century revenge porn , '' Booth told Vice .
Booth noted that Roger was before the court three times over a nine-month period , and each time his last name was spelled differently : Fuckebythenavele , Fukkebythenavele and , finally , Fuckebythenavel .
`` On the first two occasions he was 'exacted ' ( solemnly summoned to attend court to answer a serious criminal charge , which is unspecified ) and on the third he was outlawed , '' Booth wrote in an abstract , titled `` Roger the incompetent copulator , '' that he posted online . `` He was probably never heard of again . ''
As Booth told the Daily Mail , an outlaw could be `` executed without trial if caught . ''
Historians have uncovered the first use of the F-bomb in a 1310 court case http : //t.co/2ATSoqUKki pic.twitter.com/dlk27kURvo — Daily Mail U.K. ( @ DailyMailUK ) September 12 , 2015
Until now , the oldest known written example of `` fuck '' was a coded use of the word in the poem `` Flen flyys , '' which was dated to around 1475 .
Once decoded , the line read `` fvccant vvivys of heli , '' a mix of Latin and English that meant `` they fuck the wives of Ely , '' as noted by Medievalists.net .
There were some earlier appearances of the word `` fuck '' in texts , however none were known to be used in the current context .
A 1278 text , for example , referred to someone who appeared to be named `` John Le Fucker . '' However , medievalist and linguist Kate Wiles wrote in The Huffington Post last year that it was believed to be a misreading of `` Tucker '' or a variation of `` fulcher , '' meaning `` soldier . ''
Anyone who has worked with a Chinese company or had to run a campaign in China knows that their design sense is different . One thing that jumps out the most though , is that their websites look very ‘ busy ' . Why is that ?
You do n't have to look far . If you work for a multinational brand in China or make a product that is sold in China , have a look for your brand on a Chinese website through Baidu or QQ .
What you will probably see is something which looks very busy . Lots of texts , links , and even animations which seem to be designed to make the page impossible to read .
But our eyes are deceiving us . It may look like digital chaos , but there are some good reasons why Chinese websites look the way they do .
And before we , as marketers , can work effectively in the country there are a few things we should know about the Chinese web experience .
1 . The Chinese language is different
Seems an obvious point , but bear with me . There are few facts about the language that we need to know :
There is no capital letter in Chinese . As readers of Western scripts , we are trained mentally to look for larger letters to find where a sentence begins and ends . As Chinese has no equivalent , their sites can look full of very similar , and busy , characters .
. As readers of Western scripts , we are trained mentally to look for larger letters to find where a sentence begins and ends . As Chinese has no equivalent , their sites can look full of very similar , and busy , characters . There are no spaces between characters . Western languages use space to delineate words and this , too , has no equivalent in Chinese language . So , again , to them it looks normal to have a long string of uninterrupted characters , whereas it looks confusing to Western eyes .
Western languages use space to delineate words and this , too , has no equivalent in Chinese language . So , again , to them it looks normal to have a long string of uninterrupted characters , whereas it looks confusing to Western eyes . Every character is important . Hvae you raed sneetnces lkie tihs bferoe ? Fairly readable , no ? Well it seems that we can read jumbled words as long as the first and last letter are in place ( and the spelling is n't totally reversed ) . Because of this , it seems that we skim text rather than read every word . But as we ca n't skim Chinese language ( assuming we do n't understand characters ) , it seems particularly chaotic .
Hvae you raed sneetnces lkie tihs bferoe ? Fairly readable , no ? Well it seems that we can read jumbled words as long as the first and last letter are in place ( and the spelling is n't totally reversed ) . Because of this , it seems that we skim text rather than read every word . But as we ca n't skim Chinese language ( assuming we do n't understand characters ) , it seems particularly chaotic . Chinese characters are far denser than our letters , with 10 ‘ strokes ' on average against our one or two per letter which , again , makes the writing look busy to the Western eye .
2 . There are a lot of links on Chinese web pages
Another characteristic which Westerners find confusing about Chinese sites is that everything seems to be a link .
On this website , sohu.com , literally every character is part of a link to another page .
There are two theories as to why this is so .
One is that it is difficult to type Chinese characters on an alphabet-based keyboard , so instead of using search they prefer to click links .
This seems reasonable , as typing in Chinese characters involves either drawing characters with your finger on a blank ‘ canvas ' , or typing them out using Western letters for sounds .
Then as you write or type , the characters appear and you select the right one . It would seem that doing this over and over for searches would be quite tough .
But there 's another idea . And with the massive popularity of Baidu , which hosts the Chinese equivalent of Google search , I 'm inclined to believe it .
The other theory is that many Chinese still have slow internet speeds . And the data , courtesy of the Akamai content delivery network , backs this up .
As you can see , two-thirds of Chinese have internet connection speeds below 4MB/s which is almost unheard of in Western countries and well below the global average .
So , with such relatively slow internet speeds , it 's sensible to load one page with a lot of links and then open each link in a new tab . This allows the user to browse in ‘ parallel ' instead of a painstakingly slow serial process .
Those of us old enough to remember dial-up will certainly sympathize !
3 . Chinese sites use a lot of animation
And finally , Chinese websites seem to have a lot of flashing text and banners .
The reason for this , apparently , is it 's much harder to grab attention using fonts in Chinese than it is with Western languages .
And there are a number of reasons for this including
There are few fonts for Chinese characters
Italics do n't exist and bold is not commonly used
And the minimum font size is 12 pixels
But more than this , and I 'm stepping into cultural territory here , it seems that Chinese are simply less bothered by flashing graphics than Westerners are , so what seems busy to us seems normal to them .
And besides , with pop-ups becoming routine in the West now , Chinese sites do not look nearly as different to Western ones as they used to .
But…
And , of course , some Chinese sites clearly do buck the trend . Baidu , for example , has a landing page which has a very simple , Google-esque design .
And Taobao 's site for foreign visitors is noticeably less busy .
So , perhaps the distinction wo n't last long as it seems like they are moving in our direction and we , to some extent , are adopting theirs…
It 's hard to know where to begin after reading former South African ambassador to Israel , Ismail Coovadia 's vicious diatribe against Israel in the Pretoria newsprint edition of July 22 . Considering he lived in Israel during his diplomatic posting , one wonders whether he actually bothered to get to know the country properly or if he took his lead from the Palestinian Authority or even Hamas .
Coovadia 's piece is a laundry list of outrageous accusations and smears including advocating for BDS and even thinly disguised support for terrorism against Israelis .
Mission May 2019
Most international relations are governed by interests , be they economic , diplomatic or military . Israel has historically suffered in international fora such as the UN . Entire geographical blocs have voted en masse against it , sometimes influenced by relationships with Arab states and the oil they supply .
That Benjamin Netanyahu 's recent trip to Africa was meant to restore good relations with member states of that continent and with it the possibility of overturning years of hostile voting patterns at the UN was no secret . African nations also stand to gain from relations with Israel . Only Ismail Coovadia , however , believes that there is something sinister behind all of this :
During the much-acclaimed recent African tour of four countries , Netanyahu sought essentially to be supported at the UN in exchange for the military build-up of the four countries . The so-called developmental support from Israel will be nothing more than a case of open bribery for votes at the UN fora .
As Netanyahu himself outlined at the African summit in Uganda , Israel will not only be sharing security expertise with African nations facing up to their own terrorism problems , but also sharing expertise in water management , agriculture and technology . This is no more sinister than the foreign relations of most other states .
Coovadia goes on to describe Netanyahu as “ no more and no less than a supporter of state terrorism ” against Palestinians and “ Israeli Palestinians of all faiths . ”
Incredibly he then trains his attack on Israel for its treatment of the Ethiopian Jewish community , claiming that they are :
either dumped in isolated , segregated areas and or separated from their families . Treatment of black Israelis , in general , runs counter to the principles of the UN Charter as evidenced by international personalities such as Jimmy Carter , Mary Robinson , Desmond Tutu and internationally respected journalists .
The absorption of Ethiopian Jewry has been an incredibly difficult undertaking and there is much that Israel can improve . However , Coovadia 's charges have no basis in reality . Ethiopian Jews have not been dumped nor separated from their families and despite the enormous problems and issues involved , nowhere can it be claimed that Israel 's treatment of its Ethiopian Jews is somehow counter to the principles of the UN Charter .
Coovadia is now on a roll . He accuses Israel of violating the Oslo Accords ( no mention of blatant Palestinian violations including rampant terrorism ) and violating “ UN principles and the NPT ( Non-Proliferation Treaty ) . ”
Does Israel not have an undeclared programme of continually developing and upgrading its nuclear arsenal ? Israel 's navy recently successfully tested long range missiles to be used . For what purpose ?
For what purpose ? The missiles referred to by Coovadia were Harpoon anti-ship missiles tested to ensure that Israel 's navy can intercept enemy vessels at sea . They are not nuclear armed and therefore have no connection to Israel 's alleged possession of a nuclear deterrent that Coovadia alludes to .
He then blames American money for :
Israel 's policy of Palestinian dispossession , state terrorism , apartheid-style annexation and breaking of “ international humanitarian law . ”
Coovadia goes on to express his support for BDS , asking :
Do these African countries not see the continued success of the International Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions campaign to force the State of Israel to alter its policies towards Palestine and Israelis of Palestinian origin ?
Considering the fundamental lack of impact BDS has had on Israeli policies , it 's unlikely that any African countries have seen what Coovadia appears to imagine .
But perhaps most disturbingly , Coovadia goes beyond support for BDS when he writes :
The international community , coupled with resistance operations must continue to apply pressure – political , economic , social , cultural and sporting on the government of Israel to alter its course towards humanity .
HR Managing Editor Simon Plosker asks :
What exactly is Coovadia referring to when he expresses support for “ resistance operations ? ” This is a well-known code for armed terrorism against Israeli civilians . We can only conclude that Ismail Coovadia is no diplomat but is , instead , a sympathizer of terrorism . Pretoria News should be ashamed to publish such a hate-ridden article and the South African government should be ashamed that a man with such views could have been appointed a diplomat .
Do n't let Coovadia 's hate go unanswered . Send your considered comments to the Pretoria News – pta.letters @ inl.co.za
Mission May 2019
'Pedro Penduko : The Legend Begins ' will be the first locally-published graphic novel to be launched at the New York Comic Con , says Epik Studios
MANILA - A graphic novel starring a re-imagined `` Pedro Penduko '' will be launched at this year 's New York Comic Con , introducing the iconic Filipino superhero to a wider audience .
Epik Studios made the announcement on Thursday , claiming that their launch will be the first time that a Filipino-created komiks will be released in one of the most well-regarded pop culture conventions in the world .
Prior to their grand launch , limited copies of `` Pedro Penduko : The Legend Begins '' will be available to Filipino fans at the upcoming AsiaPOP Comic Con happening from Friday to Sunday at the SMX Convention Center in Pasay City .
As the title suggests , the book , co-published by Viva-Psicom , will be the first in a series focusing on the popular komiks character created by Francisco Coching , a national artist for the visual arts .
Not much is known about the book , except that it will be Epik Studios ' first foray into graphic novels . The author and the artist of the book were not revealed as well .
The State Council Information Office yesterday released the nation 's latest nutrition and chronic diseases status report , which includes a summary of the average height of males and females ( aged between 20 and 25 ) from 34 divisions across China .
So where should modeling agencies be scouting out their next Chinese recruits ? Apparently , Shandong province . The average height of a Shandong male is 175.44 cm ( 5.75 feet ) , while Shandong females measure in at 169.45 cm ( 5.56 feet ) on average . Ok , not necessarily runway material , but you get the idea .
Running in second place is Beijing , with an average height of 175.32 cm for men and 167.33 cm for women . Heilongjiang comes in a close third with an average height of 175.24 cm for men and 156.25 cm for women .
Shanghai placed eighth on both lists , with the men standing 173.78 cm on average and females measuring in at 163.79 cm .
The report also found that people dwelling in China 's northern regions tend to be taller , while those in the southern areas are more likely to be shorter .
Here is the complete ranking of the average heights , make of it what you will .
By Crystal Lau
[ Infographic : toutiao // Image Credit : Arvin Lim ]
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
A new smartphone app lets you send text messages to your friends without a Wi-Fi or cellular network . It could make it a lot simpler to stay in touch wherever there are plenty of other people but the normal networks are either overloaded or nonexistent .
Called MeshMe , the app allows you to chat with several people at a time while your phone is in airplane mode as long as you keep Wi-Fi or Bluetooth radio on . An iPhone MeshMe app was released last month , and an Android version is expected to be ready in several months , MeshMe CEO Jory Schwach says .
MeshMe uses what 's known as mesh networking : it treats each smartphone running the app as a router , passing data from one handset to the next to get messages to recipients via the most efficient pathway . Even if you 're acting as a node in this network , you ca n't read data sent over MeshMe unless it is routed to you , Schwach says .
Mesh networking is increasingly used to help people keep in touch even when out of network range ( see “ Build Your Own Internet with Mobile Mesh Networking ” ) . An app called FireChat has a “ nearby ” chat room that allows you to send messages to anyone within 30 meters of you ( see “ The Latest Chat App for iPhone Needs No Internet Connection ” ) .
MeshMe lets you talk with anyone , as long as a message can reach them via other MeshMe users . It can find contacts by combing your phone 's address book or your Facebook profile .
When you send another MeshMe user a message , your phone asks devices nearby if they know the person you 're looking for ; if those devices do not , the message is passed on to other users . Once your phone finds a good path , it can route the data ; and if the network changes ( say , someone turns off her phone ) , MeshMe will try to find a new route .
Schwach says the distance over which MeshMe will work varies according to the amount of wireless signal interference in the area ( which increases if there are more phone-toting people around ) . The iPhone 6 should be able to transfer data via MeshMe at a distance of about 20 to 30 meters using Wi-Fi . Over Bluetooth , it 's more like 10 to 15 meters .
In one test , the startup positioned a person with MeshMe running on an iPhone on each floor of a 13-floor building , and it took less than half a second to send a message from the user on the ground floor to the user on the top floor .
In my limited experience , MeshMe did n't always work . I tried it with my iPhone and one belonging to a coworker , and for some reason I could only get the app to send messages one way while the handsets were in airplane mode and their Wi-Fi radios were turned on . After setting it up with a second coworker 's iPhone , however , it worked fine , and messages sometimes arrived faster than they did when routed over a regular wireless network .
Jerry Brown says that Mitch McConnell 's actions `` border on the immoral . '' He 's too kind .
Last week , McConnell sent a letter to all state governors urging them to choose not to comply with the EPA rules made to meet the requirement that the United States reduce carbon emissions to 70 percent of 2005 levels by 2030 .
Greg Sargent explains that this is just as bad as the letter to Iran .
Late last week , it was reported that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has launched a broad campaign to block President Obama 's proposed new plan to reduce carbon emissions from existing power plants to 30 percent below 2005 levels by 2030 , a likely centerpiece of his legacy . McConnell has sent a letter to governors across the countryurging them not to comply with the plan 's new rules — which direct statesto set up their own plans to reduce emissions or face the imposition of a federal plan — on the grounds that they are unconstitutional and may soon be blocked in the courts . And this deserves more attention : McConnell 's campaign is explicitly designed to undermine the administration 's efforts to negotiate a global climate treaty , by sowing doubts as to whether the U.S. could uphold its end of any carbon-emissions-reducing bargain , according to Coral Davenport of the New York Times .
Sargent interviewed Richard Revesz , an expert on climate change and also one who is familiar with what is at stake .
In response to a question about whether McConnell 's strategy could work , Revesz replied :
It 's always plausible that enough questions could be raised in foreign countries about the ability of the United States to carry out its commitments . I regard the decision by China to reduce its greenhouse gases to be very significant , and I do n't think China would have done it if it had not believed the U.S. is committed to reducing its own greenhouse gases . The U.S. approach is likely to bring other countries into the fold as well .
If McConnell succeeds in convincing enough foreign countries that the administration 's view is wrong , which I doubt will be the case , it could have a serious impact on the probability that other countries would make significant commitments to reducing their own greenhouse gases .
↓ Story continues below ↓
In case there was any doubt , let me lay it to rest . McConnell 's number one priority is to serve oil and coal interests .
Aug 22 , 2015 Ξ Comments are off
Indian American comic Nik Dodani hopes to make members of the LGBT Indian American community more visible .
A recent stand up bit he did on homophobia in the Indian American community and stereotypes facing desis in general has been well received on social media .
“ I think that invisibility fuels the homophobia and keeps the homophobia alive , ” he told Pink News . “ Increasing the visibility will be one way – not the only way – we can help tackle homophobia in India and in Indian American communities . ”
Dodani , who was born and raised in the United States , is open not only about his sexuality , but the racism , homophobia and bigotry he has encountered .
You can read his story in Pink News .
You can also get a good sense of what he 's all about by watching the stand up bit below .
© NOAA
Dairy producers in West Texas and eastern New Mexico are continuing to assess how many animals died in the winter storm last weekend , but the number will probably climb to more than 30,000 , an official with a dairy group said Thursday.Texas Association of Dairymen executive director Darren Turley said an estimated 15,000 mature dairy cows died in the storm 's primary impact area — from Lubbock west to Muleshoe and north to Friona which is home to half of the state 's top-10 milk producing counties and produces 40 per cent of the state 's milk.An agent with New Mexico State University 's extension service told Turley the area around Clovis , New Mexico , lost an estimated 20,000 dairy cows.The number of younger animals killed by Winter Storm Goliath in each state could be just as high as the mature cows , he said.There will be less milk coming from the region for a while , Turley said , The snow was just one part of Goliath . It was the wind that led to drifts as high as 14 feet , where many animals died . Wind will push animals into a fenced corner where they can suffocate in snow drifts . `` It 's a once-in-a-lifetime ( storm ) , '' Turley said . `` It 's a bad deal for producers . `` The losses will affect production for about year , he said.During the storm dairy employees and tanker trucks from reaching farms . Hundreds of loads of milk ready for processing were wasted . Some cows normally milked twice a day went almost two days without being milked , which dries up the cows ' milk supply , Turley said . `` The ripples from that are going to depend on how fast those animals ' milk production comes back , '' Turley said.The Texas producers are working with state environmental officials to find ways to dispose of the carcasses . Some counties are allowing producers to put carcasses in their landfills.Andle van der Ploeg , owner of Mid-Frisian Dairy near Clovis , said Thursday that he lost just 10 animals , but feels great sympathy for producers he knows who lost hundreds of milk cows . `` It was unbelievable , '' he said.Source : Associated Press
This story is featured in BBC Future 's “ Best of 2016 ” collection . Discover more of our picks .
The Japanese do n't sleep . This is what everyone – the Japanese above all – say . It 's not true , of course . But as a cultural and sociological statement , it is very interesting .
I first encountered these intriguing attitudes to sleep during my first stay in Japan in the late 1980s . At that time Japan was at the peak of what became known as the Bubble Economy , a phase of extraordinary speculative boom . Daily life was correspondingly hectic . People filled their schedules with work and leisure appointments , and had hardly any time to sleep . The lifestyle of this era is aptly summed up by a wildly popular advertising slogan of the time , extolling the benefits of an energy drink . “ Can you battle through 24 hours ? / Businessman ! Businessman ! Japanese businessman ! ”
Many voiced the complaint : “ We Japanese are crazy to work so much ! ” But in these complaints one detected a sense of pride at being more diligent and therefore morally superior to the rest of humanity . Yet , at the same time , I observed countless people dozing on underground trains during my daily commute . Some even slept while standing up , and no one appeared to be at all surprised by this .
I found this attitude contradictory . The positive image of the worker bee , who cuts back on sleep at night and frowns on sleeping late in the morning , seemed to be accompanied by an extensive tolerance of so-called ‘ inemuri ' – napping on public transportation and during work meetings , classes and lectures . Women , men and children apparently had little inhibition about falling asleep when and wherever they felt like doing so .
If sleeping in a bed or a futon was considered a sign of laziness , then why was n't sleeping during an event or even at work considered an even greater expression of indolence ? What sense did it make to allow children to stay up late at night to study if it meant that they would fall asleep during class the next day ? These impressions and apparent contradictions led to my more intensive involvement with the theme of sleep for my PhD projects several years later .
Sleep can be loaded with a variety of meanings and ideologies
Initially , I had to fight against prejudice as people were reluctant to consider sleep a serious topic for academic enquiry . Of course , it was precisely such attitudes that had originally caught my attention . Sleep can be loaded with a variety of meanings and ideologies ; analysing sleep arrangements and the discourse on it reveals attitudes and values embedded in the contexts in which sleep is organised and discussed . In my experience , it is the everyday and seemingly natural events upon which people generally do not reflect that reveal essential structures and values of a society .
We often assume that our ancestors went to bed ‘ naturally ' when darkness fell and rose with the Sun . However , sleep times have never been such a simple matter , whether in Japan or elsewhere . Even before the invention of electric light , the documentary evidence shows that people were scolded for staying up late at night for chatting , drinking and other forms of pleasure . However , scholars – particularly young samurai – were considered highly virtuous if they interrupted their sleep to study , even though this practice may not have been very efficient as it required oil for their lamps and often resulted in them falling asleep during lectures .
Napping is hardly ever discussed in historical sources and seems to have been widely taken for granted . Falling asleep in public tends to be only mentioned when the nap is the source for a funny anecdote , such as when someone joins in with the wrong song at a ceremony , unaware that they have slept through most of it . People also seem to have enjoyed playing tricks on friends who had involuntarily dozed off .
Doctors are adamant that co-sleeping with children will help them develop into independent and socially stable adults
Early rising , on the other hand , has clearly been promoted as a virtue , at least since the introduction of Confucianism and Buddhism . In antiquity , sources show a special concern for the work schedule of civil servants , but from the Middle Ages onwards , early rising was applied to all strata of society , with “ going to bed late and rising early ” used as a metaphor to describe a virtuous person .
Another interesting issue is co-sleeping . In Britain , parents are often told they should provide even babies with a separate room so that they can learn to be independent sleepers , thus establishing a regular sleep schedule . In Japan , by contrast , parents and doctors are adamant that co-sleeping with children until they are at least at school age will reassure them and help them develop into independent and socially stable adults .
Maybe this cultural norm helps Japanese people to sleep in the presence of others , even when they are adults – many Japanese say they often sleep better in company than alone . Such an effect could be observed in spring 2011 after the huge tsunami disaster destroyed several coastal towns . Survivors had to stay in evacuation shelters , where dozens or even hundreds of people shared the same living and sleeping space . Notwithstanding various conflicts and problems , survivors described how sharing a communal sleeping space provided some comfort and helped them to relax and regain their sleep rhythm .
On a certain level , inemuri is not considered sleep at all
However , this experience of sleeping in the presence of others as children is not sufficient on its own to explain the widespread tolerance of inemuri , especially at school and in the workplace . After some years of investigating this subject , I finally realised that on a certain level , inemuri is not considered sleep at all . Not only is it seen as being different from night-time sleep in bed , it is also viewed differently from taking an afternoon nap or power nap .
How can we make sense of this ? The clue lies in the term itself , which is composed of two Chinese characters . ‘ I ' which means ‘ to be present ' in a situation that is not sleep and ‘ nemuri ' which means ‘ sleep ' . Erving Goffman 's concept of “ involvement within social situations ” is useful I think in helping us grasp the social significance of inemuri and the rules surrounding it . Through our body language and verbal expressions we are involved to some extent in every situation in which we are present . We do , however , have the capacity to divide our attention into dominant and subordinate involvement .
In this context , inemuri can be seen as a subordinate involvement which can be indulged in as long as it does not disturb the social situation at hand – similar to daydreaming . Even though the sleeper might be mentally ‘ away ' , they have to be able to return to the social situation at hand when active contribution is required . They also have to maintain the impression of fitting in with the dominant involvement by means of body posture , body language , dress code and the like .
Inemuri in the workplace is a case in point . In principle , attentiveness and active participation are expected at work , and falling asleep creates the impression of lethargy and that a person is shirking their duties . However , it is also viewed as the result of work-related exhaustion . It may be excused by the fact that meetings are usually long and often involve simply listening to the chair 's reports . The effort made to attend is often valued more than what is actually achieved . As one informant told me : “ We Japanese have the Olympic spirit – participating is what counts . ”
Diligence , which is expressed by working long hours and giving one 's all , is highly valued as a positive moral trait in Japan . Someone who makes the effort to participate in a meeting despite being exhausted or ill demonstrates diligence , a sense of responsibility and their willingness to make a sacrifice . By overcoming physical weaknesses and needs , a person becomes morally and mentally fortified and is filled with positive energy . Such a person is considered reliable and will be promoted . If , in the end , they succumb to sleep due to exhaustion or a cold or another health problem , they can be excused and an “ attack of the sleep demon ” can be held responsible .
Inemuri – or even feigning inemuri – can be employed as a sign that a person has been working hard
Moreover , modesty is also a highly valued virtue . Therefore , it is not possible to boast about one 's own diligence – and this creates the need for subtle methods to achieve social recognition . Since tiredness and illness are often viewed as the result of previous work efforts and diligence , inemuri – or even feigning inemuri by closing one 's eyes – can be employed as a sign that a person has been working hard but still has the strength and moral virtue necessary to keep themselves and their feelings under control .
Thus , the Japanese habit of inemuri does not necessarily reveal a tendency towards laziness . Instead , it is an informal feature of Japanese social life intended to ensure the performance of regular duties by offering a way of being temporarily ‘ away ' within these duties . And so it is clear : the Japanese do n't sleep . They do n't nap . They do inemuri . It could not be more different .
--
Dr Brigitte Steger , Senior Lecturer in Modern Japanese Studies , University of Cambridge . This piece was first published in CAM , the University of Cambridge 's alumni magazine . Read more from CAM here .
Photography by Adrian Storey also known as Uchujin ( `` Alien '' in Japanese ) . Born in England , Storey is currently based in Tokyo , where he works as a filmmaker , editor and freelance photographer .
Join 600,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter , Google+ , LinkedIn and Instagram .
If you liked this story , sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter , called “ If You Only Read 6 Things This Week ” . A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future , Earth , Culture , Capital , Travel and Autos , delivered to your inbox every Friday .
Excerpted from TeleSur English , this article opens a compelling analysis of how Marxism can be used to take apart the recent capitalist media attacks on the Bolivarian Revolution in Venezuela . For the complete article go to tinyurl.com/yx2gyfa
Freedom . Democracy . Stability .
These are the demands that mainstream media will have you believe are behind ongoing anti-government opposition protests in Venezuela , which have since claimed over 50 lives .
Borrowing plot lines from “ David and Goliath , ” the alphabet soup of corporate news outlets perpetuates the same ill-conceived dichotomy . On one side are the powerless , peace-loving democrats protesting for political freedom . On the other side is the powerful , violent authori­tarian government fighting against those demands .
This narrative , indisputably dominant in mainstream media , is intentionally designed to engender support for regime change in Venezuela . Outlets like CBS , CNN , NBC , ABC , Fox News and The New York Times , for example , are owned by wealthy global elites who are top investors within the military-industrial complex and profit handsomely from endless war .
Publications like the Miami Herald exemplify mainstream media 's drive for war by publishing pieces suggesting “ What Trump should do about Venezuela 's drift toward a full-blown dictatorship. ” This falls entirely in line with their wealthy corporate backers , who salivate over the idea of recolonizing and privatizing Venezuela 's vast oil resources .
Their rallying cries for U.S. action against Venezuela resemble those made against Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya before their respective invasions in 1999 , 2001 , 2003 and 2011 . Anyone who has closely followed these invasions , however , can attest to the central role inaccurate mainstream media reports have played in facilitating their disastrous outcomes .
Let 's not forget that in 2003 , for example , establishment news propagated a disastrous lie : the claim that the Iraqi government was then in possession of “ weapons of mass destruction . ”
But as the U.S.-led Iraq Survey Group was forced to admit in 2003 , there was zero evidence that the Iraqi government had produced or stockpiled any weapons of mass destruction since 1991 . That was the year United Nations sanctions were imposed against the administration of former President Saddam Hussein .
The results of this lie , as history has shown , were catastrophic . Tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians and combatants died , thousands more were violated and injured , and entire cities were left in ruin .
Moreover , the same media outlets that served as cheerleaders for this illegal invasion , “ justified ” with unsubstantiated claims , are the same ones that beat the drums of war against Yugoslavia in 1999 , Afghanistan in 2001 and Libya in 2011 . And in present times , they 're beating the drums of war against Venezuela .
That 's why those who truly want to understand what 's going on in Venezuela ca n't rely on publications that have the economic interests of their wealthy corporate backers at heart . Those seeking the truth about protests in Venezuela must ground their investigation in the interests of the working class masses who would be most affected by any ­attack or invasion . . . .
Marxism , a method of studying and responding to world events , is best suited for this since it is fundamentally based on advancing the best interests of workers , the majority , and not wealthy elites , the minority . And as will later be shown , it demonstrates that the worker-led govern­ment is truly promoting freedom , democracy and stability , not the Wall Street-backed opposition .
One of the biggest problems inherent in mainstream media coverage of protests in Venezuela is their method of analyzing them .
If you take a close look at most articles or videos produced by establishment publications , you 'll notice an underlying trend . They discuss present-day turmoil in Venezuela without providing adequate historical context .
Not only do they intentionally leave out the incessant economic and political attacks waged against the Bolivarian Revolution since taking power in 1999 , which have hampered the government 's ability to advance peace and stability . They also fail to mention what the country was like before 1999 when late President Hugo Chávez took office and began radically improving conditions for Venezuela 's working-class majority .
Since the early 2000s , for example , supermarket owners affiliated with Venezuela 's opposition have hoarded food products so they can resell them at higher prices and make large profits . Food importing companies owned by the country 's wealthy right-wing elite are also manipulating import figures in order to raise prices on goods .
In 2013 , former Venezuelan Central Bank chief Edmee Betancourt ­reported that the country lost between US $ 15 ­billion and US $ 20 billion the previous year because of hoarding and price manipulation .
Right-wing sabotage of Venezuela 's … economy , which has been waged on numerous fronts since 1999 , serves to bolster political attacks against the government . This tactic of destabilization , expounded upon by U.S. political scientist Gene Sharp , has been used against governments opposed to Wall Street from time immemorial . …
A cow injured by a Chinook helicopter is among 35 incidents involving low-flying military aircraft in East Anglia over the past five years .
Farmers are among those most regularly affected by low-flying helicopters and fixed wing aircraft , according to details released by the Ministry of Defence .
In total , the MoD paid out £234,170 in compensation for loss and damage caused by low-flying military aircraft over East Anglia and Lincolnshire between 2011-12 and 2015-16 .
See also : Farmer receives £18k payout after helicopter scares birds
The incident involving the cow was one of 10 payouts in Norfolk during 2012-13 . It involved a £3,265 compensation payout , according to MoD figures .
Other incidents include £25,000 paid out after an emergency landing by a Chinook helicopter caused damage to crops and farmland in Essex during 2013-14 .
Apache helicopters were the worst offender over the five years , although incidents involving Tornado , Typhoon and Merlin fixed wing aircraft also resulted in payouts .
Compensation
Low-flying manoeuvres involve fixed wing aircraft flying as low as 250ft above ground level – although not over built-up areas . Helicopters can fly as low as 100ft .
Many of the payouts involved the loss of gamebirds . Other incidents include compensation for damage to fencing , personal injury , a damaged boat and injuries to a horse .
East Anglia includes a number of air bases – including Lakenheath and Mildenhall . It also includes the UK 's biggest centralised operational army airfield at Wattisham , Suffolk .
Military chiefs are proud of their links with the local community and Apache attack helicopters from Wattisham are regular visitors to the annual Suffolk Show .
Prince Harry
Wattisham pilots have included Prince Harry , who thanked local people for putting up with his helicopter flights during a visit to the show in 2014 .
The MoD compensation details were uncovered by Freedom of Information request submitted by the East Anglian Daily Times newspaper .
An MoD spokesman said : “ We understand that military flying can be noisy and unpopular – but it is an essential part of operational training .
“ The MoD is constantly striving to ensure that such disturbance is kept to an absolute minimum and that the burden of noise distribution is as evenly distributed as possible . ”
On Sunday , the Palestinian terrorist group and political entity , Hamas , stated that it will accept new elections and a restored Palestinian unity government .
It might sound good , but it is n't . Hamas is an astute political party , but it not a democratically concerned actor . It would never entertain a transfer of power unless it believed that doing so would strengthen its own position over its rivals . And in this case , Hamas ' main rival is the political bloc Fatah , which holds power in the West Bank .
The best evidence for this conclusion is the history of what occurred following the last elections in 2006 . A year following that election , in which Hamas was victorious , Hamas fighters threw Fatah supporters off Gazan roofs and seized almost total control . This led to a schism between Fatah in the West Bank and Hamas in Gaza that has endured until today .
That said , why is Hamas now calling for elections ?
Three reasons .
First , Hamas is running short on cash and investments , reducing its ability to provide much needed social services to the population of Gaza . Yet the budget pains also restrict Hamas from its ambition of creating a powerful , stable and well-organized government . As Hamas sees it , a strong government is n't just important in controlling Gaza ( and , it hopes , one day also the West Bank ) . It 's also crucial in giving Hamas a stronger foundation on which to advance its `` resistance '' against Israel . Put simply , the more stability it has in Gaza , the more ease with which Hamas will be able to plot , resource , and effect terrorism against Israel .
Second , Hamas recognizes the power dynamics in the Middle East have shifted against its interests . Having lost its primary supporter , the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , and witnessing the new Gulf-Arab alignment away from Qatar and towards a more skeptical position on counter-terrorism related issues , Hamas faced a growing downturn in its ability to attract external support . By calling elections alongside the pretense of a compromise with the more-moderate Fatah , Hamas hopes to create some positive breathing space with regional actors .
Third , and most important , Hamas feels it has nothing to lose . Opinion polls , though unreliable , suggest Hamas with a significant advantage over Fatah . Correspondingly , both in terms of political power and populist legitimacy , Hamas believes it will be the beneficiary of any election . Yet Hamas also has a secret weapon that it can deploy if necessary : its monopoly of force in Gaza . Ultimately , Hamas knows that should it decide doing so is necessary , it can destroy any Fatah representation in Gaza as it did in 2007 . In this sense , there is no risk to rolling the dice , because the dice come with an insurance policy .
Ultimately , there 's a broader point here : We should always be cautious about claims of moderation from Islamic terrorist groups like Hamas . Seeing their purpose in life as serving an ordained mission from God , they would not yield power to democratic interests unless absolutely confident it would advance their interests above all others . This decision is a ploy .
If your sewer line is clogged , it could be because there is a gas line running through the middle of it . Yes , you read that correctly .
The City of Palo Alto Utilities Department has launched a gas safety initiative to visually inspect sewer lines throughout the city after learning that some of those lines may have been inadvertently drilled through during gas line installations—a condition known as a crossbore .
Crossbores are not typically dangerous when left undisturbed , according to a statement released today by CPAUD . But when someone tries to unclog a sewer line with a snake or a cutter , that device may sever a gas line and cause a dangerous leak .
`` The key message for our customers is this : if you believe you have a sewer blockage problem , call the City of Palo Alto Utilities Department first at ( 650 ) 496-6995 , '' said Javad Ghaffari , Manager of Water , Gas and Wastewater Operations .
`` We will have trained staff available to respond 24x7 . They will assess the area for crossbore and determine additional precautions or next steps , '' he said .
Concern over crossbores arose as a result of the Utility reviewing its operations and best practices and in response to overall heightened concerns over gas system safety , according to Water , Gas and Wastewater Engineering Manager Greg Scoby .
`` Although the issue of crossbore safety is a national one , CPAU is among the first utilities in the country to undertake a very aggressive crossbore safety program , '' said Scoby .
CPAU has already begun inspecting high-occupancy buildings , such as churches , hospitals , nursing homes , and has completed 26 schools . The program is expected to be completed by January 2013 .
`` This is an abundance of caution situation , '' said Utilities Communications Manager Mary Coady .
The Utility has so far found eight crossbores since 2000 . Across the country , such instances are rare , according to a CPAU statement . Crossbores began occuring in the 1970 's , when trenchless drilling allowed utility companies to bore into the ground to install flexible , low-pressure , plastic gas lines .
During that time the industry undertook `` all standard precautions '' to place new pipes in areas free of other underground utilities , the statement said . But not all sewer lines were placed where the utilities thought , the result of landscaping or other improvements .
The boring equipment used for gas lines is designed to cut through solid rock , so it was easy for the drill to cut through sewer pipes—typically made of clay or plastic—without the operator noticing .
In the last decade , technological improvements have allowed for crossbores to be detected sooner . Starting in 1999 with the use of excess flow valves capable of restricting gas flow in the event of a leak , and then in 2001 with the use of video cameras , CPAU says it more capable of dealing with crossbores .
`` I support taking an aggressive stance in addressing the issue of crossbore , '' said City Manager James Keene . `` We believe that adoption of a program that resolves any crossbore situations is a necessary investment in the safety and well-being of our community . ''
For more information , visit www.cityofpaloalto.org/safety .
In announcing his bid for speaker , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( Calif. ) said he wants to “ heal the divisions in our conference with work , time and trust. ” ( Melina Mara/The Washington Post )
Hard-line conservative Republicans , emboldened by their role in the resignation of House Speaker John A. Boehner , are struggling to recruit a candidate with enough political capital and grass-roots support to challenge Boehner 's heir apparent .
That contender , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( Calif. ) , announced his bid for speaker Monday , but by sharing Boehner 's relaxed personality and center-right Republican politics , he would almost certainly face similar problems from the conservative wing from the start and skepticism about whether he can truly give voice to the base 's frustrations .
McCarthy pledged to “ heal the divisions in our conference with work , time , and trust. ” He stressed unity to a group infamous for its acrimony . “ I look forward to fighting with you for our shared conservative principles , ” he said in a letter to colleagues .
McCarthy 's notice came hours after two potential rivals took themselves out of the running . Both Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling ( Tex . ) , a prominent conservative who has clashed with Boehner , and Rep. Peter J. Roskam ( Ill. ) , a former chief deputy whip who has taken a leading role in calling for party harmony , announced that they would not seek the speaker 's post .
Those moves followed decisions last week by a pair of conservatives — Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan ( Wis. ) and House Freedom Caucus Chairman Jim Jordan ( Ohio ) — that they , too , would not run for the speakership .
Republicans weigh in on the continuing fight over funding for Planned Parenthood and the possibility of a government shutdown . ( The Washington Post )
That flurry of passes leaves only Rep. Daniel Webster ( Fla. ) — a long-shot contender who made an unsuccessful run for speaker earlier in the year — openly challenging McCarthy . And there are signs that conservatives see a better opportunity to shape the contest to replace McCarthy as majority leader , should he win the speaker 's gavel .
“ Nothing is decided , ” Rep. Scott Garrett ( N.J. ) said when asked Monday where he and his fellow conservatives would throw their support . “ We 're still discussing how and why we got here as a conference , not about how to rearrange the chairs . ”
The jockeying for that No . 2 post in the House intensified Monday as Ryan and Hensarling both endorsed Rep. Tom Price ( Ga. ) , the conservative Budget Committee chairman , to be the next majority leader — passing Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( La. ) . Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( Wash. ) , who had been considering a run , decided Monday to bypass the race .
McCarthy 's widening path to power amid an unsettled Republican Party landscape reflects both his ability to navigate the byzantine , relationship-driven world of Congress and the inability of House conservatives to put forth their own heavyweight candidate for speaker .
“ We 've seen the tail wag the dog in this House over the past week , but regardless of what has happened , Kevin McCarthy will be the next speaker , ” said Rep. Patrick J. Tiberi ( Ohio ) , a Boehner ally . “ The majority of our majority recognizes that we need a speaker who can represent every Republican . And if the people who have tangled with the leadership are mad , they should be mad at James Madison . Having the House does n't enable you to get everything you want . ”
The scene of House conservatives fumbling as they try to translate their ideological fervor into leadership power is a familiar one . A year ago , McCarthy easily succeeded then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor after Cantor was defeated in a primary and coup attempts targeting Boehner ahead of the past two speaker elections were poorly executed .
Still , there is an ongoing push to draft another candidate for speaker , stoked by headstrong voices on talk radio and on conservative Web sites . In interviews Monday , several heads of conservative organizations said they are hopeful they can find a consensus pick .
When Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) was 19 , he won $ 5,000 in the California lottery . Here are three other facts you probably did n't know about the House majority leader . ( Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post )
“ Someone 's got to step up , ” said Adam Brandon , chief executive of the activist group FreedomWorks . “ Someone 's got to volunteer to get in there , and it 's not just the speaker 's race , because if Kevin McCarthy is going to be speaker , you 've got to be damned sure that I am expecting that we have one of our true-blue guys as majority leader . ”
Price , who led an ill-fated effort to hew to strict spending caps during GOP budget discussions this year , is well regarded among House conservatives , but he is not a member of the hard-line House Freedom Caucus and does not have the demeanor of a firebrand .
Roskam said the change Republican voters are demanding has more to do with style than with ideology .
“ We 've got to change the disposition of this conference ; otherwise , we 'll be right back into this situation in six months , ” he said in an interview . “ We 'd be in better shape if we were more rhetorically aggressive with the administration . . . . Our base perceives us as looking at a chessboard and thinking , ‘ Oh , 10 moves down , we 're going to lose . ' They 'd like to see us go fight instead of thinking too much about how we 'll lose the king . ”
Some conservative media voices have already raised alarms about McCarthy 's likely rise to the speakership . Last week , talk-radio host Mark Levin told Breitbart News that McCarthy is a “ wheeler and dealer . . . not a principled conservative . ”
Writing at National Review 's Web site Monday , Jim Geraghty warned that the window for conservatives is closing : “ If grass-roots conservatives want one of their own to be speaker , they have to unite quickly behind an alternative. ” Or else , he warned , McCarthy “ is a slam-dunk ” to replace Boehner ( Ohio ) .
In a sign that conservatives may already be looking past the speaker 's race , Rep. Mark Meadows ( N.C. ) , a vocal Freedom Caucus member who led the charge against Boehner , said Monday that he saw the leadership races in terms of building a team that crosses ideological lines .
“ I think it would do the conference good to have a moderate and a conservative and those in between at the table to represent the diversity of the conference , ” said Meadows , who introduced a measure to depose Boehner in July , heightening pressure that eventually led Boehner to exit .
But Meadows said that as many as 60 House members may withhold their votes in the speaker 's race , seeking assurances from McCarthy and other candidates that they will be “ committed to an open and fair process , ” one that does not sideline conservatives in ways Boehner was accused of doing .
Webster 's candidacy has stirred mild interest from conservatives , and he could draw votes from members who are looking to send a message to McCarthy if no one else enters the speaker 's race .
“ We need to transform the process here , and if we did , many of the problems we face , many of the decisions we face would go away , ” Webster said Monday evening , after emerging from a weekly prayer session in McCarthy 's office suite .
Webster , who ran for speaker in January and won 12 votes , has cast himself to colleagues as someone who would revamp the way the House GOP sets its policy agenda by more actively involving conservatives . His supporters have been passing around his mini-manifesto , titled “ Widgets , Principles , and Republicans , ” to colleagues .
“ Whoever emerges as a candidate had better assure and make a firm commitment that they 're going to listen , ” said Jim Pfaff , a conservative strategist who is close with the House Freedom Caucus . “ There is real concern among the group that if we move forward with the same kind of leadership , we 'll have the same kind of problems . . . . Webster understands that . ”
Most GOP members understand that Boehner 's departure provides only a short break . “ You 're not going to have a Moses come in and come up with a way to solve our problems , ” said Rep. Joe Barton ( Tex. ) . “ Our problems will be the same . People know they wo n't be able to be Moses , even if they want the job . ”
None of this is likely to overcome the loyalty McCarthy built during his recruitment of the 2010 House GOP class , which gave him the edge in that year 's race for majority whip and in 2014 for majority leader . “ There is no replacement for those relationships and the time he has spent with them over the years , ” said Neil Bradley , a former McCarthy adviser .
In his letter to colleagues , McCarthy referred to those relationships : “ You all know me . We 've spent late nights on the House Floor together . I 've visited your districts and met your families and constituents . More importantly , I have gotten to know your ideas , your goals , and your vision for our conference and our country . ”
But he also addressed conservatives ' discontent over Boehner 's handling of House business : “ I know that the People 's House works best when the leadership you elect listens to members and respects the legislative process entrusted to committees . ”
Worthy Read
concurrency Threading is just one of the many ways concurrent programs can be built . In this article , we will take a look at threading and a couple of other strategies in building concurrent programs in Python , as well as discuss how each is suitable in different scenarios .
After almost one year of development and lots of work by our volunteers and contractors , we are now live with the new Python job board system . The new system is fully integrated into the python.org website . Job submitters can create an account on the system , log in and directly submit their job posting for approval by the PSF Job Board Team .
machine learning third part in a series of articles about data mining on Twitter . After collecting data and pre-processing some text , we are ready for some basic analysis . In this article , we 'll discuss the analysis of term frequencies to extract meaningful terms from our tweets .
python3 , apache , kafka Apache Kafka is being used a fair amount these days and where I work is no exception . Kafka is getting a lot done in the highly scaled ‘ Cloud ' and elsewhere . Getting a developer instance of Kafka up and running can be a little daunting for those new to it so I 've come up with an easy way to get your development environment up and running in very little time . We will test out the single node Kafka server using Python 3 and kafka-python .
django , Selenium Selenium is set of tools for automating browsers . It provides a lot of options and APIs for automating user interaction with the web applications . It is used for testing web applications , web scraping and automating boring repetitive tasks .
job market Unofficial Python Job Board is a 100 % free and community run job board . The jobs board is generated automatically from the git repository , and hosted using github pages .
django First , what is RapidSMS ? It 's an open source package of useful tools that extend the Django web development framework to support processing text messages . A framework for writing code to be invoked when a text message is received and respond to it . A set of backends - pluggable code modules that can interface to various ways of connecting your Django program to the phone network to pass text messages back and forth .
django , interview Caroline is a software developer who loves working in Python . She works as a web developer at the Centre for International Governance Innovation . She co-founded a local Python user group with a friend and fellow Python enthusiast . She loves learning new things and making fun stuff .
python , statistics In doing the data analysis in my own research work , I was often slowed down by two things : 1 ) I did not know enough statistics , and 2 ) the books available would provide a theoretical background , but no real practical help . The book you are holding in your hands ( or on your tablet or laptop ) is intended to be the book that would have solved just this problem . It should provide enough basic understanding so you know what you are doing ; and it should provide you with the tools to do so . In providing statistical solutions for the most basic statistical problem .
job market Nice Inforgraphics backed with data .
concurrency There are numerous problems with threads in Python , but Python can work around almost all of these issues with coroutines , which let you have many seemingly simultaneous functions in your Python programs . Brett Slatkin discusses coroutines in this excerpt from Effective Python : 59 Specific Ways to Write Better Python .
core python You 've learned Python the hard way . You flew through Codecademy . Now you feel unchallenged , and your interest in programming is waning . Where are the courses for those looking to excel past the beginner level ? To the developing Pythonistas , here are some intermediate courses to help get you to the next level .
Projects
electrum - 527 Stars , 5 Forks
Electrum ; Bitcoin thin client .
AstroBuild - 368 Stars , 15 Fork
Deploy based on the planet alignments
PyTricks - 275 Stars , 27 Fork
Collection of less popular features and tricks for the Python programming language
easy_store - 20 Stars , 9 Fork
The easy store is a web2py model for e-commerce and other store platforms . This app is meant to be simple , offering the most easy ways to get a store ready to use and sell products .
quodlibet - 15 Stars , 0 Fork
An open-source music library manager / player for Linux , Windows , and OS X
gprof2dot - 14 Stars , 0 Fork
Converts profiling output to a dot graph .
webapp-checklist - 8 Stars , 0 Fork
Technical details that a programmer of a web application should consider before making the site public .
There 's someone sitting there mate . Oh it 's you Jose ! Mourinho plays it cool as he prepares for Barcelona v Real Madrid
THE GAME IN SPAIN
By Sportsmail Reporter
Jose Mourinho will be sitting with his own supporters tomorrow night as Real Madrid play their final match before they visit the Camp Nou in 10 days ' time .
He serves the second game of his two-match touchline ban and , parking himself so near to the dug-out as to make the punishment almost completely meaningless , he will occupy the place of Señor Gabriel Ruiz Almansa , a season ticket holder of 29 years who is giving up his seat for the cause .
In a fair world Sñr Ruiz would take Mourinho 's place on the Madrid bench alongside assistant coach Aitor Karanka but instead Real Madrid club member no . 16,603 says he and his wife Ramona will be honored to relocate to just in front of the director 's box for the visit of Athletic Bilbao allowing Mourinho to remain in shouting distance of his players .
Fan-tastic : Madrid boss Mourinho ( bottom right ) sits among supporters after being sent off against Real Murcia
Ruiz said : ' I hear the players from there . It 's the same level as the bench and just three metres from the technical area . '
The experience will set Mourinho up nicely for what awaits him at the Camp Nou when he leads Real Madrid against Barcelona .
Former Barça boss Charly Rexach has predicted a worse reception than Luis Figo received in 2002 .
And if the prospect of being thrown two pigs ' heads is not enough , Barcelona fan and professional pitch invader Jimmy Jump has also threatened to target the Real Madrid coach as he takes charge of his first clasico .
With the touchline ban meaning no post or pre-match press conferences Mourinho will not break his silence until the eve of Madrid 's Champions League game against Ajax in Amsterdam on Tuesday .
Then he will have the chance to respond to remarks made by boss Pep Guardiola 's No 2 at Barça Tito Vilanova this week .
'It 's not good that coaches want to be the protagonists , ' he said . ' I can only understand that a coach wants to be the centre of attention because he has not lived that sensation as a player . That he would like to be a footballer but never was . '
It was perhaps the first time this season a stone had been thrown back from the other side of the fence .
Mourinho has implied at various times that Barcelona are favoured by referees who reduce opponents to 10 men or by coaches who pick weakened sides against them .
Guardiola 's standard response is : 'Does he name me or the club ? Well then I do n't need to respond . '
Perhaps Mourinho will refuse to answer Vilanova on the same grounds . And then maybe pigs ' heads will fly .
Pig sick : Figo is bombarded with missiles on his return to Barcelona as a Real Madrid player back in 2002
...................................................................................
Sir Alex Ferguson had the opportunity to take a chance on a baby-faced , long streak of nothing but raw potential back in 2007… but Fernando Torres ended up going to Liverpool .
Now 20-year-old David De Gea presents the Manchester United manager with a second chance and no-one at Atletico Madrid will be surprised if , despite the acquisition of Anders Lindegaard , he takes it at the end of the season .
Losing De Gea would cause the same unrest at Atletico Madrid as the decision to sell Torres three years ago .
He has replaced the Liverpool striker in the hearts of the supporters but those responsible for the decision will point to the struggle to make the Champions League this season , the money spent on keeping striker Sergio Aguero and the ready-made replacement between the posts that is 21-year-old Sergio Asenjo .
Highest new entry - straight in at No 1 : De Gea could be heading to Old Trafford to replace Edwin ven der Sar
When Asenjo arrived for £4m in the summer of 2009 , hailed as the new Iker Casillas , it pushed De Gea down the pecking order and Roberto Martinez tried to take him to Wigan on loan .
The move was blocked and the homegrown keeper stayed and , after the calamitous start made by Asenjo , he was promoted to the first team .
'He is as cold as a wolf , ' the Atletico 's youth team goalkeeper coach , Angel Mejías eulogises poetically .
'He has composure and a nerve about him that makes him stand out . '
In just 35 matches for Atletico , De Gea has repaid the faith put in him by boss Quique Sanchez Flores and Mourinho 's recent assessment of him was that he had everything going for him , except one thing – he has the same passport as Iker Casillas .
That could mean for the next four years he will not be playing too many international matches – hardly likely to sour the deal for Fergie .
...................................................................................
While 85,494 England fans were suffering the national team at Wembley on Wednesday , the World and European Champions Spain were playing Portugal in Estadio da Luz in front of just 28,000 .
From the wide open spaces in front of England 's defence to the wide open spaces in the stands of Benfica 's wonderful stadium .
It was an excellent idea for the joint-candidates to play each other just two weeks before FIFA decide who will stage the 2018 World Cup finals , they just forgot to fill the stadium .
Is there anybody out there ? Plenty of empty seats in the stadium as Portugal crushed Spain 4-0 on Wednesday
During England 's defeat to France – also being screened live in Spain – the commentator mentioned that England would have to 'play better than this if they wanted the finals ' .
Thankfully , potential hosts ' form is not among FIFA criteria . It will not affect England 's chances any more than those big red armchairs Sir Alex Ferguson and Zinedine Zidane were seated in at Doha 's Khalifa stadium to watch the Argentina v Brazil clash help Qatar get the for vote 2022 .
Portugal 's inability to fill a stadium for such a prestigious friendly might be taken more seriously .
...................................................................................
Brazilliant : Barcelona star Alves is linked with City
Manchester City are offering Dani Alves more money than Barcelona . Just as they were offering Yaya Toure more money than Barça last summer .
All that remains now is for Alves to decide if he wants to stay at a club that frequents the latter stages of the Champions League or one that has yet to qualify for it .
Alves ' agent Joaquin Macanas met with club officials on Tuesday where the details of an extension until 2015 that stops short of the desired parity with Xavi and Andres Iniesta was discussed .
There is plenty of brinkmanship to be had yet before any final decision is made but Alves ' personality may yet play a big part .
Toure was at times important on the pitch for Barça but never in the dressing room and his decision was an easy one .
Alves is the heart and soul at the Camp Nou and if he gave it all up for a few dollars more that would be far more surprising .
The Arizona Republic has a new poll out showing Hillary up by 4 . Remember , they also endorsed Hillary . I thought something was fishy so I looked at the poll sample numbers . The poll consisted of 713 people but 413 were Dems , 168 were Republicans and 132 were Independents .
Table 2 : Answers to 'Who are you planning to vote for ' by 'Party registration from sample '
Republican ( N = 168 )
Democrat ( N = 413 )
Independent/Other ( N = 132 )
And remember Romney won Arizona by 9 but the Arizona Republic over sampled Obama voters for this poll :
Table 4 : Answers to 'Who are you planning to vote for ' by ' For whom did you vote for
President in the 2012 election : Barack Obama , Mitt Romney , someone else or did n't you vote
in the presidential election in 2012 ? '
Barack Obama ( N = 407 )
Mitt Romney ( N = 193 )
Someone else ( N = 27 )
Did n't vote ( N = 72 )
Do n't know ( N = 14 )
So the AZ Republic 's poll consisted of :
Democrats - 57 %
Republicans - 23.6 %
Independents - 19.4 %
BEAUTY , the saying has it , is only skin deep . Not true . Skin is important ( the cosmetics industry proves that ) . But so is what lies under it . In particular , the shape of people 's faces , determined by their bone structure , contributes enormously to how beautiful they are . And , since the ultimate point of beauty is to signal who is a good prospect as a mate , what makes a face beautiful is not only an aesthetic matter but also a biological one . How those bone structures arise , and how they communicate desirable traits , are big evolutionary questions .
Until now , experiments to try to determine the biological basis of beauty have been of the please-look-at-these-photographs-and-answer-some-questions variety . Some useful and not necessarily obvious results have emerged , such as that one determinant of beauty is facial symmetry .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
But what would really help is a breeding experiment which allowed the shapes of faces to be followed across the generations to see how those shapes relate to variations in things that might be desirable in a mate . These might include fertility , fecundity , social status , present health , and likely resistance to future infection and infestation . Correlations between many of these phenomena and attributes of the body-beautiful have , indeed , been established . But in a pair-forming , highly social species such as Homo sapiens , you also have to live with your co-child-raiser or , at least , collaborate with him or her . So other things may be important in a mate , too , such as an even temper and a friendly outlook .
It would be impossible to do such a breeding experiment on people , of course . But as Irene Elia , a biological anthropologist at Cambridge , realised , it has in fact been done , for the past five decades , on a different species of animal . Dr Elia has published her analysis of this experiment in the Quarterly Review of Biology . The animals in question are foxes .
Foxy ladies , vulpine gents
The story starts in 1959 , in Novosibirsk , Russia . That was when Dmitry Belyaev , a geneticist , began an experiment which continues to this day . He tried to breed silver foxes ( a melanic colour variant , beloved of furriers , of the familiar red fox ) to make them tamer and thus easier for farmers to handle . He found he could , but the process also had other effects : the animals ' coats developed patches of colour ; their ears became floppy ; their skulls became rounded and foreshortened ; their faces flattened ; their noses got stubbier ; and their jaws shortened , thus crowding their teeth .
All told , then , these animals became , to wild foxes , the equivalent of what dogs are to wild wolves . And this was solely the result of selection for what Belyaev called “ friendly ” behaviour—neither fearful nor aggressive , but calm and eager to interact with people .
The link appears to be hormonal . Hormones such as estradiol and neurotransmitters such as serotonin , which regulate behaviour , also regulate some aspects of development . Change one and you will change the other . So in a species where friendliness is favoured because that species is social and the group members have to get on with each other—a species like Homo sapiens , for example—a “ friendly ” face is a feature that might actively be sought , both in mates and in children , because it is a marker of desirable social attitudes . And there is abundant evidence , reviewed by Dr Elia , both that it is indeed actively sought by Homo sapiens , and that it is such a reliable marker .
What men look for in the faces of women , and vice versa , is so well known that research might seem superfluous . Suffice to say , then , that features like those seen in Belyaev 's foxes ( flat faces , small noses , reduced jaws and a large ratio between the height of the cranium and the height of the face ) are on the list . People with large craniofacial ratios are , literally , highbrow .
More intriguingly , the presence or absence of such features skews parents ' attitudes to their offspring . At least 15 studies have shown that mothers treat attractive children more favourably than unattractive ones , even though they say they do n't and may actually believe that . At least one of these studies showed this bias is true from birth .
Some of the details are extraordinary . One researcher , who spent a decade observing how mothers look after young children in supermarkets , found that only 1 % of children judged unattractive by independent assessors were safely secured in the seats of grocery carts . In the case of the most attractive the figure was 13 % . Another researcher studied police photographs of children who had been abused and found such children had lower craniofacial ratios than those who had not been .
In a state of nature , this sort of behaviour would surely translate into selective death and thus the spread of the facial features humans are pleased to describe as “ beautiful ” . If such features do indicate a propensity to friendly , sociable behaviour , as they do in foxes , then such behaviours will spread too .
Crucially for Dr Elia 's hypothesis , they do indeed indicate such a propensity . Even as children , according to 33 separate studies , the attractive are better adjusted and more popular than the ugly ( they also have higher intelligence , which assists social skills ) . And of course , they have less difficulty finding a mate—and as a result have more children themselves . One study found that the most beautiful women in it had up to 16 % more offspring than their less-favoured sisters . Conversely , the least attractive men had 13 % fewer than their more handsome confrères .
The beholder 's eye
An appreciation of what is “ beautiful ” , moreover , seems innate—as Dr Elia 's hypothesis requires it should be . Babies a few days old prefer pictures of the faces of people whom their elders would define as beautiful to those they would not , regardless of the sex and race of either the baby or the person in the photo .
People also seem to be more beautiful now than they were in the past—precisely as would be expected if beauty is still evolving . This has been shown by assessing the beauty of reconstructions of the faces of early humans . ( Such reconstructions , sometimes used in murder cases where only skeletal remains of the victim are available , produce reliable depictions of recently dead people , so the assumption is that ancients really did look like the reconstructions made of them . )
None of this absolutely proves Dr Elia 's hypothesis . But it looks plausible . If she is right , facial beauty ceases to be an arbitrary characteristic and instead becomes a reliable marker of underlying desirable behaviour . It is selected for both in the ways beautiful children are brought up , and in the number of children the beautiful have . Face it .
Donald Trump 's march to the nomination is up against a roadblock in Ohio : Kasichmentum .
Gov . John Kasich , who barely registered in national polls for most of the primary , just beat Trump in his home state of Ohio , a winner-take-all state worth 66 delegates .
It still puts Kasich behind Ted Cruz in the delegate count , which does n't make for an easy path to victory . But winning the nomination at this point is not Kasich 's primary goal . Rather , he is positioning himself to strip as many delegates away from Trump as possible – and he 's gambling that if he plays his cards right , he might be the person to prevail in the ensuing chaos .
The Republican establishment is hoping Trump will arrive at the convention with only a plurality of delegates , rather than the majority needed to win the nomination outright . That could potentially let them block him through a contested convention . But to have a decent chance , they need someone to beat Trump in at least one big state on Tuesday . Now that Marco Rubio was blown out in Florida , that leaves Kasich as the establishment 's last best hope .
Kasich has positioned himself as the anti-Trump
Throughout the primary season , Kasich has deliberately campaigned as the only `` nice guy '' in the field , declining to take swipes at his opponents for incremental political gains .
He has sought to make his pragmatism a point of contrast between himself and Trump , particularly after bouts of violence broke out at Trump rallies over the weekend , incited by Trump 's rhetoric .
`` Ohio is going to send a message that we do n't accept those kinds of tactics , '' he said at a rally this weekend . `` That 's why I 'm going to win in this state , that 's why it 'll be a whole new ballgame . ''
But even earlier in the campaign , when Kasich was seeking to make himself competitive in New Hampshire , he softened what were often described as `` brusque '' or `` cranky '' edges . On the trail , he referred to himself as `` the prince of light and hope '' – an obvious allusion to Trump 's insults and rage .
To be fair , though numerous reports rebut his `` nice guy '' persona , Kasich has seemed to display more of a concern for the poor and disadvantaged , even before he decided to run for president .
In 2013 , he became one of the few Republicans to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act and vetoed Republican legislators ' efforts to undo that expansion . ( That action alone has fueled many of the claims that Kasich is a `` moderate . '' ) He has also been known to increase spending on anti-poverty welfare programs , a fact that has not won him many friends among Republican politicians .
And those efforts , combined with an optimistic tone on the trail , seem to be paying off for Kasich in states that have large proportions of voters looking for a more pragmatic Trump alternative .
In New Hampshire , for example , exit polling shows that voters looking for a clear Trump alternative turned to Kasich . Voters who said they were `` dissatisfied '' ( rather than `` angry '' ) with Washington overwhelmingly voted for Kasich . Republicans with a college degree picked Kasich , while Trump drew a groundswell of support from voters with only a high school education . And Kasich was the top choice of Republicans saying they 'd like to elect a president with previous experience in government , even beating out Marco Rubio in New Hampshire .
Kasich is an orthodox Republican who knows how to work across the aisle
In contrast to the frontrunners – who have adopted extreme , arguably unachievable positions such as deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants – Kasich has been wrongly cast as a moderate .
Kasich is no moderate . More precisely , he is an orthodox Republican on fiscal and social issues , with an occasional independent streak .
The Ohio Republican got his start in politics with an election to the state Senate in 1976 . Kasich , who ousted a sitting Democrat , was only 26 at the time and became the youngest state senator in Ohio 's history .
He went on to serve in the House from 1983 to 2001 , developing his reputation as a devout fiscal conservative . He targeted programs for cuts across the board , including programs supported by both Democrats and fellow Republicans . He teamed up with an unlikely ally , Ralph Nader , to cut down on corporate tax loopholes , and elsewhere took repeated aim at wasteful defense spending .
During his career in the House , Kasich is perhaps best known for chairing the Budget Committee in the latter half of Bill Clinton 's presidency . Under his leadership , Congress balanced the federal budget for the first time in nearly 30 years , partly by means-testing Medicare . He also shepherded passage of the oft-maligned welfare reform bill of 1996 , which made welfare benefits more temporary .
Kasich also talks about his time in the House to demonstrate his willingness to cross the aisle . Though that was occasionally true – he famously voted in favor of the 1994 assault weapons ban , a fact he 's not likely to publicize now – he mostly stuck to his fiscally conservative agenda .
As governor of Ohio , a position he gained in 2010 , Kasich has furthered this record as an unmistakable conservative . One of his first acts in public office was an attempt to restrict the power of public employee unions , similar to the type of reform that his northern neighbor , Gov . Scott Walker of Wisconsin , achieved .
He signed a law that prohibited all public employees from striking and restricted their ability to negotiate health care and pension benefits . But the law received swift backlash . In 2011 , a repeal measure was placed on the Ohio ballot , and the law was struck down by a 61 to 39 percent margin . Following that defeat , Kasich dropped further efforts to curb collective bargaining .
But he has forged ahead on other issues . He has opposed regulating coal in his state , a major industry there , despite being one of the few Republicans in his party to acknowledge human involvement in climate change .
He opposed any efforts to legalize recreational or medical marijuana in his state , though when asked whether he would enforce federal drug laws against states who have legalized the substance , he wavered .
And on the issue of abortion , Kasich 's loyalties are unequivocal : He signed no fewer than 16 new anti-abortion provisions into Ohio law , including one barring abortion providers from seeking admitting privileges with public hospitals . ( Abortion providers are required to have such admitting privileges at a hospital to remain open . ) He also stripped about $ 1.4 million in funding from Planned Parenthood , sending chunks of the money instead to crisis pregnancy centers , which do not provide abortion referrals .
Overall , he maintains a favorable rating in the high 70s among Ohio Republicans , a sign he 's kept his party pleased . The fact that Trump has nevertheless made Ohio a competitive primary state , against a hugely popular sitting governor , is a real testament to how much Trump has upended the race .
Kasich ca n't win the nomination , but that 's not the point
Over the past few weeks , Kasich remained laser-focused on winning Ohio , barnstorming up and down the state with a fiercely optimistic and anti-Trump message .
His campaign organization , in coordination with the state Republican Party , has laid out a formidable ground game that his team is betting will win him the state .
From here , they 're hoping his win will propel him to the sort of name recognition needed to win Northeastern states , where the primary calendar will soon turn .
But the delegate math is daunting . Ohio , one of the first winner-take-all states , carries 66 delegates . That more than doubles Kasich 's present total , at 63 . Still , his current standing makes it essentially impossible for him to reach the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright , even if he does begin racking up wins in more states as the race progresses . ( That proposition in itself is daunting , given Trump 's successes in states like New Hampshire , Vermont , and Massachusetts . )
Trump , who currently holds 464 delegates , is much closer to reaching the magic number – which was why Kasich wanted to snatch Ohio away from him .
Kasich is no longer pretending that the reality is any different , openly acknowledging that his strategy involves forcing a contested convention .
`` No one is going to have the numbers , '' he said on ABC last week .
Commentators have therefore included Kasich in a larger stop-Trump strategy , framing the stakes in Ohio as more of a blow to Trump than a personal victory for the Ohio governor .
Mitt Romney , who has implored the Republican Party to do what it can to stop Trump , recorded robocalls supporting Kasich in Ohio and Rubio in Florida .
Even Rubio 's campaign , in a last-ditch stop Trump effort , urged voters in Ohio to pick Kasich over him in that contest .
But Kasich , ever the optimist , has his own ideas . His campaign rejected Rubio 's support and did not instruct Kasich voters in Florida to flock to Rubio , as some Republicans might have hoped .
In refusing to cooperate in a coordinated Trump takedown strategy , Kasich may be inadvertently helping the frontrunner by continuing to split votes .
But in his estimation , the move was necessary to force Rubio out of the race , leaving him as the last establishment Republican standing . It worked .
Washington Redskins linebacker Houston Bates accounts for three of the Redskins ' nine sacks this preseason . ( Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post )
With a mandate to improve a lackluster pass rush , Redskins general manager Scot McCloughan used his second-round draft pick on Mississippi State 's Preston Smith . Then at the outset of training camp , he signed Junior Galette , who registered 22 sacks the last two seasons , just days after the NFL veteran was jettisoned by the New Orleans Saints .
But two games into the preseason , it 's an unheralded player who has left the biggest mark on opposing quarterbacks , former Louisiana Tech defensive end Houston Bates , whom McCloughan signed as an undrafted free agent on May 18 .
The 6-1 , 245-pound Bates has accounted for three of the defense 's nine sacks in the Redskins ' victories over Cleveland and Detroit .
A Louisiana native , Bates played three seasons at Illinois before transferring to Louisiana Tech . Getting passed over in the recent NFL draft was a disappointment , particularly after he 'd had an impressive pro day , running a 4.6-second 40-yard dash , and devoted the spring to working with a pass-rushing specialist in Arizona .
After a tryout with the Houston Texans did n't lead to a contract , he considered passing on an invitation to work out for the Redskins .
“ It was the first time in my life that I let doubt kind of seep in . I said , ‘ You know what , this is not going to be for me . I 'm going to hang it up and follow my hospital administration degree and go out in the medical field , ' ” Bates told reporters on a recent conference call . “ But something told me to just go and give it my last shot and if I 'm going to go home , go home banged up but give it everything I 've got . ”
His transition to the pros , which has meant shifting from college defensive end to NFL outside linebacker , has been relatively smooth . The main difference , Bates said , is doing everything faster without abandoning sound technique .
“ I 'll do anything to help this team and organization , ” said Bates , who 's third on the outside linebacker depth chart , behind starter Trent Murphy . “ I 'll play linebacker or defensive end — whatever they need me to do . ”
As for these three sacks in two preseason games , Bates said they 've been a combination of applying lessons from the Redskins coaching staff and playing on instinct .
“ I 'm just taking what they 're giving me , reading the offensive linemen and just taking advantage of whatever their sets are , ” Bates said . “ Our coaches have been doing a really nice job of giving us tools to use in the game with hand skills and get-off and stuff like that . Just taking advantage of everything they 're giving me . …
“ But at the end of the day , it 's football and playing defense and playing instinctively , so it does n't really matter the position . You 've just got to go out there , give 100 percent effort and tackle . ”
Bates played a good bit of special teams in college , as well , and that should help his case for a roster spot given the season-ending injuries suffered by the Redskins ' top two contributors on the unit — special team 's captain Adam Hayward , who was placed on injured reserve on Saturday after tearing an ACL , and tight end Niles Paul , who recently underwent surgery on his shattered , dislocated ankle .
“ I know the importance of special teams in the NFL , ” Bates said . “ A guy like me , being an undrafted free agent , it 's going to be key and very important for me to make a vital role on special teams and do the most I can with it . ”
More from the Post
Griffin could return against Baltimore , but Hayward is out for season
Jones , Thompson jolt run game | McCoy and Cousins shine vs. backups
Five observations from the Redskins ' second preseason game
More NFL : Redskins | News feed | Bog on Redskins | Fantasy football
Follow : @ MikeJonesWaPo | @ lizclarketweet | @ JerryBrewer | @ Insider
`` If I was Trump , I would do the exact opposite of Obama , '' Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) said . | Carolyn Kaster/AP Photo Graham : Iran protests show Obama failed
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said Sunday the wave of protests in Iran are example of President Barack Obama 's failed policies for the country and the region .
`` The people are not getting the benefit of sanctions relief , '' the Republican senator told Major Garrett on CBS ' `` Face the Nation . '' `` They are more upset with their oppressors than ever , the money from sanctions relief is going to rebuilding the Iranian military and is destabilizing the Middle East . ''
Story Continued Below
Graham , who is regarded as a foreign policy hawk , said he would advise President Donald Trump to do the opposite of his predecessor in addressing protests in Iran . As a first step , the three-term senator called on Trump to give a public address on why the Iran nuclear deal has `` failed '' and to lay out what a better deal would look like .
In 2009 , Obama condemned `` unjust actions '' as Iranian leaders thwarted an uprising known as `` Green Revolution '' after a disputed presidential election . While Obama gave increasingly harsher critiques of how protesters were treated , his administration was criticized for not being more forceful and direct .
Since Thursday , Iranians have protested throughout the country due to frustration with a sluggish economy .
`` If I was Trump , I would do the exact opposite of Obama , '' Graham said . `` Obama said , I do n't want to get involved , I do n't want to mess up the chance of a deal with Iran . Well , the deal with Iran has not worked . ''
Trump could the end U.S. involvement in the nuclear agreement as soon as next month . But before making such a move , Graham called on Trump to urge Congress and America 's European allies to renegotiate the deal . In the past , the European Union and the other major countries behind the deal have said they would not revisit the accord and that they consider it binding .
`` The Iranian people are not our enemy , '' Graham said . `` The Ayatollah is the enemy of the world . ''
Jessamyn West in the Northfield Library
“ I love love love the Roxbury Library ! ” declares Jessamyn West , who might be the librarian laureate of Vermont , if there were such a thing . The one-story building housing the Roxbury Free Library is indeed charming . It 's tiny and staffed by a welcoming librarian , and its bathroom ( built only a few years ago , when indoor plumbing was finally installed ) features a gorgeous marble floor hand-cut by a local craftsman .
But West 's enthusiastic love for this library — and all libraries , really — runs deeper than mere appreciation of their quaintness or beauty .
West is visiting Roxbury ( pop . 691 ) , the geographic center of the state , for the latest of her many projects highlighting issues of community information access . She 's visiting and photographing every single one of Vermont 's 183 public libraries . So far , she 's hit about a sixth of the total .
West is already a member of the 251 Club — an unofficial group of people who 've visited each of Vermont 's 251 towns or are working on it . But she set out on her library project as a way not only to revisit favorite locales ( “ I love them all . I love every town , ” she says ) , but to call attention to the importance of libraries in Vermont communities .
West , 45 , has many titles . She 's the community technology librarian at the Randolph Technical Career Center ( RTCC ) ; director of operations for the community weblog MetaFilter ( disclosure : this author is also a MetaFilter member ) ; the founder of Librarian.net , one of the first and most comprehensive library-related blogs ; a popular speaker , teacher and anticensorship warrior ; and a justice of the peace . Inasmuch as librarians may be described as “ famous , ” West has earned that descriptor .
At the moment , she 's informally tracking her progress through Vermont 's libraries , using both online and paper-and-highlighter technologies . But someday she 'd like to see her project take the form of a passport-and-stamp tour book , she says , or “ a little self-serve website ” for literarily inclined road-trippers .
Each of Vermont 's libraries , no matter how small , West says , is a source of “ unbiased advice about the things that are interested in their areas … and a way to get to know a community [ better ] than going to see a tourist attraction . ”
And let 's not forget , she adds , “ The restrooms are clean ! ”
While visiting four public libraries on a recent foggy afternoon , West checks out books and videos , buys holiday raffle tickets , admires a kids-only computer , chats with staffers about patron bases , and , in Roxbury , peruses unique historical town documents . That 's exactly the kind of important information , she points out , that has not yet been digitized .
At the Kimball Public Library in West 's hometown of Randolph , a brief chat with a librarian leads her to a book she had n't known about : Patricia W. Belding 's Where the Books Are : the History and Architecture of Vermont 's Public Libraries With Photos and Anecdotes . Delighted , West checks the book out and reads from it on the way to her next stop , the Brookfield Free Public Library .
Above all , West values libraries because they are committed to providing access to information and knowledge . And access is a topic about which she is well informed and passionate . She 's written a book , Without a Net : Librarians Bridging the Digital Divide , that addresses the challenges of delivering widespread access to information technology . That problem can be especially acute in Vermont , where many rural areas have very slow internet access or none at all .
West comes armed with statistics from the Vermont Department of Libraries — for example , that 19 of the state 's 183 public libraries lack internet access . Though she says she does n't believe that web access is the ultimate goal of a library , West would certainly like to enhance all Vermonters ' access to information .
That 's a task she sees as a primary concern of the modern librarian . “ We 're not going to solve the digital divide just by making another website to help people navigate the digital divide , ” West says . If a person with zero computer experience is simply plunked down in front of a terminal and told , “ ‘ Sign up for health care , ' ” she adds , “ well , that does n't actually solve a problem . ”
Libraries stand quietly at the forefront of the response to a number of other challenging issues , not the least of which is privacy . West refers to a recent incident in Randolph in which local police , investigating a crime , requested access to library computers . Insisting that their first responsibility was to the privacy of their patrons , librarians insisted the cops get a warrant . The authorities did so , but a minor controversy arose about the relative values of safety and privacy .
Issues of copyright and digital rights management technologies ( designed to limit post-sale access to digital content ) get West particularly fired up , especially when , for instance , media companies harass a library for arranging a public showing of a DVD that it legally owns . This is a legal gray area , and West says it frustrates her immensely , but she understands why some libraries do n't try to push the envelope . “ For a public servant , breaking the law — even a stupid law — is a path that 's fraught with peril , ” says West , who favors what she calls “ reasonable copyright . ”
For these and other opinions , West is regarded within the library world as a bit of a rabble-rouser . She 's no great fan of the American Library Association , an organization she 's taken to task for what she sees as its inadequate grasp of digital technology . West has also attracted attention for her efforts to fight the USA PATRIOT Act .
Giant library organizations may not be West 's biggest fans , but local librarians adore her almost as much as she adores them . At RTCC , West leads a variety of computer classes for students of all experience levels . Ruth Durkee , West 's supervisor and the assistant director of adult education at RTCC , describes her classes as “ hugely popular. ” Durkee says of West , “ She will not be quiet if she sees something that she thinks libraries should be doing that they are n't doing . ”
Virgil Fuller is the director of the Chelsea Public Library and a friend of West 's . ( She 's officiating his upcoming nuptials . ) Fuller notes that in Vermont , as in other states , library funding is tight , and that 's why he feels state libraries are fortunate to have West as an advocate . “ She does nothing but good things for libraries , ” he says .
West understands and even embodies the challenges that small libraries face in the digital age . While her current project may result in a GPS-tagged , interactive website , she says , she is delighted to be using an obscure , out-of-print book as a source in its creation .
“ Oh , man , ” she exclaims , glancing at her iPhone . “ I forgot to check in on Foursquare at the other library ! ”
The original print version of this article was headlined `` Information , Please ''
Commentary :
( MoneyWatch ) When Zynga ( ZNGA ) announced preliminary financial results for the third quarter yesterday , the news was bad -- between warnings of a loss this quarter and lowered expectations for the year . The stock is currently down more than 17 percent from yesterday , and is at below $ 3 a share a far cry from the IPO price of $ 15 .
The bad news , though , offers an important lesson for technology entrepreneurs and for investors . A little humility can go a long way to avoiding the danger that hubris presents .
The ugly details
Although CEO Mark Pincus put as upbeat a spin as he could on the financial news that he called `` disappointing , '' it was clear that things were bad , particularly when he wrote of `` targeted cost reductions , '' which often means layoffs in corporate-speak . Here are the reasons why :
Mobile games are n't performing as the company had expected . That is particularly bad because Zynga depends on the success of Facebook ( FB ) , and the social network has its own challenges with making money from mobile .
Even its mainstay games are underperforming from where the company thought they would be .
The company will write off between $ 85 million and $ 95 million of what it paid for OMGPOP , maker of the game `` Draw Something '' that was supposed to bring in new customers and revenue .
The current quarter will see a projected loss of between $ 90 million and $ 105 million . That means even without the OMGPOP write-off , the company would have lost money .
Zynga has significantly lowered its guidance for the entire year by 8 percent to 28 percent , according to Sterne Agee analyst Arvind Bhatia .
However , the biggest problem is not the loss or drop in revenue . It 's the fact that management was n't able to see the issues and either fix or communicate them in advance .
The almighty CEO
Much is expected from the head of a public company . Investors and regulators want transparent insight into how the business is performing . You have to produce growth while acknowledging and addressing the barriers that might keep you from it . And , critically , you must harness the insight and experience of a management team and board of directors , yielding to advice when it makes sense , staying the course to avoid going off track .
Early on , Pincus showed determination and even success . Zynga 's annual revenue was reaching $ 1 billion even before it went public . But when the IPO came , the stock structure was a clue that he might have a little too much faith in himself .
As has become the popular path among many tech companies with recent IPOs , Zynga has multiple classes of stock . Some have greater voting rights than others . Pincus has virtual complete control over the company , so his view has prevailed , even as his strategy has remained largely unchanged .
When someone has all the votes , it can become difficult to hear the concern of others who are also close to the company because , after all , the person in charge does n't really have to . The lesson for entrepreneurs is to realize that no one is right all the time and that if you structure a company so you are accountable only to yourself , chances are greater that you will ignore warnings from employees and associates that might let you avoid a strategic mistake .
Crossing your fingers is n't an investment strategy
Rolfe Winkler at the Wall Street Journal made a good point that Zynga could become the `` first super-voting cautionary tale '' among tech companies . When the trend started with Google years ago , investors became accustomed to having no effective voting power when it came to running a company .
And , why should they have cared , so long as the growth was constant , and the revenue and profits strong ? But honeymoons do n't last forever . For example , investors in News Corp ( NEWS ) have faced no practical answer to whatever Rupert Murdoch and his family wanted , even during the phone hacking scandals of the company 's British newspaper arm .
Zynga is showing how complete control by a founder , even in tech , can be a poor idea , and there are enough other companies facing poor performance under tight control -- Facebook and Groupon ( GRPN ) come to mind -- that show the problem may not be so isolated .
Did you know , the average office worker uses 10,000 sheets of copy paper each year ? What about the fact that the United States has less than five percent of the world 's population , yet consumes 30 percent of the world 's paper ? The U.S. EPA estimates that paper and paperboard account for almost 40 percent of our garbage . A large amount of this waste can be prevented by implementing a workplace plan to reduce waste . Here are some helpful tips in creating a greener office environment : Print double sided documents
Send any company communications through email only , or post to bulletin board
Use economy print settings on printers and copiers
Use personal mugs instead of paper cups
Purchase products with the maximum post-consumer recycled content available
Purchase refillable ink cartridges
Order office supplies in bulk to reduce packaging
Buy paper that is produced by a company with a stated commitment to environmental stewardship and minimizing ecological impacts while ensuring long-term sustainable production .
Purchase and specify post-consumer recycled content papers . This helps expand the recycling market and assure recycling programs stay viable and effective . It also closes the loop by diverting waste from landfills and incinerators .
Keep your mailing list updated . Evaluate your data , delete duplicates , remove those who have requested to be off , and target your mailings to specific audiences .
Reuse packing material whenever possible .
Use less paper – go digital whenever posible
Invest in rechargable batteries
Unsubscribe from junk mail sent to the office
Use a dual stream recycling system— separate plastic , glass , metal and paper products .
If you have n't already downloaded our Office Recycling Checklist , you can find it here .
A small investment in planning and maintaining an office recycling program will make you , your employees and your clients feel better about having a positive impact on the environment .
image via Epsos.de on flickr
Adult Swim and TBS topped key demos for the week , with TBS leading the charge as basic cable 's # 1 network with adults 18-49 in primetime and Adult Swim taking first place among adults 18-34 in primetime and in both primetime and total day .
Adult Swim also won the race for total viewers and adults 18-49 in total day .
Cartoon Network ranked as the # 1 television network in total day delivery of kids 6-11 and all key boy demos .
On the multiplatform front , Turner Digital scored four of comScore 's Top 20 ad-supported broadcast/cable networks in multi-platform unique visitors for the month of January 2015 .
NBA All-Star Delivers across Turner Sports platforms
Turner Sports ' extensive coverage of NBA All-Star 2015 delivered significant audience totals – with more than 27.5 million viewers tuning in to watch live All-Star event programming throughout the weekend – and growth across all screens . Turner Sports ' coverage of the NBA All-Star Game , simulcast on TNT and TBS , averaged 7.2 million total viewers and a 4.3 U.S. HH rating to rank as the most-viewed and highest-rated sports program of the week .
One day earlier , TNT 's presentation of State Farm All-Star Saturday Night generated an average of 6.1 million total viewers and a 3.4 U.S. HH rating to register as the second most-viewed sports program of the week .
The weekend 's NBA All-Star live event coverage set ratings records in New York , the host city of the event . Sunday 's NBA All-Star Game earned an 8.8 locally in New York , the highest rating throughout Turner 's history televising the event , and State Farm All-Star Saturday Night netted a 7.2 local rating in NY , the highest on record for the event in the market .
Over the course of the weekend , NBA All-Star events airing across Turner networks were the most-discussed programming across all television , according to Social Guide . Collectively , NBA All-Star Game and State Farm All-Star Saturday Night content published across Turner 's NBA on TNT and NBA TV accounts via Facebook and Twitter reached a gross audience of more than 150 million fans and followers and generated more than 25 million video views .
NBA All-Star content also propelled growth across live video streams , including Turner 's TV Everywhere platforms , with nearly a +90 % increase for State Farm All-Star Saturday Night and more than +50 % improvement for the NBA All-Star Game .
In addition , NBA TV ‘ s special All-Star edition of NBA Inside Stuff delivered a +35 % increase among total viewers for its first two cumulative airings throughout the weekend . NBA TV also saw viewership increases for Sunday 's Inside the NBA post-game show ( +16 % ) , the network 's pre-game concert ( +15 % ) and NBA D-League All-Star Game ( +18 % ) telecasts .
Cartoon Network
Cartoon Network continues its incredible momentum into February , ranking # 1 in total day delivery of kids 6-11 and all key boys on all TV for the week of Jan. 26 . Total day delivery grew between +3 % and +10 % among all key kids vs. last year .
Cartoon Network programming took the Top 12 telecasts of the week among boys 6-11 on basic cable .
Cartoon Network 's Thursday Night continues to dominate , with the Jan. 29 lineup making the network television 's # 1 destination among all key kids and growing by double and triple digits across all targeted demos ( +52 % to +118 % ) . Teen Titans Go ! ( 6p ) ranked as the # 1 telecast of the week among kids 2-11/6-11 & all key boys on basic cable , and # 1 for the day among all targeted demos vs. all TV . Additionally , all other Thursday Night premieres ranked # 1 in their respective time periods among kids & boys 2-11/6-11 .
Adult Swim
Adult Swim ranked as basic cable 's # 1 network for the week of Jan. 26 in total day delivery of adults 18-24 , 18-34 , & 18-49 and men 18-24 , 18-34 , & 18-49 . The network also ranked # 1 in primetime among adults 18-34 .
The Jan. 30 premiere of Newsreaders ( 12a ) ranked # 1 in its time period adults and men 18-24 and 18-34 . Delivery among adults 18-24 increased by +13 % over last year .
The Feb. 1 episode of Mike Tyson Mysteries ( 11:30p ) won its time period among adults 18-24 .
Adult Swim telecasts , including the original series Robot Chickenand Mike Tyson Mysteries , accounted for 25 of the Top 50 telecasts of the week on basic cable among adults 18-34 , more than any other network .
TBS
TBS topped the basic cable charts in Live + 7 delivery for the week of Jan. 26 , ranking as the # 1 network in primetime delivery of adults 18-49 . TBS also came in a very close second behind Adult Swim among adults 18-34 in primetime .
TBS 's Cougar Town scored solid growth across the board with its Jan. 27 episode and encores , drawing a combined audience of 3.0 million viewers in Live + 7 delivery ( +7 % vs. the prior week ) . In key demos , the the comedy landed 1.8 million adults 18-49 ( +8 % ) and 749,000 adults 18-34 ( +10 % ) . So far in its sixth and final season , Cougar Town is reaching an average of 2.9 million viewers per episode across TBS 's linear telecasts and DVR , VOD , digital and mobile plays .
TBS 's King of the Nerds garnered a combined audience of 1.9 million viewers in Live + 7 delivery for its Jan. 30 episode and encores . The show charted strong growth in key demos , delivering 625,000 adults 18-34 ( +38 % vs. prior week ) and 1.3 million adults 18-49 ( +13 % ) . For the third season so far , King of the Nerds is reaching an average of 2.7 million viewers per episode across all of TBS 's television , digital , and mobile platforms .
TNT
TNT 's investigative series Cold Justice booked 2.6 million viewers in Live + 7 delivery for its Jan. 30 episode and encore , including 1.0 million adults 25-54 . So far this season , the powerful series is reaching an average of 3.5 million viewers per episode across all of TNT 's television , digital and mobile platforms .
Transporter The Series showed big gains as its Jan. 31 episode and encore drew a combined audience of 2.4 million viewers in Live + 7 delivery , a hefty +21 % increase compared to the prior week . The growth was also strong in key demos , with 815,000 adults 25-54 ( +17 % vs. the prior week ) and 689,000 adults 18-49 ( +28 % ) . With additional DVR , replays and multiplatform viewing included , season 2 of Transporter The Series reached an average of 3.2 million viewers per episode .
truTV
truTV 's Impractical Jokers scored 2.1 million viewers in Live + 7 delivery for its Jan. 29 season premiere and ranked # 2 in its timeslot among key demos , including adults 18-34 & 18-49 and men 18-34 & 18-49 . The series also continues to be a hit across genders , with incredible # 1 rankings for both women 18-49 and women 18-34 .
Impractical Jokers scored more adults 18-49 than two premiere competitive programs combined : History 's Pawnography and MTV 's Rob Dyrdek Fantasy Factory 7 . The show also outdelivered its Oct. 30 season 3 finale by wide margins in all key demos , including adults 18-49 ( +57 % ) , men 18-49 ( +45 % ) , adults 18-34 ( +55 % ) , men 18-34 ( +65 % ) , women 18-49 ( +74 % ) , women 18-34 ( +44 % ) and total viewers ( +39 % ) .
For the week of Jan. 26 , truTV yielded a weekly median age of 37 across its primetime schedule , seven years younger than the same week a year ago .
Sen. Marco Rubio is flanked by Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart ( left ) and Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen as they speak with a Venezuelan opposition leader via speaker phone July 28 , 2017 . | J. Scott Applewhite / AP Photo Venezuelan leader may have launched Rubio assassination plot
As Marco Rubio helped ratchet up U.S. pressure on Venezuela , a top politician believed to control that country 's security forces began actively discussing a plot to kill the Florida senator last month and may have wanted to use Mexican nationals for the assassination plot , according to a Department of Homeland Security memo sent to state and local law enforcement .
The alleged threats from the Venezuelan politician , Diosdado Cabello Rondon , were not specific and were n't corroborated by enough sources to merit a detailed explanation , according to the memo , but the situation was worrying enough to prompt Capitol Police and law enforcement in Miami-Dade County to provide security for Rubio .
Story Continued Below
The Miami Herald first reported details of the memo Sunday .
Despite the potential threat , Rubio has continued to speak out against Venezuelan strongman Nicolas Maduro , has pushed for more sanctions and even engaged in a brief Twitter exchange with Cabello Rondon last week when the senator accused the Venezuelan official of involvement in drug trafficking , which Cabello Rondon has denied .
“ In some unspecified manner , CABELLO RONDON 's problems involved U.S . Senator Marco Rubio , ” said the memo , obtained by POLITICO , which is not releasing information that could endanger Rubio , his family or confidential law enforcement methods or sources .
The memo said that Cabello Rondon may even have discussed raising the money to kill Rubio or deal with the “ problems ” facing Venezuela 's ruling regime .
“ CABELLO RONDON did indeed issue an order ... to have Senator Rubio assassinated , ” the memo said . “ Additionally , CABELLO RONDON was communicating with unspecified Mexican nationals in furtherance of the matter . ”
POLITICO Pulse newsletter Get the latest on the health care fight , every weekday morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
As Venezuela descended into chaos and a fraud-marred election that enabled Maduro to seize power , the United States labeled him a dictator and slapped individual sanctions on him and other members of his regime .
After a military uprising against Maduro was quashed , Rubio on Aug. 6 called out Cabello Rondon on Twitter and said the incident “ shows whoare in charge of security forces in # Venezuela . ”
Cabello Rondon replied in Spanish by accusing Rubio of imperialism and as “ the defender of the terrorists who attacked Fort Paramacay , ” a Venezuelan military base attacked earlier this month , apparently by dissident security forces .
He also called Rubio “ Narco Rubio ” — an ironic nickname considering that Cabello Rondon has long been suspected by the United States of involvement in drug trafficking , which he has denied .
“ Diosdado ‘ Pablo Escobar ' Cabello is unusually nervous and frantic this morning , ” Rubio replied at the time .
Share
Apple sold 2.53 million laptops in the first quarter of 2016 , a 40.4 percent quarterly decline , according to research firm TrendForce .
The first quarter of any given year is never great for laptop sellers , coming between the holiday shopping season and the launch of new products . Even in that context , this is n't great news for Apple . The MacBook , MacBook Air , and MacBook Pro combined to sell 3.4 million laptops in the first quarter of 2015 , so this year 's Q1 tally represents decline of 870,000 units compared to last year , MacRumors is reporting .
For context , laptop shipments overall are down 7.3 percent over last year 's first quarter . This means Apple 's market share is down even as competitors also lose ground : Macs made up 7.1 percent of the notebook market in 2016 's first quarter , down from 8.8 percent last year .
Apple has n't done much to shake up its laptop lineup in recent years . The MacBook Air , for example , has n't seen a design overhaul since 2010 . The MacBook Pro line has mostly seen hardware updates since 2012 , leaving the chassis more-or-less identical .
For a long time the weight , display quality , and overall build of Apple laptops clearly put them ahead of the field , and made their high price point easy to justify . That 's no longer the case . Apple 's MacBook Air and Pro are too heavy , too thick , and have outdated displays compared to the competition , all at generally higher price points with lower specs .
The Mac makes up a tiny percentage of Apple 's overall business ; the iPhone makes up the vast majority of Cupertino 's profits . Mac fans are used to being overlooked in Apple 's big announcements . Combine this with an overall decline of laptop sales , and Windows 10 slightly boosting sales of non-Apple laptops , and it 's easy to see how this down quarter happened .
But we ca n't help but wonder : could a revamped MacBook line do better in the market ? Are Apple fans putting off purchases , hoping for up-to-date processors and lighter laptops ? We suppose we 'll find out if and when Apple revamps its laptop lineup .
Voters last week sent Washington a strong message about fixing the federal budget , according to exclusive numbers from a new poll obtained by TPM : Raise taxes on the wealthy and cut the military budget before you touch the nation 's largest entitlement program , Social Security .
The survey of voters who cast ballots last Tuesday — conducted by Democratic pollster PPP and commissioned by the Progressive Change Campaign Committee — found that when respondents were given the choice between cutting the defense budget , raising taxes on the wealthy and cutting Social Security to reduce the deficit , just 12 % said they 'd like to see the entitlement program cut . Forty-three percent said they 'd prefer to see taxes on the wealthy go up , and 22 % said cutting the huge defense budget was the best way to go .
The PCCC hailed the result as evidence that voters are not ready to embrace the conservative economic agenda , even after they just voted a huge number of new conservatives into Congress. “ This polling is remarkable , ” PCCC co-founder Stephanie Taylor said . “ If Democrats compromise on tax cuts for the wealthy , or entertain for one minute the idea of cutting Social Security , it would be both a policy disaster and a monumental political blunder — and they 'd risk losing the Senate and maybe even the White House in 2012 . ”
The partisan breakdown of the results shows that Republicans , Democrats and independents agree that cutting Social Security is the least acceptable option of the three presented in the poll . It came in third among all respondents who made a choice . But the plurality of independents and Republicans said they did n't know which option is best — 36 % of Republicans said they were “ not sure ” which to choose among the three and 35 % of independents said the same thing . Among the total sample , 23 % said they were unsure .
On the campaign trail , Republicans rarely put the deficit solution in such stark terms . Most candidates referred to tax cuts and vague promises to slash government largess as the way to close the deficit . The polling suggests many Republicans and Independents — groups which overwhelmingly voted in favor of the House 's new Republican majority — still lean toward other solutions than those presented in the PCCC poll .
Democrats , on the other hand , have their mind made up . Sixty-six percent said they 'd prefer to see taxes on the wealthy go up to shrink the deficit , 28 % said they 'd prefer the military cuts and just 3 % said cut Social Security . Only 3 % said they were unsure .
“ Even among a skewed 2010 electorate with low Democratic turnout and high Republican turnout , there is a huge appetite for raising taxes on the wealthy and even taking on the military-industrial complex , ” Taylor said .
PPP surveyed 548 voters Nov. 2 and 3 . The margin of error for the poll is 4.2 % .
Delman : We all think of Hitler as the prototypical nationalist , and being one who utilized nationalism and was a fervent nationalist in his own right , but according to you , Hitler does n't believe in the state as an institution . He thinks it 's an abstraction , possibly even a Jewish invention . He only believes in the race . So , in your view , what was Hitler 's relationship with the German nation-state ?
Snyder : … [ I ] f we think that Hitler was just a nationalist , but more so , or just an authoritarian , but more so , we 're missing the capacity for evil completely . If Hitler had just been a German nationalist who wanted to rule over Germans—if he was just an authoritarian who wanted to have a strong state—the Holocaust could not have happened . The Holocaust could happen because he was neither of those things . He was n't really a nationalist . He was a kind of racial anarchist who thought that the only good in the world was for races to compete , and so he thought that the Germans would probably win in a racial competition , but he was n't sure . And as far as he was concerned , if the Germans lost , that was also alright . And that 's just not a view that a nationalist can hold . I think a nationalist can not sacrifice his entire people on the altar of the idea that there has to be racial competition , which is what Hitler did , and that 's what made him different from a Romanian nationalist , or a Hungarian nationalist , or what have you . At the end of the war , Hitler said , ‘ Well the Germans lost , that just shows the Russians are stronger . So be it . That 's the verdict of nature . ' I do n't think a nationalist would say that .
And with the state , if anything that 's even more important . Hitler does n't so much make the German state stronger than prepare the German state to be an instrument for destroying other states , which is what the SS [ Nazi paramilitary organization ] does , and what the concentration camps are models for . And insofar as German power reaches outward , beginning in 1938 , and destroys Austria , Czechoslovakia , and Poland , and then tries to destroy the Soviet Union , it creates a zone where the escalation of the Final Solution is possible . And again , that 's only possible—killing Jews is only possible—because states are destroyed . And the idea in the end , which is not true of course , … [ is that ] this racial struggle is going to eventually transform the German race until there 'll be some kind of final revolution at the end . That of course never happens .
Delman : In your view , Hitler 's anti-Semitism and beliefs were all completely genuine ? They were n't a cynical ploy to play off of popular frustrations and consolidate power ?
Snyder : It 's the other way around . So , Hitler uses popular frustrations to come to power . He uses the Great Depression to come to power . He presents himself precisely as a German nationalist who is going to get the German economy going , who is going to bring Germans inside the borders of Germany . That 's how he presents himself , but that is a lie . He 's quite consciously manipulating German national sentiment to get to power and then to start the war , which he thinks will transform the Germans , as it were , from a nation into a race . So he 's aware that German nationalism is a force in the world , but he 's just using it in order to create the world that he wants , which is this world of racial struggle . And he 's actually pretty explicit about that , which is pretty striking . So he knows that the Germans care about Germany , but he does n't . He actually just wants to manipulate their attachment to Germany—to toss them out into this struggle , which will purify them and so on .
Delman : You have this leader of a major power . He 's a racial anarchist—he does n't believe in the validity of states , or laws , or ethics , or even history , and claims them as either Jewish lies or abstractions that get in the way of the “ law of the jungle , ” as you put it and as he put it . In your view , could a leader who thinks this way ever be rational ? Could they understand cause-and-effect and cost-and-benefit ?
September 29 , 2014 | admintam
Carl Gibson
“ … the Persian Gulf , the critical oil and natural gas-producing region that we fought so many wars to try and protect our economy from the adverse impact of losing that supply or having it available only at very high prices. ” –John Bolton , George W. Bush 's ambassador to the United Nations
( ReaderSupportedNews ) All the hubbub over Syria is all about oil . And if you do n't believe me , believe John Bolton . All the hubbub over Syria is all about oil . And if you do n't believe me , believe John Bolton .
When there 's something being talked about in the news on a regular basis , and if one angle of the story is being consistently reported by various reputable news organizations , you can be sure there 's something else to the story that is n't being told . Matt Taibbi called this “ chumpbait ” when referring to the media 's unified dismissal concerning Bradley Manning 's court-martial . The same applies to the latest corporate media stories speculating on US military involvement in Syria . Image credit : roy.luck
If the US were really concerned about spreading Democracy in the Middle East , we 'd be helping the Occupy Gezi movement oust Turkish Prime Minister Ergodan and condemning his violent suppression of human rights , rather than assisting the Free Syrian Army . And the only reason the powers controlling the US would be interested in intervening in Turkey would be if Turkish protesters or government forces shut down the highly-productive Kirkuk-Ceyhan oil pipeline , which goes from Iraq through Southern Turkey .
All of the media has been atwitter about whether or not the US should get involved in the civil war unfolding in Syria by supporting anti-government forces . The atrocities recently committed by the Free Syrian Army are reminiscent of the kind committed against the Soviets in the 1980s by the Afghan mujahideen , whom we actively funded and supplied with arms . ( Remember the movie Charlie Wilson 's War ? ) It should be worth noting that the same mujahideen fighters we funded to fight our enemies for us in the 1980s became our enemies even before the 9/11 attacks .
In a roundabout way , the US media is making the argument that because the Assad regime is using chemical weapons on the Syrian people , the US military should intervene by arming and training the Free Syrian Army in the hopes of overthrowing President Assad . On the surface , most Americans would agree that Assad is a brutal dictator and should be removed from office . But if you asked most Americans whether or not the US military should intervene in Syria to make sure the profit margins of oil companies remain strong , it 's likely the most rational folks would say no . Digging just beneath the surface , it 's easy to see that US interest in Syria is n't to provide Democracy to Syria , but to ensure the Kirkuk-Banias oil pipeline will be restored to profitable status . Even President Obama 's press secretary said that foreign policy is n't driven by what the people want , but by what is best for “ American interests . ”
The Kirkuk-Banias pipeline runs from Kirkuk in Northern Iraq , to the Syrian town of Banias , on the Mediterranean Sea between Turkey and Lebanon . Ever since US forces inadvertently destroyed it in 2003 , most of the pipeline has been shut down . While there have been plans in the works to make the Iraqi portion of the pipeline functional again , those plans have yet to come to fruition . And Syria has at least 2.5 billion barrels of oil in its fields , making it the next largest Middle Eastern oil producer after Iraq . After ten unproductive years , the oil companies dependent on the Kirkuk-Banias pipeline 's output are eager to get the pipeline operational again . The tension over the Syrian oil situation is certainly being felt by wealthy investors in the markets , who are thus dictating US foreign policy .
It 's easy to see why the oil-dominated US government wants to be involved in Syria 's outcome . The Free Syrian Army has since taken control of oil fields near Deir Ezzor , and Kurdish groups have taken control of other oil fields in the Rumeilan region . Many of the numerous atrocities that Assad 's government committed against unarmed women and children were in Homs , which is near one of the country 's only two oil refineries . Israel , the US 's only ally in the Middle East , is illegally occupying the Golan Heights on the Syrian border and extracting their resources . The US wants to get involved in Syria to monopolize its oil assets , while simultaneously beating our competition – Iran , Russia and China – in the race for Syrian black gold .
Big oil 's ideal outcome would be for US troops to back the FSA 's overthrow of the Assad regime , meaning that sharing in Syrian oil profits would be part of the quid-pro-quo the US demands in exchange for helping the Syrian rebels win . It would be very similar to when the US , under Teddy Roosevelt , backed Panama 's fight for independence in exchange for US ownership of the Panama Canal . But even after numerous interventions , including the kidnapping of Panama 's head of state , the Torrijos-Carter accords gave control of the Panama Canal back to Panama in 1999 . The imperialistic approach to Panama turned out to be more costly than it would have been if we had just left Panama alone in the first place .
George Santayana said that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . If we do n't learn from our past mistakes , like basing foreign policy goals on greed-inspired imperialism , Syria will blow up in our faces .
Related video : The Geopolitics of WW III
Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment does n't want you to receive
Carl Gibson , 26 , is co-founder of US Uncut , a nationwide creative direct-action movement that mobilized tens of thousands of activists against corporate tax avoidance and budget cuts in the months leading up to the Occupy Wall Street movement . Carl and other US Uncut activists are featured in the documentary “ We 're Not Broke , ” which premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival . He currently lives in Madison , Wisconsin . You can contact him at carl @ rsnorg.org , and follow him on Twitter at @ uncutCG .
Tim Douglas-Clifford and his rescue team are among the many crew targeted by malicious , drunk , or ignorant laser owners .
Rescue helicopters are among aircraft being targeted by laser strikes , sparking calls for tough punishments .
Figures show pilots and medical staff in New Zealand have been blinded up to 100 times a year , jeopardising passenger flights and rescue missions .
The Air Force , police , and commercial airline companies have also reported laser attacks , with crew and even medical staff experiencing `` flash blindness '' .
MONIQUE FORD/FAIRFAX NZ Green lasers are also used in astronomy and entertainment .
`` You do n't see it coming . It 's an instant flash , '' rescue pilot Tim Douglas-Clifford said .
READ MORE :
* Laser pointers targeted
* Pilots dazzled by laser pointers
A laser hit his Nelson-Marlborough Rescue Helicopter team a few years ago .
MEGHAN LAWRENCE/FAIRFAX NZ The Police Eagle helicopter has been targeted repeatedly .
He had goggles on then , but for a colleague who did n't , the attack was painful .
Douglas-Clifford said the chopper had police and a thermal imaging camera on board , and the culprit was found , but avoided jail .
New Civil Aviation Authority data showed a 2014 law change aimed at clamping down on high-power lasers had not yet been effective , with a minor increase in reported attacks last year .
DEREK FLYNN/FAIRFAX NZ Associate Transport Minister Craig Foss says it 's soon to say if the laser law needs changes .
Airline pilots ' union NZALPA said laser attacks were `` extremely dangerous '' but perpetrators often seemed to get little or no punishment .
Incidents usually happened at `` critical '' approach and landing times , said Dave Reynolds , former British Airways pilot and NZALPA senior technical officer .
Laser attacks could cause `` flash blindness '' and some crew could also have permanently damaged retinas , he said .
Attacks on low-flying or single-pilot aircraft were especially dangerous .
`` If you 're a helicopter at a low level , you 're in a pretty bad place .
`` It is an issue which , despite our best efforts , is not going away . ''
Reynolds , like Garden City Rescue Helicopter 's Stu Farquhar , believed drunkenness , ignorance and malice were to blame for most attacks .
Farquhar and his rescue team were also targeted on a mission once .
The team were furious but continued their mission .
`` If we had n't been on our way to a job , we would have landed at the house and got the guy . ''
CAA spokesman Mike Richards said large and medium-sized passenger aircraft were the most commonly targeted .
This meant laser strikes could `` cause an extremely high level of public harm '' in an accident .
`` At these low-level , high-workload flight phases , the consequences of any temporary pilot-impairment or distraction are potentially disastrous , '' he said .
The CAA data showed 489 laser strikes were reported in New Zealand in the five years starting on January 1 , 2011 .
The 2014 law change limited the supply of laser pointers with an output of more than one milliwatt .
​Green lasers were used in most laser attack incidents .
Ross Fitzgerald from ledbulbs.co.nz said most lasers he sold were for astronomers , to point out planets and stars .
Land search and rescue teams , birdwatchers and teachers also used lasers .
`` I ca n't understand what drives someone to point a laser at an aircraft , '' Fitzgerald said .
A New Zealand Defence Force spokeswoman said laser pointing was `` a negligent act and also puts the lives of others at serious risk . ''
Chief District Court Judge Jan-Marie Doogue said it was hard to comment on punishments without more details on charges brought , convictions and sentences imposed .
Judges could only impose sentences in accordance with parameters legislation set down .
The responsible minister , Craig Foss​ , said there 'd been 45 reported incidents so far this year .
`` We need to give the law time to bed-in before considering whether any further changes are necessary . ''
Possessing a high-power laser pointer without reasonable excuse can result in three months ' jail or a $ 2000 fine . Endangering people or an aircraft carries more severe penalties .
In Christchurch last month , builder Tane Hemopo faced two charges of reckless disregard for the safety of 121 people on a plane and others in a control tower he targeted .
Those charges reportedly carried a maximum of 14 years ' jail time . Hemopo will reappear in Christchurch District Court on May 17 .
MAJOR INCIDENTS
May 2011 : Green laser repeatedly hit the Police Eagle helicopters in Auckland . Two people were arrested .
May 2012 : A helicopter was targeted with a green laser while approaching Waikato Hospital .
Feb 2013 : Two crew and a medical officer suffered vision impairment in a New Plymouth laser attack .
April 2013 : Laser was pointed at a military helicopter operating at Whenuapai , Auckland .
Dec 2013 : Eagle helicopter hit again with a green laser .
July 2014 : A laser strike into a flight deck blinded both pilots of an Airbus approaching Auckland .
Feb 2015 : Green and red laser allegedly pointed at Christchurch air traffic control tower for 5-8 minutes .
LASER STRIKES BY YEAR :
2011 : 92
2012 : 99
2013 : 110
2014 : 92
2015 : 96
( Source : Civil Aviation Authority . Exclude attacks on NZ aircraft abroad . )
Pop artist Robert Indiana 's 1977 MECCA floor ( pictured ) inspired some elements in the Milwaukee Bucks ' new floor , which will be unveiled at the Milwaukee Art Museum on Tuesday . Credit : Rick Wood
Mary Louise Schumacher Art City An online journal about visual art , the urban landscape and design . Mary Louise Schumacher , the Journal Sentinel 's art and architecture critic , leads the discussion and a community of writers contribute to the dialogue . SHARE
After countless fast breaks and hard fouls , the Milwaukee Bucks have pounded their floor into submission . So they 've designed a new one with a throwback touch : It borrows elements from Pop artist Robert Indiana 's much-heralded 1977 MECCA floor . The Bucks want to play hoops on a work of art again .
The design will be unveiled at the Milwaukee Art Museum Tuesday and will be on the court in time for some preseason games in October .
Indiana 's floor , with a giant M flanking each side of the midcourt line , made headlines and captured national attention . The new floor draws enough elements from Indiana 's original design that the team sought his blessing ( but more on that later ) .
The new floor will position Milwaukee as a city `` that cares as much about art as it does about sport , '' says Theodore Loehrke , senior vice president for the Bucks .
`` It matches up so well with the progressive thinking about our city , '' he said . `` It 's about honoring the past and reaching out to our future . ''
Getting a unique , art-infused floor design for the Bucks was a different ball game this time around . It involved months of wrangling with the NBA , setting aside the idea of working with a local artist , and a drive through the night to get the permissionof an aging and reclusive artist .
The idea surfaced when the old MECCA floor did .
The old floor , which the Bucks and Marquette abandoned in 1988 when they moved to the then-new Bradley Center , was put up for auction in 2010 . Gregory V. Koller , who owned the ProStar flooring company in Milwaukee , bought it . Ben Koller inherited it from his dad when his father died .
Since then , Ben Koller has formed a group , Our Mecca , which has been celebrating the floor , working on having it transformed into a modular public artwork and advocating for integrating it into any new basketball arena built here .
This is when the Bucks took notice , Loehrke said .
`` The original court was so original , so Milwaukee ... such a breakthrough , '' Loehrke said . The idea of doing something like the original MECCA floor was floated early on in the brainstorming process among the design and marketing teams for the Bucks .
With NBA games televised internationally today , the NBA has become pretty fussy about what these floors look like , Loehrke said . There are `` layers and layers '' of scrutiny , he said .
In the end , the Bucks came up with something that is inspired by and that pays homage to Indiana 's floor . But that introduced another hurdle — they needed the artist 's approval .
`` That was huge for us , '' Loehrke said . `` If he was n't comfortable with what we were doing ... we had to get his blessing . ''
At this point , the clock was running down . They 'd need to finalize the order for the $ 100,000 , state-of-the art floor in a matter of days to have it ready for the new season . And Indiana is famously reclusive , living on an island without a phone and preparing for a career-defining retrospective at the Whitney Museum of American Art . He 's also been ill recently .
Would Indiana like it ? Would he think the team was ripping off his ideas ?
A road trip
At one point , Koller had hoped that the Bucks would consider commissioning a new artist-designed floor by a Milwaukee artist . His group pitched a design by Reginald Baylor , a well known Milwaukee artist who works in the Pop art tradition and who 's incorporated basketball iconography into his work for many years .
`` The Bucks were really , really floored , '' Koller said about Baylor 's approach , which had a painted wood grain and a North Woods feel . But even though the team loved it , it decided the league would find Baylor 's design too radical .
`` In today 's NBA , I do n't know that a Robert Indiana floor or something even more groundbreaking than that would work , '' said Loehrke . `` At the same time , we still want art to be a part of this . ''
So , to woo Indiana , the artist famous for his `` LOVE '' artwork , the Bucks enlisted the help of Koller , who has developed a rare friendship with Indiana . Koller had already visited the island before to talk to Indiana about creating a new life for the old floor .
Koller set off with a friend and drove through the night to the coast of Maine , where he took a 90-minute ferry ride through choppy waters to Vinalhaven Island and then walked a half mile in pouring rain to Indiana 's house . He knocked on the door unannounced one morning a few weeks ago .
`` He was like , 'Ben , I wish you would n't have come , ' '' Koller says , adding that Indiana 's health seemed fragile . `` So I just walked into his living room like he did n't say that . ''
Koller told him the story and laid out the designs . `` I wo n't say that he jumped for joy , '' Koller said . `` The first thing he said to me , was , 'What do you think ? ' ''
Koller told Indiana , no , it 's not the MECCA floor or an original work of art by an artist , but it 's a fitting homage , too . Officially , the new floor was designed by the Bucks ' design team in consultation with the NBA .
`` He said , 'OK Ben , I 'm cool with it , ' and he gave us his blessing , '' Koller said .
As for Baylor , he said , `` I am not hurt at all . I 'll make a canvas of that floor design . You just wo n't be able to play basketball on it . ''
The Bucks will unveil the Indiana-inspired design on Tuesday at the Milwaukee Art Museum , 700 N. Art Museum Drive . The event , which runs 6 to 8 p.m. , will include appearances by Bucks Hall of Fame announcer Eddie Doucette , Bucks players Larry Sanders and John Henson and other luminaries . A limited number of free tickets are available to the public at bucks.com/newcourt .
A temporary public artwork created from the MECCA floor will be unveiled at City Hall as part of Doors Open Milwaukee , a citywide architectural open house , on Saturday .
AMERICA and Japan top the charts for the highest rates of adoption—but with one big difference . Whereas the vast majority of adoptees in America are youngsters , in Japan children represent a tiny 2 % of all adoptions . Men in their 20s and 30s make up the remaining 98 % , or almost 90,000 adoptees in 2008 ( up from fewer than 80,000 in 2000 ) . Why are so many adults adopted in Japan ?
The reason is more mercantile than magnanimous . Business acumen and skill are not reliably hereditary . As a result , most family businesses wilt after their founder 's death . Just 37 members make up Les Hénokiens , a fraternity of companies worldwide that are at least 200 years old and are still run by a family member . The two firms which vie for the title of the world 's oldest family company are Hoshi , an inn founded in 781 , and Kongo Gumi , a Buddhist temple builder from 578—and both are Japanese .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Before the second world war , Japan 's civil code decreed that family wealth passed along male lines ; tradition dictated it went to the eldest son . In daughter-only households , this fuelled a demand for adopted sons who could carry on the family name and business . ( If a biological son was deemed an unsuitable heir , he too could be bypassed for an adopted one . ) In turn , families with a surplus of younger sons sent them out for adoption . Many legal adoptions are coupled with a form of arranged marriage ( known as omiai ) to one of the family 's daughters—but the son-in-law ( or mukoyoshi ) then changes his name to hers . Today a host of matchmaking companies and marriage consultants recruit voluntary adoptees for Japanese companies .
Although Japan 's post-war code no longer upholds primogeniture , business families find the habit hard to kick . The country 's declining birth rate has further limited the likelihood of a male heir for many of them ; bosses often select sons from among their most promising top managers . The family owners of Toyota and Suzuki , both carmakers , Canon , an electronics firm , and Kajima , a construction company , have all adopted sons to manage them . Incentives are high for prospective adoptees , too . Their birth parents sometimes receive gifts of many million yen . To be selected as a mukoyoshi is to be awarded a high executive honour . This prompts fierce competition among managers , ensuring that the business has access to as good a talent pool as non-family companies . In fact , researchers have found that adopted heirs ' firms outperform blood heirs ' firms—although the prospect of being overlooked for an outsider can serve as motivation for sons to knuckle down , too .
Update : This blog post has been amended to remove the news peg .
• What else should The Economist explain ? Send us your suggestions .
Oscar-winning screenwriter is set to helm film based on the memoir of a world-class skier who made millions running a high-stakes poker game
Aaron Sorkin is set to step behind the camera for the first time , to adapt the memoir Molly 's Game , about a former skier who wound up managing the world 's most exclusive poker game .
Aaron Sorkin on the cult of Steve Jobs : ‘ I had n't seen anything like it since John Lennon was killed ' Read more
According to Deadline , the Oscar-winning screenwriter of The Social Network will work alongside ex-Sony head Amy Pascal as producer . Sorkin will also write the script .
It will be Sorkin 's first film as director , though he does boast producing credits on TV shows The Newsroom , Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , Sports Night and The West Wing .
Molly 's Game will tell the story of Molly Bloom , also known as the “ poker princess ” , who started out as a world-class skier but , once she failed to make the Olympic grade , used her smarts to run a high-stakes weekly poker game .
It attracted Hollywood A-listers such as Leonardo DiCaprio , Ben Affleck and Tobey Maguire , whom she refers to in her book as a moody player and a poor tipper . Her luck ran out when she became the subject of an FBI investigation . She was ultimately fined $ 1,000 and sentenced to a year 's probation .
Sorkin 's latest screenplay , for the film Steve Jobs , has him in the running for awards glory , having picked up Bafta and Golden Globe nominations . He is also set to write the script for a biopic of the US actor Lucille Ball , with Cate Blanchett attached .
It 's finally over . Come January , Donald J. Trump will be sworn in as the new president , and dozens of freshly elected lawmakers will join the new Congress ( the 115th ) .
What will the election results mean for the leadership of the key agencies and congressional committees that shape U.S. science funding and policy ?
Here 's a quick guide to who is in , who is out , and who is not going anywhere .
The Administration
Typically , a new president means an entirely new cast of cabinet members and political appointees—some 4000 senior positions across the federal government . Already , President Barack Obama has said he will ask his appointees to submit resignation letters that will take effect on Inauguration Day , 20 January .
That will clear the way clear for Trump to appoint his own science team , starting with a new White House science adviser and the leaders of science agencies . They include cabinet-level positions , such as the head of the Department of Energy ( DOE ) ; leaders of independent agencies including NASA ; and the heads of the National Institutes of Health ( part of the Department of Health and Human Services ) , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( which belong to the Commerce Department ) . All of these positions also require Senate confirmation , which can take time .
By tradition , however , the head of one major science agency—the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) —does n't automatically step down when the White House gets a new occupant . Although the NSF director serves at the pleasure of the president , the job also comes with a 6-year term . That means France Córdova , who was confirmed in March 2014 , might remain until the runup to the next presidential election in 2020 .
Speculation has already begun about who Trump might pick for most of the science leadership posts , but the campaign has offered few hard hints . And some science lobbyists wonder , given the Trump campaign 's few apparent connections to the scientific community , how they will recruit candidates . `` Where are they going to pull from ? , '' asks Benjamin Corb , director of public affairs at American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology in Bethesda , Maryland . `` With a more establishment Republican candidate you could maybe draw back to previous adminstrations and advisers . I just do n't know where the names are going to come from ... from an agenda setting standpoint [ that ] is the big unknown . '' Rumors do abound on his possible pick of energy secretary , with several oil and gas executives reportedly in the mix , including Harold Hamm , the head of Oklahoma-based Continental Resources , a leading fracking firm .
Congress
Republicans maintained control of both the Senate and the House of Representatives , meaning they will appoint all committee chairs , hold a majority of seats on every legislative panel , and have extensive control over what legislation comes to a vote . In the House , Republicans will control at least 236 seats , a comfortable majority ( the party now has 247 ) . In the Senate , Republicans will have a smaller edge : at least 51 seats , and at most 52 .
Senate Democrats have so far picked up two seats , in Illinois , where Tammy Duckworth defeated Republican incumbent Mark Kirk , and in New Hampshire , where Democrat challenger Maggie Hassan has declared victory over incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte . In Louisiana , Republican John Kennedy will face Democrat Foster Campbell in a December runoff election .
Although Republicans will continue to control the Senate , there will be changes in the leadership of some science-related legislative panels .
On the Environment and Public Works committee , for example , Senate rules prevent current chair James Inhofe ( R–OK ) —a prominent critic of climate science—from serving another term . A likely replacement is Senator John Barasso ( R–WY ) , who like Inhofe is a strong supporter of the fossil fuel industry . The panel 's senior Democrat , Barbara Boxer ( D–CA ) , is retiring ; many Congress watchers expect her to be replaced by Tom Carper ( D–DE ) , an outspoken advocate for government action on climate change .
On the Senate appropriations panel—which sets federal spending—the head of the subpanel that sets the budget of the National Institutes of Health survived a re-election scare . Senator Roy Blunt ( R–MO ) held off an unexpectedly strong challenge from Democrat Jason Kander . Blunt has been a strong supporter of spending on biomedical research .
The appropriations panel will be losing its senior Democrat , Barbara Mikulski ( D–MD ) , a strong advocate for spending on space science and other fields , who is retiring . It is not clear who will replace her ; possibilities includes Senators Patrick Leahy ( D–VT ) , Dianne Feinstein ( D–CA ) , Patty Murray ( D–WA ) , and Jon Tester ( D–MT ) .
In the House of Representatives , one big change will come atop the Appropriations Committee . Chair Harold Rogers ( R–KY ) is term-limited . His likely replacement is Representative Rodney Frelinghysen ( R–NJ ) , who has extensive experience working on science-related budget issues .
Another leadership change will occur on the House Energy and Commerce committee , where Representative Fred Upton ( R–MI ) is term-limited . The panel has a broad purview , including environmental issues and aspects of biomedical research . Possible replacements include Representatives Joe Barton ( R–TX ) , John Shimkus ( R–IL ) , and Greg Walden ( R–OR ) . Barton led the panel from 2004 to 2007 and served as its senior Republican from 2007 to 2009 , who has been a critic of the conduct federal science agencies in the past .
With reporting by Jocelyn Kaiser .
This is a day Kenneth Cole will like to forget !
By now , you 've probably heard about the ridiculous tweet sent out this morning by the designer , which used the volatile situation in Egypt to promote its new spring collection .
Here 's the exact Tweet :
Millions are in uproar in # Cairo . Rumor is they heard our new spring collection is now available online at http : //bit.ly/KCairo
That tweet caused quite an uproar - rightfully so . And , Kenneth Cole has responded fairly quickly to the crisis by issuing the following statement via Facebook .
`` I apologize to everyone who was offended by my insensitive tweet about the situation in Egypt . I 've dedicated my life to raising awareness about serious social issues , and in hindsight my attempt at humor regarding a nation liberating themselves against oppression was poorly timed and absolutely inappropriate , '' said Kenneth Cole , Chairman & Chief Creative Officer .
This fairly quick response demonstrates how fast companies are being forced to respond to social media blunders in order to save their brands ' reputation and value .
Should Kenneth Cole have responded even sooner to this gaffe ? Sure , but I believe we should accept Cole 's apology and move on .
Thoughts ?
Mark Pasetsky is the editorial director of CoverAwards.com .
We knew that Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) was putting the pieces together for its most loaded FOX fight card ever , now we know where it 's going to take place .
UFC on Fox 5 will emanate from the KeyArena in Seattle , Wash. , on Dec. 8 , 2012 , according to a report this evening on FUEL TV 's `` UFC Tonight . ''
This is not the first time that the world 's leading mixed martial arts ( MMA ) promotion has invaded the `` Emerald City . '' In fact , UFC Fight Night 24 : `` Davis vs. Nogueira '' took place back in March 2011 , featuring a main event that saw Phil Davis earn a unanimous decision over Antonio Rogerio Nogueira . In the co-featured fight of the night , Anthony Johnson wrestled his way to victory over Dan Hardy .
Rest assured fans in the venue , as well as those watching in their living rooms , wo n't be disappointed with the stacked sophomore Seattle effort .
UFC on FOX 5 will be headlined by a lightweight title fight between reigning 155-pound champion Ben Henderson against division number one contender Nate Diaz . In addition , Alexander Gustafsson will try to move to the head of the light heavyweight class when he tangles with former 205-pound champion Mauricio Rua , while B.J . Penn vs. Rory MacDonald will meet in a Welterweight scrap that pits the old opposite the new school .
Oorah !
To check out the latest UFC on Fox 5 : `` Henderson vs. Diaz '' fight card and rumors click here .
Domaine Javier had already been accepted to California Baptist University 's nursing program with a dual scholarship in music and academics when she came out as transgender on an episode of MTV 's `` True Life '' in 2011 . Months after the show aired , Javier received a letter from the university accusing her of fraud : She had listed her gender as female on her admissions application , an identity claim California Baptist refused to accept . Shortly after that , Javier was expelled .
Now , nearly two years later , Javier is suing the university for violating California 's Unruh Civil Rights Act and breach of contract .
Advertisement :
California Baptist , like many other religiously-affiliated institutions , bans same-sex relationships through a policy on `` sexual conduct outside of marriage , '' but there is no such language prohibiting the enrollment of transgender students . And while Christian universities have successfully defended against anti-gay discrimination suits on religious grounds , it 's less likely that they can make the same case for an anti-transgender policy , Suzanne Goldberg , a professor at Columbia Law School who specializes in sexuality and gender law , told the Huffington Post . `` While the position against same-sex sexual relations in some religions is widely known , I do n't think the same is true for positions regarding gender identity , '' she said .
Goldberg also believes that the school 's policy sets up women like Javier to fail no matter what they do . If Javier , who has identified and presented as a woman for years , had checked off `` male '' on her admissions form , the school may have questioned her application anyway . After all , her gender presentation and application still would n't have `` matched . ''
`` There is no indication from these facts that the student intended to misrepresent herself or her identity to the school . In fact , as the complaint points out , to represent herself as male would have also created the appearance of fraud . It 's a we-win-you-lose framework , '' according to Goldberg .
Javier 's lawyer , Paul Southwick , agrees .
`` I think that there is a lack of discussion within Christian higher education on what to do with transgender persons , because they do n't fit in traditional categories that we can deal with -- like you ca n't engage in homosexual conduct , or we believe in marriage between a man and a woman only , '' Southwick told the Huff Po . `` But in terms of transgender persons who are n't necessarily engaging in any behavior , there really has n't been much of a discussion or a policy , and they really get left in a very uncertain position . ''
The suit alleges that Javier lost more than a half of a million dollars in total scholarship funds , but she says it 's not about the money . For her , it 's about fairness and opportunity , as she told the Huff Po in an email :
Advertisement :
`` I believe that education is for everyone , regardless of their gender . Everyone deserves a shot at a bright future . CBU deprived me of this right and treated me unfairly -- something no one deserves . ''
President-elect Donald Trump says allegations made about him in an unverified dossier prepared by ex-British intelligence officer , Christopher Steele , are completely fabricated . WSJ 's Jason Bellini breaks down what we know about the material and the person behind it . Photo : Getty .
The Ex-British Spy Behind Trump Dossier : What We Know 2:30
THE man behind the unverified 35-page dossier on President-elect Donald Trump 's alleged ties to Russia spent years working undercover in Moscow and was partially responsible for lifting the lid on corruption at FIFA .
That 's according to intelligence officials familiar with his career who said Christopher Steele helped provide information on corruption at FIFA which “ lent credence ” to his reporting on Trump .
The Telegraph reports Steele met with an FBI squad that later led to dozens of indictments against US officials in their investigation of the sporting body .
“ It was his work on corruption in international soccer that lent credence to his reporting on Trump 's entanglements in Russia , US officials said on Wednesday , ” the paper said .
Now Steele , 52 , has been unmasked as the London-based “ intelligence consultant ” behind the controversial 35-page dossier circulated among media and government figures for months and made public yesterday , that contains explosive and unverified allegations that Russian security officials have compromising material on Mr Trump that could be used to blackmail him .
Earlier this week Mr Steele fled his home in Surrey , south of London , and asked a neighbour to “ feed his cats ” , The Telegraph reports .
“ He asked me to look after his cat as he would be gone for a few days , ” the neighbour said .
“ I 'm not sure where he 's gone or how to contact him . I do n't really know much about him except to say hello .
“ We 're all pretty secretive round here to be honest . All I know is he runs some sort of consultancy business . ”
Mr Steele is one of two directors of London-based company Orbis Business Intelligence . His business partner Christopher Burrows refused to “ confirm or deny ” that the pair 's agency had produced the report , the Wall Street Journal said .
Orbis , which was founded in 2009 by former British intelligence professionals , has a “ global network ” of experts and “ prominent business figures ” , according to its website .
It says : “ We provide strategic advice , mount intelligence-gathering operations and conduct complex , often cross-border investigations . ”
The firm , based in Grosvenor Gardens , close to London 's up-market Belgravia area , says it “ draws on extensive experience at boardroom level in government , multilateral diplomacy and international business to develop bespoke solutions for clients ” .
“ Our tailored approach means the directors are closely involved in the execution and detail of every project , supported by an in-house team of experienced investigators and professional intelligence analysts , ” it says .
It 's understood Mr Steele was asked to prepare the dossier by a Washington-based company working on behalf of a Republican Trump-rival . It was then passed to intelligence agencies and other media outlets who also worked to verify the claims .
The document was sensationally made public this week after both President-elect Trump and US President Barack Obama had been briefed on its contents , indicating the report was being taken somewhat seriously by key intelligence agencies .
One Russian security expert told news.com.au it 's likely Donald Trump could have been a target of Russian intelligence due to his high-profile business dealings , however he said claims in the dossier are “ inherently unverifiable ” and information about him being in Moscow is a matter of public record .
Mr Trump has dismissed the claims as “ fake news ” and savaged the publications that chose to release them .
Outlets that have chosen to publish the documents have made clear the claims they contain are unverified and contain “ clear errors ” .
After the bombshell report was released , Mr Trump insisted Moscow had “ no leverage ” over him as he had “ no deals , no loans , no nothing ” with Russia .
Russian president Vladimir Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the reports were “ complete fabrication and utter nonsense ” and the Russian government “ does not engage in collecting compromising material ” .
Nearly a decade ago , two friends set out to create a full project management platform for open source software called Bountysource . The year was 2004 and the friends were Warren Konkel and David Rappo , and their vision included creating code repositories , file hosting , issue tracking , and bounty support .
The pair spent a few months building out the basic features , but then other projects and jobs got in the way . Konkel went on to become the first hire at LivingSocial and Rappo was working as a producer on video games like Guitar Hero , Transformers , and Skylanders .
The friends reconnected late last year and the timing seemed right to revisit the Bountysource concept . Konkel and Rappo looked at what they previously built to see what was still relevant and decided to start with a clean slate , relaunching Bountysource in 2013 as a funding platform for open source software . Instead of building their own project management platform , Bountysource now integrates with services developers already use such as GitHub and Bugzilla while focusing on crowdfunding .
Since launching earlier this year , about $ 20,000 in bounties have been posted on the site , with 10-20 % of those having been collected , Konkel said . Many other fundraisers have also launched on the site , with nearly a dozen going on to exceed their initial goals . The largest fundraiser in the site 's short history was JS-Git , which raised $ 34,596 thanks in large part to generous contributions from Mozilla and Adobe .
The site uses a `` flexible funding '' model , which means developers collect all funds raised regardless of their funding goals . The site also allows users to fund bounties on open issues or feature requests for their projects , enticing developers to create solutions and claim their bounty .
In this interview , Bountysource co-founder and CEO Warren Konkel talks about the site 's new focus , what he plans to do with the $ 1.1 million investment the site recently scored , and offers advice for developers considering crowdfunding their next project .
Talk about why you wanted to provide a fundraising outlet for developers when open source projects are already seeing success on sites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo .
While it 's true that there have been many successful open source fundraisers on Kickstarter and Indiegogo , we do n't see them as direct competitors . Those platforms work great as a pre-sales model for physical consumer goods and technologies , but we believe open source software needs a better funding model that 's more aligned with how software is built . We see a fundraiser as just one small step in the lifetime of an open source project and instead are focusing on creating long-term relationships between developers and backers . When somebody backs a fundraiser , chances are they 'll back a subsequent fundraiser or create a bounty .
What is the ultimate goal of Bountysource ? What would you like the company to become known for in the coming years ?
We want Bountysource to be the platform where open source developers can earn a living and where anybody can spend money to accelerate development in the open source projects they use . Given that open source software is already heavily crowd-sourced , we believe that crowdfunding is a natural extension .
As we grow , we want to provide developers worldwide with all of the tools they need to continue improving open source software . These tools could be anything from co-working space and laptops to education and training . On the enterprise side , in addition to existing employees and contractors , we want Bountysource to be seen as a permanent resource that helps companies more effectively spend money on open source . Chances are that if one company needs a feature , other companies do as well and crowdfunding economics can come into play .
You recently received a $ 1.1 million investment ( congrats ! ) . Can you talk a little bit about how you snagged the funding and what you plan to use it for ?
Thanks ! I 've been a software developer for most of my career so transitioning into the CEO role has been a fun ride . It became clear early on that Bountysource has a lot of potential but would require a great team to execute on the entire vision . Once we decided that we wanted outside investors , the rest was just problem-solving . We needed a pitch deck and a clear vision , so we iterated again and again until we were happy with it . Then we needed to talk to as many investors as possible so we could find the right fit . Then we needed to work through all of the legal and financial documents line-by-line . The entire process ended up taking a few months . We plan on using these funds to grow the team and increase our marketing efforts .
Have you encountered any hesitation from developers or companies about posting or responding to a bounty because of stigma sometimes associated with asking for money ?
Yes we have , and we think that this is a reasonable hesitation . However , money has already been a part of open source for decades . Many open source contributors are paid by their employers to work on open source . Many projects already have donation buttons . Many open source developers have consulting businesses around their projects . Ultimately , the motivations behind open source contributions already vary widely . The easiest way to make sense of it all is to focus on the code itself . At the end of the day , if high-quality code is being contributed to a project , the incentives behind the code should be irrelevant .
Is there a pattern you 're seeing in the types of issues bounties are being put on ? For example , are you seeing that there tend to be more bounties posted for bug fixes versus feature requests ?
Generally speaking , there are more bounties on bugs than on feature requests . This seems to be normal behavior as developers will often encounter a bug and want an immediate resolution . That said , bounties on feature requests are definitely growing as people become more familiar with the platform . Often times , bounties lead to a flurry of comments that end up fleshing out the details behind a feature request . With bounties , developers can quickly understand what a community is most interested in seeing improved .
What advice would you give developers who are thinking about launching fundraisers for their projects ?
Fundraisers require a lot of planning and community support ; get started as soon as you can ! Ask a non-technical friend to give you feedback . Gather feedback from your community regarding every detail about your fundraiser before you publish it . Does the fundraiser text explain exactly what you will deliver ? Do you clearly state the project 's needs ? Did you plan out the rewards ? Do you have a plan to spread the word about your fundraiser ? These are all questions that should be answered before you `` go live '' with the fundraiser . Also , do n't hesitate to reach out to the Bountysource team as we 're happy to help you through the process from start to finish .
Anything else I did n't ask you about that you 'd like to add or point out ?
Within the next month we 'll be rolling out a `` Bounty Budget '' program that will allow organizations to set a budget and give their entire engineering team easy access to posting bounties . Nearly all developers use open source projects as part of their daily workflow , and Bountysource offers a productive way for companies to put money toward bugs or feature requests , while keeping their developers focused on internal priorities instead .
We 're already testing out the concept with Gust , a global platform for managing early-stage investments . They give their engineers a monthly budget to create bounties on the open source projects they utilize at work . Our hope is that organizations will start to see the value in this and support projects on an ongoing basis .
Initiation of Breastfeeding by Breast Crawl
UNICEF , WHO and WABA , along with the scientific community ,
strongly recommend initiating breastfeeding within a half-hour of birth .
Evidence shows that early initiation can prevent
22 % of all deaths among babies below one month in developing countries .
Watch video in English | Italian | Marathi | Spanish
Sub-titles in Bengali | English | Gujarati | Hindi | Kannada | Malayalam
Marathi | Oriya | Punjabi | Tamil | Telugu | Urdu
Directed by Saptarshi Pratim ,
Sub-titlesin Bengali | English | Gujarati | Hindi | Kannada | MalayalamMarathi | Oriya | Punjabi | Tamil | Telugu | UrduDirected by Saptarshi Pratim , FullFrame Productions
Save and Enrich a Life !
Share the Breast Crawl Video
Help every mother and baby experience this miracle and initiate breastfeeding the nature 's way .
Download Breast Crawl Video - 7:14 mins .
Tips for downloading :
PC Users : Right-click on the text link and select `` Save Target As '' or `` Save link as '' .
Macintosh Users : Click and hold on the text link and select `` Download Link to Disk . ''
Promote the Breast Crawl
Embed this video with English subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Bengali subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Gujarati subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Hindi subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Kannada subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Malayalam subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Marathi subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Oriya subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Punjabi subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Tamil subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Telugu subtitles on your web site
Embed this video with Urdu subtitles on your web site
Virtually every prominent Vermont politician condemned the alleged multimillion-dollar fraud in the Northeast Kingdom after federal authorities charged the developers last week , but Vermonters have yet to hear what Sen. Bernie Sanders thinks about it – or how he might vote on a key reform bill .
Sanders , a Democratic candidate for president , has been silent about the fraud allegations and the federal EB-5 program , even though he endorsed the EB-5-funded projects as an example of good government in the past .
Sen. Patrick Leahy said last week that he hopes Congress will help him pass a bill to reform the federal EB-5 program that allegedly allowed Jay Peak owner Ariel Quiros and CEO Bill Stenger to dupe hundreds of foreign investors out of millions of dollars .
Leahy said his bill would help prevent that kind of fraud , but Vermont 's other senator has n't weighed in about Leahy 's bill or the fraud allegations that surfaced nearly a week ago .
After landing at the Burlington airport Tuesday evening , Sanders briefly addressed reporters about his loss in the New York primary , and he refused to answer any questions about the EB-5 issue .
Sanders ' lack of response to the scandal drew criticism from Rep. Sarah Buxton .
After seeing Sanders refuse to address the issue , Buxton took to Facebook to show her displeasure .
Sanders just asked by local reporter what he thinks of Leahy 's EB5 reform plan and he says `` Let me stay off that for now and focus on this election . '' Must be nice to be a big powerful Senator who picks and chooses which cases of fraud , greed , and ponzi-like schemes to rail against . I guess the ones that happen in your own back yard , using policies and programs you voted for are n't all that important ? Looking forward to understanding how Bernie benefited from donations made from these crooks during his 2012 election . Bah !
Buxton has since deleted the post , but she elaborated in an interview Wednesday afternoon .
“ I think it 's disingenuous to rail against corporate America , and then play hooky for your responsibility ensuring that millionaires and billionaires keep their promises , ” Buxton said .
While she openly supports Hillary Clinton , Buxton says this is n't just political positioning ; she says issues like this are the reason why she supports Clinton .
“ I think the times that we have to look at our two leading candidates in the Democratic field , it 's important for us to review when those challenging moments are and ask how their performance measures up to our expectations , ” she said .
Sanders has been focusing on the election since months before he dodged a question about the EB-5 scandal Tuesday evening .
In addition to losing the New York primary Tuesday , Sanders missed his 50th and 51st consecutive roll call votes in the Senate , according to Senate records .
`` I think it 's disingenuous to rail against corporate America , and then play hooky for your responsibility ensuring that millionaires and billionaires keep their promises . '' - Rep. Sarah Buxton , D-Tunbridge
Ted Cruz has faced criticism for his absence at the day job during this campaign , but even he has voted twice since Sanders cast his most recent vote on Jan. 12 .
By comparison , Senator Leahy has missed two roll call votes since Jan. 12 .
Sanders ' Senate office refused multiple interview requests for this story and refused to provide any information about the senator 's position on Leahy 's EB-5 reform bill .
4D Pie Charts » R , and kindly contributed to ( This article was first published on , and kindly contributed to R-bloggers )
There are only three known jokes about statistics in the whole universe , so to complete the trilogy ( see here and here for the other two ) , listen up :
Three statisticians are on a train journey to a conference , and they get chatting to three epidemiologists who are also going to the same place . The epidemiologists are complaining about the ridiculous cost of train tickets these days . At this , one of the statisticians pipes up “ it 's actually quite reasonable if you use our method – we 've just got one ticket between the three of us ” . The epidemiologists are amazed . “ But how do you get away with that ? ” , they cried in unison . “ Watch and learn ” replied a statistician . A few minutes later , the inspector 's voice was heard down the carriage . At that , the statisticians bundled themselves into the toilet . The inspector knocked on the door . “ Tickets please ” , she said , and the statisticians passed their single ticket under the door . The inspector stamped it and returned it , and the statisticians made it to the conference . On the way back , the statisticians again met the epidemiologists . This time , the epidemiologists proudly displayed their single ticket . “ Aha ” , said a statistician . “ This time we have no tickets. ” Again the epidemiologists were amazed , but they had little time to ponder it because the inspector was coming down the carriage . The epidemiologists dashed off into the toilet , and soon enough there was a knock on the door . “ Tickets please ” , they heard , and passed their ticket under the door . The statisticians took the ticket and went off to their own toilet ! The moral of the story being “ never use a statistical technique that you do n't understand ” .
All this preamble goes by way of saying : data anonymisation is n't something that I know a great deal about , but I had some ideas and wanted to get feedback from you .
Any personal data of any importance needs to respect the privacy of the people it represents . Data containing financial or medical details in particular should not be exposed for public consumption ( at least if you want people to continue providing you with their data ) . Anonymising data is an important concept in achieving this privacy .
While this is something you need to think about through the whole data lifecycle ( from creating it , to storing it – probably in a database – through analysing it , and possibly publishing it ) this post focuses on the analysis phase . At this stage , you data is probably in a data frame form , with some identifying columns that need to be anonymised , and some useful values that need to be preserved . Here 's some made-up data , in this case pacman scores of the Avengers .
Hearts have bolstered their squad with the signing of Belgian midfielder Arnaud Djoum .
The 26-year-old , who left Polish side Lech Poznan in the summer , has signed a deal until January .
`` It 's a big step for me , this is a big club with a lot of tradition and I hope to be successful here , '' Djoum told Hearts TV .
`` I 'm an aggressive midfield player with good technical ability . I 've heard all about Tynecastle . ''
Djoum aims to use the experience he gained of playing football in Belgium , Netherlands , Turkey and Poland .
`` I won a title last year and I have played in several countries and adapted to different styles of football , '' he added . `` I hope this experience can enable me to bring something to the team .
`` I ca n't wait to see this place [ Tynecastle ] full of fans . I know that the fans here are some of the best in Scotland so I 'm excited to experience it . ''
Last week Obama took a lot of heat for playing golf with Larry David and attending lavish Hillary fundraisers instead of taking the time to visit Louisiana ( see our post `` Does Obama Care About Black People ? Louisiana Asks The President To Cut Vacation Short '' ) .
But , it turns out Obama did do something , his DOJ sent Louisiana a 16-page `` guidance '' letter warning officials not to be racist in their recovery efforts . According to Breitbart , the `` guidance '' has struck a nerve with Louisiana residents including Retired Air Force Colonel Rob Maness who is currently running for U.S. Senate :
“ The U.S. Department of Justice under President Barack Obama issued letters to the survivors [ in ] Louisiana of this great flood of 2016 and said ‘ you better not be racist down there'… They sent letters that hit the streets a few days ago , maybe yesterday , that basically warned the citizens of Louisiana that you better not be racist when you 're hiring people to fix your homes , ” Maness said . “ You know what ? We 're tired of being called racists . And I think that that 's the number one issue in the United States of America . Those people [ at the DOJ ] can just go to hell . They 're not my Department of Justice , ” the retired Air Force colonel added . “ The good folks down here where I live in Southern Louisiana are just absolutely more than appalled . We 're just livid about it . The man ought to apologize to the people of this great state , ” Maness said of the president .
The guidance letter ( included in it entirety below ) was originated by the Department of Justice and a litany other federal agencies `` to ensure that individuals and communities affected by disasters do not face unlawful discrimination on the basis of race , color , or national origin ( including limited English proficiency ) in violation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( Title VI ) . '' The letter points out how the recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina were found to be discriminatory :
In the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , we have learned many critical lessons about how recipients of federal financial assistance engaged in emergency management activities can more effectively ensure that all members of the community receive services , regardless of race , color , or national origin . The Recovery Framework notes that “ care must be taken to assure that actions , both intentional and unintentional , do not exclude groups of people based on race , color , national origin ( including limited English proficiency ) , religion , sex or disability. ” While emergencies and disasters affect all people , the ability of communities of color to access critical recovery programs , activities , and services often has been hampered .
The letter goes on to highlight specific instances of `` discrimination '' in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . As evidence , the letter points to a single , online rental post which said the renter `` prefers two white females . '' The letter also points out that St. Bernard Parish acted in a discriminatory fashion by passing a law that allowed blood relatives to skip the permitting process in erecting single-family housing units on the property of relatives .
Nondiscriminatory access to housing and shelters in the aftermath of Katrina also posed a major challenge for diverse racial and ethnic communities . Many seeking temporary housing immediately encountered discriminatory rental advertisements that explicitly refused to rent to African Americans . For example , an advertisement on a website designed to reach Katrina evacuees read : “ Provider will provide room and board for $ 400 but prefers two white females. ” Evidence collected by fair housing testers found that in 66 % of all tests , White persons were favored over African American persons seeking housing using contacts available to Katrina evacuees . A federal court found evidence of intentional discrimination in actions by St. Bernard Parish , which neighbors New Orleans , when the parish sought to restrict rental housing opportunities , including actions to halt the development of rental housing and enacting a permit requirement for single-family rentals that exempted renters who were “ related by blood ” to the homeowners .
We suspect that Air Force Colonel Rob Maness is n't the only person in Louisiana who is going to find this `` guidance '' somewhat offensive . Should make for an awkward day for Obama as he tours the state tomorrow to survey damage .
The Marshall Project 's Bill Keller ( former editor of the New York Times ) had a golden opportunity — and he blew it .
This week 's panel on criminal justice reform , filmed at the White House and live-streamed on The Marshall Project 's website , had the potential to inform the public of the real and hidden problems that plague our state and federal justice systems . But the wrong people were invited to join Keller and the president , and the conversation suffered for it .
It is sometimes said by us criminal defense lawyers — with a dose of cynicism — that in the halls of justice , justice is often done in the halls .
What we mean by this tongue-in-cheek phrase is that the informal processes among prosecutors , lawyers , defendants and witnesses has more to do with whether true justice is rendered than any of the phenomena discussed by Keller and the panel . By inviting only higher-ups to engage the president , Keller limited the panel to discussions of macro policy and left out how those policies play out on the ground — particularly the ways that prosecutors routinely misuse their power .
Indeed , it is true that our state and federal justice systems over-incarcerate by a huge margin , and it is one of America 's greatest shames that we have the largest prison population in the world .
But all of the reforms discussed by President Obama , Colorado United States Attorney John Walsh , and Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck belie a central scandal : a vast number of defendants are prosecuted for either ( 1 ) engaging in conduct that should not be criminalized at all , or for ( 2 ) acts that they did not commit but which a rewarded witness fingered them for . Nor did the discussion take into account ( 3 ) the thousands of people serving sentences for violations of criminal statutes so vague that no person of ordinary or even elevated intelligence – including many lawyers and judges – would instinctively consider crimes .
These structural defects of the criminal justice system will continue to result in over-incarceration of our innocent fellow citizens , even if all of the reforms discussed at Keller 's White House extravaganza come to pass . The reforms mentioned at the panel — the reduction of long sentences , the targeting of only the “ worst-of-the-worst , ” an increase in federal community policing grants — will only put a dent in the problem .
The panel only briefly touched upon the toxic plea bargaining culture that has developed throughout the country .
US Attorney Walsh proposed that mandatory-minimum sentences be reserved only for the most violent offenders . But he failed to mention a practice that goes hand-in-hand with these sentences : government cooperation in exchange for lower sentences . Endowed with the immense power of imposing long prison sentences , a prosecutor can single-handedly get a defendant to say almost anything about almost anybody .
Such witnesses , as the saying goes , will “ not only sing , but compose. ” Many an innocent defendant has gone to prison for decades based on such bought testimony of dubious accuracy .
The White House discussion also failed to address the kinds of crimes such as “ conspiracy , ” violation of “ national security , ” or “ fraud ” — that are not defined with sufficient clarity so that a typical citizen can discern what conduct is allowed and what is prohibited . There is an ancient precept of the English common law that a person not be designated a criminal unless he intentionally and knowingly violates a clear legal requirement .
Too many people are prosecuted today , mostly in the federal courts , who have no idea that they violated some obscure or vague statute buried in the federal criminal code . ( I wrote a whole book on the subject , my 2007 volume entitled Three Felonies a Day : How the Feds Target the Innocent . My thesis was that the typical American arguably commits three federal felonies a day without even knowing it . I guess the president never got around to reading my book . )
Once during the discussion US Attorney Walsh complimented the president on his vast command of the issues in this sprawling area of law and life . Chief Beck reiterated the compliment .
But in reality , none of the panelists , nor the host of the panel for that matter , really appeared to understand the deeper ills of our state and federal criminal justice systems . Perhaps this was due to the panel 's utter and obvious lack of a member of Washington DC 's Public Defenders office , or an ALCU attorney , or Washington Post columnist Radley Balko , who covers these issues in detail week after week .
Without these sorts of panelists , this “ conversation ” on criminal justice was rendered completely asymmetrical and incomplete from the outset .
We not only incarcerate too many defendants for too-long periods , but we convict and incarcerate a vast and largely unknown number of individuals who are in fact innocent of crime properly understood . The system is broken , yes , but in many more ways than we heard about today .
Harvey Silverglate is a criminal defense and civil liberties attorney and author . Samantha Miller and Timothy Moore helped provide research for this commentary . A version also appeared on WGBHNews.org .
DO YOU THINK that your newest acquisition , a Roomba robotic vacuum cleaner that traces out its unpredictable paths on your living room floor , is conscious ? What about that bee that hovers above your marmalade-covered breakfast toast ? Or the newborn who finally fell asleep after being suckled ? Nobody except a dyed-in-the-wool nerd would think of the first as being sentient ; adherents of Jainism , India 's oldest religion , believe that bees—and indeed all living creatures , small and large—are aware ; whereas most everyone would accord the magical gift of consciousness to the baby .
The truth is that we really do not know which of these organisms is or is not conscious . We have strong feelings about the matter , molded by tradition , religion and law . But we have no objective , rational method , no step-by-step procedure , to determine whether a given organism has subjective states , has feelings .
The reason is that we lack a coherent framework for consciousness . Although consciousness is the only way we know about the world within and around us—shades of the famous Cartesian deduction cogito , ergo sum—there is no agreement about what it is , how it relates to highly organized matter or what its role in life is . This situation is scandalous ! We have a detailed and very successful framework for matter and for energy but not for the mind-body problem . This dismal state of affairs might be about to change , however .
The universal lingua franca of our age is information . We are used to the idea that stock and bond prices , books , photographs , movies , music and our genetic makeup can all be turned into data streams of zeros and ones . These bits are the elemental atoms of information that are transmitted over an Ethernet cable or via wireless , that are stored , replayed , copied and assembled into gigantic repositories of knowledge . Information does not depend on the substrate . The same information can be represented as lines on paper , as electrical charges inside a PC 's memory banks or as the strength of the synaptic connections among nerve cells .
Since the early days of computers , scholars have argued that the subjective , phenomenal states that make up the life of the mind are intimately linked to the information expressed at that time by the brain . Yet they have lacked the tools to turn this hunch into a concrete and predictive theory . Enter psychiatrist and neuroscientist Giulio Tononi of the University of Wisconsin–Madison . Tononi has developed and refined what he calls the integrated information theory ( IIT ) of consciousness .
An Integrated Theory
IIT is based on two axiomatic pillars .
First , conscious states are highly differentiated ; they are informationally very rich . You can be conscious of an uncountable number of things : you can watch your son 's piano recital , for instance ; you can see the flowers in the garden outside or the Gauguin painting on the wall . Think of all the frames from all the movies you have ever seen or that have ever been filmed or that will be filmed ! Each frame , each view , is a specific conscious percept .
Second , this information is highly integrated . No matter how hard you try , you can not force yourself to see the world in black-and-white , nor can you see only the left half of your field of view and not the right . When you 're looking at your friend 's face , you ca n't fail to also notice if she is crying . Whatever information you are conscious of is wholly and completely presented to your mind ; it can not be subdivided . Underlying this unity of consciousness is a multitude of causal interactions among the relevant parts of your brain . If areas of the brain start to disconnect or become fragmented and balkanized , as occurs in deep sleep or in anesthesia , consciousness fades and might cease altogether . Consider split-brain patients , whose corpus callosum—the 200 million wires linking the two cortical hemispheres—has been cut to alleviate severe epileptic seizures . The surgery literally splits the person 's consciousness in two , with one conscious mind associated with the left hemisphere and seeing the right half of the visual field and the other mind arising from the right hemisphere and seeing the left half of the visual field .
To be conscious , then , you need to be a single , integrated entity with a large repertoire of highly differentiated states . Although the 60-gigabyte hard disk on my MacBook exceeds in capacity my lifetime of memories , that information is not integrated . For example , the family photographs on my Macintosh are not linked to one another . The computer does not know that the girl in those pictures is my daughter as she matures from a toddler to a lanky teenager and then a graceful adult . To my Mac , all information is equally meaningless , just a vast , random tapestry of zeros and ones .
Yet I derive meaning from these images because my memories are heavily cross-linked . And the more interconnected , the more meaningful they become . Indeed , Tononi 's IIT postulates that the amount of integrated information that an entity possesses corresponds to its level of consciousness .
These ideas can be precisely expressed in the language of mathematics using notions from information theory such as entropy [ see box on next page ] . Given a particular brain , with its neurons and axons , dendrites and synapses , one can , in principle , accurately compute the extent to which this brain is integrated . From this calculation , the theory derives a single number , ( pronounced “ fi ” ) . Measured in bits , denotes the size of the conscious repertoire associated with any network of causally interacting parts . Think of as the synergy of the system . The more integrated the system is , the more synergy it has , the more conscious it is . If individual brain regions are too isolated from one another or are interconnected at random , will be low . If the organism has many neurons and is richly endowed with specific connections , will be high—capturing the quantity of consciousness but not the quality of any one conscious experience . ( That value is generated by the informational geometry that is associated with but wo n't be discussed here . )
Explaining Brain Facts
The theory can account for a number of puzzling observations . The cerebellum , the “ little brain ” at the back of the brain that contains more neurons than the convoluted cerebral cortex that crowns the organ , has a regular , crystallinelike wiring arrangement . Thus , its circuit complexity as measured by is low as compared with that of the cerebral cortex . Indeed , if you lose your cerebellum you will never be a rock climber , pianist or ballet dancer , but your consciousness will not be impaired . The cortex and its gateway , the thalamus—the quail egg–shaped structure in the center of the brain—on the other hand , are essential for consciousness , providing it with its elaborate content . Its circuitry conjoins functional specialization with functional integration thanks to extensive reciprocal connections linking distinct cortical regions and the cortex with the thalamus . This corticothalamic complex is well suited to behave as a single dynamic entity endowed with a large number of discriminable states . Lose one chunk of a particular cortical area , and you might be unable to perceive motion . If a different area were lesioned , you would be blind to faces ( yet could see the eyes , hair , mouth and ears ) .
When people are woken from deep sleep , they typically recall experiencing nothing or , at best , only some vague bodily feeling ; this experience contrasts with the highly emotional narratives our brains weave during rapid-eye-movement ( REM ) sleep . What is paradoxical is that the average firing activity of individual nerve cells does not differ that much in deep sleep and quiet wakefulness . At the whole system level , though , electroencephalographic electrodes on the skull pick up slow , large and highly synchronized waves during deep sleep . Because these waves are quite regular , they will disrupt the transfer of specific information among brain cells .
Every day , in tens of thousands of surgical operations , patients ' consciousness is quickly , safely and transiently turned off and on again with the help of various anesthetic agents . There is no single mechanism common to all . The most consistent regional finding is that anesthetics reduce thalamic activity and deactivate mesial ( middle ) and parietal cortical regions . Twenty years of electrical recording in anesthetized laboratory animals provided ample evidence that many cortical cells , particularly in primary sensory cortical regions , continue to respond selectively during anesthesia . What appears to be disrupted is large-scale functional integration in the corticothalamic complex .
IIT explains why consciousness requires neither sensory input nor behavioral output , as happens every night during REM sleep , in which a central paralysis prevents the sleeper from acting out her dreams . All that matters for consciousness is the functional relation among the nerve cells that make up the corticothalamic complex . Within this integrated dynamic entity can be found the dream of the lotus eater , the mindfulness of the meditating monk , the agony of the cancer patient and the Arcadian visions of your lost childhood home . Paraphrasing Oscar Wilde , I would say it is the causal interactions within the dynamic core that make the poppy red , the apple odorous and the skylark sing .
Consciousness Is Universal
One unavoidable consequence of IIT is that all systems that are sufficiently integrated and differentiated will have some minimal consciousness associated with them : not only our beloved dogs and cats but also mice , squid , bees and worms .
Indeed , the theory is blind to synapses and to all-or-none pulses of nervous systems . At least in principle , the incredibly complex molecular interactions within a single cell have nonzero . In the limit , a single hydrogen ion , a proton made up of three quarks , will have a tiny amount of synergy , of . In this sense , IIT is a scientific version of panpsychism , the ancient and widespread belief that all matter , all things , animate or not , are conscious to some extent . Of course , IIT does not downplay the vast gulf that separates the of the common roundworm Caenorhabditis elegans with its 302 nerve cells and the associated with the 20 billion cortical neurons in a human brain .
The theory does not discriminate between squishy brains inside skulls and silicon circuits encased in titanium . Provided that the causal relations among the transistors and memory elements are complex enough , computers or the billions of personal computers on the Internet will have nonzero . The size of could even end up being a yardstick for the intelligence of a machine .
Future Challenges
IIT is in its infancy and lacks the graces of a fully developed theory . A major question that it so far leaves unanswered is , Why should natural selection evolve creatures with high ? What benefit for the survival of the organism flows from consciousness ? One answer that I hope for is that intelligence , the ability to assess situations never previously encountered and to rapidly come to an appropriate response , requires integrated information . Another possible answer , though , could be that high- circuits do not have any special status in terms of their survival . Just as electrical charge is a fundamental feature of the universe without a function , consciousness might also lack any specific evolutionary role . It just is .
A second stumbling block with IIT is that is exceedingly difficult to compute even for very small systems . To accurately evaluate for the roundworm is utterly unfeasible , even if using all of Google 's more than 100,000 computers . Can we find other algorithms to more easily compute ?
A third issue to understand is why so much brain processing and so many of our daily behaviors are unconscious . Do the neural networks that mediate these unconscious , zombielike behaviors have lower than the ones that give rise to consciousness ?
Tononi 's integrated information theory of consciousness could be completely wrong . But it challenges us to think deeply about the mind-body problem in a novel , rigorous , and mathematically and empirically minded manner . And that is a great boon to this endeavor .
If Tononi 's equation for proves to plumb the hitherto ineffable—consciousness itself—it would validate the ancient Pythagorean belief that “ number is the ruler of forms and ideas and the cause of gods and demons . ”
Note : This article was originally printed with the title , `` A Theory of Consciousness . ''
Palaeontologists have unearthed a rich variety of dinosaur fossils in an area that would have been one of the most northerly regions of the world in the period just before the giant reptiles died out , between 65 and 68 million years ago .
At the time , the world was far warmer and the continents were still to move to their current positions . Northeastern Russia , where the remains have been found , would have been just 1,000 miles from the North Pole , inside what is now called the Arctic Circle . Average temperatures would have been around 50F ( 10C ) .
Fossil hunters found remains of duck billed dinosaurs , fossilised teeth belonging to relatives of the heavily armoured Triceratops and even teeth belonging to relatives of the giant meat eater Tyrannosaurus rex .
The palaeontologists , based at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences , also found fragments of dinosaur eggshells alongside the Arctic dinosaur remains , providing the first proof the animals were able to reproduce in these relatively cold , northern climates .
Dinosaurs have typically been thought of as being tropical creatures , but the discovery suggests they were able to survive in far colder conditions than had been appreciated .
One of the most common theories for the extinction of the dinosaurs was that the global climate cooled to the point that the animals could not survive . But the new discovery suggests dinosaurs were capable of adapting to cold conditions .
Professor Pascal Godefroit , who led the research on the polar dinosaurs , believes they faced a far more speedy decline , most likely caused by a massive meteor impact around 66 million years ago .
`` For the first time we have firm evidence that these polar dinosaurs were able to reproduce and live in those relatively cold regions , '' he said .
`` There is no way of knowing for sure , but dinosaurs were probably warm blooded just like modern birds , which are the direct descendants of dinosaurs .
`` We have no remains of cold-blooded reptiles such as turtles , crocodilians and lizards in that area which suggests it was too cold for them .
`` The dinosaurs were incredibly diverse in polar regions – as diverse as they were in tropical regions . It was a big surprise for us . ''
Among the dinosaur remains to have been found at Kakanaut , in northeastern Russia , include fossils of bipedal herbivores known as Ornithopods along with larger , lumbering plant eaters , similar to Ceratop dinosaurs , known as Edmontonia .
Teeth belonging to small meat eaters , including the 6ft long Troodon , which carried retractable claws , and relatives of the Velociraptors made famous by Jurassic Park , known as Dromaeosaurids were unearthed .
Remains of large tyrannosaurid dinosaurs , relatives of the formidable Tyranosaurus Rex , were also discovered .
Previously the most northerly dinosaur remains to be found have been in Alaska , but scientists have always assumed the creatures migrated south during the winter months to avoid the cold and long periods of darkness .
Professor Godefroit and his team , however , now claim they have evidence to suggest dinosaurs were year round residents of high latitudes and fed on evergreen plants during the winter . They have reported their findings in the German journal Naturwissenschaften .
He believes that the findings that so many dinosaurs were living in relatively cold regions right up until the time they became extinct , provides strong evidence against theories that climate change gradually killed them off .
Instead he believes debris thrown up by the meteor impact that created the Chicxulub Crater , on the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico , blanketed the atmosphere and reduced the amount of sunlight reaching the planet 's surface .
This would have caused a dramatic reduction in the amount of plant life on the planet , which would have caused a rapid collapse in the food chain as the large plant eating dinosaurs died out , as well as the meat eaters that preyed upon them .
He said : `` The meteor impact would have led to the equivalent of a global polar night that could have lasted for several years . Even the polar dinosaurs that were used to finding food in such conditions would have struggled for that length of time . ''
Robert Spicer , from the Open University , told the scientific journal Nature that the findings show that dinosaurs were far more robust than had been realised .
He said : `` It makes me ask very serious questions about what could make animals that were resilient enough to live under these conditions to suddenly go extinct . ''
Listen to Dopest Out , the new track by Cassidy , which was dropped on Saturday , June 8th , 2013 . Cassidy 's odds keep getting better with each new leak , and Dopest Out will undoubtedly improve his chances of winning . It 's a worthy addition to a respectable catalogue that has seen a lot of growth since Cassidy debuted in this game . We 're looking forward to the follow-up .
Check out Cassidy on Grillin , featuring Chubby Jag . If you dig this , visit Cassidy 's profile for the latest info , news , songs , and mixtapes .
Can you appreciate the bars here ?
Quotable Lyrics
`` I 'm the dopest nigga out , I 'm the dopest nigga out
I 'm the dopest nigga out , dopest nigga out
That stupid nigga never should ' a opened up his mouth
What the fuck is nigga smoking ? I 'm the dopest nigga out
Dope , the dopest nigga out , the dopest nigga out
I 'm the dopest nigga out , I 'm the dopest nigga out
I 'm 'bout to make 'em scatter like the roaches in their house
What the fuck is nigga smoking ? I 'm the dopest nigga out ''
The second day of Mayor Brian Bowman 's summit on racism is underway and there are more complaints of exclusion .
Grand Chief Derek Nepinak is seen in January at a hastily-called press conference by Mayor Brian Bowman to address a Maclean 's article on Winnipeg being racist . ( CBC ) This time , Grand Chief of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs Derek Nepinak says his group has been left out . In a statement released Friday , he said `` it is baffling to consider why we would be 'excluded ' from a national discussion on 'racial inclusion . ' ''
Bowman organized One : The Mayor 's National Summit on Racial Inclusion , which started Thursday at the Canadian Museum for Human Rights , as a response to Maclean 's magazine calling Winnipeg the most racist city in Canada .
Nepinak said it is difficult to understand why he and others from the First Nations community would be invited , at short notice , to stand in solidarity behind Bowman during a press conference to address the Maclean 's article in January , but then be excluded from the summit .
`` Despite having very little background about the intent of the mayor 's press conference , I trusted the call in the spirit of building relations and stood with him and community leaders in the call for change , '' he said .
`` It seems quite the paradox that the AMC would be one of the ones on the short list to call in support of the mayor 's office to challenge racism , and then be excluded when the actual work of 'racial inclusion ' begins . ''
Others have also criticized the summit for not being inclusive enough , for charging a fee to attend , and for favouring higher-profile guests , including author Joseph Boyden and Rev . Gerald Durley , a civil rights activist from the United States , over local community activists and organizers .
That prompted some activists to organize their own alternate summit on Thursday evening , which attracted hundreds of participants .
Previous Next
Statement from AMC Grand Chief Derek Nepinak
In recent months , the City of Winnipeg has been attempting to take a leadership role in addressing matters pertaining to the racism that exists in Winnipeg , the province of Manitoba and beyond .
This is a monumental task and would require careful considerations be made about who should be 'included ' in a National Summit on 'Racial Inclusion ' . The Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs ( AMC ) , Manitoba 's largest Indigenous political advocacy & rights protection organization , was excluded from the invites to the Summit .
Although AMC has taken a concerted and focused approach on advocacy and rights protection over the past 4 years , throughout our 28 years of political leadership in Manitoba , current and former leadership of AMC have created several key connecting points for Manitoba 's Indigenous peoples to access services and support throughout our ancestral lands .
Through our partnerships and businesses created over the past several years , the AMC sees thousands of people from Indigenous families utilizing our services through the Eagle Urban Transition Centre , accessing employment & training programs through our partner organizations , advocacy support for parents and families and a multitude of other supports and services for Indigenous peoples .
One of the greatest barriers that many Indigenous peoples face in accessing services , programs and supports is racism , and we are very well aware of the many instances of both explicit racism and the more subversive institutional racism that exists throughout society as we deal with it everyday through AMC 's network of businesses and services . On this basis , it is baffling to consider why we would be 'excluded ' from a national discussion on 'racial inclusion ' .
Following the release of the Maclean 's magazine article several months ago , myself and others from the community were called to support a short notice press conference and stand with the mayor . Despite having very little background about the intent of the mayor 's press conference , I trusted the call in the spirit of building relations and stood with him and community leaders in the call for change . It seems quite the paradox that the AMC would be one of the ones on the short list to call in support of the Mayor 's office to challenge racism , and then be excluded when the actual work of 'Racial inclusion ' begins .
Hearts must be changed
An American pastor who is also a renowned civil rights activist , speaking at Friday 's summit , commended Bowman for tackling racism head-on .
Gerald Durley , who spoke to a crowd of about 450 on Friday morning , said changing attitudes and changing hearts starts at the top .
`` The person who is in power has the right to change that system and a conference like this forces us to get involved with those who are [ in positions of ] leadership and change our attitudes so that the system will change , '' he said .
`` The system keeps us in bondage and powerless . ''
Durley spoke about being the target of racism in the U.S. , saying the black movement fought back and over time has changed attitudes .
He believes the same can happen here with First Nations people .
`` Differences are made not when laws are necessarily changed but when hearts are changed ; when brains are challenged ; when insights and attitudes reach another level , '' Durley said . `` And you in this room , it all starts with only a few people . ''
Durley believes the summit will give Winnipeggers a new perspective on how to break down stereotypes and make real change .
The schedule of Friday 's events is available on the summit 's website .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The Oakland Police Department 's aggressive response to an Occupy Oakland protest that made international news last October was “ flawed , ” according to a newly released 120-page report ( PDF ) . Commissioned by the city in December and conducted by the Frazier Group consulting firm for $ 100,000 , the report criticized the department for its “ outdated , dangerous , and ineffective ” crowd-control tactics , which critically injured one protester .
The report comes on the heels of news that an OPD officer may have botched the investigation into the police-inflicted injury that left Marine vet Scott Olsen in critical condition during the October 25 protest . ( A criminal investigation initiated by the OPD had been closed entirely until the Frazier Group expressed “ serious concerns regarding [ It 's ] quality and breadth ” and got it reopened , the new report revealed . ) The allegation was made in a document filed with Thelton Henderson , the federal judge tasked with overseeing OPD independent monitors following a 2003 drug-planting scandal 's settlement . In January , Henderson wrote that the police response to Occupy Oakland protests raised “ serious concerns ” and that the department remained “ woefully behind its peers around the state and nation. ” If the department does n't make significant improvements , it runs the risk of being placed in federal receivership .
The Frazier report criticized the OPD for inadequately planning the early morning raid of the Occupy Oakland camp that sparked the October protests . It also blamed the aggressive police response on “ a series of cascading events , ” including recent command turnover that resulted in failures to learn from mistakes , and “ years of diminishing resources ” that have reduced the number of officers in the department by 23 percent since 2009 .
The report also singled out “ other direct action groups ” among the Occupiers , including “ Black Bloc groups , ” which “ detest organization and wish to take away tools of empowerment through anarchy ” and confront police “ with the intent to provoke physical contact and seek notoriety. ” Black bloc tactics have been the subject of criticism and controversy throughout the course of the Occupy movement .
More than 1,000 complaints have been filed over the OPD 's handing of various Occupy Oakland protests , according to the East Bay Express . The OPD has repeatedly violated its own crowd-control policy , which was adopted following an aggressive response to a 2003 antiwar protest that resulted in lawsuits that cost the department more than $ 2 million . OPD Chief Howard Jordan , who was a lieutenant at the time , was involved in policing that protest and was deposed during the ensuing investigation . In both cases , the heavy-handed tactics centered on the use of “ less-lethal ” projectiles , such as the beanbag round that later injured Scott Olsen . The Frazier report said such weapons should be replaced with “ state of the art equipment that will reduce injuries ” and “ help prevent property damage . ”
The OPD has revised its crowd control policy since Occupy Oakland began last fall . The changes were most evident during a May Day protest , when police executed targeted “ snatch and grab ” arrests and tried a more localized use of tear gas as part of a toned-down response . ( However , mutual aid officers from Alameda County did roll in a $ 323,000 armored personnel carrier purchased in 2010 from the military contractor Academi . )
The Frazier report laid out 68 recommendations for Oakland police to improve their handling of future protests . In a press release , the city claimed ( PDF ) that nearly three-quarters of those recommendations “ are currently completed or underway. ” The consultants also credited Chief Howard Jordan , who was the interim police chief last October , for “ making departmental improvements his highest strategic priority ” since the fall . The new report “ confirms that we have the right leadership in Chief Jordan , ” beleaguered Oakland Mayor Jean Quan said in the city 's press release , “ and we have now begun to implement new policies , procedures , and training to create a new Oakland Police Department . ”
As the first African-American president in United States history takes office , researchers have shown that it may be possible to scientifically reduce racial bias .
After being trained to distinguish between similar black male faces , Caucasian test subjects showed greater racial tolerance on a test designed to to measure unconscious bias .
The results are still preliminary , have yet to be replicated , and the real-world effects of reducing bias in a controlled laboratory setting are not clear . But for all those caveats , the findings add to a growing body of research suggesting that science can battle racism .
`` Any time you can get people to treat people as individuals , you reduce the effect of stereotypes , '' said Brown University cognitive scientist Michael Tarr . `` It wo n't solve racism , but it could have profound real-world effects . ''
Tarr 's findings overlap with other results suggesting that the key to reducing racial bias — at least in a short-term , laboratory setting
— is exposure to people in personalized ways that challenge stereotypes . This is hardly a new notion : it 's the essence of the contact hypothesis , formulated in the mid-20th century and the basis of integrated schooling .
But unlike carefully structured social mixing , with precisely controlled conditions of interdependence and equality , Tarr and others raise the possibility of a a lab-based shortcut to bias reduction .
Underpinning this research is the Implicit Association Test , used by psychologists to measure deep-rooted , often unconscious biases . During the test , subjects are measured on the time it takes to associate faces with positive or negative words . If , for example , someone more quickly associates negative words with minority rather than white faces , they 're likely to have a bias — a bias that translates into a tendency to hire same-race workers , choose same-race partners , and find minority defendants guilty .
If the bias can be changed , perhaps the behavior will follow .
`` The entire idea of neural plasticity is a new one . We did n't think that the brain was capable of change as we now know it to be , '' said Mahzarin Banaji , a Harvard University psychologist whose online Project Implicit has administered 4.5 million bias tests in the last decade . `` The bias stuff we learn is heading in that direction , telling us that there is the ability to change . ''
`` It 's remarkable that our brain is so flexible that 10 hours of training will affect something that is the product of your whole life experience , '' said Tarr , who hopes his work will lead to race training for people working in potentially race-sensitive situations , such as police officers , social workers and immigration officials .
In a study published Tuesday in Public Library of Science ONE ,
Tarr 's team put 20 Caucasian college students through ten hours of face-identification training , testing their ability to discern previously-seen from unknown faces . Students with the largest improvements in face memory also showed significant improvements on a variation of the Implicit Association Test .
According to Banaji , a brief talk about working for women suffices to reduce gender bias . City University of New York psychologist Curtis Hardin showed that having black experimenters administer a test produced lower bias scores among white subjects .
In one of the few attempts to measure bias change and brain activity , Princeton University psychologist Susan Fiske simultaneously presented test subjects with pictures of black people and vegetables . When asked what the person in the picture liked to eat , activity in the amygdala — a brain region that modulates fear — subsided .
`` Amygdala activation goes away as soon as you start to think of people as individuals , '' said Fiske .
These results are promising , but it 's too soon to say whether they 're long-lasting , or will translate to real-world improvements in behavior .
`` Our biggest concern is that if we have participants come into a lab and do some exercises , then the context is so specific that it may only work if they see an African-American in a lab , '' said Bertram Gawronski , a University of Western Ontario cognitive scientist . `` It 's really important that it 's done in different contexts , and that people are repeatedly bombarded with counter-attitudinal information . ''
For at least the next four years , however , the United States will collectively undergo a real-world experiment in stereotype defiance .
`` The first black president — that 's going to have a huge effect on things that come to mind , '' said Ohio State University psychologist Richard Petty . `` Instead of just negative associations , there will be all sorts of positive associations . ''
Let 's just hope they last .
Citation : `` Perceptual Other-Race Training Reduces Implicit Racial Bias . '' By Sophie Lebrecht , Lara J . Pierce , Michael J. Tarr and James W. Tanaka . Public Library of Science ONE , Jan. 21 , 2009 .
Image : VizCogLab/University of Victoria
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
© REUTERS/Aly Song China 's Premier Li Keqiang attends the 4th Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern European Countries , in Suzhou
China 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) totaled more than $ 10 trillion in 2015 and the economy grew by around 7 percent , with the services sector accounting for half of GDP , Premier Li Keqiang said on Saturday .
The premier also said that employment had expanded more than expected with 900 million people making up the country 's total workforce , including 150 million skilled professionals .
Consumption contributed nearly 60 percent of growth , Li said , at the opening ceremony for the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ) in Beijing .
China 's fourth-quarter and full-year 2015 GDP figures are expected to be released on Jan. 19 .
Analysts polled by Reuters have forecast 2015 growth cooled to 6.9 percent , down from 7.3 percent in 2014 and the slowest pace in a quarter of a century .
( Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong and the Shanghai Newsroom ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
Ahead of Saturday 's elections in Pakistan the Taliban is intensifying its attacks , vowing to cripple voter turnout . In the latest move of intimidation , gunmen have abducted another candidate , the son of a former prime minister .
During a small political gathering in the city of Multan , militants kidnapped the son of Yusuf Raza Gilani , the former prime minister who was disqualified last year from his premiership and now serves as the vice-chairman of the from the Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) .
`` People came on a motorbike . They also had a car with them and they opened fire and abducted Yousuf Raza Gilani 's son Ali Haider in a black Honda , '' Police officer Khurram Shakur said , as quoted by Sky News .
The gunmen also killed Ali Haider Gilani 's secretary and a bodyguard during the assault , police said .
`` His two guards were shielding him , and they died ... I urge all of my party supporters to remain peaceful and participate in the vote , '' Ali 's father said in a statement to Pakistani media after the kidnapping .
Meanwhile , Ali 's brother Musa sent a very different message to the public : “ If we do n't get my brother by this evening I will not let the elections happen in my area , ” he said .
Other family members said they will boycott the vote unless Ali Haider Gilani is returned .
Several others were injured , including Gilani , who was reported by local media to be bleeding as he was dragged into the abductor 's car .
The Gilani family claimed that they had received death threats in the past from the Taliban and blamed the police for not providing adequate security .
Taliban spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan denied responsibility in a telephone call to Reuters .
On Friday a motorbike bomb exploded near a Pakistani political party 's office , killing four and injuring 15 in the country 's northwest on the eve of nationwide elections , AFP reported . The blast struck the Miranshah bazaar in North Waziristan , a hotbed of Taliban and Al-Qaeda-linked militants .
Taliban struggle
In a message to the group 's spokesman , dated May 1 , and obtained by Reuters on Thursday , Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , revealed the organization 's plans for suicide bombings in all of the country 's provinces on election day .
“ We do n't accept the system of infidels which is called democracy , ” Mehsud said .
The Taliban has waged a war in Pakistan for years trying to enforce Islamic Sharia law and expel the United States , which regularly carries out drone warfare along the Pakistani-Afghani border , inflicting civilian collateral damage . In response , the Taliban resolves to its traditional assault measures of suicide blasts that killed thousands of civilians and security personnel .
The Royal Bahraini Air Force ( RBAF ) has lost one of its F-16s performing a mission to support the Saudi-led air offensive in Yemen .
The Bahrain Defence Force ( BDF ) General Command reported that am RBAF ‘ s F-16 jet went down in Jizan province , Saudi Arabia , on Dec. 30 , 2015 , while it was undertaking the national duty of defending the kingdom of Saudi Arabia ( KSA ) 's southern borders as part of the Saudi-led Arab Coalition 's “ Operation Decisive Storm ” and “ Operation Restore Hope . ”
The pilot safely ejected from the aircraft and investigations are underway to determine the cause of the incident .
Noteworthy several media reports claim that the fighter has crashed due to a technical malfunction .
Nevertheless the fact that , as shown in the following amateur video , the F-16 was already in flames before hitting the ground raised some doubts about a technical failure suffered by the aircraft fueling speculations that the aircraft might have been hit by ground fire .
As we know in fact , Houthi rebels possess the capabilities to shoot down coalition aircraft , as they have shown on May . 11 , 2015 when they downed a Royal Moroccan Air Force F-16 which was taking part in air campaign in Yemen .
Follow us everywhere and do n't miss any news and update . Get The Aviationist Mobile App for Android here ( IOS coming soon ) .
Related articles
The border policies of the EU member states continue to kill people . According to refugees a boat of the Turkish coast guard intercepted a dinghy in Greek waters and shots were fired . Three dead bodies have been washed ashore on a Lesvos beach . Meanwhile the refugee protests and hunger strikes on Lesvos and in Athens continue .
Image : The hunger strike for the freedom of movement on Lesvos continues . Image by Twitter account @ AHampay
Published by Enough is Enough .
Note : Enough is not organizing any of these events , we are publishing this text for people across the US and Europe to be able to see what is going on and for documentation only .
Read all our reports about refugees in Greece ; here .
# RefugeesGR : Three Dead Bodies Have Been Washed Ashore on a Lesvos Beach
The border policies of the EU member states continue to kill people . According to refugees a boat of the Turkish coast guard intercepted a dinghy in Greek waters and shots were fired . Three dead bodies have been washed ashore on a Lesvos beach in the past few days . Meanwhile the refugee protests and hunger strikes on Lesvos and in Athens continue .
According to Lesvos News , the body of a girl estimated between 12 and 13 years old was found on the beach near Madamados on Saturday morning . Another body was washed ashore a little later . On Friday , the body of a young boy estimated at the same age was found in the same area of Sarakina near Madamados .
We are shocked to hear that three dead bodies have been washed ashore on a # lesvos beach . Two of them are children . Only # safepassage can prevent more deaths — Refugee Rescue ( @ RefugeeRescueUK ) November 11 , 2017
While EU 's migration commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos was praising the EU/Turkey deal yesterday people continue to die and the terror against refugees at sea also continues . Yesterday Refugee Rescue boat ‘ Mo Chara ' received a request by the Hellenic coastguard to assist in transitioning 17 very distressed and hypothermic people to the port . Later several refugees who arrived on the Greek islands reported that their dinghy was intercepted by the Turkis coat guard . According to the refugees shots were fired and after that 17 people jumped into the water and swam towards the Greek coart guard .
Yesterday 3.47am , Refugee Rescue boat ‘ Mo Chara ' received a request by the Hellenic coastguard to assist in transitioning 17 very distressed and hypothermic people to port ( 1/2 ) — Refugee Rescue ( @ RefugeeRescueUK ) November 11 , 2017
Several arrivals reported that their dinghy – originally carrying 37 people – was intercepted by the Turkish coast guard in Greek waters . Allegedly shots were fired and 17 jumped into the water and swam towards the Hellenic Coast Guard ( 2/2 ) — Refugee Rescue ( @ RefugeeRescueUK ) November 11 , 2017
On Lesvos the protests and hunger strike of refugees for the freedom of movement continues . Today is the 24th day of the protests on Sappho square in Mytilini , the capital of Lesvos island . A group of women is in hunger strke for 11 days now , and Arash Hampay is in hunger strike for five days . Two days ago Arash wrote on his Facebook profile : “ The Condition & Spirit of Protesters :
Considering the difficulty of occupying Sappho Square – the cold nights , rain , absence of heating equipment , threats by fascist elements in Lesbos , police threats , police physical violence , and legally unjustified arrests of protestors , including a minor – the spirit of the protesters is unbreakable as this protest concerns their safety and their families ' safety , as well as their fundamental human rights . The protesters gain their strengths from the belief in the strength and hope in the solidarity of the people and not the state which is complicit in the injustices imposed on refugees on European soil . ”
Today Arash posted another message on his Facebook profile saying : “ One of the protesteers , Hesam shaeri hesari , was arrested last night and has not been released as of yet . The police have provided contradictory statements so far , where in the one instance they claimed to have never arrested him , while on a second occasion they claimed that they released him last night . As of this moment his mobile phone is off and we have no news about his whereabouts and well being . ”
In Athens , the protests and hunger strike for family reunification also continues . Two days ago the Facebook page of the protesting refugees on Syntagma square wrote : “ Hanne B . ( 39 years old ) is a single mother of four . She and her husband survived the 2012 Houla massacre , where only a few survived . [ vi ] Her husband , who left for Germany at the end of 2014 and received refugee status there , has been branded by the events . Not only he experienced the massacre , but he still carries bomb splitters in his body from those horrible days . “ My husband is visiting a psychologist until today for what we went through in Syria . Only he knows what happened to him during that time . I just know , first they bombed the houses and when people ran out , the snipers opened fire . Many died . My husband 's father and mother died . They killed and raped . We ran away without shoes… ” . Hanne fled Syria in 2015 with her three children after the family 's house got bombed . She gave birth to a fourth child in Turkey . Her smallest child was one year old when he crossed the Aegean in a small boat . “ We arrived on Chios , on 9 March 2016 . After ten days , we were sent to Athens by ferry . I stayed for three months in a tent in Piraeus port . Then , we got moved to Skaramangas camp . I tried for almost three months to call Skype to apply for family reunification . I finally applied on 2 November 2016 . On 6 March , I got my acceptance. ” Hanne is now waiting for more than 8 months to reunify with her husband . Meanwhile , she is living alone with four children in the camp . She feels there is no security for them . Hanne says : “ There is a family whose child drowned here . I am afraid to let my children play outside . I just want to travel to my husband . ”
Urgent ! We need your support to organise and provide mutual aid on Lesvos and in Athens . Please support !
Some of the Enough is Enough team will join Cars of Hope to support refugees on Lesvos and in Athens in December and January . They will arrive on Lesvos at December 17 . The work of Cars of Hope is based on mutual aid and one of the groups they will cooperate with on the Greek island is the No Border Kitchen Lesvos crew .
Cars of Hope needs your support for their work with refugees on Lesvos and in Athens . You can support them with direct donations on their Paypal account carsofhopewtal @ gmail.com or by joining the Cars of Hope crowdfunding campaign ( Donations by bank transfer or credit card ) at : https : //www.leetchi.com/c/soziales-von-cars-of-hope .
Here is a video that we produced in September 2017 ( on Lesvos ) :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
The brief history of recording technology includes a lot of dead ends . Lost experiments , failed prototypes , and other historical footnotes have languished in hidden collections for decades . New technology and innovative techniques have allowed researchers to breathe new digital life into these analog artifacts . Here are a few examples .
1 . THE FIRST PICTURES FROM THE SURFACE OF ANOTHER PLANET
In 1975 , the Soviet probe Venera 9 landed on Venus . With temperatures approaching 900 degrees Fahrenheit , Venera 9 lasted less than an hour . But the probe managed to send back two panoramic photographs—including telemetry and calibration data , which turned large sections of the historic pictures into apparently random black and white pixels . Researcher Don Mitchell reviewed the original digital data in 2004 , using modern filtering and sampling techniques to fill in these gaps and produce clearer versions of these amazing images . Software has also allowed Mitchell to improve the color balance and clarity of other images returned by the Venera spacecraft both on the surface of Venus and in orbit around it .
2 . THE FIRST RECORDING MADE FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES
In 1888 , Thomas Edison toyed with the idea of selling a little doll that sang “ Twinkle Twinkle ” using a specially designed audio cylinder . It would 've been the first commercial use of an audio recording , but the product barely made it off the drawing board ( to the relief of millions of Victorian parents ) because there was no way of mass-producing recordings—a new recording had to be made for each doll . A badly damaged prototype of the cylinder was scanned by scientists at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ; in 2011 , Patrick Feaster , a media historian at Indiana University , succeeded in identifying its significance .
3 . THE FIRST RECORDING OF A HUMAN VOICE
The Phonautograph , created in 1857 by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville , recorded sounds by tracing a stylus ' vibrations on a soot-blackened sheet of glass . Several of Scott 's experiments survived , but there was never a way to play back the audio despite experiments starting in 1877 . In 2008 , the original phonautographs were discovered in French archives and Patrick Feaster translated the recordings into a format which standard sound-editing software could read . Since then , several of Scott 's recordings from 1860 have been recovered , including the earliest recorded human voice ( Thomas Edison 's phonograph was n't developed for another 16 years ) .
4 . THE FIRST TELEVISION RECORDINGS
In 1927 , John Logie Baird revealed the revolutionary Phonovision , which could record a live television signal on vinyl discs ; his early television signals were low-frequency enough to be faintly audible and therefore could be picked up by a recording stylus . Baird never succeeded in playing the recordings back on what he dubbed his “ Photovisor , ” and later researchers mostly ignored them . In the 1980s , historian Don McLean used digital sampling to resurrect all of the five remaining Phonovision discs ; he discovered that he could use software to correct errors introduced by the original recording equipment and create clear images .
5 . THE OLDEST SURVIVING GRAMOPHONE RECORD
In 1890 , Emile Berliner unveiled the gramophone , the prototype for today 's turntables and one of the most iconic of all recording technologies . Most of his recordings were lost—until 2012 , when Patrick Feaster discovered a photograph of one of Berliner 's early test records in an 1890 magazine . Feaster scanned the image . He used software to translate the photographed record grooves into an audio signal and revealed Berliner 's voice . The recording is one of the earliest phonograph recordings in existence , if not the earliest .
6 . A RARE WOODY GUTHRIE LIVE PERFORMANCE
In 2001 , the Woody Guthrie archives received a package containing two spools of magnetic recording wire containing a Woody Guthrie performance ; only a handful exist . The man who recorded the concert had forgotten about the wires , which had been sitting at the back of a closet since December 1949 . Unfortunately , the wire was brittle after 50 years of storage and snapped when the archivists tried to digitize it . It was n't until 2007 that sound engineer Jamie Howarth and mathematician Kevin Short succeeded in restoring the recording , using proprietary algorithms to reduce background noise and timing errors . It won a special Grammy .
The @ adgpi job is to train for war , not to be used for civilian works @ nsitharaman ji . Do n't divert defence resources to civilian jobs ( 1/2 ) . — Capt.Amarinder Singh ( @ capt_amarinder ) 1509432164000
You 're doing what General Kaul did with the 4th Div before 1962 war with China . It will set a very bad precedent . Pls avoid . ( 2/2 ) — Capt.Amarinder Singh ( @ capt_amarinder ) 1509432231000
The army was to be a measure of last resort to be called upon in extreme emergency . Now it seems like it 's the 1st… https : //t.co/IWZGXawbEk — Omar Abdullah ( @ OmarAbdullah ) 1509432362000
NEW DELHI : The Maharashtra government 's decision to rope in the Army to construct a bridge in Mumbai 's Elphinstone Road train station , the site of a deadly stampede which claimed the lives of 23 people last month , is facing backlash from the opposition.Earlier today , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis announced that the Indian Army 's engineering wing will design and build new foot overbridges at Elphinstone Road and two other train stations by January 31 , 2018 . Flanked by Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Railways minister Piyush Goyal , Fadnavis surveyed the Elphinstone Road station to take stock of the improvement works in progress post-stampede . `` After Elphinstone stampede incident , we had asked for help from armed forces and Defence Minister . She agreed to help us and three bridges will be constructed by 31 Jan , '' said Fadnavis , while addressing mediapersons.No sooner was the plan made public that the leaders of opposition parties targeted the government for calling in the Army to perform a civil work which falls under the domain of the Railway ministry.Mumbai Congress president Sanjay Nirupam slammed the ruling BJP-Shiv Sena combine and wondered if the government will next dial the Army for menial chores like filling potholes in the city 's roads.While acknowledging the Army 's vital role at the borders , Defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman gave the rationale that the seriousness of the Elphinstone tragedy had necessitated that the armed forces oversee the construction of the bridge . `` This is probably the first time we have asked the Army to come in to build what could otherwise be called civil work , but Elphinstone tragedy was so big . A call was taken to cooperate , seeing urgency of the matter as the Army has its role at the borders , '' Sitharaman said.Punjab chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh panned the decision , pointing out to the defence minister that it would divert defence resources to civilian jobs and set a `` bad precedent '' .National Conference leader Omar Abdullah remarked that it was becoming the norm to call in the Army to perform civilian works not requiring their expertise.The former J & K chief minister was probably alluding to when the Army was pressed into service to construct a bailey bridge in Kerala 's Enadu . In another instance , the Army also built a foot overbridge in place of a collapsed one near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Delhi ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
The FIA World Motor Sport Council has changed how Formula One 's controversial power unit grid penalties will be imposed during the 2018 F1 season .
As of next year the maximum number of places a driver will be moved back on the grid is 15 . If a driver incurs a greater number of penalty places than this they will be sent to the back of the starting grid .
In practice the change is unlikely to make a significant difference . As power unit penalties are applied in increments of five grid places the smallest grid penalty a driver can receive which is larger than 15 places is 20 grid spots , which is already the total number of places on the entire grid . However it will change how the grid is formed when multiple drivers incur more than 15 penalty places .
“ If a driver incurs a penalty exceeding 15 grid places he will be required to start the race from the back of the starting grid , ” confirmed the FIA in a statement . “ If more than one driver receives such a penalty they will be arranged at the back of the grid in the order in which the offences were committed . ”
Other changes to the sporting and technical regulations for 2018 were also agreed . Changes are being made to the procedure for starting or resuming a race behind the Safety Car . This rule was introduced this year but has not yet been used in F1 .
Alterations are also being made to the F1 timetable “ to increase flexibility ” . Revisions to testing were announced restricting the testing of older cars to FIA Grade 1 and 1T-classified circuits and limiting demonstration events to no more than 50 kilometres .
Technical changes to the cars for 2018 will now include more detailed specifications for oil and restrictions on using oil as fuel . A new minimum weight for batteries will be brought in and revisions to the positions of onboard cameras and wing mirrors due to the introduction of Halo .
2018 F1 season
A-State Athletic Director Terry Mohajir worked his negotiations magic once again to resurrect a century-old rivalry . The Arkansas State Red Wolves and Memphis Tigers announced a four-game home-and-home series beginning in 2020 when the Tigers visit Jonesboro . The return of the rivalry satisfies the mad cravings of both fan bases , Mohajir told the Arkansas-Democrat Gazette .
`` It 's probably the most talked about and popular opponent when it comes to scheduling , '' Mohajir said . `` I think it 's good for their fan base ; I think it 's good for our fan base . It 's a really good regional matchup . ''
The A-State/Memphis rivalry began in 1914 , when Arkansas State started a 7-game win streak with a 18-6 victory . Over the next 100 years , the two teams played 57 times , with the Memphis Tigers earning a slight advantage with a 29-5-23 record .
The last game between the two teams was in 2013 at the Liberty Bowl , which ended with Red Wolves then head coach Bryan Harsin absorbing a surprise 31-7 thumping from the Tigers . Red Wolves fans were not pleased with the way the rivalry ended . The new contract has the Red Wolves in Memphis in 2020 and 2022 , and the Tigers in Jonesboro 2021 and 2023 .
Since last the two teams played , both programs have seen coaching changes , with Blake Anderson taking over for the Red Wolves in 2014 and Mike Norvell taking charge of the Tigers after the 2015 season . Both programs have enjoyed success on the gridiron , with the Red Wolves winning two more conference titles and the Tigers flirting heavily with the AP Top 25 for most of last season .
Clearly , the two Titans of the Delta could ignore each other no longer .
Read here how a friendly shuffleboard match between Terry Mohahir and Memphis AD Tom Bowen led to the rivalry 's glorious renewal .
Statement from President Clinton and Secretary Clinton on the Passing of Muhammad Ali
Hillary and I are saddened by the passing of Muhammad Ali . From the day he claimed the Olympic gold medal in 1960 with his Boxing Shoes , boxing fans across the world knew they were seeing a blend of beauty and grace , speed and strength that may never be matched again . We watched him grow from the brash self-confidence of youth and success into a manhood full of religious and political convictions that led him to make tough choices and live with the consequences . Along the way we saw him courageous in the ring , inspiring to the young , compassionate to those in need , and strong and good-humored in bearing the burden of his own health challenges .
I was honored to award him the Presidential Citizens Medal at the White House , to watch him light the Olympic flame , and to forge a friendship with a man who , through triumph and trials , became even greater than his legend . Our hearts go out to Lonnie , his children , and his entire family .
# # #
Report suggests News of the World had details of more messages left on murdered schoolgirl 's phone than first thought
Fresh evidence has emerged of other voice messages allegedly hacked from the phone of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler 's by the News of the World .
A report suggested that the former Sunday tabloid newspaper had details of more voicemails left on her mobile phone than originally thought .
The Wall Street Journal said it had obtained earlier print editions of the newspaper from 2002 , which made reference to more messages on the missing teenager 's phone .
It states that it undertook a review of the News International-owned newspaper and found that early versions on one day contained detailed quotes from three voicemails .
In the final edition , the article only contained one passing reference to a single voicemail .
On 14 April 2002 , the News of the World published a story in its final edition about a woman allegedly pretending to be Milly who had applied for a job with a recruitment agency . It suggested that the hoaxer had given the agency Milly 's real mobile number , which it used to contact her when a vacancy arose , leaving a message on her voicemail six days after she went missing .
The newspaper later informed the police about the voicemail that it is alleged to have intercepted .
However , the Wall Street Journal has now said that it has obtained earlier editions of the newspaper from the same day , which include an article that makes reference to two further messages left on the phone .
The first version , which ran in the early England and Scotland editions , stated that a strange and unexplained voicemail had been left on the mobile phone by a man on 28 March at 7.48am who said `` Mortlake in Putney by Tangies '' , before signing off with `` Piggo baby '' .
According to the Journal , the article also cited the time and date of a third voicemail , which was left by a mystery caller and was described as being `` another brief cryptic message '' .
The final edition of the paper changed dramatically , however , and the story and headline focused on the possibility that a hoaxer had been posing as Milly Dowler , hampering the police investigation . The later article only made a brief reference to the voicemail relating to the employment opportunity .
Milly , 13 , disappeared on her way home from school in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , on 21 March 2002 and her remains were found by mushroom pickers in a wood six months later in a forest 25 miles away .
In June this year , Levi Bellfield , a former nightclub bouncer who had two previous murder convictions , was found guilty of her murder . Bellfield was sentenced to life in prison . At the time of the school girl 's disappearance , he was living close to where she had last been seen but he had escaped police notice for years .
The Guardian revealed last month that the News of the World allegedly hacked into the missing schoolgirl 's phone and deleted messages , which gave her family the false hope that she was still alive and accessing her voicemail [ see footnote ] .
According to the Wall Street Journal , the Dowler family lawyer , Mark Lewis , said on Friday that they were in talks with News International , which were aimed at avoiding litigation over the phone hacking issue .
A spokeswoman for News International declined to comment on specific talks with the family , but said that the company was looking to settle with phone-hacking victims as swiftly as possible .
• The following was published on 12 December 2011 in the corrections and clarifications column : An article about the investigation into the abduction and death of Milly Dowler ( News of the World hacked Milly Dowler 's phone during police hunt , 5 July , page 1 ) stated that voicemail `` messages were deleted by [ NoW ] journalists in the first few days after Milly 's disappearance in order to free up space for more messages . As a result friends and relatives of Milly concluded wrongly that she might still be alive . '' Since this story was published new evidence – as reported in the Guardian of 10 December – has led the Metropolitan police to believe that this was unlikely to have been correct and that while the News of the World hacked Milly Dowler 's phone the newspaper is unlikely to have been responsible for the deletion of a set of voicemails from the phone that caused her parents to have false hopes that she was alive , according to a Metropolitan police statement made to the Leveson inquiry on 12 December .
Simon Kinberg has opened up to EW about the work he has done on Star Wars . Kinberg , Michael Arndt , and Lawrence Kasdan spent a week putting the sequel trilogy and Anthology film outlines together . Kinberg tells EW :
Like a TV writers room , we spent a week with a whiteboard and some pens and were in a conference room all day talking about [ movies ] VII , VIII , and IX.But it 's a whiteboard covered in our notes . We had a sense of what we each wanted to write . It was the most magical time because we were writing Star Wars movies . Then we would go back to the inn at Skywalker and have dinner and drink a little bit and Larry would tell me and Michael stories about the moment in his life where he wrote Raiders of the Lost Ark , The Empire Strikes Back , The Big Chill , Body Heat all in the span of , I think , five years . So we just had this crazy , magical time together .
Kinberg then elaborates on his involvement as the process continued :
I 'm like a friend of the court . I consult on the movies . I worked on VII : helped break the story , read scripts , drafts at certain points , and gave my thoughts whatever they were worth .
You also ca n't leave out that Simon Kinberg went on to write some of the most pivotal episodes in Star Wars Rebels and plotted that show out with Dave Filoni and Greg Weisman . When you look at everything together you really see that Kinberg is a huge part of the creative team for this era of Star Wars .
Sporting Kansas City has acquired 25-year-old winger Gerso Fernandes in a transfer from Portuguese club C.F . Os Belenenses , the club announced Wednesday . Fernandes has signed as a Designated Player through 2019 with an option for 2020 . He will occupy an international spot on Sporting Kansas City 's roster pending receipt of his International Transfer Certificate and P1 visa .
A native of Guinea-Bissau in West Africa , Fernandes has played more than 150 matches during a six-year professional career in Portugal . He has spent each of the last five seasons in the Portuguese first division , including the 2016-17 Primeira Liga campaign with Belenenses .
“ Gerso is a player who has been on our radar over the past few years , ” Sporting KC Manager Peter Vermes said . “ Once he became available during this window , acquiring him became a priority for us . He is a dynamic winger that can play on either side of the field and the fact that he played a similar formation to ours in Portugal will only help his transition into our team . ”
Fernandes , a left-footed winger , has started nine of 14 Primeira Liga appearances for Belenenses since August , recording four assists as well as the game-winning goal against Maritimo on Dec. 10 . He also contributed one assist in three domestic cup matches , featuring in the 2016-17 Taça de Portugal and the 2016-17 Taça da Liga .
Prior to joining Belenenses this summer , Fernandes appeared more than 100 times for Estoril between 2011-2016 . He helped clinch promotion to the Primera Liga in his first year with the club , playing 21 matches en route to the 2011-12 Segunda Liga title . He facilitated Estoril 's transition to the top flight over the next two seasons , recording four assists in 43 Primera Liga appearances and playing six games in the 2013-14 UEFA Europa League group stage .
Fernandes went on loan to Moreirense for the 2014-15 campaign , netting a career-high six goals in all competitions while leading the newly promoted club to an 11th place finish in the 18-team Primeira Liga . He returned to Estoril the following year , notching two goals and four assists while starting 30 league matches during the 2015-16 season .
Born in Bissau , Guinea-Bissau , Fernandes moved to Portugal at age 11 to begin his youth career with C.F . União de Coimbra in 2002 . He continued his development at Académica de Coimbra from 2009-2010 before going on loan to G.D. Tourizense , where he scored three goals across 25 games in his first professional season .
For a full list of Sporting Kansas City 's offseason roster moves , visit SportingKC.com/tracker .
VITALS
Gerso Fernandes ( JER-soh )
Position : Forward/Midfielder
Number : TBD
Born : 2/23/1991
Height : 5-8
Weight : 140 lbs .
Hometown : Bissau , Guinea-Bissau
Birthplace : Bissau , Guinea-Bissau
Citizenship : Guinea-Bissau
Previous club : C.F . Os Belenenses ( Portugal )
Instagram : 1gersinh0
A Tinicum Township , Delaware County police officer is recovering Sunday morning after police say he was stabbed by a man whom he was giving a courtesy transport to a hotel in South Philadelphia . ( Published Sunday , Sept. 6 , 2015 )
A Delaware County police officer was recovering Sunday morning after police say a man stabbed him during a scuffle outside a South Philadelphia hotel .
The Tinicum Township officer was doing a good deed when things went awry , police said : He was giving the suspect a courtesy transport from a Motel 6 in Tinicum to the nearby Holiday Inn Philadelphia Stadium at 10th Street and Packer Avenue in South Philadelphia .
When the officer and the suspect , who were both in the officer 's cruiser , arrived at the hotel about 8:20 p.m. , a scuffle between them broke out , police said .
The fight spilled out of the cruiser , and ended when the suspect stabbed the officer in the shoulder and fled the scene . Philadelphia Police responded and took the wounded officer to Presbyterian Medical Center , where he was in stable condition .
Police tracked down and arrested the suspect a short while later . He has not yet been publicly identified , and official charges have not been filed .
It was unclear what sparked the scuffle , and the incident remained under investigation early Sunday .
A Tinicum Township Police officer is hospitalized after being stabbed in the arm during a fight outside a South Philadelphia hotel .
The officer was dropping off the man at the Holiday Inn Philadelphia Stadium at 10th Street and Packer Avenue in a courtesy transport around 8:20 p.m. Saturday when a fight broke out in the cruiser , Philadelphia Police tell NBC10 . He was picked up from the Motel 6 in neighboring Tinicum .
The fight spilled out of the car and into the hotel 's parking lot . During the scuffle , the officer was stabbed in the bicep , police said .
The officer called for help as the man fled the scene . Philadelphia Police rushed the officer to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center for treatment . He 's listed in stable condition , police said .
The suspect was caught a short time later . Investigators are looking into what sparked the fight .
Reversing Food Allergy- Close to Reality .
By Atul N. Shah , MD , FACAAI , FAAAAI ,
Medical Director , Center4AsthmaAllergy.com ;
Founder , AmazingAllergist.com ;
Bestselling Author of “ Allergies , and Awesome You ”
In a July 19 , 2012 issue of New England Journal of Medicine , the allergy specialists and scientists under the Consortium of Food Allergy Research ( CoFAR ) have published a very promising study under the title “ Oral Immunotherapy for Treatment of Egg Allergy in Children ” . It has been viewed by media as the cure for all the food allergies . Our team at the AmazingAllergist.com , asked Dr. Atul N. Shah , a board certified allergist , to share his view . This excerpt was prepared from his recent media interview on the topic .
The “ reversal of egg allergy ” is a very exciting step in the right direction . It is very promising to see the progress in the field of allergy and immunology that will offer hope to children and parents with numerous food allergies . The word of caution here is DO NOT try at home . It 's not ready for primetime yet .
Allergy is nothing but an over active immune response to a harmless trigger . When food is a trigger , this over active response can be life threatening . The underlying mechanism is development of IgE antibody to these triggers . The IgE is produced by one type of stimulated white cells , known as the B cells . The science is looking into developing ways to reduce or stop this IgE antibody production , that will translate into “ out growing ” the allergies .
The concept of allergy reversal is in practice for more than a century and is used by all the allergy specialists in the form of allergen immunotherapy given for indoor and outdoor allergies . When a tree or grass pollen allergic individual is receiving allergen immunotherapy , he is actually receiving the same tree or pollen as injections to reverse their specific high IgE related pollen allergy . We know that it works and is very effective for millions of allergic individuals .
The findings of recent studies are very encouraging to see the similar concept applied to the food triggers . It was tried for peanuts first and recently for eggs . Doctors have reversed allergies in some children and teens by giving them tiny daily doses of problem foods , gradually training their immune systems to accept them .
Do n't try this yourself , though . It has a potential for life threatening reaction . It takes special products , a year or more and close supervision and trained specialists to do this . The study had enrolled 55 children ages 5 to 18 . They were divided into groups . In one group , forty were given tiny daily amounts of powdered egg white , the part that usually causes the allergy . The others group of 15 were given cornstarch , as placebo for comparison . The amounts were increased every two weeks until kids in the treatment group were eating about one third of an egg each day . They were monitored very closely by a team of trained specialists . At about a year , none receiving the placebo treatment passed the egg challenge and those on the egg white powder did better . Half of them passed in a year and at the end of two years , 75 percent of them cleared of egg allergy .
These findings excite Dr. Shah as he looks forward to having an established protocol that can be implemented into his and other AmazingAllergist.com practices . He also expressed that if we can do this for peanuts and eggs , very soon we might be able to tackle other common food triggers like tree nuts , milk , soy and wheat .
About the Author :
Atul N. Shah , MD , FACAAI , FAAAAI , is a board certified allergist and the bestselling author of the children 's book , Allergies , and Awesome You . He is also a medical director of www.Center4AsthmaAllergy.com and the founder of the educational website www.AmazingAllergist.com . He has earned an honor of fellowships in both the American College of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology and the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . He has personally treated more than 20,000 patients , made a significant impact on more than 100,000 lives as an allergist and earned the nickname “ AmazingAllergist ” from his patients and peers . He has been recognized with various awards , including the America 's Top Physicians ' Award , the Patients ' Choice Award , and the Most Compassionate Physicians ' Award . He believes that every allergic child and individual has a potential to live a great life , allergy-free .
As a reader of this article , receive a FREE copy of Dr. Shah 's eBook– ALLERGY . You Asked , We Answered .
( FREE download at www.Center4AsthmaAllergy.com and www.AmazingAllergist.com )
Recent RotoWire Articles Featuring Simon Despres
It 's the first of April , and you 'd be a fool not to be interested in Saturday 's slate of NHL games . Plus , a Canadien who might be able to get you over the fantasy hump .
Past Fantasy Outlooks
Traded by the Penguins to the Ducks in March , Despres fit in well in Anaheim , notching six points in 16 regular-season games , before adding seven points in 16 playoff contests . The 24-year-old is part of a very mobile young defense corps that also includes Cam Fowler , Hampus Lindholm , Sami Vatanen , and the newly acquired Kevin Bieksa . Despres has only played 160 career NHL games , but is already on his way in developing into a solid-two-way defenseman . Despres dished out an outstanding 233 hits last season -- second among all NHL defenseman . The 6-foot-4 , 214-pound blueliner is capable of stepping up into the rush , and could hit the 30-point barrier in 2015-16 . Despres likely wo n't see much power-play time , but with the team adding to their strong offense in the offseason with the acquistions of Carl Hagelin and Chris Stewart , it should n't be hard for him to pile up some points at even strength alongside his talented mates .
In three seasons shuttling between Pittsburgh and Wilkes-Barre , Despres has compiled three goals and 16 points in 85 games . He appeared to frustrate the old regime more than anything else , being promoted and demoted on a weekly basis . The jury is out on the 6-foot-4 blueliner ; he has yet to receive regular shifts . In parts of 34 games with the Pens , Despres averaged only 16:44 TOI yet accumulated 72 hits and 46 blocked shots . He picked up only five assists and saw minimal power-play action ( 0:45 TOI per game ) . Given the fact that he scored six goals and 23 points in 36 AHL contests , there remains potential for offensive production at the NHL level .
Despres continues to slowly gain coach Dan Bylsma 's trust , seeing action in 33 games last year after playing 18 times in 2011-12 . Bylsma has yet to award the first-round draft pick with consistent shifts , however -- he averaged just over 15 minutes of action ( 15:06 TOI ) when he did play . That could change in the coming season . Despres moves the puck well with above average vision and has an offensive flair . He compiled just seven points ( 2G , 5A ) in 33 games with Pittsburgh , but the upside is there . He 's worth a look as an end-game pick .
Because of his 18-game trial with the Pens last year , Despres is the odd-on favorite among Pittsburgh defensive prospects to make his mark in the coming season . The 6-foot-2 defenseman averaged better than a point-per-game in his final three QMJHL campaigns . With Wilkes-Barre , he scored only five goals and 15 points in 45 games during his first professional season , although he did n't look out of place on the Penguins ' blue line , contributing with surprisingly solid defense and four points ( 1G , 3A ) . There 's talk that he could see time with Kris Letang . If that happens then there 's a chance that Despres could surprise to the upside right off the bat .
Despres tops the list of Pens ' prospects ready to make the jump to CONSOL Energy Center at some point in 2011-12 . The team boasts seven competent defenders ahead of him , but rarely does a defensive corps stay healthy throughout the course of a season . For his part , Despres helped the St. John Sea Dogs to a Memorial Cup victory in the QMJHL . The 20-year-old blueliner netted 13 goals and picked up 41 points in 47 contests . Despres has increased his goals totals in each of his four junior seasons , posting marks of 1 , 2 , 9 , and 13 , respectively . He has good size at 6-foot-4 , 225 pounds , but is n't known as a physical player . From a fantasy perspective , defensemen typically take a couple years to make their presence felt . Moreover , Despres has yet to even see any time in the AHL . Still , the blueliner from Laval deserves consideration in keeper leagues and an early arrival in Pittsburgh could offer surprising results .
Pittsburgh 's 2009 No . 1 pick , Despres made great strides in the QMJHL last season . Despres potted more goals ( 9 ) and more points ( 67 ) than he did in his previous two years , combined . The defenseman netted three goals and 43 points during his first two QMJHL campaigns . It 's possible that Despres starts his professional career with the Baby Pens in the fall or even spends nine games with Pittsburgh at the start of the NHL season . Even so , he 's probably a year or two away from making an impact at Consol Energy Center .
Despres will head back to his junior team in 2009-10 . For a No . 1 pick , it 's pretty amazing that the defenseman has just three goals in 130 QMJHL contests . It 's unlikely he makes the Pens for at least a couple of seasons . He has the potential to serve as an assist distributer , but there 's really no reason to pick him up , even in most keeper leagues .
Bobby Drake has been in the superhero game longer than most . But while reflecting on what he 's accomplished over the years , he realizes that the legacy he 's built is a few good one-liners and a string of failed relationships . Not only that , but now a younger version of himself has emerged from the timestream and he 's more put together than Bobby ever was : already a world-class hero in his own right , but also totally comfortable in his own skin , complete with a relationship with a handsome Inhuman to boot . In this new ongoing series penned by Sina Grace ( Burn the Orphanage , Self-Obsessed ) and drawn by Alessandro Vitti ( SECRET WARRIORS ) , Bobby realizes that the time is never or now , and sets out to build a life and legacy he can be proud of…and be the best ICEMAN he can be !
How does Holmes come upon his solution ? He not only opens his mind to the possibility of the nonlinear and improbable , the very hallmarks of creativity , but he makes certain that he has that mind stocked with the most esoteric of knowledge . It 's easy to remember Holmes 's famous rant to Dr. Watson on the necessity of keeping a pristine mind attic ( Holmes 's metaphor for the human mind ) . Far harder is recalling the major asterisk that is attached to that warning : A mind attic is only as useful as its contents and how you use them . If you store only the essentials , and follow only the most obvious path , you can be a t-crossing , i-dotting Scotland Yard detective bar none , but are n't likely to advance much beyond that . Your mind will never be able to make those elusive connections that could lead you to identifying a fish as a killer if you do n't have the requisite knowledge base to begin with—and if you are n't willing to risk the possibility of letting a killer go free while you take the time to figure things out .
We remember Holmes 's organized logic . We forget that in his mind space , there dwell not only jellyfish with stings that kill , but polyphonic motets and obscure paintings , tomes on bee keeping and discussions of philosophy . Holmes knows that the earth goes round the sun , and then some . And he is n't afraid to employ that knowledge in a non-traditional way . How can he discover the real killer unless he is willing to consider a possibility so seemingly outlandish that it makes him look like a doddering old man ? Over and over , his is not the approach of a ruthless logician , but rather one of someone who knows all too well the power of the creative mind .
Why , then , do we tend to forget this essential element of Holmes 's approach ? As it turns out , it 's not at all uncommon to sweep aside the uncertainty of imaginative meandering in favor of the certainty of hard science . Nobel-winning physicist Richard Feynman often expressed surprise at just how often people did that very thing : forget how central creativity is to the scientific method . `` It is surprising that people do not believe that there is imagination in science , '' he once told an audience , echoing the lament of fellow physicist Albert Einstein who , too , bemoaned our propensity to embrace logic at the expense of imagination and intuition—and did so as early as 1929 . Now , there is evidence that this tendency to dismiss the imagination of the scientific approach goes much deeper than mere observation . In their frustration , Feynman and Einstein captured what appears to be a basic tendency of the human mind .
In 2011 , a team of psychologists led by Jennifer Mueller decided to test a common paradox : Even though we say we value creativity , we often tend to reject creative ideas . The problem , they hypothesized , might lie in our inherent distrust of uncertainty . To test their assumption , they asked a group of participants to take part in a task known as the IAT , the implicit association test . Originally designed to test racial biases , the IAT has since been used to look at bias in any number of areas—age , sex , weight , and the like—by measuring the time it takes for someone to react to a given characteristic that 's been paired with a label of either `` good '' or `` bad '' by pressing a previously designated key . If we 're slower to respond when the trait of interest is paired with negative labels than when it 's paired with positive ones , that discrepancy is taken as evidence of bias . In this particular instance , the target concept was creativity .
Today in ingenious humans around the world , three engineering students at Chile 's University of Adolfo Ibáñez have designed a bicycle that can not be stolen . More than novel for mere wow 's sake – this is no two-way toothpaste tube or scooter stroller – Project Yerka solves a very common problem . This innovative cycle will be a game changer .
The genius behind Project Yerka 's design is simple . The frame disassembles to act as the bike 's own lock by dividing the middle pipe and attaching it to the removable seat . Like any lock , all that 's required is a post to fasten it to . Unlike any lock , this thing is foolproof . The only way to steal this bicycle is to break its frame , which defeats the purpose .
The resale value of a stolen bike is not great when compared to other popular theft targets like laptops , jewelry , and cars . Nevertheless , `` somewhere between 800,000 and two million bicycles – worth some $ 50 million – are stolen '' every year , according to cycling lawyer Bob Mionske . The reason is simple : it 's easy .
In 2012 , a New York Times journalist filmed himself stealing his own bike to gage the reaction of witnesses . Nobody cared . It takes one minute to actually steal a bicycle with a bolt cutter , but he used a power tool amid New York City 's Union Square for nine minutes before police got suspicious .
Fortunately ( for us ) , one Chilean engineering student was the victim of bike theft two too many times , so he and his friends decided to do something about it . This common crime could now become a thing of the past , thanks to Andrés Roi , Cristóbal Cabello , and Juan José Monsalve . Here is their story .
ESQUIRE.COM : Tell me about your team and why you all decided to create this bike .
Juan José Monsalve : The three of us are studying Engineering . Cristóbal and Andrés are studying Industrial Engineering , and I ( Juan José ) am I studying Civil Engineering . We did n't start this because we saw a potential market with this idea but mainly because Andrés has been a victim of bike theft two times . Since then , he always wanted to create something to stop this problem and help others in the process . We , as a team , came to this idea while working on a class project . We thought this had a lot of potential and decided to keep on with this idea .
ESQ : What do you each plan to do with your future ?
JJM : We do n't really a have life plan . We still are n't graduated , and we know this is a must-do at least in our country , but as to this project , we would love to make this our daily work . We really think this project can make a big impact in the whole bicycle market around the world , and we are motivated to help people who use the bike as their primary way of transportation . Those people are exposed to the theft , and we want to avoid that .
ESQ : Does the bike lock with a key ? A combination ?
JJM : As it 's shown on the video in our web page www.unstealablebike.com , the system uses only bike components to make the lock , and in this prototype it locks with a key , although we are working on other prototypes that lock with combinations . And why not ? Even with your cell phone .
ESQ : Tell me about the bike . What is it made of ? Does it come in different colors ? When will the bike be for sale ?
JJM : We only have one fully functional prototype at the time , but we want to make various bike models , with speeds , girl models , etc . Currently the frame is made out of steel and our intervention of aluminum . We are raising funds right now make more prototypes and to make a small volume of bikes , which are going to be the first ones to go out to the market . We still do n't have a date , but we think our first small volume will be ready in six to eight months , tops .
Nine Western European countries decided Saturday ( 29 August ) to increase ad-hoc checks of train passengers ' identities and luggage .
But the experience of travelling by train in Europe is to remain largely unchanged .
“ We ca n't do and do n't want complete , comprehensive checks on people or luggage in trains in Germany or Europe '' , Germany 's interior minister Thomas de Maiziere said , according to Associated Press .
De Maiziere and several transport and security ministers met in Paris eight days after the failed attack on a Thalys train from Amsterdam to Paris .
Representatives from Belgium , France , Germany , Luxembourg , Spain , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , and the UK , as well as the European Commission , attended the meeting .
They decided identity checks of passengers , as well as luggage checks on stations and trains will increase “ where it is necessary ” , according to a statement released by French interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve .
The statement did not specify what constitutes `` necessary '' .
“ Mixed patrols , made up of law enforcement personnel from several countries , already exist in many countries . We will further reinforce these teams and deploy them more extensively , ” the statement said .
The officials also decided to assess what the consequences would be of making it obligatory for international train tickets to be registered using the name of the passenger .
However , despite calls for increased security after a Moroccan gunman boarded an international train carrying an automatic rifle and a handgun , there is reluctance to make train security checks match those of air travel .
“ The security and safety of passengers is our first priority . But of course we must not overreact ” , EU transport commissioner Violeta Bulc said in a press release .
“ It is essential that , as far as possible , public transport remains open and easily accessible . Security must be proportionate to the threat '' .
EU transport ministers will discuss train safety again when they meet in October .
It took 70 years , but the European Union finally signed a pact today ( Nov. 13 ) agreeing to integrate military funding , weapons development , and deployment of European defenses .
US president 's Donald Trump 's frequent accusations that EU countries do not pay enough into NATO has been one catalyst for them move forward with a unified plan for military cooperation . The other is that it could legitimately diminish the bloc 's dependence on US military support .
EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini , called the pact “ historic ” as “ the real problem is not how much we spend , it is the fact we spend in a fragmented manner. ” She also said it would strengthen the work of the US-led NATO .
The UK had always resisted the idea of joint EU defense , fearing some kind of big “ European army , ” but the country 's planned exit from the bloc has removed that hurdle , allowing 23 other EU countries to move forward . Once Brexit happens , the UK could still possibly be involved , but for a price .
The group will have a €5 billion ( $ 5.8 billion ) European Defense Fund to buy weapons , a different fund for operations , and also get money from the EU budget for research . In the end , it means that the EU would have stronger , better synchronized national military forces to respond to crises together . German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel called it a “ milestone in European development . ”
Co-development of weapons could be good news for European defense companies . “ I think it is a potential game-changer , ” Haman Buskhe , the CEO of Swedish defense company Saab told the Wall Street Journal ( paywall ) . “ This could develop new products and help increase efficiency in Europe . ”
The next step will be for EU leaders to sign the legally binding agreement in December .
Dual Region Purchase System Concept
A lot of us Steam users have friends who live outside our region but would like to gift them sometimes but it becomes a problem as Steam 's regional pricing system provides a conflict against this.Then again , most people congregated in a region are n't able to afford video games due to the extortionate prices in the Global pricing system ( Taking the $ as base price ) .So there 's an obvious solution , that is to implement a system where you can select REGIONAL price ( That you can only purchase to your OWN account only ) and a GLOBAL price ( That you can gift others with ) .Since there 's no inventory storage system anymore , this can be of extra advantage as Steam would be automatically be able to detect the region of the person you 're trying to gift.TL ; DR : Steam is required to have regional pricing but as well as changed pricing when you 're trying to gift someone from another region converted from their currency to the sender 's currency.P.S.-Do encourage developers to have regional pricing as a few recent games cost just way too much from the retail editions , e.g. , Call of Duty : WWII is Rs 4400 ( 68 $ on Steam ) but Rs 3499 ( 54.5 $ retail/store ) .
According to the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) , suicide is the tenth leading cause of death for all Americans , with more than 36,000 people taking their lives each year . Many people believe that suicide rates are higher during the holidays , but the truth is suicide rates decrease during the winter and peak during the spring . However , many symptoms of depression and anxiety worsen during the winter months . With over 30 % -70 % of suicide victims suffering from depression , research has shown there is a clear link between the two .
Major depression is the psychiatric diagnosis most commonly associated with suicide .
About two-thirds people who die by suicide are clinically depressed at the time of their deaths .
Statistically , one out of every sixteen people diagnosed with depression will eventually die by suicide .
The risk of suicide in people with major depression is about 20 times that of the general population .
People who have had multiple episodes of depression are at higher risk for suicide than those who have had one episode .
People who have an addiction in addition to being depressed are at higher risk for suicide .
There is a lot to learn about this significant health problem and how to prevent it . A suicide attempt is a clear indication that something is wrong in someone 's life , and eight out of ten people who are considering suicide give a sign of their intentions . Knowing the warning signs is key to understanding suicide . Any of these symptoms by themselves may not mean the person is considering suicide , but a combination of several can be a cry for help .
Verbal suicide threats such as , “ You 'd be better off without me. ” or “ Maybe I wo n't be around . ”
Expressions of hopelessness and helplessness
Previous suicide attempts
Daring or risk-taking behavior
Personality changes
Depression
Giving away prized possessions
Lack of interest in the future
We must also raise awareness about suicide prevention and educate ourselves on communicating with those who are suffering . As a trainer for the Tennessee Suicide Prevention Network , Phillip Barham works to implement public health-oriented suicide prevention programs in schools , universities , hospitals , churches , and communities . “ People have to understand that suicide is real and is the most preventable kind of death , ” says Phillip . “ As people learn more and become involved , suicide rates reduce dramatically. ” The statewide initiative , QPR , covers a spectrum of awareness raising and primary prevention , to intervention and suicide risk assessment , as well as training in the aftermath of suicide and other trauma .
QPR empowers people to make a positive difference in the life of someone who may be suffering by using three steps :
Question : Ask , “ Do you really want to kill yourself , or do you just want the pain go away . ”
Ask , “ Do you really want to kill yourself , or do you just want the pain go away. ” Persuade : Listen to the person without judgment and let them speak freely . Offer a path of hope .
Listen to the person without judgment and let them speak freely . Offer a path of hope . Refer : If possible , take them to someone they can talk with and someone they trust such as a therapist , doctor or a pastor .
“ Teaching people to recognize the warning signs and to have that conversation with someone can steer them in the direction to get the help they need . We live in a society where people do n't want to talk about things until they have to talk about them , and we teach people how to talk about those things , ” says Phillip .
There is no single therapeutic approach to treat suicide or suicidal tendencies , however ; there are ways to address the underlying illnesses , such as depression , associated with suicide . Research tells us that experiencing one episode of depression places an individual at a 50 % risk for experiencing another episode , and further increases the chances of having more depressive events in the future . If depression is left untreated , it can become a chronic illness .
At Pasadena Villa , we use a combination of medication and psychotherapy to treat depression . In conjunction with social integration , we use Cognitive Therapy to diffuse the negative thoughts from depression . Cognitive therapy helps to modify mood patterns by stopping negative , hypercritical , and other types of thinking that can lead to depression . Pasadena Villa 's Social Integration Model TM works in conjunction with psychotherapy to encourage positive social functioning . Residents participate in social , cultural , and recreational activities within the community . These life strategies provide an opportunity for our clinicians to observe and coach resident 's in real time while preparing them for life outside of treatment .
It is essential to understand that suicide is real and the illnesses associated with the risk of suicide are treatable . With awareness and education , we can understand why people reach a point to attempt suicide . As people become involved to help , we reduce the rate of suicide dramatically .
Pasadena Villa is here to help if you or a loved one has questions regarding depression , suicide , or other mental health conditions . Call us at 877-845-5235 or complete our contact form to help with the next steps . Pasadena Villa currently offers treatment at two residential locations in both Orlando , Florida and Knoxville , Tennessee , and outpatient services in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Who killed Twin Peaks ?
The cast and crew of Twin Peaks remember the making and breaking of a cultural phenomenon .
For legions of David Lynch fans worldwide , the events unravelling in the logging town of Twin Peaks are only ever partly as interesting as those reputed to have taken place behind the camera , most of which centre on the unconventional methods of the show 's renegade director .
One example concerns Lynch 's decision to cast wild-haired set dresser Frank Silva as Bob , the malevolent spirit responsible for Laura Palmer 's murder . During filming of the pilot 's closing scene , Frank was accidentally caught in the mirror behind Laura 's mother ( Grace Zabriskie ) as the camera framed her screaming face . Lynch stopped the DP from setting up a second take , telling him the first one would be fine .
Watch that scene now and you can freeze-frame the moment that the character of Bob first took form in Lynch 's mind – a blurred shape , grey and feral , hovering between two worlds in the grieving Palmer home . It 's a neat insight into the processes that informed Lynch 's vision , and that helped define Twin Peaks as one of the most influential television events of all time .
But the show 's beginnings were less than auspicious . Lynch and co-writer Mark Frost had met in 1986 , and already had a pair of unproduced screenplays behind them when they were told there was interest from ABC in a television show . Their pitch to the network was vague : Frost recalls Lynch spending the majority of their meeting describing – with suitably jazzy hand gestures – the way the wind whispered in the pine forests surrounding the town . When ABC commissioned a pilot , the pair saw it as an opportunity to confound expectations and inject a dose of madness into the mainstream .
“ We did n't approach it as a television show , ” says Frost . “ Remember that we were coming out of a decade in which the tone of major television was set by shows like Dallas , shows that David and I would n't be caught dead watching . It felt like we 'd been led into the big machine inside a Trojan horse , and that seemed all the more reason to make Twin Peaks as strange and subversive as we possibly could . ”
Writing took place at Frost 's home in LA , Mark typing while David lay on the psychiatrist-style couch and batted ideas off the walls ( he professed to be unable to type ) . Casting adhered to a typically Lynchian anti-process : Dana Ashbrook was required to stand on the roof and bark like a dog , a role he later reprised as a jail-bound Bobby Briggs ; Richard Beymer and Russ Tamblyn were cast as Ben Horne and Lawrence Jacoby simply because it tickled David to see the former arch-enemies of West Side Story reunited on screen ; and roles were regularly adapted to fit actors that Lynch particularly liked ( meeting Joan Chen led to him rewriting the Italian maid Giovanna , originally pencilled for his then-partner Isabella Rossellini , as the Chinese Josie Packard ) .
Cast and crew assembled in late '89 in the location town of North Bend , Washington , and filming of the pilot took place over a winter of record-breaking bleakness ; of blizzards and freezing fogs that regularly postponed shoots and added to the sense of otherworldliness permeating the set .
“ David 's way of working was unlike anything I 'd encountered at the time , ” says Kimmy Robertson , who played squeaky sheriff 's secretary Lucy Moran . “ He was meditating every afternoon , and he 'd conduct exercises to get cast members on the same wavelength . I remember a lot of us started having strange dreams . It was definitely a different consciousness to your average television set . ”
But if there was a sense of being part of something special , there was also a nagging concern that the end result would be too leftfield for the conservative commissioners at ABC .
“ We were amazed they were giving David Lynch two hours on television , ” says Kyle MacLachlan , who played FBI Agent Dale Cooper . “ We saw it as the inmates overrunning the town , and we knew it would be fantastic , but we did n't think it would get picked up because it seemed so incomprehensible . ”
Kyle 's concerns were unfounded ; after mixed reactions to test screenings of the pilot , ABC commissioned seven episodes – a partial vote of confidence that proved they were as edgy as excited to be working with Lynch – and reluctantly agreed to the director 's condition of complete creative freedom from the network .
Shooting relocated to a former warehouse in the San Fernando Valley that Lynch had decked with timber and stone , allowing cast and crew to pass from the Double R Diner to the grand foyer of the Great Northern Hotel in a few easy steps . Guest directors were cherry picked to oversee individual episodes , but Lynch and Frost continued to write the show , which descended into a maelstrom of drug taking , underage sex and supernatural evil so dark that many feared it would be axed before it was aired .
Those fears dissipated on 8 April , 1990 , when the word-of-mouth buzz surrounding Twin Peaks saw the pilot score the sort of viewing figures usually reserved for the Super Bowl . The show 's popularity snowballed as the season progressed : its layered mysteries combined with a Thursday night slot to make it perfect water-cooler conversation for office workers the following morning , a fact played up by a slew of publicity posters claiming , ‘ If you miss it tonight , you wo n't know what everyone 's talking about tomorrow . '
Not that watching it was any guarantee of understanding it . Not even cast members were wise to the show 's deepest secrets : actors were given scripts for their scenes only , and would gather in an LA bar each Thursday to watch the show en masse and marvel at its twists and turns with hordes of admiring locals . Theories abounded , rumour mills went into overdrive , and a telephone help line ( voiced by Kimmy Robertson in character ) was set up to satisfy those who could n't wait a week for further clues .
“ We were amazed they were giving David Lynch two hours on television . We saw it as the inmates overrunning the town . ”
“ I remember about halfway through the airing of the first season someone came in and dumped on my desk maybe 500 pages of internet chatter about the show – and this was at a point where the internet was only just emerging as something people used for basic communication , ” says Frost . “ But here were these entire forums dedicated to exploring just one aspect of plotting , something that had taken maybe 15 minutes to think up . That was the point when I realised this had become more than just a television show , that we 'd tapped into a collective unconscious . ”
Before long , ‘ Peaksmania ' had turned into a bona fide cultural phenomenon . Shops could n't stock enough cherry pie ; women were spotting carrying logs in tribute to the cryptic Log Lady ; and sorority houses held mock Laura Palmer funerals in which swathes of girls would wrap themselves in plastic and lay down for hours on end .
Elsewhere , the female leads of Twin Peaks lined up for the cover of Rolling Stone , while Lynch found himself celebrated as a genius on the front of Time magazine . MacLachlan , for his part , was dragged on to Saturday Night Live , guest hosting an episode that sent up wackier aspects of the show . The audience 's laughter concealed their hope , however misguided , that Kyle would somehow slip up and answer the question on everybody 's lips : who killed Laura Palmer ?
That question on which the show 's early success had been founded eventually led to its downfall . ABC wanted the mystery of Laura 's murder resolved quickly – some suggest they were sceptical of sustaining public interest in the subject , others that they feared drawing it out would lead to rioting or copycat killing . Either way , they commissioned a second season of 22 episodes on one condition : that Lynch reveal the killer 's identity at the first available opportunity .
The murder was something neither Lynch nor Frost wanted resolved . Solving the mystery was , in Lynch 's words , “ killing the goose that laid the golden eggs. ” The pair had gone to extreme lengths to keep the culprit 's identity a secret , from numbering scripts to writing and occasionally shooting fake scenes . When they finally capitulated , they filmed the unmasking of three separate killers before tacking one on to the end of the episode and sending it to edit . Only then did they sit down with actor Ray Wise and tell him that his character , Leland Palmer , had murdered his daughter – a revelation that Wise was reluctant to accept , not least because it was followed by his character 's death and exit from the show .
In some ways , Ray was the lucky one . Lynch and Frost lost interest in the wake of the revelation – Lynch taking a break from directing with Frost turning his attentions to Storyville – leaving the final 12 episodes in the hands of guest writers and directors who struggled to regain the momentum lost by Leland 's confession . The show became characterised by oddball cameos ( David Duchovney as a cross-dressing FBI agent ) and storylines ( Ben Horne 's campaign to save the local pine weasel ) , making a self-parody of its once subtle sense of the macabre and edging it closer in tone to the mainstream soap operas it had previously outmoded .
As audience figures plummeted , ABC shifted the show to a graveyard Saturday night slot in a barely concealed effort to hasten its end , and a sense of alienation took root among a cast that had so recently been more like a family .
“ I remember sitting in my dressing room , ” says Kimmy Robertson , “ listening through the wall to Catherine Coulson ( the Log Lady ) calling David and begging him to come back . I remember a sense of panic and a definite feeling of abandonment . It was as though God had put us in Eden and then left us to fend for ourselves . ”
Lynch returned to oversee the end of the second season , rewriting and directing a final episode culminating in a series of cliffhangers that he hoped would compel ABC to commission a third season . But it was too little too late . The network seemed happy to be rid of a show that it had never known quite what to do with , and for many cast members it was a curtain that came down with an audible sigh of relief .
Like any major event , the effect Twin Peaks had on those involved in its creation was far from uniform . Some , like Kimmy Robertson , swore allegiance to its memory , attending annual festivals and making themselves available to fans ; others , like Michael Ontkean ( Sheriff Truman ) , refused to speak about the experience , grimacing when it came up in interviews and seeming to blame the show for the subsequent downturn in their careers . Even MacLachlan tried to distance himself from his character , requesting only a bit part in Lynch 's 1992 prequel Twin Peaks : Fire Walk with Me , a movie received with hostility even by some hardcore fans for its heavy-handed dramatisation of the last days of Laura Palmer 's life .
And yet the legacy of Twin Peaks seems barely to have diminished in the decades since the town beauty was first found on the riverbank wrapped in plastic . It regularly tops lists of the best shows of all time , and its influence can still be felt in more sustained television success stories like Lost and The Sopranos , many of which might not exist were it not for Lynch 's vision of a world in which arthouse movie making and mainstream television worked hand in hand .
“ Twin Peaks was too far ahead of its time , ” says Charlotte Stewart , who played Betty Briggs . “ It was a completely immersive experience filled with incredible characters and creepy secrets , and it had this dreamy quality thanks to its bizarre dialogue and haunting soundtrack . But it was a show that demanded viewers approach it with an open mind , and it expected them to pay attention . Nowadays those things are taken for granted with ground-breaking television , but back then I do n't think people were ready for it . ”
This article was originally published in Little White Lies 31 : The Carlos Issue .
Published 22 Feb 2017
~ Written during a visit in North Dakota ~
My name is Rick Neumann . My daughter , Sr. Christina Marie Neumann , asked me to write my experience with short sheeting a bed .
Several years ago when Sr. Christina was first professed as a sister she and a novice decided to play a prank on my wife and me . They had been at the Hankinson convent but later that day they were going to the Rugby convent . They knew we would be coming to Hankinson to spend the night and to later go to Rugby to visit them .
So the joke was on . We were going to be given the best guest room in the house . We refer to it as the “ Hankinson Hilton. ” It 's actually a suite of rooms . Anyhow , they short-sheeted our bed . If your bed has ever been short-sheeted , you know it can be an unpleasant experience . After traveling four hours to get to Hankinson and several hours of visiting and playing cards with the sisters , we were tired and went to go to bed . We pulled back the blankets and put our tired bones into the bed . But we did n't get very far . Our feet could only extend 18 inches ! “ Oh no , this is n't good . I just want to get to sleep ! ” It took several seconds for me to figure out what had happened . Our bed was booby trapped . So we got up and fixed the bed and had a pleasant night 's sleep .
The next morning after breakfast , we were on our way to Rugby to see the two perps of the crime . Along the way , we tried to come up with a way to get even . It came to us…We would weave a story that would cause them a great deal of worry .
When we got to Rugby , they asked about our visit to Hankinson . We talked as if nothing had happened to us but expressed to them that there was an investigation going on at the motherhouse . They asked about it , and we explained that the Fargo Bishop had come for a surprise visit , and since he was far more honored than us , he was given the “ Hankinson Hilton ” for the night . When he went to bed he had a bad experience and was pretty steamed .
The look on the two young sisters ' faces was priceless . It only lasted a few seconds until they realized we were teasing but it was worth it .
Publisher 's Note : Anyone wanting instructions for the proper methodology of short-sheeting may email me at : sr.christinaosf @ gmail.com .
Advertisements
Your home is your castle , but it should also be a fortress , especially when times get tough . If society collapses and you are bugging in , either because you chose to or because for whatever reason you could n't make it out of the city to your bug-out location , you need to ensure that your home and your family stay safe .
Naturally , if there is a collapse of society , whether it is financial collapse , natural disaster , pandemic , EMP , or something else , things are going to get bad . However , the good news is there are things you can do to prepare your home so it is more defensible should looters or desperate people come knocking .
Appearances
The very first thing you absolutely must know about defending your home , the number one rule of prepping itself , is to never ever tell anyone you are prepared . No one should ever know you have food , water , and supplies stocked up . I know it 's hard not to brag , but once people know this , yours will be the first door they knock on . You will have extended family members , neighbors , parents of your kids ' friends , and numerous other people knocking on your door and asking for handouts . Simply put , if they do n't know you have it , they wo n't ask for it and they wo n't go looking for it . If you want to help someone you can choose who you want to help .
Appearances are everything .
You will want to be sure to look as desperate as everyone else . Blend in . Go outside each day like everyone else and talk about how bad things are .
Ask people if they know where to get food or what the government is doing to help . You do n't really care about these things , but if everyone around thinks you care , then you will seem as concerned and desperate as they are and they wo n't be wondering why you are n't looking for help when everyone else is .
Aside from this , you will still need to prepare your home to withstand assaults . Remember , the important thing is to keep people from gaining entry to your home , because once they are inside , you have most likely already lost . Fortunately , there are many things you can do inside and outside of your home to ensure your home is as defensible as possible .
Exterior Home Defense
Let 's start with making the outside of your home more defensible , because if you do your job right here , there is less of a chance your inside defenses will even be tested . When it comes to the outside of your property you want to accomplish a number of things :
Ensure your property is highly visible
Deter people from entering your property
Direct people who are on your property
Create areas cover for yourself
Visibility
There are a couple of critical ways to improve the visibility on your property . The first of these is to install solar-powered motion-sensor lighting around your property . This will ensure that if anything is out there , they will trip the sensor and it will be very difficult for them to sneak up on you .
The second thing you should do is remove as much ground cover as possible within a radius of 100 meters ( 110 yd ) around your house . In other words , remove bushes and any other ground cover in which someone could easily hide .
Deterrents
The best way to protect your home is by keeping people from entering your property in the first place . One of the best ways to accomplish this is to erect barriers to keep people out . These barriers can include fencing , a rock wall , ponds , dense brush , and ponds all around the perimeter of your property . If people ca n't see your house well or it 's difficult to get into your yard , they are less likely to bother .
There are other deterrents you can use . First and foremost is a guard dog , but be sure to put up a sign so you can cover your bases in the legal sense ( for pre-SHTF situations ) . Aside from a guard dog , there are other deterrents that are purely symbolic , but carry a lot of weight . For example , you can spray paint your house with gang symbols that will warn people to stay away .
Or as one of our readers ( Rustynail ) wisely commented on a different article : “ Post the property with signs saying trespassers will be shot on sight ” . This way you 'll also be sure that whoever enters your property is a villain so you ai n't going to shoot innocent people .
If a pandemic has occurred , then you can mark your house with a spray painted red X and/or place a couple of biohazard bags outside your house full of old clothes and junk . No one will know your display is fake and they would have to be pretty desperate to risk checking out your house . The point is to be creative when considering potential deterrents and take advantage of the situation .
Direct People
If someone does get onto your property , you want to direct them to the areas of your property you want them to go to . You can do this by constructing pathways lined with gardens that contain thorny plants and bushes . Keep them away from your windows by planting thorny bushes , such as raspberries or roses . The only direct and easy path should be from the sidewalk to your front door , somewhere you can easily identify and deal with the person .
Areas of Cover
Another good idea is to ensure you have some areas outside of your house that give you cover . These can be areas of cover that allow you to move about your property unseen , such as from your house to your garage , or allow you to take cover to watch suspicious activity . You can use strategically placed bushes , boards , or fencing that will conceal you if needed .
Interior Home Defense
There are a number of things you can do inside your home to ensure it is more secure and defensible , which primarily means securing doors and windows .
Windows
When it comes to windows , these are the easiest entry points in most houses . For this reason , you need to be sure they are well fortified . The following can be done to ensure your windows are secure :
Ensure windows have a solid lock
Install steel bars to the inside of windows
Replace the glass with Plexiglas , which is not breakable
Have a piece of plywood for each window that will fit securely in place or have sand bags or cinder blocks to cover them ( particularly if you do n't have Plexiglas or bars )
Naturally , you do n't want to eliminate your ability to see outside or interfere with your line of sight for strategic areas outside of your property , so be sure to make the appropriate adjustments on any plywood you put into place so you have a good view of your entire property .
Doors
Doors are also an easy point of entry into your home . After all , they were designed to let people in . However , you want your doors to keep people out if necessary , which means doing the following :
Install high-quality deadbolts on all doors that access the outside
Make sure your doors are solid steel or solid wood with no windows
All door frames should be steel or doors should be attached to the door frames with steel supports
All hardware used to secure the doors should be at least 3 inches in length
All doors should have a steel bar that can be locked into place on the inside
Defense Items
Aside from preparing your property to keep people out and make it more easily defensible , you should have some self-defense tools and weapons on hand . Any kind of construction supplies are good to have in abundance . This includes tools , such as hammers , nails , and crowbars , and materials , such as plywood and lumber . You should also have shovels , sand bags , and spray paint .
When it comes to self-defense weapons , there are many you can keep on the premises . Of course , having at least one firearm for each person is a good idea and enough ammunition stored away to use for a long period of time . The important thing is to ensure you are licensed to own a firearm and that you and anyone else uses one have the proper training to use it effectively .
Having proper training is a concept that is critical for any of the self-defense weapons you might choose to use . Choices include :
Crossbow/bow and arrows
Pepper spray/mace
Taser
Stun gun/baton
Staff
Kubotan
Hiding Places
Finally , should anyone gain entry into your home and you are unable to stop them , it is wise to have at least one location in your home where you can hide food , water , and supplies so they wo n't be found . It is also wise to have a hiding place for the people in your family so they have a better chance of staying safe if intruders penetrate your defenses . If you , your family , and your food and supplies can remain hidden , then you have a chance of coming out of an intruder situation relatively intact .
You may also like :
What a Prepper Should Do Around The House
If You are too Weak to Prep than You Need to Watch This ( Video )
Building an Attic Sniper 's Nest
How to Safely Clear Your Home When You Think There 's an Intruder
DIY TripWire Alarm Very Simple and Outrageously Loud
Please Spread The Word - Share This Post
Inflation has been picking up since the recession ended in 2009 . The problem with the CPI increasing year over year with no rise in household incomes is that the standard of living for most Americans erodes every year that incomes do not keep up . Household incomes are back to levels last seen in the mid-1990s while the cost of necessities has gone up . This brings us to our article today that examines the nuts and bolts of what constitutes the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) . The CPI attempts to measure the changes in price for consumer goods and services . Overall it did a very poor job of measuring the housing bubble because of the owner 's equivalent of rent metric . Today , it is understating inflation because of the excess spending on “ wants ” that occurred in the 2000s has now shifted to spending on “ needs ” but is being dragged down by the amount of family spending on needed goods . We will dig deep into this data but suffice it to say that the Fed is creating inflation in items most Americans actually need to live their daily lives and the burden on the poor is actually increasing .
Do not believe the talk that inflation is nonexistent
Even a one percent rate of inflation is troubling if incomes are stagnant or falling . Since the recession has ended inflation has occurred even as measured by the CPI :
Over this same timeframe , household incomes have remained stagnant and household net worth has fallen close to 40 percent . Yet there is something more troubling in the actual data . The inflation rate is actually being understated because Americans have shifted consumption from non-essential goods to actually seeing inflation in things that they actually need . In the 2000s spending on wasteful items was rampant and much of it came because of the easy access to debt . Yet with 100 million credit cards being yanked out of the system , this spending has fallen dramatically . So where exactly is the inflation occurring ?
Change in Family Spending : 2007 – 2011
Source : The Atlantic
This is a very important chart to examine . What we find is that family spending has gone up on items that are daily needs . The biggest change has occurred on medical insurance and rents . The cost of rents going up has come thanks to the financial system allowing a million of properties to be held off the market thus allowing prices to be pushed up as the population grows . The price of rents going up is n't a sign that incomes are going up but a troubling fact that Americans have to allocate more of their funding to housing . Of course , this is hitting working , middle class , and younger Americans hardest who actually do not own a home .
Next you have the bubble in higher education raging . Students are taking on incredible levels of debt to support their educational pursuits . No other generation has had to face so much debt with such a minefield of scam artist institutions that basically have millionaire presidents and are one step above a paper mill . Yet thanks to easy government loans and banking lobbyist in cahoots with these institutions , the ultimate bill is passed on to taxpayers and those taking on the loans . It is sophisticated way to launder money under the guise of helping Americans . The quality checks are removed like selling a car for cheaper because it has no seat belts or brakes . It also waters down degrees from quality institutions as more subpar degrees flood the market .
Finally you have an increase in the price of telephone service and foods . The only item that has increased that might be considered a luxury is in the telephone category . Yet food is an absolute necessity . If we break down the CPI weighting we find the following :
Food and housing are the biggest line items . However because mortgage spending has fallen thanks to the Federal Reserve and Americans spending less on home furnishing and vehicle purchases the CPI is not reflecting the big changes occurring . A 15+ percent increase in rent from 2007 to 2011 with no increase in income is sizeable . Yet the items where family spending has fallen is largely elective . So when we look at family spending and then look at the CPI , you can understand why the increase in inflation seems modest yet most Americans are feeling the pinch to their wallets much tighter .
This is why the Federal Reserve through QE 3 and massive amounts of mortgage backed security purchases is essentially robbing from Peter to pay Paul . The end result is that you have shifted more of a burden to renters to essentially take off a bit of steam from homeowners . Now you have major private equity investors buying properties and hiking rental prices since they are able to borrow money cheaply . In all reality you have shifted a larger burden on those least likely to have the means to afford it . This is why we have seen the middle class shrink in the last few decades and the ranks of the poor grow even larger . With over 46 million Americans on food stamps we really are becoming a split nation . And again , refer to the chart above on family spending . With the rise in the cost of food you are squeezing the lowest rung even further . Yet this is the setup of the current system . The Fed is picking winners at the expense of others . This is what occurs when you have manipulated money creation and coddling the banking sector versus actual real growth in the economy . When you see those headlines about inflation figures keep all this data in mind .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
Range anxiety—the fear that an electric vehicle has an insufficient charge to reach its destination—is one of the most common , but fair , concerns about EVs . Just think , what if you and your car get stuck in the middle of a desert and have nowhere close by to juice up ? Ultimately , if we want to spread the adoption of zero-emission vehicles , then we 're going to have to make them easier to charge .
That 's why Tesla 's latest additions to its Supercharger network is kind of a big deal . On Wednesday , the electric automaker revealed it has opened its largest Supercharger stations in the U.S. to date , according to a news release provided to EcoWatch . The 40-stall stations in Kettleman City , Calif. and Baker , Calif. each feature covered solar parking and the Tesla Powerpack System .
The new stations sit on two of Tesla 's most popular travel routes , between the Bay Area and Los Angeles and Los Angeles to Las Vegas , respectively . This means traveling around with an electric car ( or at least around California in a Tesla ) just got a little easier .
`` Our commitment to fast , reliable , ubiquitous charging along travel routes and urban areas alike remains our priority , '' the press release stated . `` As we significantly increase the size of Tesla 's charging networks , more sites will include solar and Powerpack storage to ensure sustainable energy generation , storage , and charging . ''
At the Kettleman City location , Tesla even built its first-ever Supercharger customer lounge that includes access to food and craft beverages , restrooms , comfortable seating , WiFi and Tesla apparel . It also has a kid 's play wall , pet relief area and outdoor space for families .
Tesla drivers typically spend about 30 minutes to Supercharge their cars , which is n't necessarily long but it 's definitely more time-consuming than , say , filling up your car at a gas station .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk spoke about how his company would be introducing amenities-stocked Supercharger stations in August .
`` We 'll get a sense for just sort of how cool it can be to have a great place to—if you 've been driving for three , four hours—stop , have great restrooms , great food , amenities , hang out and for half an hour and then be on your way , '' he said then .
One Tesla driver has already posted positive reviews about a visit to the Kettleman City station .
The new Supercharger stations are located on 27675 Bernard Dr. Kettleman City , CA 93239 and 71808 Baker Blvd Baker , CA 92309 . The lounge is available 24/7 to Tesla drivers who access the building via a code available on their car 's touchscreen .
Musk 's Master Plan to help save the environment involves ditching fossil fuels and changing the way that energy is generated , stored and consumed .
Tesla introduced the Model 3 to help bring mass market interest to the nascent EV industry . Although reports have suggested that the company is mired in `` production hell , '' Tesla is also set to reveal its long-anticipated electric semi truck to appeal to a completely different set of drivers .
Many other major car brands have hopped onto the electric bandwagon to compete in Tesla 's space .
Volvo Cars announced in July that every car it launches from 2019 will have an electric motor , marking a `` historic end '' to the internal combustion engine .
Then in September , Volkswagen Group , the world 's biggest automaker , announced plans to offer an electric version across the company 's 300 models by 2030 , and to roll out 80 new electric cars under its multiple brands by 2025 . The German company , which is trying to rebound after its emissions-cheating scandal , is investing more than 20 billion euros ( $ 24 billion ) in zero-emission vehicles to challenge Tesla .
Electric vehicle sales are poised to surge worldwide as an increasing number of countries such as China , Scotland , France and India announced intentions to ban diesel and gasoline cars in order to cut emissions .
Environmentalists say February 's spill inspires doubts about EPA 's strategy . EPA coal ash rule still not done
A month before President Barack Obama moved into the White House , a dike failure sent 5.4 million cubic yards of black , sludgy ash spilling out of a pond near a coal plant in Roane County , Tenn. , wiping out 300 acres and damaging homes .
Last month , 27 million gallons of wastewater and 39,000 tons of coal ash washed out of a pond near a closed Duke Energy power plant , fouling North Carolina 's Dan River .
Story Continued Below
Between the two disasters , the Environmental Protection Agency attempted to regulate the often-toxic ash produced by coal-burning power plants , but the effort has become mired in bureaucratic delay . Environmentalists have repeatedly gone to court to prod the agency to move faster , while utilities have argued that the rules ' costs could be crippling ; early drafts of rules have encountered some opposition from the White House ; and lawmakers have tried to strip the agency 's power to handle the issue at all .
In the past five-plus years , EPA has produced more than 200 pages of proposed rules , received more than 600,000 written comments and outlined two possible approaches to clamp down on companies that produce and stockpile the stuff .
The end is finally in sight , with crucial deadlines approaching in the next nine months . But EPA still has n't made it clear exactly what its final rules will look like .
Environmental groups say coal ash ponds populate the outskirts of hundreds more power plants around the country , tempting another inevitable accident . The draft rules EPA has released so far would n't have affected dormant storage sites like the one in North Carolina .
“ After the [ Tennessee Valley Authority ] coal ash disaster of 2008 , hundreds of thousands of people across the country demanded action , yet more than five years later the [ EPA ] has still not issued modern , science-based safeguards for toxic coal ash , ” Mary Anne Hitt , director of the Sierra Club 's Beyond Coal campaign , said after February 's spill . “ The EPA has allowed polluters to continue business as usual . ”
Last week , the Sierra Club launched an ad campaign in Washington , D.C. , and North Carolina urging EPA to get moving . Some businesses are also unhappy about the wait , saying it 's hurting the market for recycling the ash in products like concrete — so instead , millions more tons have ended up in landfills .
The agency says it 's working diligently .
“ Since [ the ] proposal , we have been gathering additional information , including through public comment as well as other data sources , to inform our final disposal rule , ” EPA spokeswoman Alisha Johnson said in response to questions about the delay . She said the number of coal ash storage sites also keeps changing “ as individual facilities change their management practices . ”
The EPA effort has faced heavy obstacles : Costs to the utility industry could run in the billions of dollars . Political opposition is heavy . And it appears that someone at the White House is n't convinced , based on the major revisions it has made to past drafts .
But some key milestones are coming up .
By May 22 , the agency is scheduled to finish its water pollution discharge standards for coal-fired power plants , the first revision to the regulation since 1982 . That rule addresses the coal ash issue by limiting the pollution allowed in power plants ' waste streams . If it 's costly enough , utilities would choose to stop dealing with the waste in its more unwieldy watery state , instead managing it as a solid waste .
By Dec. 19 , the agency faces a court-imposed deadline to finish a separate rule regulating the massive ponds where liquid coal ash is stored .
Each of the two regulations is subject to environmental lawsuits aimed at forcing the agency 's hand , but the finish lines may still slip out of sight . EPA told a federal court Tuesday that it will miss the water rule 's May 22 deadline and is negotiating with the Sierra Club and Defenders of Wildlife for more time .
Environmentalists say February 's North Carolina spill inspires doubts about EPA 's strategy .
“ I think the North Carolina spill raises the question of whether the final rule addresses the risky and dangerous situation that we have with old surface impoundments that are not currently active , ” said Earthjustice attorney Lisa Evans , who is involved in litigation over the delay .
EPA has the authority to regulate coal ash ponds that are no longer taking on waste , as was the case with Duke 's North Carolina plant , Evans said . But its proposed rules would not .
Now Duke is facing a federal inquiry about the company 's relationship with state environmental regulators , the company says it will take two years to restore the river and taxpayers may be on the hook for the cleanup . The disaster ranks as the third-worst coal ash spill in U.S. history .
Meanwhile , EPA still is n't done with the federally led $ 1.2 billion cleanup of the nation 's worst-ever coal ash spill , which occurred at the TVA 's Kingston Fossil Fuel Plant on Dec. 22 , 2008 . That recovery will take until the end of this year at the earliest , EPA says .
The spill spurred near-immediate action from EPA in the form of the proposed waste rule .
“ The time has come for common-sense national protections to ensure the safe disposal of these materials , ” then-Administrator Lisa Jackson said on May 4 , 2010 , pointing to the devastation of the Kingston spill in a speech announcing the proposal .
This article tagged under : EPA
Environment
Politics
Lionel Messi did n't hang around . He was sent on as a substitute against Benfica and sent through , one on one with the goalkeeper . The next thing anyone knew , he was on the floor ; then he was on a stretcher , lying still in the silence , 50,000 people not making a sound . The clock had been ticking into the 85th minute and Messi was looking for his 85th goal of 2012 , another record : no one had ever scored more goals in a year . He clashed with the goalkeeper , his knee shifting with the impact , but he chased the loose ball and , falling now , took on a shot . Like the final , defiant gesture of a dying man . `` I thought it was the last time I would kick a ball in a very long time , '' he said .
That was on Wednesday night . On Thursday – just 23 minutes into Thursday , in fact – it was revealed that it was just bruising . On Friday he was in the gym , alone . On Saturday , he trained with his team-mates . On Sunday morning he was on a plane to Seville . `` If he 's coming , it 's because he can play , '' said the Barcelona coach , Tito Vilanova . And on Sunday night , the news was out : Messi starts . At nine o'clock , four days after everyone feared that his chances had gone , from everything to nothing in a second , the record cruelly taken away , he lined up with his team-mates . It had almost escaped him ; there was no way he was letting that happen again .
Sixteen minutes later , he equalled the record ; nine minutes after that he had broken it . In your own time , Leo .
The previous record , 85 , was held by Gerd 'Torpedo ' Müller , the man who was on the verge of signing for Barcelona in 1973 , only for the deal to fall through because the German government intervened . Barcelona signed Johan Cruyff instead . `` Muller , torpedoed , '' ran the headline in Marca . In 1972 , Müller scored 42 goals in 34 games in the league , seven in six in the Cup , 12 in five in the League Cup , 10 in four in the European Cup , one in 4 in the Cup Winners ' Cup and 13 in seven for Germany . Messi has now scored 86 in 2012 : 56 in 36 league games , three in seven in the Cup , two in the Super Copa , 13 in 12 in the Champions League and 12 in nine for Argentina . He already has 23 league goals this season , enough to have won the Pichichi award 26 times .
Of course there are some expressing doubts , from the difficulty of the feat to the importance of the goals , to the relevance of the record and even its veracity : football is normally measured by seasons , not years ; in 72 Müller won everything there was to win , including the European Championship with Germany , Messi has claimed only the Copa del Rey in 2012 ; Muller took fewer games , averaging 1.41 goals a game to Messi 's 1.3 ; and Madrid and Barcelona 's dominance is such that records are falling with startling regularity . The seven highest points totals ever all belong to the last four years ; in 2010-11 , Cristiano Ronaldo broke the all-time record for league goals in a season with 41 only to be broken again by Messi , who got 50 last season .
Meanwhile , one of Spain 's most important football statisticians insists that Messi has 85 because a free-kick that the referee judged to have gone straight in against Mallorca might , he says , have been touched by Alexis on the way through , even though Alexis said it was not . And Marca also claims he is on 85 , judging that his recent goal against Athletic Bilbao should in fact be credited as an own goal by Fernando Amorebieta ( the referee officially ruled it was Messi 's goal ) – no matter , they add , because it turns out that one of Müller 's goals was also an own goal , meaning that he has got the record this morning . On 85 , not 86 .
But officially , it is 86 . Or , to quote the cover of El Mundo Deportivo this morning : ¡86 ! In its simplicity , the headline says much . About Messi 's achievement and our impotence . What more can you say ? There are few words that can be employed to define Messi now . `` Cristiano Ronaldo is the best of the humans , '' Gerard Piqué said not long ago , `` but Messi is an extraterrestrial . '' On Sunday night , Piqué tweeted just two words in homage of his team-mates : `` Leo '' and `` Messi . '' There could be no greater praise . At 25 , Messi has already forced everyone to use up all the superlatives . There 's little left to do except make words up or just start swearing . Few reactions do Messi justice like a : 'fuck me ! ' `` Do n't try to write about him , do n't try to describe him , '' said Pep Guardiola . `` Watch him . ''
The trouble is , you have to write about him . Not least because the records keep falling . Jorge Valdano once claimed that they would have to dedicate a whole chapter of the Guinness Book of Records to Raúl . With Messi , they really might . It can seem swifter to list the records he has n't got than the ones he has . The records provide excuse and evidence but they also provide obligation . They are a reason , a duty , to focus on him once ; excellence alone is no longer enough . But you 'll never really do him justice . It 's been like that for some time now : even if it took some people a while to see it , he has been the best for years . Pretty much since he stopped getting injured , in fact – another reason why the sight of him going off on a stretcher on Wednesday had such an impact .
Barcelona 's all-time top scorer at just 24 , amongst his goals in 2012 are five against Bayer Leverkusen . A one-off , perhaps but they set him on course to finish as the European Cup 's top scorer . For the fourth year in a row . You want him to do it in a hard league ? How about the Champions League ?
And for all the caveats , for all the `` yeah , buts '' there 's no getting away from the bottom line : 86 goals . Eighty-flipping-six . If it 's eighty-five , it 's still eighty-flipping-five . An average of a goal every 4.24 days for a year . And , yes , that includes the months when he did n't play a match . He still has three games left to add to it : against Second Division Córdoba in the Copa del Rey , then Atlético Madrid and Valladolid in the league . `` I hope to add more to it so that it is harder for the next person to come along and break , '' Messi said on Sunday night . Thing is , the next person is likely to be him . Every year his stats increase . `` I do n't think we 'll see anyone like him again , '' said his coach , Vilanova . He could almost do a Sergey Bubka and push the bar up by a single centimetre , making the next record that little more reachable , competing against himself .
At times the consistency can serve to make it seem mundane , but it is exactly that consistency that makes it so extraordinary . The stats reinforce that fact , but the subjective is as important as the objective . You watch him score an amazing goal and it seems normal ; the next week , there is another one as good . On Sunday night , the first was classic Messi : dashing across the area from right to left , escaping three or four challenges , before hitting it into the far corner . Another brilliant goal rendered normal by repetition . As for the second : a superb strike , had it not been the record-breaker it would have barely registered . Müller was a predator – that year he did not win the Balón d'Or , Cruyff did – Messi is not . And nor is about just the goals , but the fact that he is so complete . Messi scored 86 goals in 2012 . He also provided 29 assists .
At the end of Sunday night 's game , which Barcelona were fortunate to win against an impressive Betis side , Messi swapped shirts with Antonio Amaya and was stopped by Canal Plus 's touchline reporter . He talked as the rest headed inside . `` What 's the next challenge ? `` , he was asked . `` Córdoba '' , Messi said . And with that he turned and headed to the dressing room , where his team-mates were waiting . As he walked through the door , they stood up and gave him a round of applause .
Results and talking points
• Easy , tiger . Leo Messi was not the only person scoring historic goals last night . In fact , it feels a bit unfair for all the focus to be on him . On here , at least . He graces the cover of AS under the headline `` Insatiable Falcao '' and he is also on the front of Marca , alongside Leo Messi . `` Fury , unleashed , '' it says . Against Deportivo de La Coruña last night , Falcao scored five in a 6-0 victory . Yes , five . F. I. V. E. He is the first person to score five in La Liga since Fernando Morientes in 2002 and that day Morientes missed a penalty . Which was probably because he could n't take it with his head .
• Falcao is also the first person to score five for Atlético since Vavá , more than fifty years ago . They were five superb goals too . Well , four of them were : the other was a penalty , which he won himself . Few strikers are so efficient . Falcao 's five goals came from just five shots . `` It was an unforgettable night , '' he said as he departed the stadium clutching the match ball , signed by his team-mates ( which begs the question : if he had got six would he have been given two of them ? ) It was Atlético 's eighth win in eight home games so far this season and the five goals took Falcao to 16. the Madrid derby was forgotten quick-smart . Next week : Camp Nou .
• Speaking of feeling a bit unfair ... it feels a bit unfair not to talk about Real Betis . While almost all the focus was on Messi 's two goals , Barcelona goalkeeper Víctor Valdés was wearing the smile of a man who could n't believe his luck . Betis were exceptional , pressing high up the pitch and really going at Barcelona last night . Their coach Pepe Mel correctly diagnosed what so few coaches appear to diagnose -- that , if you can do so , you 're better trying to sit and break against Madrid and push and play against Barcelona -- and his team achieved something even fewer teams achieve : being the better side against Barcelona .
• `` Put it this way , '' Mel said afterwards , `` they ended up having to time-waste . '' Betis hit the bar and the post , had more shots and finished game well on top with Barcelona were hanging on desperately . `` We were a bit lucky , '' Gerard Piqué admitted .
• Real Madrid suffered too . Valladolid twice took the lead via corners , Manucho getting them both to put them 1-0 and 2-1 up , and they tried to attack Madrid . In doing so , though , they left themselves horribly exposed , rarely finishing their moves , giving the ball away in compromised positions and ceding chances , especially on the break . Madrid 's first was a gift , a bad pass and a slip allowing Callejón to find Benzema and although they went down again , they threw everything they had at Valladolid … and Madrid have quite a lot .
• Mourinho took off both full-backs and sent on Modric and Di María , leaving Xabi Alonso at centre-back . Sergio Ramos had one wrongly disallowed -- `` it 's about time they started making mistakes in the right direction , '' Ramos said , rather sadly saying it all – but Mesut Ozil scored a wonderful , if questionable , free kick to complete a 3-2 comeback . He really should take more of them .
• So , about that Caparrós and Mallorca being a brilliant thing… Erm , they 're now 17 after getting hammered 4-0 by Levante this weekend . And Caparrós is under pressure .
• New manager , certain victory they say . They 're talking rubbish of course . But this week it was true . Valencia won their first game with Ernesto Valverde on the bench : 1-0 at Osasuna .
Results : Espanyol 2-2 Sevilla , Real Sociedad 1 - 1 Getafe , Málaga 4-0 Granada , Valladolid 2-3 Real Madrid , Osasuna 0-1 Valencia , Levante 4-0 Mallorca , Athletic 1-0 Celta , Atlético 6-0 Deportivo , Betis 1-2 Barcelona . Monday night : it 's Monday/Friday , so it must be Rayo … they face Zaragoza .
For those of you who follow the ancient Mayan Calendar , the world ends on December 21 , 2012 . For those of you into end-time predictions of any sort , a planet named Nibiru ( sometimes called Planet X ) , supposedly discovered by the ancient Sumerians , will pass close to the Earth and wreck havoc and devastation on us all . Theories ranging from a supermassive black hole at the center of our universe , a global geomagnetic reversal , or a formula named “ Timewave zero , ” each holds claim to be the singularity of infinite complexity that will change the world as we know it . And let 's not forget many of the world 's religions that predicted an apocalypse for several millennia . While it may be easy to dismiss these theories as nothing more than “ end-time hoopla , ” is it possible there is something deeper going on ? Perhaps if we take a minute to look as the reasoning behind them all , we may find a SMART perspective that offers both hope and opportunity .
Who is the type of person who believes that the world is going to end ? According to a poll taken in May of this year by Reuters , approximately 15 % of the worldwide population believes that the world will end in their lifetime . A large portion of them believes it will happen this year . The survey covered 16,262 people in more than 20 countries and showed a wide variety of perspectives with approximately one person in ten who admitted to “ experiencing fear or anxiety about the impending end of the world in 2012 . ”
What countries believed it the most ? France was the lowest at 6 % , while Turkey and the United States were highest at 22 % . Keren Gottfried , research manager that conducted the poll for Reuters said that people with lower education or household income levels , as well as those under 35 years old , were more likely to believe in an apocalypse during their lifetime , or to have anxiety over the prospect . Gottfried went on to say , ‘ ” Perhaps those who are older have lived long enough to not be as concerned with what happens to their future. ” Or maybe , those of us who are older than 35 have lived through a number of previous predictions that proved to be false . Anyone remembers Y2K ?
But why do so many people believe this in the first place ? An Associate Professor of religion named Lorenzo DiTommaso , from Concordia University in Montreal , Canada says one theory is that such precise predictions feed the human desire to know the unknown . He says , “ Sociological studies have shown that people who tend to enjoy an apocalyptic world view also seem to be the kinds of people who seek out explanations of the world . Envisioning a better time past the evils of the world provides a very powerful way of understanding the world and all its problems . ”
Richard Landes a medieval historian at Boston University has another theory . He relates it to a child working a drawing . As the work continues the child makes one little mistake after another . Eventually the mistakes accumulate until the picture does n't look anything like he or she planned . Then , in a fit of anger or frustration , the kid scribbles wildly and destroys the entire picture . Likewise , in times of trouble , challenge or worry , many people crave the chance to trash the old and start over with a new blank piece of paper .
According to Landes , most religious versions of the apocalypse are related to justice , vengeance and violence . However , the more new age , syi-fi or environmental approaches tend to provide the psychological need for certainty , renewal or feeling in control . And we do n't seem to be outgrowing that need any time soon . Landes says , “ “ There are so many dysfunctional families , modern conditions are more and more atomized . The modern world protects us from a lot of pain . The cocoon of civilization allows us to make fun of people who believe in this stuff . Carl Sagan wrote once that we all think we 're so rational , but that it 's a thin crust . I believe the ‘ apocalypse virus ' will constantly mutate to survive , remaining dormant just until the time is ripe . ”
And let 's not forget cognitive dissonance . If the facts , like a failed prediction of end times prove we were wrong , our minds are extremely creative in arriving at a plausible explanation . Our brains motivational drive to rationalize any discrepancy in our belief system is incredibly resilient . In many cases , rather than admit we were wrong or made an error , our belief actually grows stronger in a similar direction as a way to allow us to feel good about ourselves and absolve guilt .
Another explanation for our human fascination with doomsday is a combination of both the ego and a fear of death . Most people who believe in apocalyptic scenarios believe it will happen in their lifetime . In fact , a Pew Research Center Poll found that 41 % of Americans believe that Jesus will return by 2050 . Surely if Jesus returns or the world is destroyed , then the finality of individual death and dying seems less impactful .
J. Allan Danelek , author of 2012 : Extinction or Utopia confirms the above and offers two additional explanations . He says that many are attracted to the escapist fantasy or the promise they provide to people who are living lives of quiet desperation . He says , “ Boredom is a powerful incentive to believe the unbelievable , if only as a distraction from the ordinariness of day-to-day living. ” But the major reason that Danelek believes that people embrace the doomsday scenario is that it makes them feel important and that they are “ in ” on some great cosmic secret . Then , by being in the know about the secret , they are able to be a part of the select or special group that will transcend the catastrophe .
It is obvious that any belief in the end of the world provides plenty of benefits to the believer . But what if you prefer a more optimistic perspective ? What are some of the other predictions that are proposed to occur around the 12.21.12 date ? Author and speaker Alberto Villoldo says the real Mayan prophecies are not about the end of the world , they are instead , “ the beginning of the world . According to the Maya , humanity first appears in the planet on December 21 , 2012 . So we 're still proto-humans . We 're still half cooked . ”
Other authors and books like Eckhart Tolle 's A New Earth have been predicting a transformation for the last 20 or 30 years . Their interpretation is a focus on transformation and an interior shift in consciousness , with less ( if any ) emphasis on a physical change . Still , like many who want to believe in the end of the world , the common theme is the idea that this extraordinary change will occur in our lifetime and those who believe it most will help to bring it about .
Which is correct ? The end of the world or a new beginning ? This is similar to where in my last blog post I reviewed the movie , The Life Of Pi and asked , “ which is a better story ” ? Clearly we all have a need to make sense of the world we live in and find a way to explain the uncertainty and circumstance we see around us . But are we choosing a story that someone else told us , or one that brings us the greatest joy , peace and compassion ?
Another way to consider the question is to approach it by asking ourselves three questions : If we spend a lot of time considering the 12/21/12 possibilities—is that a distraction keeping us from living our best life right now ? What is the story we have been telling about that date and as Carolyn Myss asks , “ What is the benefit we get ? ” Do you feel better about yourself by thinking you have it all figured out ? Does feeling that you know something special about what 's going to happen make you feel more special ? Know your payoff and then decide if it is worth it . If not , change the story . Marianne Williamson says that we are motivated by either fear or love . If you tell your 12/21/12 story to someone else—is it a story of fear or love ? Again , if you prefer to have it another way—change the story !
As always , SMART Living 365 reminds us to stay conscious about our choices and decisions . It also acknowledges that we all crave meaning and purpose—but that we often go about it in strange and/or interesting ways . Ultimately , every single night when we go to sleep we are surrendering to an unknown tomorrow . Something tells me that when we go to sleep on the night of 12/21/12 . And just like when we awaken every single morning of our life , we have the choice when we open our eyes about whether it will be the end , or a new beginning .
Tonight , we make soap .
Matt over at Sciencegeist is organizing this blog carnival in an effort to reclaim the word chemical from the hands of ignorant people who blindly assume anything with ‘ chemicals ' in it must be evil . This is not a moment too soon . I 'm not exactly sure how the pendulum of public opinion swung from products being advertised as ‘ Better living through chemistry ' to products being advertised as ‘ chemical free ' ( whatever that means ) . Soaps and other skin care/beauty products are certainly in the cross-hairs of the ‘ chemical free ' crowd , but that 's not what I 'm talking about today .
As the tallow renders , you skim off the layer of glycerin . If you were to add nitric acid , you got nitroglycerin . If you were to add sodium nitrate and a dash of sawdust , you 'd have dynamite .
Ascanio Sobrero
Nope , instead I 'm going to talk about nitroglycerin . Nitroglycerin was first synthesized by Ascanio Sobrero in 1847 . He warned as many people as he could never to make it again , as it is extremely unstable and dangerous . See , detonation of nitroglycerin produces gases which would occupy more than 1,200 times the original volume at STP ( note , upon detonation , the gases released are extremely hot , thus occupying even more volume ) . The resulting pressure wave as the gases expand is strong enough to destroy buildings and kill people . Sobrero 's face was permanently scarred as result of a nitroglycerin explosion while he was studying it . Alfred Nobel was also working in this lab at the same time and decided to take this new explosive and commercialize it . He knew that in order to make a commercial product , it needed to be stabilized enough to be stored and shipped .
There have been a number of recorded accidents involving nitroglycerin . Sobrero was disfigured as a result of a nitroglycerin explosion . While Alfred and his brother Emil were working on a safe formulation of nitroglycerin , an explosion took the life of Emil and several others . This prompted Stockholm officials to forbid the production of nitroglycerin and Nobel 's lab had to move onto a barge on Lake Mälaren .
In 1866 , a shipment of unlabeled ( ! ) liquid nitroglycerin was delivered to San Francisco to be transported to construction companies for use in blasting away rock . One of the crates remained behind in San Francisco , whereupon it began leaking . The unlabeled crate was taken to the Wells Fargo office in downtown SF ( then at the corner of California and Montgomery Streets ) . A few workers pried open the crate to have a look . The resulting explosion leveled several buildings and killed 15 people . Almost simultaneously , some of the nitroglycerin being used in construction detonated early and killed 6 people . From then on , all liquid nitroglycerin was to be made on site if it was to be used in construction .
Also in 1866 , Nobel formed the United States Blasting Oil Company to prepare nitroglycerin in a factory on the Hackensack River in New Jersey . Three years later , the factory was destroyed by explosions , and production ceased .
Finally , in 1867 Nobel figured out how to stabilize nitroglycerin . Adding kieselgur ( diatomaceous earth ) turned the nitroglycerin into a paste which could be molded into cylinders and wrapped in greased paper . The resulting package was stable enough to store and ship . Nobel quickly applied for the patent to what we now know as dynamite .
Its most notorious use is in demolition , and it also has been used extensively in military propellants . Alfred Nobel was quite concerned about the wartime use of nitroglycerin . Yet he continued to develop the explosive somehow hoping to achieve peace , in a balance-of-terror , mutually-assured-destruction sort of way . He is quoted in 1891 as saying “ Perhaps my factories will put an end to war sooner than your congresses : on the day that two army corps can mutually annihilate each other in a second , all civilised nations will surely recoil with horror and disband their troops. ” Mmm… gon na say history has proven him wrong .
Yeah , with enough soap , one could blow up just about anything , if one were so inclined .
So how could this terribly destructive chemical ever be used for good ? Well , it starts by listening to your employees . Many workers in nitroglycerin production factories began noting unusual work-related physiological changes . Some ( including Alfred Nobel ) would complain of splitting headaches . This caused nitroglycerin to be considered , of all things , as a homeopathic remedy for curing headaches . Because of the homeopathy stigma , many established physicians turned their nose at the use of nitroglycerin as a medical treatment . Of course , many respected doctors of the time were still prescribing bloodletting as a rational medical treatment .
In 1879 , Dr. William Murrell authored a paper advocating the use of nitroglycerin to treat angina pectoris , or chest pain . He tested nitroglycerin on himself by touching a cork stopper to his tongue . He received a pounding headache , tachycardia , and increase in the force of his heartbeat . He convinced 35 other people to try this as well , and they all noted the same effects ( “ No ! It does n't hurt at all ! Look , 34 other people have done it ! Do you mind closing the blinds and turning down the lights ! ” ) . Leaning on the research of Dr. T. Lauder Brunton , he thought nitroglycerin might be an effective treatment for angina pectoris . His hypothesis was right , and we now know why .
Angina pectoris is caused by lack of sufficient oxygen to the heart muscles . They then have to function somewhat anaerobically , much like our other muscles do during intense exercise . Much like after exercise , when this happens to heart muscles , we experience it as chest pain . One of the many causes of headaches is dilated blood vessels . We now know nitroglycerin is a vasodilator . It dilates blood vessels , causing headaches at higher doses , and allowing more oxygen to flow to heart muscle in lower doses , relieving the patient of their chest pain .
In perhaps one of the more ironic stories of medical history , Alfred Nobel was prescribed nitroglycerin for chest pain late in life . Remembering the severe headaches , he declined treatment . Funny how things go full circle sometimes .
The full story of how nitroglycerin causes vasodilation would n't be unraveled until the 1980s ( here 's a long , but really fascinating read into how this discovery developed , from the 1700s through 1998 ) . In a long and contentious process , scientists discovered that nitroglycerin is converted into nitric oxide ( itself a toxic chemical at high doses ) , and that nitric oxide is the messenger molecule which causes blood vessels to dilate . Turns out it does so by increasing the concentration of cyclic guanosine monophosphate ( cGMP ) . To bring our story full circle ( again ) , in 1998 Robert Furchgott , Louis Ignarro , and Ferid Murad were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discoveries in this arena .
So nitroglycerin can either cause pain and hasten death , or relieve pain and postpone death . As always : the dose makes the poison ( or , the protein makes the poison ) . So read the rest of the entries in the # ToxicCarnival and lets help get rid of this silly chemophobia epidemic that 's plaguing our world .
Extras :
LQ was AMAZING . I had just started to worry that nothing was coming -- then , late on Christmas Eve -- in a Ryder truck , no less , the UPS man showed up with a box from LethalQuicksilver . Inside was a bounty of Breaking Bad themed gifts .. I think Breaking Bad is the best show in the history of television , and clearly LQ had done his or her homework !
First , an awesome printed message of holiday cheer in the form of a cartoon of Jesse Pinkman wishing me , `` Yo ! Yo ! Yo ! Merry Christmas .. BITCH ! '' I knew I was in for a treat .
Then FOUR -- yes FOUR wrapped presents -- All BrBa themed -- A Heisenberg Air freshener ( which my horrible stinky car actually REALLY NEEDS ! Second , a Heisenberg key chain .. Third a Breaking Bad shotglas -- which will look great next to my breaking bad beaker coffee mug that my sister got me -- ( see how perfect a job LQ did ? ? ? ) And finally , a hilarious and still cozy fleece `` I am the danger ! ! '' throw . Mrs. CoryTV and I snuggled under it and watched the Christmas Critters South Park last night ! !
Thank you SO MUCH Lethal Quicksilver ! ! ! This was breaking badass , Bitch .
Geelong made a $ 1.2 million profit last season compared with Collingwood 's $ 5.2 million but concerted lobbying by the Magpies saw the revenue tax capped at $ 500,000 compared with the Cats ' $ 300,000 . Geelong 's misgivings are shared to varying degrees by Essendon , Adelaide , Fremantle , Carlton and Richmond – all middle-ranked clubs . `` There are two major issues here , '' Carter said . `` One is the equalisation method itself and two is the fact that Geelong is being screwed . `` I had great support for the AFL carting some clubs off to the US in an an attempt to demonstrate their point but the mistake they made is they allowed the conversation to be hijacked by taxation . They could have achieved a better outcome and everything they intended to achieve by compensation . `` Instead Eddie ( McGuire ) and Andrew ( Newbold , the Hawthorn president ) started screaming about the game taking away their hard-earned and they succeeded in getting a deal which weakens the position of the middle clubs against the wealthy . `` The compensation should have been linked to the fixture which is significantly unequal when you consider a game like Anzac Day is worth $ 1 million to those clubs . And it should have been linked to the various stadium agreements . The small clubs are being forced to play at Etihad Stadium which is too large generally for their attendances and it continues to hurt their economies . ''
The Geelong president was a key architect of the 1985 national competition lay-out and said that back then most of the wealthy clubs had better understood the need for the uncertain onfield outcomes . Carter added he had outlined his disappointment with the AFL 's disproportionate taxation measures in a yet-to-be-delivered letter to AFL chiefs Mike Fitzpatrick and McLachlan . Carter 's written protest which he said contained `` moderately intemperate language '' was awaiting delivery pending a meeting this week designed to outline and potentially alleviate the Cats ' misgivings between Geelong chief executive Brian Cook and AFL executive Sam Graham . `` The taxation has been hopelessly compromised because Eddie refused to pay it , '' Carter said . `` I do n't mind the tax on footy departments but this notion of a cap of half-a-million dollars on the rich clubs is a joke . `` The philosophy is wrong . What we are doing is just screwing the middle class while the rich are able to get their affairs in order which is what happens in real life . `` To take $ 300,000 from us and $ 500,000 from Collingwood actually weakens our position against Collingwood . And for the AFL to come out at the end and say they wo n't be taking money for equalisation from club revenues ... what an admission of defeat .
`` Our club supported the genuine attempt to bridge the growing divide between the clubs but now it seems that the ones that shouted the loudest have been rewarded . '' Fremantle chief executive Steve Rosich said on the eve of the equalisation roll-out : `` You 'd hate to see disproportionate burden to be carried by a mid-tier club as opposed to a top-tier club . '' Intense lobbying from the wealthy clubs led by the Magpies and including West Coast ( with a 2013 profit of $ 4.1 million ) and Hawthorn ( $ 3.1 million ) saw the AFL back down from its original revenue tax equation . Now the 2015 equalisation pool will include club contributions of no more than $ 4 million and as low as $ 3 million although the AFL will top up that amount with money from its club future fund . The key recipients of the equalisation pool in 2015 will be Brisbane , St Kilda and the Western Bulldogs along with Melbourne , Port Adelaide and North Melbourne . The clubs will also be taxed for exceeding a soft cap on football department spending which is expected to cost the Magpies a further $ 1 million .
Ted Cruz and Megyn Kelly tangled over immigration . ( Yuri Gripas/Reuters )
This post has been updated
Fox News 's Megyn Kelly -- whom Donald Trump has repeatedly attacked on Twitter this week -- tangled with a different presidential candidate over immigration Tuesday : Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Tex. ) . Kelly repeatedly pressed Cruz on a question that Trump was asked on the network Monday : If a husband and a wife were undocumented immigrants and had two children who were born in the United States and citizens , would you deport the citizen children ?
Cruz did not answer the question , but instead launched into an explanation of how he thinks the immigration system should be changed , starting with finding areas of bipartisan agreement such as securing the border , and then streamlining legal immigration .
`` But that does n't sound like an answer , '' Kelly said . `` Mr. Trump answered that question explicitly last night on 'The O'Reilly Factor . ' Will you do so now ? ''
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump released a detailed immigration plan , and its `` great , great wall '' is just the beginning . ( Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post )
Cruz would not and instead discussed how he thinks Congress should fix the immigration system .
`` You 've outlined your plan , but . . . you 're dodging my question . You do n't want to answer that question ? '' Kelly asked .
No , said Cruz , who both smiled and sounded irritated at points , adding : `` But Megyn , I 'm not playing that game . ''
Trump -- whose immigration plan Cruz has said falls into step with his own -- said that he would deport the children . Cruz would not say how he would handle the situation .
`` Megyn , I get that 's the question you want to ask . That 's also the question every mainstream media liberal journalist wants to ask , '' Cruz said .
`` Is it unfair ? '' Kelly asked .
`` It 's a distraction from how we actually solve the problem . You know it 's also the question Barack Obama wants to focus on , '' Cruz said .
`` But why is it so hard ? '' Kelly asked . `` Why do n't you just say yes or no ? ''
Cruz did not say yes or no . Instead he pivoted back to the idea that `` we need to solve the problem '' of illegal immigration . `` Once we solve that problem , then we can have a debate . Then we can have a conversation . ''
Trump attacked Kelly after she aggressively questioned him during this month 's Republican presidential debate over his history of offensive statements about women .
`` She gets out and she starts asking me all sorts of ridiculous questions , '' Trump said in a CNN interview earlier this month . `` You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes , blood coming out of her wherever . In my opinion , she was off base . ''
Trump again attacked Kelly on Twitter Monday and Tuesday , including saying she was `` off her game '' after coming back from vacation .
[ Read : Donald Trump keeps bullying Megyn Kelly on Twitter , because Donald Trump ]
Fox News Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes issued a statement Tuesday calling Trump 's most recent attacks on Kelly `` bullying '' and said it is `` as unacceptable as it is disturbing . ''
1 of 53 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Ted Cruz exits the presidential race View Photos Looking back at the Texas senator 's presidential bid . Caption Looking back at the Texas senator 's presidential bid . May 3 , 2016 Sen. Ted Cruz speaks with his wife , Heidi , by his side during a primary night campaign event in Indianapolis . Cruz ended his presidential campaign , eliminating the biggest impediment to Donald Trump 's march to the Republican nomination . Darron Cummings/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Businessman and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump continues to defend himself after his controversial comments about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly . ( Alice Li/The Washington Post )
Correction : An earlier version of this post had the word `` liberal '' missing from the following quote : `` That 's also the question every mainstream media liberal journalist wants to ask . '' The quote has been amended .
Depression , loss of interest in life , alcoholism , nightmares – these are the symptoms of veterans . It is called post-traumatic stress disorder , and , in Ukraine , we call it `` Donbass syndrome '' .
More than 30,000 soldiers are due to return home from eastern Ukraine in the coming months , and they will bring the horrors of the front home with them . We have already seen the so-called Donbass syndrome in thousands of soldiers who have returned in the first wave of demobilisation . They have nightmares , flinch from harsh sounds and can not control their reactions .
Perhaps the biggest single problem facing returning fighters is their inability to cope with the demands of civilian life , having known nothing but war for so long . Professional psychologist Anton Lukachuk , who is also a Ukrainian volunteer , is in doubt that his country , our country , is facing a fresh crisis .
`` Let 's take , for example , thunder : the person jumps under the bed , takes a gun , shakes and involuntary craps '' Lukachuk told IBTimes UK when asked to describe the symptoms of Donbass snydrome . `` And he will say ' I understand that it was thunder , but physically I can not do anything . '
`` Coming back home , you can not get rid of reactions that saved your life yesterday : the reaction that a suspicious sound means death , that one must hide in a deep trench from anything , that the world is divided by the front line and the best solution is to shoot first . The subconscious mind is constantly palming off bloody images that can not attach to a quiet , peaceful life .
`` Yesterday 's soldiers are depressed , closed , and hiding from the world . And this is very serious , because the soldiers whose bodies were preserved by war , lose understanding of what they live for . This was the case with Americans after the wars in Vietnam and Iraq , and also with Soviet soldiers after Afghanistan .
`` So it will be with Ukrainians now – there 'll be an epidemic of suicides . ''
'We still live in a permanent war '
The problems are clearly demonstrated by a young man we 'll call Andrew , who has returned to the civilian world after fighting in the east for six months . He was wounded in his left leg , but , fortunately , managed to avoid amputation , a fate which has befallen so many others .
However Andrew , aged only 22 , has seen more cruelty than most people witness in a lifetime .
'Coming back home , you can not get rid of reactions that saved your life yesterday : the reaction that a suspicious sound means death , that one must hide in a deep trench from anything , that the world is divided by the front line and the best solution is to shoot first . The subconscious mind is constantly palming off bloody images that can not attach to a quiet , peaceful life . '
`` I was afraid of being discharged from the hospital , because I did n't know what next '' he says . `` What will be when I 'll come home ? What to talk about with all the others who continue to live peacefully ? When you come again to civil life , everything in your world can be perceived with a shock and misunderstanding .
`` At night you just do n't know what to do with yourself because of all these awful thoughts . You do n't see any exit . Only your family can help you , because the government ... the government does n't need you . And the family does . But what should you do if you do n't have such a good family ? What if you do n't have parents or wife ? ''
'When you return , you think `` what the f * * k did I survive for ? '' '
Lukachuk believes therapists and psychiatrists have a crucial role to play , in guiding Ukraine 's veterans through their emotional turmoil .
`` The man who survives traumatic events , has many strong emotions : the guilt of a survivor , anger at the rapist , the pain of loss '' Lukachuk says . `` And if he is not accustomed to feel such emotions , but on the contrary , is suppressing emotions , so this manifested in physical diseases .
`` It is extremely important to find people , in presence of which one can live these feelings and talk about them sincerely . Almost everyone who comes from the East of Ukraine , needs some rehab process , the creation of a space in which soldiers are carried by psychologists .
`` At the frontline soldiers tend to think that they are betrayed , and when they carry their emotions back to their families , the public mood worsens , too . So that is why there must be a period during which the soldiers will be cared for by specialists , to understand which of them need further psychologists , psychiatrist help and so on . ''
However this help is extremely thin on the ground . There is currently no clear state rehabilitation programme in Ukraine . No single social policy , no single base on which the respite could happen . A substantial chunk of the work is carried out by volunteers , who mean well but lack the professional background to handle this extremely sensitive work .
The shortage of trained staff is exacerbated by Ukraine 's labyrinthine bureaucracy , which is very difficult to break or circumvent . Every soldier who returns expects some benefits from the state , such as discounts on utility bills , and wages ( by the way Ukrainian soldiers only get around 900 hryvnias per month , which is about €30 ) .
These expectations are often disappointed . Indeed , after experiencing concussion , Andrew has had to harangue different officials to get a certificate for his disability , at a time when he badly needs to relax and rehabilitate psychologically .
This problem only exacerbates the veterans ' sense of pointlessness , the feeling of betrayal , the belief that everything was for nothing .
`` When you come under fire , you think 'Thank God I survived ! ' says Andrew . `` But when you return again to normal life , you think 'what the f * * k did I survive for ? '
`` Here , in Kiev , nobody cares for soldiers like me . I need to fight every day with different officials to get the necessary papers , while they look indifferent talking to me . There are only some volunteers who help .
`` But what about other people ? What about officials ? We risked our health defending them , and they just do n't care . ''
' A lot of ex-soldiers will do dangerous things - we 're fighting a second war '
Andrew believes that , with so few specialists available , there is almost no point seeking out support for Donbass syndrome .
`` I need to be busy during the whole day – with some social affairs and telephone talks with other soldiers . There is no psychologist who can help me now , because they were not there and they do n't really know how it was . `` I think that , for now , the best psychologists for us are ourselves . ''
`` I think that , for now , the best psychologists for us are ourselves . ''
With so many soldiers set to return in the coming months , and so few specialists available to treat them , Andrew shares Lukachuk 's grim prognosis for Ukraine .
`` For now , I can surely say that lots of these ex-soldiers will do dangerous things , because every second soldier was shell-shocked at least once , and only 1 of 100 had a talk with a specialist . ''
`` Being wounded by Donbass syndrome , we still live in permanent war . However , when we come home , we see something even worse than a war . There , at least , we knew – here are we , and here is the enemy .
`` But here , in Kiev , we do n't understand who the enemy is , and with whom are we fighting here . There is a feeling that I came to the second war in Kiev . ''
What happens when having a baby keeps you from taking enough flights to keep your status ? Do the airlines even care ? ( Photo : Thinkstock )
Being a pregnant business traveler , or one who is a new mom , can make you feel like an alien .
Norms for working women are changing fast : from Facebook offering employees medical coverage to freeze their eggs to special perks and lounges for women business travelers at leading hotels ( I recently stayed at a Hyatt whose “ for her ” program offered women business travelers entry to a free women 's only lounge with champagne , massages and chick flicks ) . Last month at the American Airlines lounge at National Airport , I was surprised to find a Dermalogica skincare promotional counter , offering skin care consults . It seemed a subtle but significant nod to the fact that women fly for business too ; we 're in the business class lounges , and we do n't just want ESPN and salty nuts as perks .
Related : Traveling As a Single Parent—Tried and True Tips
Usually , when I fly for business from Boston to New York or Washington , I 'm one of few women on the early morning shuttle . It 's my experience that the profile of the business traveler still looks much more Mad Men than new American work force . And being a pregnant business traveler , or one who is a new mom , can make you feel like an alien . While traveling for business in my childbearing years , I 've pumped milk in many disgusting public airport bathrooms in desperate search of a plug , had my precious baby milk seized , tested , and contaminated by TSA , and been endlessly questioned and pulled aside by TSA because I would not go through the XRay Scanner while pregnant .
Now I 'm expecting my 3rd baby in 2 weeks , and tapered off my frequent flying beginning in August . I 'm no road warrior but I fly about 100,000 miles a year . As of November 13 , I was grounded . Knowing that many frequent flier programs have year-end deadlines for collection and rollover , I decided to call the programs in which I have status and see if I could put the deadlines on hold until I have the baby and am able to start flying again .
Related : Should Airlines Call the Cops on Parents Who Ca n't Control Their Kids
Stop no . 1 was US Airways . I spoke with the customer service rep and her supervisor . It turns out I have 2 more segments to qualify for 30 segments ( before Dec. 31 2014 ) and automatic Silver Preferred status for 2015 . However , I was informed by customer service that there is no way to 1 ) purchase the two segments or 2 ) put my status on hold until I start flying again so I do n't lose the status . This policy basically means I will be punished and lose my status simply because I am having a baby and can not fly .
On the phone and in writing , US Airways informed me they never make exceptions for medical leave or maternity leave . I said I 'd be happy to purchase the 2 segments and they told me I could not .
American Airlines does not have a maternity policy but would let me repurchase status lost at the end of 2014 . Virgin America and Delta do not have any “ maternity leave ” policies . The only international airline I tried , British Airways , has an informal policy and offered to put my miles on hold if I sent in a doctor 's note , which felt reasonable .
Related : Why I Kept My Kids Out of School to Travel the World
Regressive policies like US Airways ' help keep women back . Frequent flier status is a subject of near obsession for business travelers , and with good reason . It 's not about perks , but about making life on the road bearable . If you do n't have status in the world of airlines , you probably wo n't make it out of Chicago in a snowstorm in time for that big meeting , or get home for your family . It 's a big deal .
I 'm often on the US Airways Shuttle -and I make the choice to fly it because that my Preferred status gets me upgrades most flights , priority in getting out when they are major airport delays , and early boarding no matter what . It makes those horrible hours spent delayed in La Guardia and National Airport a little better . And because I run a small business and often pay for trips out of my own pocket for business development , it is a statement of my loyalty that I pay premium for US Airways when I could shop around for cheaper deals .
The most public and publicized instances of airlines discriminating against mothers , such as getting kicked off a plane for breastfeeding , are egregious , and draw headlines and protests . But erasing hard earned frequent flier status from women business travelers who are grounded because of pregnancy is a more subtle inequity that I guarantee you , most airlines have n't even begun to think about .
Afghanistan 's government has backed away from a proposal to reintroduce public stoning as a punishment for adultery after the leak of a draft law stirred up a storm of international condemnation .
The president , Hamid Karzai , said in an interview that the grim penalty , which became a symbol of Taliban brutality when the group were in power , would not be coming back .
`` It is not correct . The minister of justice has rejected it , '' he told Radio Free Europe , days after the UK minister Justine Greening urged him to prevent the penalty becoming law .
Afghanistan 's penal code dates back over three decades . The government is drawing up a new one to unify fragmented rules and cover crimes missed out when the last version was written , such as money laundering , and offences that did not even exist at the time , such as internet crimes .
The justice minister presiding over the reform is an outspoken conservative who last year denounced the country 's handful of shelters for battered women as brothels .
As part of the process , a committee tasked with looking at sharia law came up with draft legislation that would have condemned married adulterers to the slow and gruesome death ; unmarried people who had sex would be flogged .
But after several days of silence in the face of growing international outcry , the justice ministry said in a statement that although stoning had been proposed it would not appear in the new legislation because there was `` no need to regulate the issue '' .
The country 's penal code already encompasses sharia law , but some controversial aspects of traditional punishments such as stoning have never been put on the books in Afghanistan .
`` The legality of the crime and punishment is fully addressed and there is no need to regulate the issue in the new code . So , the ministry of justice does not intend to regulate it in the new draft code , '' the statement said .
Right groups who first highlighted the draft law warned that although the government 's quashing of the proposal was good news , its emergence in the first place was a sign of how fragile gains in human rights over the last decade had been , particularly for women .
Although stoning is listed as a punishment for adulterers of both sexes , in countries where it has been used in recent years women have often appeared on the execution ground alone .
As foreign troops head home before a 2014 deadline for the end of combat action in Afghanistan , and political attention fades with it , many activists fear that years of painstaking progress are at risk of being swept away .
`` Of course it 's a huge relief that the government appears eager to disown this proposal now , but this is not an aberration that appeared out of the blue , '' said Heather Barr of Human Rights Watch .
`` It is just the latest in a long string of efforts to roll back women 's rights over the last half year , many of which have been successful . It is time for donors to wake up and realise that if there is not constant pressure on the Afghan government to respect women 's rights , there will be no women 's rights . ''
England miss Graeme Swann .
Their most successful off-spin bowler , and second most successful spinner , retired three years ago , halfway through England 's disastrous Ashes tour of 2013-14 , and they have never come close to finding someone who could do what he did .
His ability to both take wickets and keep the run-rate down made him two different bowlers in one effervescent package . With England drawing the Test series in Bangladesh 1-1 and playing India next—the first Test starts in Rajkot on 9 November—the need for spinners who can perform well against players who have grown up playing on pitches that suit slower bowlers was the biggest talking point ahead of these tours .
This is especially relevant given that the memory of England 's series victory in India in 2012 is still fresh in people 's minds . That series win was built on the success of Swann and Monty Panesar .
With Swann calling it a day and Panesar still struggling with personal issues , neither is available for these tours . Since Swann retired , England have picked eight spin bowlers ; six of them have played one Test each in that time . Only Moeen Ali and Adil Rashid have had more than one game .
Moeen Ali got 11 wickets in the Test series against Bangladesh . Photo : AM Ahad/AP
Chances are Gareth Batty will play again in India , having made a comeback into the team , after an 11-year hiatus , in the first Test against Bangladesh . Zafar Ansari may well feature again this winter after making his debut in the second Test .
But England has been cycling through spinners like a channel-hopping teenager trying to stave off boredom . The progress that Ali has made since his Test debut in 2014 is remarkable , especially for a man who was more of a batsman who bowled . What he has shown in the Test series in Bangladesh endorses what captain Alastair Cook made clear when speaking about him this summer .
“ Moeen is our first choice spinner , '' Cook said .
There have been times when Ali 's ability with the bat has made his selection as a spinner more likely—he has three Test hundreds—but he has been worthy of his place and has improved with every match . He still bowls the odd bad ball , but he has looked the man most likely to get wickets in Bangladesh , and England will hope that continues in India .
Swann told The Telegraph in September that more than anything else , Ali needs to believe in himself and know that his team has faith in him . “ Moeen is happier with a bat in his hand , '' Swann said . “ That is natural because he is a batsman , and as a bowler I just think he needs an arm around him all the time . He needs his tyres pumped up , and people telling him how good a bowler he is . He is a bloody good Test bowler when he believes he is . ''
England 's second spinner in Bangladesh has been Adil Rashid . The leg-spinner takes wickets and bowls wicket-taking balls , but he also sends down some absolute filth . This is a huge problem for a captain .
It does not take long for boundary balls to become a problem and Cook has been concerned enough to pull him out of the bowling attack . India has a frighteningly good top order that will relish the chance to feast upon anything that is too short , too full or too wide .
England picked Batty for both the India and Bangladesh tours , and in many ways this selection represents the post-Swann era . The recall of a 39-year-old who last played Test cricket in 2005 is a pretty stark reminder that England are short of options on slow bowling . Batty is a fine cricketer who has every chance of fulfilling a role on these tours , but it is doubtful if he will play another Test once the India series finishes just before Christmas .
Some have argued that Somerset 's Jack Leach should have been picked ahead of Batty . Scyld Berry of The Daily Telegraph was impressed by Leach in a tour match against the Pakistanis , writing , “ To win this winter , against Asian batsmen , England must find a spinner to hold the line . '' He suggested that Leach may well have been the man for that job .
Leach took 68 first-class wickets at an average of 22 this summer and would have been in the selectors ' thoughts , but it seems they decided he was too much of an unknown quantity for a tour where there will be so much pressure on spin bowlers .
Then there is Zafar Ansari . He has been on England 's radar for a while now . He made his One Day International ( ODI ) debut in May 2015 against Ireland in a match that lasted just 18 overs before rain ended proceedings . Ansari neither batted nor bowled .
He was then selected for England 's tour of the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) last winter , only to injure his hand hours later . Ansari 's record is a modest one—122 first-class wickets at an average of 34— but England rate his temperament highly .
Just like Ali , Ansari is a batsman trying to become a spinner rather than an out-and-out specialist bowler . He has been selected with hope rather than expectation .
Once this winter of dry and turning pitches comes to an end , England will know a lot more about the men they have selected , but they wo n't have come any closer to replacing Graeme Swann .
Peter Miller is a freelance cricket writer and podcaster . He is the author of 28 Days Data—England 's Troubled Relationship With One-Day Cricket .
Whether you 're a devout vegetarian or have pledged to cut back on meat in 2013 ( or , at least , through January ) , you 've likely already consumed quinoa this year .
But the more of it you consume , the more expensive you make it for people in Peru and Bolivia – the people who have subsisted on it for centuries and are often responsible for getting it to our plates .
Indeed , as an article in The Guardian makes clear , the increased demand for quinoa has driven up its price to the extent that `` imported junk food is cheaper , '' writes columnist Joanna Blythman . `` In Lima , quinoa now costs more than chicken . Outside the cities … the pressure is on to turn land that once produced a portfolio of diverse crops into quinoa monoculture . ''
Story continues below advertisement
And so presents an ethical dilemma for all of us late adapters ( yes , even the vegans who have been eating it for a decade ) : Continue to consume quinoa for our own nourishment , or cut back to stabilize the market and ensure it is available – at a fair price – to all ?
The quinoa seed – it 's often confused for a grain – almost always ranks high as a recommended `` super-food '' ( other examples include kale , salmon and berries ) and is praised for its protein content , fibre and all-around nutritional value . It can be eaten as a breakfast cereal in place of oatmeal , as a side or main dish for lunch or dinner , and even liquefied into smoothie-type drinks or baked into cookies or crackers .
It is said that the Incas referred to it as `` the mother of all grains , '' but it did not catch on in Western countries until more recently . Today , quinoa is so revered that the United Nations declared 2013 the Year of Quinoa . Yes , it 's that big a deal .
But this is not the first time concerns have been raised . In March , 2011 , The New York Times reported that quinoa prices tripled over the past five years , while `` Bolivia 's consumption of the staple fell 34 per cent over the same period , according to the country 's agricultural ministry . ''
It also suggested a rise in malnutrition among children in quinoa-growing regions .
The Guardian article compares quinoa ( pronounced KEEN-wa , if you still have no clue ) to other `` problematic imports '' such as asparagus and soy . Their popularity among those outside their native geographies comes at the expense of not only the local peoples , but also the land .
Blythman uses the quinoa quandary to point out that Western countries need to be more committed to food that can be grown closer to home and does n't have such negative consequences . `` Viewed through a lens of food security , our current enthusiasm for quinoa looks increasingly misplaced , '' she writes .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But it 's unlikely that people will cut back on quinoa with the same gusto that has lead to the widely adopted Meat-free Mondays initiative . Quinoa Saturdays ( all you can eat ! ) just does n't have the same kick .
Would you limit your quinoa consumption ?
Joe Mazza Conner Habib
Corning , New York . Find it on the map : it hovers just above the Pennsylvania border , a long ways away from the two closest places you 've heard of , Syracuse and Rochester . Like the small town I grew up in , it 's all alone . Two months ago , I was approached by a curious and thoughtful group of students from Corning Community College . The students , including members of the school 's LGBT organization , invited me to speak at the school as part of their upcoming sex-positive community event , Sex Week . Other events during Sex Week include a Q & A about sex toys , and a discussion about pleasure and communication by members of Planned Parenthood and the Rape Crisis center . In small towns like Corning , the loneliness that LGBT people can feel — for lack of community , peers , and resources — can sometimes be transformed into determination . When people from small towns feel like the discussions they want to have been absent , they work to create them . Their town and school , the students told me , needed more open discussions about sex , about LGBT issues , so they were going to make it happen . I agreed to be a part of it , and administrators signed my speaker 's contract shortly thereafter . Last week , I was informed by Corning Community College Vice President and Dean of Student Development , Don Heins , that the school 's president , Katherine Douglas , had singled out my talk and decided to cancel it , against student wishes . They agreed to honor the contract ( which they 'd signed off on and which contained a cancellation fee ) , but they were worried that the talk would be `` controversial . '' I was n't scheduled to speak about porn , but to talk more broadly on sex and culture . The reason I was banned was because she 'd changed her mind after discovering that I was not , as she 'd thought , an educator who used to be in porn , but rather a university instructor before I started appearing in adult films . I was told she stated , emphatically and more than once , that pornography can not and should not be linked to LGBT rights . When I communicated with frustrated students , I told them that I 'd consider coming anyway and that I could work on finding another venue if they were interested . Then I was informed that administrators contacted a local hotel and local businesses to make sure I would n't be coming to town , that a student was pulled aside and told not to give direct comments to the press , that the president wanted to schedule her own talk to tell students about why she canceled my appearance , and that if I were to appear in the town of Corning , students were not to attend my lecture .
Conner Habib
In an miniature echo of pornography 's place in culture , where millions of people watch and want pornography but are told not to want it , not to watch it , the students and community — particularly the LGBT community , which was singled out in the president 's reasoning — were told not to want or hear a discussion that they 'd asked for . The school had undone the work and determination of the LGBT community . What could be left but loneliness ? I started to hear from and receive emails about students — in the LGBT community and otherwise — expressing their frustrations , and saying they felt threatened and intimidated by the administration . So — are porn and LGBT rights connected ? It is precisely the small towns and conservative or isolated areas of our world that expose how intertwined they are . Where I grew up , just outside of Allentown , PA , I watched , right through my adolescence into adulthood and early college years , while straight people paired off and experienced sex . They were able to engage with a basic aspect of human life that seemed unavailable and distant to me . Unlike today , there was no discussion about gay marriage , nor were there many gay characters on TV . But even if there had been , neither would have rounded out my experience as a man with homosexual feelings because so many of those feelings were — unsurprisingly for a young man — sexual . Gay sex was a lonely venture . It was n't easy to find , and was only mentioned in slurs and the butt of jokes . `` Cocksucker '' and `` butt fucker '' were insults ; stand-ins for `` faggot . '' Whether I bought it from the adult video store or , later , downloaded it , gay porn helped me encounter positive images of gay men enjoying the act of sex . Gay porn was a window into gay sexuality that was free of shame and guilt , and revealed a different world where sex was n't a lonely prospect , confined to the shadows or just my imagination . This same concern is amplified in places where homosexuality is criminalized or even punishable by death . As a porn performer of Arab descent , I 've received hundreds of emails from men in Middle Eastern countries expressing gratitude and relief for my having portrayed gay sex in a positive light on camera . When a gay man lives somewhere where his identity is threatened , it 's clear how sex - including pornography - and sexuality are intertwined . His sexual imagination , which is criminalized , matches the sexual images of gay pornography ( which are also criminalized ) . Since acting out his imagination through sex would be to risk his life , the access to the images is safer . The images , created by gay men wherever it 's legal to create them , provide empowerment and diminish alienation .
Men at Play
As the big European leagues take a week off for the final international break of the year , it 's a good time to praise the players who have stepped up this season
10 ) Philipp Max , Augsburg
Not to be confused with Dortmund Borussia forward Maximilian Philipp , Augsburg left-back Philipp Max is enjoying an excellent season with the club . Signed as a replacement for Chelsea-bound Baba Rahman in 2015 , the 24-year-old had not really secured his place in the first team until this season but he is realising his potential now .
The full-back is in our Bundesliga team of the season so far , having registered more assists ( five ) than any other player . His delivery from the left and ability to play as a wing-back will surely make him an interesting proposition for Joachim Löw , who is is need of a solid left-back . Max has only represented Germany at last summer 's Olympic Games but will hoping to make it to the World Cup next summer . Rating : 7.33 , up 0.68 on last season .
9 ) Pione Sisto , Celta Vigo
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pione Sisto has three goals and seven assists in just 11 games this season . Photograph : Aitor Alcalde Colomer/Getty Images
On the subject of players realising their potential , this may well prove to be Pione Sisto 's true breakthrough campaign . He made a name for himself for his exploits in the Europa League with FC Midtjylland and he showed some promise in his debut season in La Liga last year , but he has nailed down a starting place at Vigo over the last few months .
He has started all 11 of their matches in La Liga so far and has had a direct hand in 10 goals – something only Rodrigo Moreno and Lionel Messi can match . His tally of seven assists can only be bettered in Europe by David Silva . The Republic of Ireland will have a job keeping the Denmark winger quiet come Saturday night in Copenhagen . Rating : 7.36 , up 0.69 on last season .
8 ) Abdoulaye Doucouré , Watford
Watford 's Abdoulaye Doucouré : ‘ Being the second-youngest of eight has helped ' Read more
From a bit-part player to game-changer , Abdoulaye Doucouré 's renaissance at Watford shows what a change of manager can do for a player . Walter Mazzarri did not seem to trust the Frenchman but Marco Silva has played him for every single minute of Watford 's season so far – and his faith has been rewarded .
With four goals in the league , Doucouré is the club 's joint top scorer – along with new summer signing Richarlison – but it 's his dynamism in midfield that has been most impressive . His rangy stride allows him to beat a man as well as he breaks up possession - winning the ball more times in the midfield third than any other Premier League player ( 60 ) – while he controls the play for the Hornets with a huge team high of 65.8 passes per game . Rating : 7.19 , up 0.72 on last season .
7 ) Lucas Ocampos , Marseille
Big things were expected from Lucas Ocampos when he moved from River Plate to Monaco for a Ligue 2 record fee of €11 million five years ago . He has n't lived up to those expectations – until now .
The Argentinian forward , now 23 , is in the form of his career at Marseille , where he has been given a second chance having looked set to leave after loan spells at Genoa and Milan last season . In eight league appearances this season , he has scored four goals and laid on an assist from the left flank , averaging 2.8 shots and 2.3 dribbles per game , with a further goal and assist in his only Europa League start . Rating : 7.47 , up 0.78 on last season .
Staying in Marseille , Ocampos ' team-mate and at times positional rival Clinton N'Jie is putting a dismal spell at Tottenham behind him . The 24-year-old returned to Marseille on loan last season and scored four times in 22 league appearances , doing just enough to earn a permanent move .
He 's already beaten that goal tally in just eight outings this season , scoring five times and registering an assist from just 429 minutes of action . That equates to a goal every 86 minutes , a record beaten only by Falcao ( a goal every 58 minutes ) and Edinson Cavani ( a goal every 71 minutes ) in Ligue 1 . Rating : 7.37 , up 0.83 on last season .
5 ) Malcom , Bordeaux
Meet Malcom , the other Brazilian forward who is setting Ligue 1 alight Read more
Bordeaux winger Malcom has been one of the brightest young talents in Europe this season . The 20-year-old Brazilian , who arrived in Europe from Corinthians aged just 18 , nailed down a place in the starting XI last season but has really thrived in this campaign .
With five goals and four assists from the right flank , he will be hoping to force his way into Tite 's World Cup squad . He was in the Brazil team that lost the Under-20 World Cup final to Serbia in 2015 ; if his current form continues , he may have a chance to make amends for that defeat next summer . Rating : 7.76 , up 0.86 on last season .
4 ) Ciro Immobile , Lazio
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ciro Immobile has scored 14 goals so far this season – one every 70 minutes he 's on the pitch . Photograph : Carlo Hermann/AFP/Getty Images
Andrea Belotti scored 26 goals for Torino last season and was seen as the great Italian hope , leaving Ciro Immobile 's efforts somewhat overlooked . Immobile scored league 23 goals in his debut season for Lazio , which was one more than he scored on route to the Capacannoniere in 2013-14 while with Torino .
The tables have turned this season though . Immobile is not only the top scorer in Serie A but across Europe 's top five leagues , with a remarkable 14 goals from 11 appearances . Sweden will need to keep a close eye on him during their World Cup play-off this week . Rating : 8.12 , up 0.86 on last season .
3 ) Simone Zaza , Valencia
West Ham fans , look away now . While your club is in the relegation zone and being managed by David Moyes , your former loanee Simone Zaza is lighting up La Liga . Having earned a permanent deal with Valencia after a decent loan spell with the club earlier this year , he has been in sensational form .
Zaza has been key to the club 's unbeaten start under new boss Marcelino , scoring nine goals to rank second to Lionel Messi in the La Liga scoring charts . That 's just two fewer than West Ham have managed in the Premier League this season . He has scored with a third of his shots , giving him the fifth best conversion rate ( 33.3 % ) among players with more than five goals in Europe 's big leagues . Rating : 7.52 , up 0.89 on last season .
2 ) Mikel Oyarzabal , Real Sociedad
Mikel Oyarzabal is one of those four players with a better chance conversion rate than Zaza . The Real Sociedad winger struggled badly with his finishing last season , scoring just twice in 38 appearances , but he has turned that around in emphatic fashion .
The 20-year-old has scored six goals in eight league games this season and has hit 69 % of his shots on target . If he can improve his support play – he has just one assist this season – Oyarzabal a real contender for Spain 's World Cup squad next summer . Rating : 7.58 , up 0.94 on last season .
Violence erupts as Lyon demolish St Étienne in Ligue 1 's fiercest derby Read more
1 ) Nabil Fekir , Lyon
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nabil Fekir shows off his shirt after giving Lyon a 5-0 lead against bitter rivals St Etienne . Photograph : Romain Lafabregue/Icon Sport/Getty Images
The runaway leader here , Nabil Fekir is one man who should be a certainty for a place in Russia next summer . The 24-year-old Frenchman has been nothing short of sensational for Lyon this season , earning our third highest rating in Europe behind Neymar and Lionel Messi .
Stepping up to help shoulder the goalscoring burden following the departure of Alexandre Lacazette , the new Lyon captain has scored 11 and registered four assists in Ligue 1 so far from his role behind lone striker Mariano . He is in the form of his life having spent much of last season getting back up to speed following a cruciate ligament injury and will surely be a hot property in the transfer windows to come . Rating : 8.50 , up 1.41 on last season .
... and the 10 biggest decreases this season
Hakan Calhanoglu , Milan : 6.61 , -0.89
Gylfi Sigurdsson , Everton : 6.44 , -0.81
Thiago Alcântara , Bayern Munich : 7.47 , -0.81
Jason Puncheon , Crystal Palace : 6.10 , -0.80
Emil Forsberg : 6.99 , -0.76
Ander Herrera , Manchester United : 6.69 , -0.67
Eden Hazard , Chelsea : 7.15 , -0.66
Kevin Strootman , Roma : 6.63 , -0.66
Gianluigi Donnarumma , Milan : 6.40 , -0.65
Yoan Cardinale , Nice : 6.24 , -0.63
Premier League team of the week
La Liga team of the week
Bundesliga team of the week
Serie A team of the week
Ligue 1 team of the week
• Follow WhoScored on Twitter and Facebook
• Follow Martin Laurence on Twitter
No , The Wall St. Bull Sculptor Does n't 'Have A Point '
from the nope dept
Last week , we wrote twice about sculptor Arturo Di Modica and his claim that the `` Fearless Girl '' statue , that was placed last month in front of his `` Charging Bull '' statue , violates his rights . As we explained , in detail , he has almost no legal case here . His letter to New York City argues three possible claims of action -- all of which would almost certainly be losers in court ( as we detailed in that last post ) .
However , I still have seen a bunch of people arguing in support of Di Modica , claiming that he `` has a point . '' Many have pointed to a blog post by Greg Fallis that is literally titled `` Seriously , the guy has a point . '' Others have raised other issues in discussions I 've seen ( and taken part in ... ) on Twitter and Facebook . I still do n't think he has any point at all , but I wanted to do a post addressing each of the key issues I 've seen raised , and explaining why I think they fail as legitimate arguments .
Fearless Girl is an ad
I had debated mentioning this in the first post ( and only obliquely noted that `` there have been some criticisms '' of Fearless Girl ) , but decided it was really meaningless . But people keep bringing it up , so let 's address it . Yes , the Fearless Girl statue is an advertisement of sorts . The whole thing was created and financed by State Street , a massive investment firm , with help from McCann , one of the giant ad agencies . And a big part of the criticism is that State Street has a `` gender diversity index '' whose ticker symbol is SHE , focused on tracking the performance of `` companies with the highest levels within their sectors of gender diversity on their boards of directors and in their senior leadership . '' And Fearless Girl has a plaque that says : `` Know the power of women in leadership . SHE makes a difference . '' Many have , quite reasonably , argued that ( especially given the capitalization of SHE ) Fearless Girl is just an advertisement .
And the response to that should be ... so what ? As we 've pointed out for many , many years , all content is advertising in some sense . It may be advertising for the artist . It may be advertising some idea . It may be advertising a theme . Di Modica 's bull was `` advertising '' the resiliency of American capitalism . Just because it 's advertising does n't mean it 's not artwork . And even advertising can have a positive social message . So , the claim that it 's `` advertising '' does n't really impact anything here . Yes . It 's advertising . So what ? It 's also still art , and was created by a real artist whose own work and talents are unfairly diminished when you say that it 's not art just because someone paid for it and it advertises something else . Or as our own Leigh Beadon points out :
If the Fearless Girl `` is n't art '' because a corporation paid for it and attached an ad , then nothing on network TV has ever been art either . — Leigh Beadon ( @ leighbeadon ) April 17 , 2017
Some are arguing that because there 's money involved , that somehow changes things , but I do n't see how . After all , the bull itself celebrates money and markets , so if you 're suddenly arguing that money is bad , well , then ... I 'm not sure how that supports the argument that the artist has a point .
It uses the only copy of Charging Bull
This is the argument I 've heard most often after the `` it 's an ad '' argument , and I 'd argue it 's more persuasive , but still not very persuasive . The argument here is that , unlike a remix or standard appropriation art , where the original work remains untouched , the placement of Fearless Girl effectively incorporates Charging Bull such that Charging Bull can no longer be separate from Fearless Girl . If you are to accept the idea that putting another artwork near an original piece of artwork can never be allowed , even in a public place , and even if the latter piece incorporates the original to comment on it ... well , you 're going to run into a lot of problems pretty quickly . Because then you 're arguing two things that are pretty difficult to justify : ( 1 ) that an artist should get absolute control over any other works near his or her own artwork , and ( 2 ) that artwork is defined by what is around it and so the context can never change .
Both things seem unjustifiable . On the first point , what if , instead of the Fearless Girl statue , someone created a placard ( an artistic placard ) protesting what they believed was unfair sexism on Wall Street and stood next to the bull ? Would that lead to the same outcry that this somehow `` diminished '' the Bull ? Or imagine a world in which an artist could force a museum curator -- or a private collection owner -- to not display some other artist 's artwork next to his or her own , because the juxtaposition of the two pieces was deemed by the artist to be unflattering ? Most people would think that is crazy . How one puts up a piece of artwork , and what pieces are put around it , are the decisions of those who control the physical pieces and have the rights to display them . Here , Di Modica dumped his bull on the streets of New York , and New York now has possession of the physical statue . It can decide how to display it .
Plenty of museums use the careful placement of different works to create juxtaposition and even direct criticism or commentary . It would be crazy to think that an original artist could bar any of that .
As for the second point , we do n't have to look very far to see how silly it is : Di Modica himself placed the bull in the street in front of the NY Stock Exchange , specifically making a point about that particular financial market . He was commenting on the NY Stock Exchange and the fact that it represents a form of capitalism and free markets ( whether or not you agree with that is beside the point ) . And yet , NYC moved Charging Bull around the corner . It is no longer directly in front of the NYSE , but people still get the context and they understand the intent .
I 've seen people arguing that if Fearless Girl were removed to somewhere else it would n't make the same point , but that 's not necessarily true . People are not dumb . They can understand context . And they can see how context changes . The Bull moved from the NYSE to a nearby park , and yet people still recognize that Charging Bull is commenting on the stock market and the Wall St. ethos . Yes , it helped where it was initially placed , but the mythology around the placement has stuck with the Bull . The same is likely true for Fearless Girl . Were it -- or the Bull -- to now move , many people would still remember and recognize the initial juxtaposition , and understand the intent ( again , even if it was an ad ) .
But Fearless Girl changes Charging Bull 's meaning
I 've seen this from a few people , arguing that the artist must have some right of `` control '' over the meaning of the statue . But that 's just not the way it works . This is a similar argument that we 've seen in lots of copyright disputes over the years -- especially cases involving fair use . People seem to ascribe a somewhat mythical concept of `` control '' or `` control of message '' that an artist can have over their artwork . But that 's never been true . Once a work of art is released to the public , the public interacts with it and interprets it and that 's wholly outside the control of the original artist . Sometimes , over time , people 's impression of a work of art can change drastically -- from bad to good or from good to bad .
Indeed , that 's a big part of art . Art is barely art if there 's no reaction to it . The reaction itself is a large part of the art , and that reaction is not dictated by the artist . Sometimes that reaction is just how people see things . Sometimes that reaction is in how it inspires others to create other works . Art is often defined by the reaction to it . And here , if that reaction changed , that 's just a part of the nature of art and culture and society and how those things interact . Over the years , for example , there have been debates about the artistic value of works that supported , celebrated or were associated with bigotry . And there have been protests against them . But that 's allowed , because people are allowed to react to art how they want , and sometimes their reactions can impact how others see things as well . Some people who grew up with the Confederate flag as a symbol of the south have grown over time to realize the racist connotations it can hold . Should we not allow people to raise those issues and get people to rethink their support of that flag ?
Control in art is an illusory concept : people insist it 's there , when it really is not . An artist has control over the artwork while they 're working on it and before they 've released it to the world , but once it 's out there , once it 's become available to interact with the reactions of the public , control is lost . And that 's a good thing . It 's that loss of control that makes art art .
You may not like Fearless Girl . You may not like Charging Bull . You may not like capitalism or advertising -- or maybe you do . You may like control . But the simple fact is that none of the arguments that Di Modica and his supporters are making much sense in the grand scheme of things . The bull can survive Fearless Girl and so can Di Modica .
Filed Under : art , arturo di modica , charging bull , context , control , copyright , fearless girl , moral rights , wall street
Companies : state street
President Barack Obama ( Mythbusters )
President Barack Obama thanked the “ Mythbusters ” for proving American astronauts actually did land on the moon .
The popular Discovery program will air its final episode Saturday at 8 p.m. , and the president recorded a brief message to express his admiration of the long-running TV show , reported Entertainment Weekly .
The show produced 248 episodes over 14 seasons .
Obama had challenged hosts Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman to prove the 1969 moon landing when the program recorded an episode in August during a visit to the White House .
The president said he was a big fan of the program , although he complained Savage and Hyneman would n't let him blow anything up when they visited the Executive Mansion .
“ Thank you for inspiring our young people to ask the big questions about our world , and to seek the answers through math , science and engineering , ” Obama said .
Conspiracy theories doubting whether the moon was real or staged have persisted since Apollo 11 landed on the moon and astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldin became the first human to walk on its surface .
Watch the president 's statement posted online by Entertainment Weekly :
Well , it looks like only a matter of time before DeSean Jackson ends up in Tampa Bay catching passes from Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston .
According to Michael Lombardi of The Ringer , the Bucs are offering Jackson more than $ 10 million per year to sign with them .
For all the talk that D Jackson is heading back to Philly , I am told the big money bidder is the Bucs at over 10 per year….wow… .. — Michael Lombardi ( @ mlombardiNFL ) March 8 , 2017
This reported big-money bid falls in line with Jackson 's reported desire to make at least $ 10 million per year on a new deal . Though , that report indicated he was looking for between $ 10-12 million , meaning it 's possible another team could swoop in with a bigger offer to entice the veteran speedster .
However , given Tampa Bay 's big push to land Jackson , and given the fact the two sides have been linked heavily as matches for weeks , it would appear the Bucs have the inside track .
Jackson was highly productive during his tenure with the Washington Redskins following his trade from Philadelphia . Catching 142 passes for 2,702 yards and 14 touchdowns in 40 games , he averaged a whopping 19 yards per reception and is obviously still one of the fastest players in the league .
Pairing Jackson with Mike Evans , not to mention promising tight end Cameron Brate , would give Tampa Bay quite the potent passing arsenal for its young gunslinger .
Share
We humans have a peculiar relationship with robots . On the one hand , we create them , and they amaze us with their awesomeness . On the other , well , have you ever heard of a little thing called Terminator ?
In few instances are our love-hate relationship with our mechanical brethren so fully realized as in this video ( below ) of a swarm of “ nano quadrotors ” performing advanced maneuvers . The whole thing is both amazing and chilling , all at once .
The tiny flying robots were developed by KMel Robotics , and the coordination system , which allows the 16 quadrotors to flip , spin , and gather into complex formations , was created by a team of researchers at the University of Pennsylvania 's General Robotics , Automation , Sensing , and Perception ( GRASP ) laboratory .
Of course , this is far from the first time we 've seen similar robots doing amazing things . ( A quadtrotor playing real-life Pong , anyone ? ) But it is the first time we 've seen them moving in such a sophisticated , militaristic-like fashion .
Take a look below :
Princess Michael of Kent has apologised after coming under fire for wearing a ‘ blackamoor ' brooch to the Queen 's Christmas lunch at Buckingham Palace , attended by Prince Harry 's mixed race fiancée Meghan Markle .
A spokesperson for the royal said that she 's 'very sorry and distressed ' for wearing the brooch , adding it was a gift she 's worn many times before , without controversy .
The full statement said : 'The brooch was a gift and has been worn many times before .
'Princess Michael is very sorry and distressed that it has caused offence . '
Princess Michael , who is married to the Queen 's cousin , Prince Michael , could clearly be seen wearing the jewellery on her coat as she drove through the gates on Wednesday .
Princess Michael of Kent found herself under fire yesterday after she wore a ‘ blackamoor ' brooch to the Queen 's Christmas lunch at Buckingham Palace , attended by Prince Harry 's mixed race fiancée Meghan Markle
She was not sat at the same table as Miss Markle , 36 , who was attending the event for the first time , but would have been introduced to her at the intimate , private gathering .
The royal bride-to-be , whose former lighting director father , Thomas Markle is white , and mother , Doria Ragland , is black , has often spoken about the racism she experienced both as a child and as a grown woman .
The royal , who is married to the Queen 's cousin , Prince Michael , could clearly be seen wearing the jewellery on her coat as she drove through the gates on Wednesday ( pictured )
Bride-to-be Meghan flashed her dazzling engagement ring from the front seat of Prince Harry 's Land Rover as she left the Queen 's annual Christmas lunch
Blackamoor : 18th century art and jewellery linked to 'racial conquest ' Blackamoor art in Shirley Bassey 's bedroom Blackamoor jewellery and art was extremely popular in the 18th Century . But they are now considered to be highly racially insensitive and the word blackamoor has been condemned as a term of abuse for anyone with a dark skin . In recent years there have been petitions for galleries and hotels to remove them , Blackamoors first emerged during the Middle Ages when Europeans first encountered the Moors , dark-skinned Muslims from North Africa and the Middle East who came to occupy various parts of the continent . The African figure is typically depicted with a turban , dressed in lavish jewels and are commonly fixed in positions of servitude—such as footmen or waiters . They are usually carved from ebony or painted black in the case of porcelain . While they became an art form in the 17th and 18th centuries , particularly in Italy , many believe the figures suggest ‘ racial conquest ' .
Blackamoor is a genre of figurines , small sculptures or jewellery which depict largely men , but sometimes women , with black skin usually from the 18th century .
Many will be worth £10,000 or more .
The princess lives in an apartment at Kensington Palace , just a stone 's throw from Harry and Meghan 's cottage in the grounds .
But she was roundly condemned on social media with comments ranging from : ‘ Has no-one noticed the blackamoor pin that Princess Michael of Kent is wearing. ? Really ? Meghan Markle official meets the family and is greeted by THIS ? '
Another attacked her for her ‘ racist jewellery ' , while a third added : ‘ I hope the Queen is going to ban this racist , horrible woman from any further gatherings . This woman is an embarrassment to the Royal Family . '
It is not the first time that the royal , dubbed Princess Pushy , has found herself at the centre of a racist row .
In 2004 she was accused of insulting a party of black diners at a smart New York restaurant by allegedly telling them to ‘ go back to the colonies ' in a row over noise .
The princess strongly denied the allegations , claiming to have said she would be ‘ ready to go back to the colonies ' during a dispute about noise with the other table .
But she subsequently went on to make a series of toe-curling remarks in a television interview about the incident , referring to African people as 'adorable ' .
Talking of her extensive travels through Africa she said : ‘ I even pretended years ago to be an African , a half-caste African , but because of my light eyes I did not get away with it , but I dyed my hair black .
‘ I travelled on African buses . I wanted to be a writer . I wanted experiences from Cape Town to right up in northern Mozambique . I had this adventure with these absolutely adorable , special people and to call me racist : it 's a knife through the heart because I really love these people . '
The invite to the Queen 's lunch was the first time that Meghan will have met much of Harry 's family , and the invitation is a further sign that she is well and truly part of the royal establishment
Harry and Meghan released the official engagement portraits , almost a month after announcing their plans to get married
Bi-racial Miss Markle has told how she feels compelled to speak out about racism after being subjected to years of prejudice by people unaware of her heritage .
She claimed that some who believed she was Caucasian even made distasteful 'black jokes ' in front of her .
She has also told of her anger and hurt at hearing her mother called ‘ the ‘ N ' word ' when she was pulling out of a parking space .
‘ My skin rushed with heat as I looked to my mom . Her eyes welling with hateful tears , I could only breathe out a whisper of words , so hushed they were barely audible : 'It 's OK , Mommy ' , ' she said .
How Princess Pushy ‘ told black diners to go back to the colonies ' and was ‘ shocked ' to discover her father was a Nazi SS officer
Princess Michael 's decision to wear the blackamoor brooch is not the first time she has been embroiled in controversy after allegedly telling black diners to 'go back to the colonies ' and claiming not to know her father was an SS officer .
In 2004 she was branded a racist by a group in a New York restaurant after a row erupted over the noise she claimed they were making .
The royal was accused of slamming her hand down on the group 's table , telling them : You need to quiet down . '
The princess , pictured with husband Prince Michael , claimed to be shocked by revelations that her father was a high-ranking SS officer
Restaurant boss Silvano Marchetto offered to move Princess Michael and her party to another room .
Before switching tables the royal is alleged to have said 'you need to go back to the colonies ' .
The princess was reportedly challenged at the time and was said to have replied : ' I did not say `` back to the colonies '' , I said you `` should remember the colonies '' .
'Back in the days of the colonies there were rules that were very good . '
She is alleged to have continued : 'You think about it . Just think about it . '
One of the group , Wall Street banker Merv Matheson , who said : 'She has a problem and that problem is racism . She needs help . '
AJ Callaway was also caught up in the alleged row and was surprised to find out she was a member of the Royal family .
' I thought she was just a crazy woman . I still think she 's a crazy woman , ' he said at the time .
A spokesman denied that the princess made the slur , which reportedly arose from a confrontation about the group making too much noise in the Da Silvano restaurant .
In 2014 it was revealed her father , Baron Gunther von Reibnitz , was a high-ranking SS officer , which the Princess Michael claimed was shocking news to her .
Baron Gunther von Reibnitz ( pictured ) joined the Nazi party three years before Hitler became the German chancellor
He joined the Nazi party in 1930 but would escape to Bavaria in 1945 when it was occupied by the Americas .
Princess Michael was born Marie-Christine von Reibnitz during the final months of World War Two .
Historian Philip Hall unearthed the baron 's Nazi link at the Berlin Document Centre , where evidence showed he had joined the SS three years before Hitler became chancellor .
He also found references to Baron Gunther von Reibnitz being recommended for an appointment by Herman Goering and he is believed to have fought on the Polish front .
After the war 's end , the baron split from his family . The children and their mother headed to Sydney , Australia , and he settled in Mozambique , where he ran a citrus farm .
The princess was accused of racially abusing black diners at this New York restaurant in 2004
The Czech princess joined the British Royal Family when she married Prince Michael of Kent in Vienna in 1978 and would later claim her union with the Silesian was an arranged marriage .
She famously accused the British of racism in the 1980s when she said in an interview : 'The English distrust foreigners .
' I will never become British even if I live here the rest of my life . '
She was branded Princess Pushy until 2013 , when she was described as Princess Cushy for whinging about the rent she paid to Kensington Palace .
Before 2010 she was paying just £69 a week in peppercorn rent , but would go on to pay £120,000 a year to stay at the palace , which has ten main rooms .
The new rent rate was imposed when the Queen was forced to restructure her grace-and-favour residences a few years ago to bring rents into line with present-day market values .
She also courted controversy when she told Tatler magazine she knew 'the real story ' about Princess Diana following her death in 1997 .
Today at the Microsoft Build conference new details about what is coming to Continuum for phones were demonstrated on stage , and they are some significant advances .
During a session on Continuum for phone , Microsoft Program Manager Liz Threlkeld revealed three new features for Windows 10 Mobile , including :
Xbox One controller + Docks support
Ability to beam Windows 10 Mobile to any Windows 10 PC
Run Win32 apps like Visual Studio remotely
Xbox One controller support was shown on stage playing the unreleased sequel Shadow Fight 3 . Users will be able to plug the Xbox One controller into the Dock to play the video game and any other UWP game made for Windows 10 .
Presumably , you can also use an adapter to plug the controller directly into the phone as well . We 'll confirm this information shortly .
Additionally , with the Anniversary update users will be able to beam their Windows 10 Mobile phone to any Windows 10 PC through Continuum . Previously , PCs could beam to other displays and phones could do the same . With this update , users can treat any PC as a dummy terminal .
Reasons for such an option include the ability to use your apps , your logins , and your data without having to install them on the other PC . For the demo , a Lumia 950 was wirelessly connected to a Surface Book . The phone 's Continuum UI was then run within a window . Users can make Continuum full screen or minimize it to multitask on the PC while keeping Continuum running .
Finally , running virtualized software e.g . Visual Studio was also demonstrated . HP did much of the same earlier this year when they announced the HP Elite x3 . Using a combination of Citrix was used for the demo , which let the speaker run Visual Studio , virtualized , through Continuum onto a dummy display .
The update to Continuum for Windows 10 Mobile will arrive with the Windows 10 Anniversary Update due later this summer . Needless to say , we are very excited for what is coming next .
We 'll have a hands-on demo of some of these features a bit later .
Happy Friday .
Retired general Michael Flynn , who was President Trump 's national security adviser before resigning in February , pleaded guilty on Friday to making a false statement to the FBI .
Special counsel Robert Mueller charged Flynn with “ willfully and knowingly ” making “ false , fictitious , and fraudulent statements ” to the agency about his conversations with Russia 's American ambassador , Sergey Kislyak .
Significantly , Flynn admitted as part of his plea that Trump transition-team officials had directed his contact with Russians . It is not known which officials were involved , or what , exactly , they told Flynn to do . The charges drawn up by Mueller describe Flynn discussing sanctions imposed on Russia by the Obama administration during the presidential transition period and lying to the FBI about conversations he had with Kislyak involving sanctions .
Flynn was taken into custody Friday morning . In a statement , he said , “ It has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of ‘ treason , ' ” but that “ the actions I acknowledged in court were wrong . ”
White House lawyer Ty Cobb also released a statement , which claimed that “ nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn. ” He referred to Flynn as a “ former Obama administration official . ”
Speculation had been mounting for weeks that Flynn , whose dealings with Russia and Turkey had long drawn scrutiny from Mueller , would cooperate with the special prosecutor in exchange for lenient treatment for him and his son .
The relatively minor false-statement charge suggests that Flynn is divulging information to Mueller that could implicate figures even further up the chain of command .
Flynn served as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Obama until his firing in 2014 . He emerged last year as an ardent supporter of President Trump , and was among Hillary Clinton 's most vicious critics during the presidential campaign , memorably telling a Republican National Convention crowd , “ If I did a tenth of what she did , I 'd be in jail today ! ” and joining in a “ Lock her up ! ” chant .
Flynn was forced out of the Trump administration , purportedly because he misled Vice-President Pence about his conversations with Kislyak .
In March , President Trump suggested in a tweet that Flynn should seek immunity from the Russia-investigation “ witch hunt . ”
This is a developing story — check back for updates .
Yo-kai Watch 2 ended up releasing as two separate games in Japan . A few months later though , Level-5 prepared a new version known as “ Shinuchi ” . The same thing is now happening with Yo-kai Watch 3 .
The latest issue of CoroCoro reveals Yo-kai Watch 3 : Sukiyaki . Quite a number of Japanese fans predicted Level-5 would end up bringing out a third entry for Yo-kai Watch 3 , and had even guessed the subtitle .
Yo-kai Watch 3 : Sukiyaki will be released in Japan on December 15 . The original Sushi and Tempura versions will be receiving an update on the same day . However , it 's unknown though whether the update will make them totally in par with Sukiyaki .
Details about Sukiyaki are mostly unknown at this time . That being said , with Yo-kai Watch 2 : Shinuchi , Level-5 prepared some new elements and mixed the content of Bony Spirits and Fleshy Souls . The company may go down a similar path with Sukiyaki .
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix : The Lost Sequel to Fate of Atlantis After Fate of Atlantis
Released in 1992 , Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis is considered among the strongest entries in the beloved LucasArts adventure line-up and probably remains the best Indiana Jones game to date . Why , then , did it take seven years for the next proper Indy title - no offense intended to the perfectly addictive Desktop Adventures - to arrive on PCs with 1999 's Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine ?
As it turns out , that was not Plan A . Indeed , those who stuck around for its end credits know Fate of Atlantis was already teasing a follow-up via a James Bond-like promise :
This was ostensibly in reference to The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles , but the television series had already debuted on ABC shortly before Fate 's initial release . The advertisement was in fact for a planned Young Indy tie-in game that got abandoned . The project was mentioned by artist William ‘ Bill ' Eaken when we interviewed him back during our Fate retrospective .
Brian Moriarty was working on a young Indy game that a lot of people did n't like very much ( I never saw it myself , but I heard horror stories ) .
- Bill Eaken
Artist Anson Jew , a member of the Fate of Atlantis team who would go on to work on Iron Phoenix , recalls his own involvement with a Young Indy title .
My memories are fuzzy about it , but the story involved the invention of the machine gun synchronization gear for World War 1 biplanes .
- Anson Jew
In an interview with Aventura y CÍA , Moriarty has himself confirmed that he was designing the project , called Young Indiana Jones at the World 's Fair , for LucasLearning , the long-defunct educational division of the studio . According to Moriarty , the project was canceled simply because the show had been , which is certainly plausible ; the plug was pulled on the series before its second season had fully aired and leaving a number of completed teleplays unproduced .
( Among them was a script by Frank Darabont involving crystal skulls , which would later land him a job on the next Indy film for which he produced a controversially rejected draft that had garnered praise from Steven Spielberg . But I digress . )
This logo is a Final Jeopardy ! question .
Moriarty 's dalliance with Young Indy would likely have immediately followed his completion of the fondly remembered and still thoroughly unique fantasy title Loom . Though Moriarty had ideas for two Loom sequels that would form a trilogy , he chose not to pursue them himself , handing the second installment , Forge , off to the dual project leader team of Kalani Steicher and Mike Ebert . The first page of the Forge design document , by the way , has recently been posted by “ SCUMM Lord ” Aric Wilmunder on his web site , with the whole thing to be shared at a later date .
In the end , not only did Forge get cancelled before entering production , but the project that Moriarty did choose next - the second of three ( 3 ) incarnations of the science fiction fantasy The Dig - proved ill-fated as well .
Not to go off on a tangent about Moriarty , whose 1991 model is pictured above , but I just feel bad about all his cancelled games .
Fate of Atlantis
Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix
Sam & Max : Freelance Police
Fate of Atlantis
As for grown-up Indy , the natural decision was made to follow upwith another SCUMM title . This would becomeor “ Indy 5 , ” a project second only toin LucasArts adventure infamy . It 's a title equal parts fascinating and frustrating to learn about , as it seems to have been more or less exactly whatfans would have wanted in a successor .
But before we get to the bitter end , let 's start with the hopeful beginnings .
First of all , the subtitle of this post should be “ My Gateway to Miniature Figure Painting . ”
After receiving Star Wars : Imperial Assault last Christmas , which I talk about in a different post here , I could n't help but feel like there was something missing in the game . The mechanics and gameplay of Imperial Assault have been outstanding in my experience , and I can not get enough of this game . But the miniature figures that came with it are just bland . They are made of a gray , soft , rubbery plastic . And those of us who have seen Star Wars ( actually , who has n't ? ) can quickly identify with the iconic white and black Stormtroopers , the Imperial Officers in uniform , the gun-slinging bounty hunters , and the huge brown fuzzy Wookies . So I set out on a quest to make these figures come to life — by painting them .
A quick Google search of miniature painting and some guides will lead to many helpful tutorials and resources . It turns out that there is already a big community of hobbyists who have been doing this for years , and I somewhat knew this already from my high school years when I really wanted to get into the Warhammer 40K war-gaming scene ( I was so broke ) . I wo n't pretend that I know much about the history of miniature painting , but I 'll guess it goes back at least to the days when people started playing role-playing games like Dungeons and Dragons intertwined with people who built model trains and/or other dioramas . These people are creative , artistic , and passionate . I believe I have the first two , and I am starting to build up my passion for the hobby of board gaming and miniature painting .
One of the most helpful communities I happened to come across was the /r/minipainting sub-Reddit ( Shout out to y'all ! ) . Finding this community was like taking the plunge into the hobby or being thrown to the wolves , some really nice , patient , and helpful wolves . The side-bar contains links to beginner resources such as guides , tutorials , and terminology to get you up to speed with the vernacular . The posts are a collection of questions , advice , and works-in-progress complete with constructive comments and critiques . After reading many , many posts and being inspired and excited by people 's works and stories , I decided to purchase a kit instead of individual pieces of equipment . I decided on the Reaper Bones Learn to Paint Kit ; the Amazon Prime shipping definitely did n't hold me back .
Prior to purchasing this kit , all I really knew was it was a nice little case that contained an assortment of acrylic paints , two different types of paintbrushes , three unpainted miniature figures , and a short guide to painting the three figures . I purchased a helping hand with a magnifying glass and LED flashlight to help me get started . There was one thing I wanted to be aware of in starting this hobby , and that was spending . Knowing myself , I did n't want to buy every little paint color , brush , accessory , or figure that I came across . I wanted to be reasonable with my spending .
When the kit arrived , I tore the box open and admired each content one by one . I started reading the guide , which first discussed preparation steps and paintbrush care . After washing the figures with warm soapy water and letting it dry , I was ready . The first lesson was to paint the Skeleton Archer which , like the other two figures , came in a white , soft plastic . Both the paint and the figures were manufactured by Reaper Miniatures . Because of this , the paints were specifically designed to adhere to the surface of the figures without the need for any primer . Most other figures will require a first layer of primer which will allow additional layers of paint to stick to the figure . Since the figures are made of a soft but durable plastic , some parts can come bent but can be easily fixed by dipping it in warm water , holding the desired shape , and then dunking it in cold water to make it hold the new position . I had to do this for the bow of the Skeleton Archer .
Getting started is probably the most difficult part of this process , in more ways than one . First , learning and comparing different products to initially order can be time consuming and confusing . Second , the actual act of starting your first miniature painting can be awkward and almost aimless . What should I use to hold the figure up ? How should I hold it ? Am I getting adequate light ? Which colors and layers should I do first ? In fact , miniature figures live up to their name . The first time you hunch over your miniature figure to start painting you 'll realize how small it actually is and you 'll get cross-eyed focusing on something so small and close to you . Nevertheless , these are all part of the learning curve .
The included instructional manual walks you step-by-step through the different techniques , colors necessary , and the rationale for the choices . In short , each figure will require a base layer , a wash , and highlights . The base layer requires at least two coats and is usually a color identifiable with the part or object you are painting . The base color should also be a color that can be darkened and lightened with subsequent layers . This means that you should avoid choosing pure black and pure white as your base layers because you can not go darker than black or lighter than white .
After the base layer comes the wash. As I have learned it , a wash is a darker tone of the base color that has been watered down . For example , where a gray base layer might require a consistency of one drop of paint to one drop of water , a wash will have a ratio of 1 drop of paint to 4-6 drops of water . The wash , as the name suggests , is a murky and watery mixture that should flow easily over the base layer . It should n't paint over the base layer , but instead give it an initial look of being darker and wet . The fluidity of the wash allows it to reach deep cracks and crevices which give detail to the figure . As the water dries , a thin and darker layer of paint will settle over the base layer . This is my most favorite part of the painting process because it really defines the details of each figure , giving each one a unique personality , whether it is softness , grit , or some other texture.It is this process that brings out the links of a chain mail , the fuzziness of a fur coat , the grain of wood , and the silkiness of capes . In the Skeleton Archer , the wash brought out the depth and spaces in the rib cage and fingers and the texture of the wooden bow .
The final step , according to the guide , is to bring back the darkened areas to the base color and to add highlights . The wash process traces out the crevices , but it also darkens the overall figure . A technique called drybrushing is employed . As the name suggests , drybrushing is a way of painting that requires as little amount of wet paint on the tip of the brush as possible . Unlike the previous steps where the paint flows and sticks to the figure , dry brushing limits the amount of paint that goes on the surface of the figure . This process prevents the highlights from seeping back into the details and undoing what the wash produced . Additionally , this step allows you to pick and choose areas of the figure which may be exposed to more light than others . The highlights are applied with a lighter tone of the base layer in certain areas of the figure to suggest a source of light , generally above the figure . For example , the top part of a steel helmet , shoulder pads , or armor might be receiving more light , making them look lighter or brighter .
After finishing the Skeleton Archer , I started to work on the Orc Marauder . This figure will challenge you to be able to differentiate between different textures such as chain mail , fur , and leather . It also introduces a skin on a figure , albeit a green-colored skin . The picture here is an unfinished Orc Marauder . I got as far as doing the base layer and the washes for the whole figure . I did some minor highlights on the skin , specifically the arms and the chest . The rest of the figure will look dark due to the dark wash . I really wanted to paint my Star Wars : Imperial Assault Stormtroopers , and I could n't resist it any longer . The Force was too strong . Naturally , this means that the Silver Armor Knight has yet to meet a paintbrush , but it will in due time .
So what can I say about this Learn to Paint Kit ? I can say after working on only one and a half figures ( not even completing a second one ) by just following the rules included in the kit , I felt confident enough to put that project on hold and jump onto the real motivation for this hobby : Star Wars : Imperial Assault .
The components are durable and versatile , and the techniques you 'll learn will be invaluable . Do n't even buy a new set of brushes , because I did , and the new ones bent at the tip . I am back to just using the regular ones that came with the kit , and they have been great and reliable . Just make sure to wash them thoroughly after each and every session .
If you want to get a sneak preview of what miniature figure painting is like , this is a great starter set . If you would like to take your painting to the next level , especially with non-Reaper figures , you might want to invest in some additional equipment . This will include a primer and some kind of varnish . I paint on my desk at home and did not want to airbrush my primer or use primer that came in a spray can . I chose Vallejo 's White Brush-on Primer and it has been terrific for my figures . In addition , I purchased two varnishes , Vallejo 's Matt Varnish and Gloss Varnish . These two varnishes allow me to seal and protect my figures with a matte look or with a glossy look ( which seems to be common in the Star Wars Universe ) . Lastly , I bought The Masters Brush Cleaner and Preserver to help clean my brushes after each session and conditions the bristles while they are in storage . This is definitely not a necessity , but it is nice to have .
So would I recommend this kit to people interested in painting miniature figures ? HECK YEAH I would ! So check out Reaper Bones Learn to Paint Kit or share your experiences with it . While you wait for it to arrive at your house , I will be posting progress pictures on my Star Wars : Imperial Assault figures .
Share this if you liked it !
Advertisements
BREVARD COUNTY , Fla. - Florida Highway Patrol troopers are looking for the driver of a truck who hit and killed a motorcyclist and then took off .
Troopers said the accident happened at U.S. 192 and Knotty Pine Road in Melbourne around 6:15 p.m. Saturday .
Troopers said a 25-year-old from Palm Bay was west on 192 when 50-year-old Timothy Robinson , who was riding a bike , crossed in front of the motorcyclist .
The pair collided in the road , and as they were laying in the roadway , the motorcyclist was run over by someone driving a pickup truck .
Troopers said the motorcycle driver , who is not being identified yet , was killed .
Robinson was taken to Holmes Regional Medical Center where he later died .
Troopers said someone came forward Sunday evening believing they may have been involved in the accident .
Troopers said they have the SUV in their possession and are continuing their investigation .
Copyright 2013 by ClickOrlando.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Beau Bullock and Michael Felch//
Source : https : //chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-calendar-by-google/gmbgaklkmjakoegficnlkhebmhkjfich
Overview
Google Calendar is one of the many features provided to those who sign up for a Google account along with other popular services such as Gmail and Google Drive . Following email , the calendar is probably the second most used pieces of productivity software in an enterprise . It allows employees to schedule out the work week so that things can actually get accomplished . Google has an interesting feature that automatically adds various events to your calendar . If your Google account receives an email stating you have booked flights , reservations for a dinner , or even movie tickets , Google will automatically add these events to your calendar .
Black Hills Information Security took a deeper look at how these events were being generated . BHIS discovered that it was not required to send an email to a target to create an event on their calendar . Additionally , there are security controls that can be enabled on a Google account that attempt to prevent this from happening , but BHIS discovered bypasses to these controls . In this post BHIS will discuss this “ Event Injection ” vulnerability , the risks associated with it , and how to exploit it using MailSniper .
Black Hills Information Security reported this issue to Google . See the section titled “ Timeline of Disclosure ” below for details .
History
We were working on a red team assessment for a customer that we knew was going to be tough . It was discovered that this customer was utilizing G Suite For Business , which is one of Google 's offerings for enterprise customers who would like to have their enterprise email and other services hosted by Google . Knowing this , we wanted to take a different approach to how we were going to attempt red teaming the environment .
A few months earlier one of us had something interesting happen . A Google event notification popped up on the calendar stating that a booked flight was departing in 10 minutes . This was not a flight that the BHIS employee had booked . Opening up the event and checking where the source of the event creation came from , it was discovered that the event was generated from an email that had been sent . A coworker had sent their flight itinerary in an email , and Google thought these details were a different BHIS employee 's itinerary , and automatically added it to their calendar .
In researching how these events were being generated it was discovered that an email was n't even necessary to create an event in someone 's calendar . This can be very easily done manually through the Google Calendar UI . When you create an event and add guests , Google will ask you whether you would like to send invitations to the guests after saving it . Simply selecting “ Do n't Send ” will save the event to the guest 's calendar if it is a Google account and not send them an email .
BHIS thought this could provide a very interesting situation for phishing users of a G Suite environment . As most users have been trained to spot phishing links in emails , and Google itself has a few protections against phishing Gmail users , we thought focusing on social engineering users through Calendar event may be more successful .
Event Injection & Social Engineering
Possibly the most interesting element of the calendar is that it can create a sense of urgency simply by alerting a user to something . Perhaps the user completely “ forgot ” they had a meeting scheduled . If someone has their Google account linked to their phone it is possible to generate an alert for an event directly on their phone as well as email to their account . When it comes to the ruse that is used the skies are limitless . One ruse we had great success with for this particular red team assessment was an “ All Hands Meeting ” that was happening in 10 minutes . In the body of the event we included text pointing the victim to an agenda that was required to be read before the meeting .
The site linked in the body of the event hosted a fake Google authentication page that captured their credentials and redirected the user to the fake agenda ( more on that fake authentication page using CredSniper in part II of this post ) . This method proved to be highly successful .
Invoke-InjectGEvent & Invoke-InjectGEventAPI
New modules have been added to MailSniper for injecting events into target calendars . The first method ( Invoke-InjectGEvent ) only requires a set of Google account credentials . The second method ( Invoke-InjectGEventAPI ) we 'll discuss involves connecting directly to the Google API . To use MailSniper to inject events into a Google calendar first import MailSniper.ps1 ( https : //github.com/dafthack/MailSniper ) into a PowerShell session .
PS C > Import-Module MailSniper.ps1
Next , you will need a Google account . If you are attempting to social engineer an organization , a potential idea would be to perform some reconnaissance on the target organization , find an employee of high rank , and sign up for a Gmail account under a similar name . This way when the target sees the event pop up in their calendar the organizer 's name looks somewhat familiar . Those credentials can then be used with the Invoke-InjectGEvent module as follows :
PS C > Invoke-InjectGEvent -EmailAddress ‘ emailaddressofattacker @ gmail.com ' -Password ‘ attackerpassword ' -EventTitle ‘ Title of Event ' -EventLocation ‘ https : //global.gotomeeting.com/join/123456890 ' -EventDescription ‘ Summary of the event ... Maybe include link to a fake Google Auth Page ' -StartDateTime 20171031T160000 -EndDateTime 20171031T163000 -Targets ‘ victim @ gmail.com '
This will create an event in the target 's calendar provided they have n't disabled the “ automatic event add ” feature that we 'll discuss more in a moment .
There are a few settings that can be set within Google Calendar to prevent events from automatically being added to the calendar . The first setting is called “ Events from Gmail ” and there is a checkbox called “ Add automatically ” . If this checkbox is checked then Google will automatically add events from emails sent to a Gmail account ( similar to the flight itinerary mentioned above ) .
The second setting is called “ Automatically add invitations to my calendar ” . There are three options here including :
Yes
Yes , but do n't send event notifications unless I have responded “ Yes ” or “ Maybe ”
No , only show invitations to which I have responded .
With the first setting this only prevents events from being added if the sender actually sends you an email invitation . Simply performing the manual steps listed earlier to create a calendar entry without sending a notification still works there . The second setting is a bit more interesting . There is an option that states “ No , only show invitations to which I have responded ” . This prevents the first method of injecting events from working . However , BHIS found that it is possible to set the target 's response status to “ Accepted ” using the Google API . This effectively bypasses this security setting .
A module called Invoke-InjectGEventAPI has been added to MailSniper for injecting these types of events via the Google API . In order to connect to the Google API there are a few steps that must be taken first to get an API Access token .
A. Login to Google using the account you want to inject the event as .
B . Go to https : //console.developers.google.com/flows/enableapi ? apiid=calendar & pli=1 .
C. Create/select a Project and agree to ToS and continue .
D. Click “ Go to Credentials ” .
E. On the “ Add credentials to your project ” page click cancel .
F. At the top of the page , select the “ OAuth consent screen ” tab . Select an Email address , enter a Product name if not already set , and click the Save button .
G. Select the Credentials tab , click the Create credentials button and select OAuth client ID .
H. Select the application type Web application , under “ Authorized redirect URIs ” paste in the following address : https : //developers.google.com/oauthplayground ” . Then , click the Create button .
I . Copy your “ Client ID ” and “ Client Secret ” .
J. Navigate here : https : //developers.google.com/oauthplayground/ .
K. Click the “ gear icon ” in the upper right corner and check the box to “ Use your own OAuth credentials ” . Enter the OAuth2 client ID and OAuth2 client secret in the boxes .
L. Make sure that “ OAuth flow ” is set to Server-side , and “ Access Type ” is set to offline .
M. Select the “ Calendar API v3 ” dropdown and click both URLs to add them to scope . Click Authorize APIs .
N. Select the account you want to authorize , then click Allow . ( If there is an error such as “ Error : redirect_uri_mismatch ” then it 's possible the changes have n't propagated yet . Just wait a few minutes , hit the back button and try to authorize again . ) .
O . You should now be at “ Step 2 : Exchange authorization code for tokens. ” Click the “ Exchange authorization code for tokens button ” . The “ Access token ” is item we need for accessing the API . Copy the value of the “ Access token ” .
Now that you have a Google account that can access the Google API you can use the MailSniper module Invoke-InjectGEventAPI to inject an event bypassing the security settings mentioned previously . Take note that the “ Access token ” expires after 3600 seconds . A module for refreshing this token is planned to be added into MailSniper soon , but simply clicking the “ Refresh access token ” button shown in the previous screenshot will generate a new one .
After importing MailSniper into a PowerShell session as previously shown the following command can be used to inject an event into a target 's calendar using the Google API .
PS C > Invoke-InjectGEventAPI -PrimaryEmail your-api-email-address @ gmail.com -AccessToken 'Insert your access token here ' -Targets `` CEOofEvilCorp @ gmail.com , CTOofEvilCorp @ gmail.com , CFOofEvilCorp.com '' -StartDateTime 2017-10-22T17:20:00 -EndDateTime 2017-10-22T17:30:00 -EventTitle `` All Hands Meeting '' -EventDescription `` Please review the agenda at the URL below prior to the meeting . https : //definitelynotmalicious.com '' -EventLocation `` Interwebz ''
The reason this bypasses the security setting is due to the fact that the Google API has a writable property on events called attendees [ ] .responseStatus that can be set to ‘ accepted ' . Setting this when creating an event effectively makes it appear that a target has already accepted the event .
Conclusion
As of the date this blog was posted it is possible to inject events into Google calendars without a victim being able to prevent it . Additionally , it is not necessary for an email invitation to be sent for that event , so it 's possible to directly inject events into a Google user 's calendar without them ever receiving a notification . This presents a very unique opportunity for social engineering Google users . Black Hills Information Security reported this issue to Google . See the section titled “ Timeline of Disclosure ” below for details .
Stay tuned for part II of this post where we discuss CredSniper , a brand-new framework for phishing Google users including the capture of various two-factor authentication tokens .
Timeline of Disclosure
Oct 9 – BHIS discloses event injection with and without Calendar API to Google
Oct 9 – Google sends automated response
Oct 10 – Google triaged report
Oct 17 – Google release Calendar update ( silently adds Calendar setting to disable injection )
https : //blog.google/products/g-suite/time-refresh-introducing-new-look-and-features-google-calendar-web/
No updates to BHIS initial report
Oct 27 – BHIS publicly discloses event injection at WWHF
Oct 31 – Google responds stating it 's a feature and the settings provide users the ability to disable
Oct 31 – BHIS updates Google with step-by-step procedures to bypass settings
A 48-year-old Galway man has been charged with 185 counts of rape of three of his daughters over a 17-year period .
Athenry District Court was told that 140 of the charges relate to one daughter between 1991 and 2008 .
A further 24 charges of rape relate to a second daughter and are alleged to have occurred between 1991 and 1996 .
Another 21 charges of rape relate to a third daughter and are alleged to have occurred between 1991 and 1996 .
The man and his wife , who can not be named for legal reasons , have already been charged with 30 counts of abuse and neglect of their children .
Ten of the charges are for rape of four of his daughters between 1997 and 2009 .
Judge Joseph Mangan refused bail and remanded the man in custody to appear at Harristown Dist Court in Co Roscommon next Friday .
The man 's wife was remanded in custody on to appear at Ennis District Court on 22 January .
One Mass Effect super fan spent the last year and a half fixing BioWare 's ME3 ending .
Mass Effect 3 was an unexpectedly controversial game . Fans of the series were famously upset by the title 's ending and spent months articulating their complaints online . But even after the entire internet wagged an angry finger at BioWare , the developer stood behind the title . However , one fan took it upon himself to correct BioWare 's mistakes .
For the last year and a half , Gerry Pugliese has been rewriting Mass Effect 3 's ending . The finished product , called Mass Effect 3 : Vindication , is 539 pages long and 118,000 words . The length is a testament to his self-discipline and lack of respect for BioWare 's original script .
Vindication adds new missions , revises many of the in-game relationships , and adds several new enemy types . It even includes a DLC proposal and a collection of concept art .
Perhaps the most impressive part of the whole endeavor , though , is that Pugliese 's script manages to stay grounded in BioWare 's original concept . He does , however , spend a great deal of time deconstructing the game 's ending and rebuilding it in his own vision .
Originally , Mass Effect 3 only included three endings , but Vindication 's ending is based on a complex branching system that depends on a number of factors . And each ending is drastically different from the others .
If you 'd like to check out Mass Effect 3 : Vindication , the script is freely available . But this time you 're probably not allowed to complain if it 's not what you were hoping for .
Who am I kidding ? No one can stop you from complaining on the internet .
Update : Mr. Pugliese was kind enough to answer a few of my questions via email . Throughout the entire exchange , he was surprisingly laid-back and gracious . This has been a massive undertaking , but his head is n't ballooning by the attention that Vindication has received .
Surprisingly , this is the first time he 's attempted to tackle this kind of project . `` I 've never done anything like this before , '' he said . `` I 've had multiple 'projects ' in my life . I 'm always trying to improve myself , test my metal , and show people what I can do . Give me a few months and I 'll likely be neck-deep in something else . Although , I 'd prefer to give that energy to a gaming company , which by now , should be obvious . ''
In Gerry 's mind , the project is finished , but this does n't necessarily mean that revisions are out of the question . `` Sure , '' he says , `` if you give me a couple more months , I could revise some things , and add more content . I would probably put stuff in that I cut . I had a revision for the Leviathan DLC where Leviathan gives Shepard a new power called 'Reaper Domination , ' which would allow Shepard to take control of Reaper forces , a lot like Morinth 's Domination ability . I cut it because I figured that would be a weird power for a rough-and-tough Soldier character class to have . ''
But that 's all gravy compared to the central focus of his project : fixing Mass Effect 's indefensible ending . `` The most unforgivable parts of Mass Effect 3 , '' he explains , `` and , sadly , they 're the easiest to point out are : the Rachni being alive even if you killed them in Mass Effect 1 , Anderson not being Councilor if you picked him in ME1 , and handing , or not handing , over the Collector Base to Cerberus in Mass Effect 2 . '' Obviously , though , those were n't his only issues with the game .
So , what 's next for Gerry Pugliese ? He 's not exactly sure . `` Honestly , '' he says , `` I 'm not sure what I 'll do on the weekend now that ME3V is finished . I hear tiddlywinks is a lot of fun . ''
Source : Forbes
Portman and Ayotte pushed the opposition movement over the top.| John Shinkle/POLITICO , AP Law of the Sea treaty sinks in Senate
It appears the Law of the Sea treaty is dead in the water – at least in this Congress .
Two Republican senators declared their opposition on Monday to the international agreement , bringing the total number of Senate opponents to 34 – enough to sink the measure . A two-thirds majority of 67 votes was required for ratification .
Story Continued Below
Sens . Kelly Ayotte ( R-N.H. ) and Rob Portman ( R-Ohio ) pushed the opposition movement over the top , citing concerns about U.S. sovereignty .
In a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( R-Nev. ) , the two Armed Services Committee members declared : “ No international organization owns the seas . ”
“ We are confident that our nation will continue to protect its navigational freedom , valid territorial claims and other maritime rights , ” they said .
The treaty , established in the early 1980s to govern the use of international waterways and undersea resources , has eluded Congress for decades , despite repeated attempts to ratify it amid strong support among Pentagon commanders .
The latest attempt was spearheaded by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry ( D-Mass . ) , who scheduled a series of hearings on the issue over the past three months . And on Monday , a Kerry spokeswoman signaled the senator still plans to push for ratification – but not until after the Nov. 3 elections .
“ It 's not news to anyone that right now we 're in the middle of a white-hot political campaign season , where ideology is running in overdrive , ” Kerry spokeswoman Jodi Seth said in a statement . “ No letter or whip count changes the fact that rock-ribbed Republican businesses and the military and every living Republican secretary of state say that this needs to happen . ”
In May , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeared before the committee to urge ratification . “ We are the only permanent member of the U.N. Security Council that is not a party to it , ” Panetta said in his prepared testimony . “ This puts us at a distinct disadvantage when it comes to disputes over maritime rights . ”
Over the past several weeks , Ayotte and Portman – both believed to be on presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's short list of potential running mates – were targeted by conservative advocacy groups , including Heritage Action for America , in a lobbying push to scuttle the treaty . And on Monday , Heritage put out a celebratory statement heralding the treaty 's apparent demise .
“ America had little to gain through accession to the Law of the Sea Treaty – but much to lose , ” said the group 's CEO , Michael Needham .
A shocking CCTV footage has emerged showing a 26-year-old woman throwing her two-year-old son off a staircase from the first floor of her house in a fit of rage . The incident was reported from southeast Delhi 's Pul Prahladpur area on January 24 .
Following a complaint from the kid 's father , Nitin Gupta , a businessman , the police have registered a case under Section 308 of the IPC ( attempt to commit culpable homicide ) against the woman , identified as Sonu Gupta .
The footage accessed from two CCTV cameras installed inside their house shows Sonu sitting on her bed , fighting with her in-laws , while her child , Anshu , was sleeping beside her .
As the recording proceeds , the woman is seen getting hysterical . She throws things around , picks up her child , goes to the staircase and throws him off . Her in-laws then go down to save the child .
According to the police , the child has sustained severe injuries on his head and face .
While the recording shows that the incident happened on January 11 around 4pm , the complaint was filed to the police 12 days later on January 24 .
DCP southeast Romil Baniya confirmed the incident . “ On January 24 , we received a call from Nitin Gupta saying that his wife threw his son off the staircase . We recorded his statement and took the child for medical examination at AIIMS trauma centre . A case was immediately registered against Sonu Gupta and the investigation is on . ”
Although the footage shows the woman committing the crime , no arrest has been made in the case yet .
Sources said that the woman was called for questioning but she did not open up about the incident . “ Though it appears that she did it in a fit of rage , the motive is still unclear , ” a police officer said .
Police said that they will be checking the woman 's medical history as her in-laws have alleged that she is short-tempered and often threw a fit . They have stated that Sonu often picked up fights on petty issues and went out of control .
“ These claims have , however , not yet been verified . It is also possible that the in-laws are trying to frame her . We are looking into the matter and appropriate action will be taken soon . The woman is being counselled , ” a senior police official said .
First Published : Jan 27 , 2017 07:07 IST
It is safe to say that Margaret Howe Lovatt will from here on out be known as the woman who had “ sex ” with a dolphin .
This week , the media went nuts over revelations in a BBC documentary about Lovatt 's interactions with a male dolphin during a NASA-funded experiment in the 1960s . “ He would rub himself on my knee , my foot or my hand and I allowed that , ” she said . `` I was n't uncomfortable , as long as it was n't too rough . It was just easier to incorporate that and let it happen . '' Eventually , it became routine . `` It would just become part of what was going on , like an itch , just get rid of that scratch and we would be done and move on , ” she said . During the segment , a narrator intones , `` Margaret felt the best way of focusing his mind back on the lessons was to relieve his desires herself , manually . '' She makes sure to clarify : `` It was sexual on his part , it was not sexual on mine -- sensual perhaps . ''
Advertisement :
Then came the headlines . `` Woman reveals sex with dolphin . '' `` The woman who lived in sin with a dolphin . '' `` The dolphin who loved me . '' `` This Woman Jerked Off A Dolphin -- And Liked It ! '' `` Scientist Says Relationship With Dolphin Was 'Sensuous . ' '' `` Woman waxes poetic about giving precious , sensual hand-jobs to a dolphin . '' `` ' I had a sexual relationship with a dolphin ' '' ( despite the quotes , she never actually said that ) .
Judging from the collective horrified response , you would think that a human giving a handy to an animal was an aberrant , unthinkable act . But such fondling is n't unheard of in the realm of animal research .
There are two major published examples . The first : In 1970 , anthropologist Francis Burton published `` Sexual Climax in female Macaca mulatta . '' She wanted to answer the question of whether female monkeys experienced orgasm . Burton placed the primates in dog harnesses and cat collars to restrict their movement . Then the researcher put a “ penis-simulator ” into “ the animal 's vagina with vaseline as lubricant , ” and moved it at a pace of two to five thrusts a second . Burton was n't able to definitively conclude that female monkeys could orgasm , but she did identify an excitement , plateau and resolution phase , as Masters and Johnson had identified in humans .
“ I think in the field it is generally thought that a similar study would never get through an institutional animal use and care committee , ” says Kim Wallen , a psychology professor at Emory University who specializes in primate sexual behavior .
The second case is that of psychologist Frank Beach and his research on beagles in the '80s . “ Most of the work he did was behavioral , looking at the effects of prenatal androgens on sexual differentiation , but some of his treated animals were unable to copulate and he wanted to know if they showed normal genital reflexes , even though they did not copulate , ” says Wallen . So , he masturbated the dogs and observed their responses .
There are more recent , although also less formal , examples . In Daniel Bergner 's “ What Do Women Want ? , ” he details a demonstration made by a graduate student of researcher Jim Pfaus :
Advertisement :
The student picked up a female rat and , with a tiny brush , stroked the clitoris , which protruded from the genitalia like a little eraser head . She stroked a few times , then put the animal back down in her cage . Swiftly the creature poked her nose out of the open door . She clamped her teeth on the white sleeve of the student 's lab coat and tugged the woman 's hand inside the cage . The student brushed the rat 's clitoris again , set her down again . And again the rodent bit into the sleeve , pulling , communicating unmistakably what she craved . This went on and on and on .
In the field of sex work , these are exceptional cases . Truth is , these hands-on techniques have a far more common , everyday application : the breeding of animals . How else do you think semen samples are collected ? Manual stimulation is the most common way , according to `` The Encyclopedia of Animal Science . '' Elephant semen is collected with the help of a hand shoved up their rear to stimulate their prostate . Should you wish to see it , there are YouTube videos available of a trainer at Sea World masturbating a killer whale 's enormous pink schlong , a man getting handsy with an echidna 's four-headed penis , a dog being jerked off by a prim-looking middle-aged woman -- and so many others . It 's like the Noah 's Ark of human-animal hand jobs . These cases do n't make headlines -- but allowing a dolphin to hump your foot until he ejaculates does .
I asked Wallen why it 's considered acceptable to manually stimulate animals in order to collect semen for breeding purposes when the same behavior is often forbidden in a research context . “ It is strange , is n't it , that masturbation for commerce is seen as normal and appropriate , but masturbation where its end point is sexual arousal is not , ” said Wallen . Sex has an uncanny way of revealing the inconsistencies in our thinking . “ I have always suspected that it reflects the odd feelings we have about sexual pleasure , '' says Wallen . `` It is not pleasure in general , but specifically sexual pleasure. ” It 's an important distinction : We think nothing of scratching under a cat 's chin while it purrs , of course , but look askance at a human stimulating a cat in heat . ( Although -- surprise ! -- there are videos of people doing that on YouTube too . ) As Lovatt learned this week , sex is one arena where nuance is forbidden .
As many as 100 raucous cops turned up at midnight at the Bronx DA 's Office , screaming their support for 15 fellow officers who were scheduled to surrender in the NYPD ticket-fixing scandal .
A 16th cop was arrested earlier last night .
By 1:30 a.m. today , all had turned themselves in .
Their brother officers loudly applauded them as they walked into the building . They also jeered Internal Affairs detectives , whose investigation led to the indictments .
“ You p—–s , '' shouted one cop at the IAB contingent .
One cop , José Ramos , was arrested at around 8 p.m. last night at his Washington Heights home , said his lawyer , John Sandleitner .
Ramos ' wife , Wanda Abreu , was also taken into custody .
The charges against them were n't immediately clear .
Thirteen cops , one lieutenant and two sergeants face possible charges including obstruction , official misconduct , perjury and bribery .
“ They 're anxious to get in there and prove their innocence , ” one source said .
Prosecutors are expected to unseal indictments , totaling about 1,000 pages with nearly 1,500 criminal counts , against the officers and five civilians today at an arraignment before Criminal Court Judge Steven Barrett , a source said .
The DA 's Office released a statement to The Associated Press , stating that the indictments will include “ allegations of police corruption covering a broad spectrum of crimes . ”
The cops were indicted on Sept. 23 , and had been nervously cooling their heels since , waiting for the DA to take action .
Lawyers for the officers were notified starting at around 2:30 p.m. yesterday of the impending arrests , prompting them to hastily arrange for their clients ' surrender , the source said .
At least one also may face charges of profiting from drug sales as well as taking electronics in exchange for fixing traffic and parking tickets .
Of the rank-and-file cops , three are union trustees and six are union delegates , law enforcement sources said .
On wiretaps already played for a grand jury , at least some of the officers reportedly are heard discussing fixing tickets for family , friends and even a Yankee executive — and also making DWI and reported domestic dispute incidents disappear .
Sources said the cops to be charged with misdemeanors are expected to be released without bail . Those charged with felonies will have to post bail .
One of the cops involved is 40th Precinct Sgt . Jacob Solorzano , a source confirmed .
Ramos , who was Solorzano 's NYPD officer driver , sparked the probe back in 2009 when—already under investigation for alleged ties to a drug dealer — he was heard on a wiretap talking to a friend about fixing a ticket .
The highest ranking cop under investigation is Lt. Jennara Everleth Cobb of Internal Affairs . She is accused of leaking information about the probe to Bronx cops .
A source said the indictment of Sgt . Marc Manara had been surprising since there had been little previous indication that he was involved .
Other prominent names caught up in the probe include PBA trustees Brian McGuckin , Michael Hernandez and Joseph Anthony .
The other cops were identified by sources as Virgilio Bencosme , Christopher Scott , Luis Rodriguez , Christopher Manzi , Eugene O'Reilly , Jaime Payan , Jeffrey Regan , Ruben Peralta and Jason Cenizal .
Additional reporting by Kirstan Conley and C.J . Sullivan
douglas.montero @ nypost.com
Hillary Clinton , a wonkish disliked Democrat with an “ I 'm better than the other option ” approach , might be looking for some help from an unlikely source : the owner of the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks .
According to Mark Cuban , Mavericks owner and star on ABC 's Shark Tank , Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign has been trying for the past month to schedule a meeting with him . It 's no surprise : Cuban—who not too long ago called Trump “ probably the best thing to happen to politics in a long , long time ” —is a high-profile celebrity who has lately grown increasingly critical of Trump , this month likening him to a “ guy who 'll walk into the bar and say anything to get laid . ”
Clinton 's aides initially attempted to connect with the outspoken businessman roughly a month ago , he says , simply for a general conversation . But the Clinton campaign also apparently reached out to Cuban on Sunday , two days after a widely circulated online Meet the Press clip posted showing the billionaire with a boyish haircut saying that he 'd be willing to consider the vice-presidential slot on her ticket .
“ Someone who works directly for me used to work in the White House , ” Cuban told The Daily Beast , explaining how the campaign got in touch . “ They reached out to [ my employee ] to see if a meeting with someone in her camp could be set up . Did n't say who [ or ] when . ”
Cuban then added that he did n't want to “ overstate any intent ” —just that Team Hillary is apparently interested in a sit-down ; there was no specification that the conversation would be about the VP position .
Clinton , for her part , said in a Meet the Press segment that aired Sunday that she “ appreciate [ s ] his openness ” to the running-mate question . ( The Clinton campaign did not respond to The Daily Beast 's multiple requests for comment on this story . )
Cuban , however , is n't holding his breath to join such names as Joe Biden , Dan Quayle , and Dick Cheney in the annals of vice-presidential history .
“ It could end up being nothing , ” Cuban conceded .
Regardless , this wo n't stop the wave of “ Mark Cuban for VP ” speculation in the national media .
“ Imagine Mark Cuban as the country 's No . 2 , ” The Boston Globe wrote . “ Add billionaire Mark Cuban to those who now want to be president , ” declared RedState . “ How Mark Cuban could balance the ticket as Hillary Clinton 's veep , ” The Indianapolis Star mused .
So how the hell did we get here ? In a presidential election dominated by news of one flamboyant billionaire shaking up the system and wreaking havoc , it 's perhaps only natural that another flamboyant billionaire be floated ( even incredulously ) as a possible vice-presidential contender .
But over the years , Cuban has positioned himself as something of a part-time political commentator and anti-establishment straight-talker ( not unlike The Donald ) . He is a fairly regular presence on HBO 's Real Time with Bill Maher , and here he is on CNN in late 2011 talking about how taxing the rich wo n't tank the American economy :
And in the past year , Cuban has managed to inject himself into the circus of the presidential election and American politics , both Democratic and Republican , insisting that he would be a superior candidate to either Trump or Clinton .
“ Maybe I 'll run for Speaker of the House , ” Cuban tweeted back in October , to some media hoopla . “ Can I convince 200+ politicians to write me in ? Constitution says I can try . ”
And nearly a year before Cuban publicly entertained the premise of being Hillary 's running mate , he was already showing interest in a Trump–Cuban ticket .
“ Would I consider ? Yes , ” Cuban told Business Insider last July . Yet now , he considers Trump 's impact as an indicator that he himself could succeed in presidential politics—though he does n't view the real estate mogul as a role model .
“ Of course I would accept the meeting [ with Clinton ] , ” Cuban told The Daily Beast . “ As I would with Trump . ”
“ There is so much partisan and tribal politics , from not just those seeking office but potential voters as well , that we never get real attempts at solutions to problems , ” Cuban explained .
“ I think I can push at least a tiny bit more discussion around the issues , ” he continued . “ More depth , less dogma . I 'm not suggesting I 'm going to have some earth-shattering impact , but there is no one acting as a stalking horse for solutions . Maybe I can create some discussion that helps the process . ”
Unsurprisingly , Cuban has long identified as a political independent . He has contributed to members of both parties . He is socially liberal and open to progressive taxation , and yet he sings the praises of Objectivist icon Ayn Rand . In recent weeks , # NeverTrump-type Republicans have even tried behind-the-scenes to recruit Cuban into launching a third-party presidential bid this year , in a last-ditch attempt to kneecap Team Trump .
Cuban quickly dismissed the idea as unrealistic—but that 's not to say he is n't open to a White House bid in the near future . After all , he has already played the president in a Sharknado sequel .
As for running in 2020 , Cuban simply told The Daily Beast , “ I go back and forth on it . ”
“ It 's not a decision to take lightly , ” he concluded .
This article contains spoilers for the entire Brothers in Arms franchise .
I was n't sick of World War II shooters when they fell by the wayside and were replaced by the modern military FPS . Whilst interim titles such as Red Orchestra and Sniper Elite have excelled in their niches they did n't feature the story-led set pieces I loved .
My tastes have changed in the last five years and my cynicism towards the “ dudebro ” attitude of some modern shooters has extended back to WWII shooters . Even in the classic Call of Duty and Medal of Honor titles there is a dissonance between the realities of war and the tropes of video games . Classical music and historical themes only go so far when the bulk of the gameplay sticks to “ kill everyone speaking German ” . World War II games never got an ‘ anti-shooter ' like Spec Ops : The Line to be contrasted with . There was no game to point to and say “ that one is special and different , It 's critical of the genre . Hey , why do n't you try to be special and different too ? ”
There was , however , a series that lay somewhere between a typical shooter and an ‘ anti-shooter ' : Brothers in Arms .
A cynical view of Brothers in Arms is that it 's just Band of Brothers : The Game . It followed the same division through the same battles and even used the same actor for one character . This Gearbox Software franchise attempted to add the same level of authenticity to its characters and largely succeeded . Whilst the first two games are both strong shooters it was the third installment , Hell 's Highway , released in 2008 , that tried to further develop the series with more complex motifs and stands out from other shooters released at that time .
The core theme of Hell 's Highway is guilt . The protagonist of the series , Matt Baker , feels responsible for the men lost under his command in the previous games and the cracks are starting to show . Three deaths and the lies he told to cover up their causes particularly haunt him .
Whilst on patrol during the Normandy invasions an argument between two characters , Leggett and Allen , catches the attention of a German patrol . A brief and brutal struggle sees Allen and another squadmate , Garnett , both dead whilst Leggett stood frozen in fear throughout . Discovering this situation Baker attempts to conceal the facts and orders Leggett not to mention it to anyone . Unable to live with the knowledge that he just stood there whilst his friends died Leggett later exposes himself to German gunfire screaming “ just fucking take me ” .
The deaths of these three men and Legget in particular are a constant talking point throughout the story and there are attempts to bring this into the gameplay . Through Baker 's perspective an ever growing imprint of Leggett can be found throughout the game . What begins with a pair of round glasses on a table or floating by in a river escalates into flashbacks and ‘ ghosts ' cropping up in a firefight .
The subtlety with which this is carried out varies , some elements are tied into cutscenes whilst others have to be precisely sought out . One particular sighting , a screaming ghost of Legget in a graveyard , only appears in the middle of a raging gunfight and is easily missed and another requires you to peer through a hole in the walls of an abandoned hospital .
As the game progresses Baker starts shooting at German soldiers that are n't there and in one episode finds himself facing execution at Leggett 's hands . Revealing the truth of the deaths to his men does little to clear his conscience and severely damages his relationship with some of them . Baker 's superiors also seem to take little interest in his mental state and given the precarious situation of Operation Market Garden they order him to continue his command regardless . The execution of this psychological trauma is engaging but the finale is problematic .
The closing moments of Hell 's Highway do nothing to allay concerns for Baker 's metal health , nor is his guilt absolved . His final confrontation with Leggett 's ‘ ghost ' sees Baker taunted about his failings and alludes to coming misfortune with the question : “ You 've made it through hell , how do you feel about snow ? ”
A likely reference to the Battle of the Bulge , an upcoming major campaign of the war that the 101 Airborne participated in , a clear lead in for a sequel but a line that does n't fit with the imagery of guilt so far . The Bulge campaign is over two months away , either this hallucination is a something closer to an omniscient spirit tormenting Baker or the developers crudely adapted this plot element to tease the next game . The latter is the simplest answer but Hell 's Highway also features spiritual motifs that lend a tantalizing weight to the idea of supernatural undercurrents in the game .
The only encounter with organized religion in Hell 's Highway is when you demolish a church steeple and shoot through rows of pews to root out Nazis . Mentions of ‘ God ' are usually affixed to an expletive and the higher power in world of Baker 's squad is dark and ambiguous one . However , with a title like Hell 's Highway there is is an invitation to play with these themes and the game does so by taking the player into increasingly darker levels . The verdant Dutch countryside gives way to shadowed urban environments and then into dark levels full of burning buildings and vehicles .
The soldiers in Baker 's squad need something to blame for those lost in battle and they pick Baker 's pistol as the target . This innocuous Colt is wielded by Baker throughout the game but in previous entries is handled by six characters , including Leggett , who die holding it or shortly after . Baker eventually throws away this pistol in hopes of putting the rumours to rest . His soldiers buy into this apparent curse to varying extents but all of them talk about it with religious language . It cleverly parallels the “ no atheists in foxholes ” aphorism , belief in a higher power is n't just about hope and salvation , it comes hand in hand with belief in curses and damnation too . Baker himself wrestles with faith in his own way . When his close friend Hartsock is near death Baker silently pleads with a higher power that he is n't sure exists .
“ I 've demanded over and over : ‘ take me and not them ' , but no one is listening… You ca n't have him . ”
Whilst I praise Gearbox 's attempts to add this depth to the story of Hell 's Highway much of it is relegated to cutscenes and does n't cross over into gameplay and this is where the game falls short of being an ‘ anti-shooter ' . When Baker makes mistakes like shooting at hallucinated enemies or leading his men blindly into a perfect ambush spot , these are made outside the player 's control and none of the NPCs ever disobey the player despite their vocal lack of trust in Baker . The good guys vs bad guys theme of most WWII entertainment also means that there 's no Spec Ops : The Line twists to be had and no questions asked about the violence . The Germans in Hell 's Highway are typical ‘ baddies ' throughout and the only one that surrenders in the entire game is swiftly executed .
At a glance the violence in Hell 's Highway is typical of a modern shooter but after extended play a dissonance emerges . It 's actually a cover-based shooter with a puzzle game wrapped in it . Surviving each fight requires correctly timing suppression and movement orders combined with picking enemies off at a distance . There 's no close up throat-cutting or executions and being near an enemy usually results in a game over as there 's no melee button to mash . This aversion to close combat is a result of the game 's attempt to be authentic and not an aversion to revelling in gore . Hell 's Highway features a default-enabled ‘ action cam ' that zooms in on headshots and explosions to show you in slow-motion the shattered skulls and dismembered limbs of German soldiers . This not only shows off the then new Unreal Engine 3 in an exciting way but it acts as a reward for accurate shooting and grenade-throwing . Unfortunately this sits at odds to the tone of the rest of the game and is a killing blow to the idea that Hell 's Highway might actually be an ‘ anti-shooter ' .
Whilst it 's since been surpassed in acclaim and ability by the likes of Bioshock : Infinite and Spec Ops : The Line subjects like guilt , psychological trauma and religion were not tackled by shooters before Hell 's Highway . The game 's approach to these themes is n't always subtle and at times borders on cheap jump-scare horror . However , it 's commendable to see these themes developed over three games and to have the “ dudebro ” camaraderie of other shooters adapted into something more earnest and human . With a sequel planned there 's hope we 'll see further exploration of complex themes within the context of combat .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
For the first time in a quarter-century , the prospect of war—real war , war between the major powers—will be on the agenda of Western leaders when they meet at the NATO Summit in Warsaw , Poland , on July 8 and 9 . Dominating the agenda in Warsaw ( aside , of course , from the “ Brexit ” vote in the UK ) will be discussion of plans to reinforce NATO 's “ eastern flank ” —the arc of former Soviet partners stretching from the Baltic states to the Black Sea that are now allied with the West but fear military assault by Moscow . Until recently , the prospect of such an attack was given little credence in strategic circles , but now many in NATO believe a major war is possible and that robust defensive measures are required . Ad Policy
In what is likely to be its most significant move , the Warsaw summit is expected to give formal approval to a plan to deploy four multinational battalions along the eastern flank—one each in Poland , Lithuania , Latvia , and Estonia . Although not deemed sufficient to stop a determined Russian assault , the four battalions would act as a “ tripwire , ” thrusting soldiers from numerous NATO countries into the line of fire and so ensuring a full-scale , alliance-wide response . This , it is claimed , will deter Russia from undertaking such a move in the first place or ensure its defeat should it be foolhardy enough to start a war .
The United States , of course , is deeply involved in these initiatives . Not only will it supply many of the troops for the four multinational battalions , but it is also taking many steps of its own to bolster NATO 's eastern flank . Spending on the Pentagon 's “ European Reassurance Initiative ” will quadruple , climbing from $ 789 million in 2016 to $ 3.4 billion in 2017 . Much of this additional funding will go to the deployment , on a rotating basis , of an additional armored-brigade combat team in northern Europe .
As a further indication of US and NATO determination to prepare for a possible war with Russia , the alliance recently conducted the largest war games in Eastern Europe since the end of the Cold War . Known as Anakonda 2016 , the exercise involved some 31,000 troops ( about half of them Americans ) and thousands of combat vehicles from 24 nations in simulated battle maneuvers across the breadth of Poland . A parallel naval exercise , BALTOPS 16 , simulated “ high-end maritime warfighting ” in the Baltic Sea , including in waters near Kaliningrad , a heavily defended Russian enclave wedged between Poland and Lithuania .
All of this—the aggressive exercises , the NATO buildup , the added US troop deployments—reflects a new and dangerous strategic outlook in Washington . Whereas previously the strategic focus had been on terrorism and counterinsurgency , it has now shifted to conventional warfare among the major powers . “ Today 's security environment is dramatically different than the one we 've been engaged in for the last 25 years , ” observed Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter on February 2 , when unveiling the Pentagon 's $ 583 billion budget for fiscal year 2017 . Until recently , he explained , American forces had largely been primed to defeat insurgent and irregular forces , such as the Taliban in Afghanistan . Now , however , the Pentagon was being readied for “ a return to great-power competition , ” including the possibility of all-out combat with “ high-end enemies ” like Russia and China . By preparing for war , Washington and NATO are setting in motion forces that could achieve precisely that outcome .
The budgetary and force-deployment implications of this are enormous in their own right , but so is this embrace of “ great-power competition ” as a guiding star for US strategy . During the Cold War , it was widely assumed that the principal task of the US military was to prepare for all-out combat with the Soviet Union , and that such preparation must envision the likelihood of nuclear escalation . Since then , American forces have seen much horrible fighting in the Middle East and Afghanistan , but none of that has involved combat with another major power , and none entailed the risk of nuclear escalation—for which we should all be thankful . Now , however , Secretary Carter and his aides are seriously thinking about—and planning for—conflicts that would involve another major power and could escalate to the nuclear realm .
It 's hard to know where to begin when commenting on all this , given the atmosphere of Cold War hysteria . There is , first of all , the question of proportionality : are US and NATO moves on the eastern flank in keeping with the magnitude of the threat posed by Russia ? Russian intervention in Crimea and eastern Ukraine is certainly provocative and repugnant , but can not unequivocally be deemed a direct threat to NATO . Other Russian moves in the region , such as incursions by Russian ships and planes into the airspace and coastal waters of NATO members , are more worrisome , but appear to be more political messaging than a prelude to invasion . Basically , it 's very hard to imagine a scenario in which Russia would initiate an armed attack on NATO . LIKE THIS ? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
Then there is the matter of self-fulfilling prophecies . By announcing the return of great-power competition and preparing for a war with Russia , the United States and NATO are setting in motion forces that could , in the end , achieve precisely that outcome . This is not to say that Moscow is guiltless regarding the troubled environment along the eastern front , but surely Vladimir Putin has reason to claim that the NATO initiatives pose a substantially heightened threat to Russian security and so justify a corresponding Russian buildup . Any such moves will , of course , invite yet additional NATO deployments , followed by complementary Russian moves , and so on—until we 're right back in a Cold War–like situation .
Finally , there is the risk of accident , miscalculation , and escalation . This arises with particular severity in the case of US/NATO exercises on the edge of Russian territory , especially Kaliningrad . In all such actions , there is a constant danger that one side or the other will overreact to a perceived threat and take steps leading to combat and , conceivably , all-out war . When two Russian fighters flew within 30 feet of a US destroyer sailing in the Baltic Sea this past April , Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN that under US rules of engagement , the planes could have been shot down . Imagine where that could have led . Fortunately , the captain of the destroyer chose to exercise restraint and a serious incident was averted . But as more US and NATO forces are deployed on the edge of Russian territory and both sides engage in provocative military maneuvers , dangerous encounters of this sort are sure to increase in frequency , and the risk of their ending badly will only grow .
No doubt the NATO summit in Warsaw will be overshadowed to some degree by the UK 's Brexit vote and ensuing political turmoil in Europe . But as Western leaders settle down to business , they must not allow their inclination to “ demonstrate unity ” and “ act resolutely ” lead them to approve military moves that are inherently destabilizing . Surely it is possible to reassure the Baltic states and Poland without deploying many thousands of additional troops there and inviting an additional military buildup on the Russian side .
Kidney donation starts chain of events that saves seven lives in one day
Updated
A Victorian man 's altruistic kidney donation has started a chain of events that resulted in seven lives being saved on one day .
Last month , Australia 's largest ever paired kidney exchange took place which involved six hospitals across two states .
A stranger 's a mate that I have n't met yet . Paul Bannan
The record-breaking operation was made possible because of the generosity of Paul Bannan , 54 .
Mr Bannan was originally going to donate his kidney to a friend , but once that was not necessary , he decided to donate it to strangers who needed it .
The humble maintenance fitter from regional Victoria said he wanted to help others .
`` I have a saying : A stranger 's a mate that I have n't met yet , '' he said .
`` So somewhere along the line I 've helped a mate .
`` It 's a big influence on seven people , and that 's really great ... absolutely brilliant . ''
Usually a kidney donation occurs between two people who know each other .
But in the case of a paired kidney exchange , patients with willing donors who are incompatible swap donor kidneys .
Renal transplant surgeon Tim Furlong from the Royal Melbourne Hospital said the surgery was standard but the number of operations made it special .
`` It is a big deal . It 's one of the most [ important things ] that I can do in my job because there are so many people involved and because these patients in need are so difficult to transplant , '' he said .
People with kidney failure rely on a dialysis machine for life-saving treatment , but it does not provide a cure .
On average patients need treatment three times a week for the rest of their lives , restricting where they can work and travel .
`` It 's really , really good to be able to get them transplanted and off dialysis , '' Mr Furlong said .
'It was a pretty easy decision '
Mr Bannan 's decision to donate began in 2011 when his friend Rob Cairns discovered his kidneys were failing .
`` Originally it was just going to be a one-on-one donation , so Rob and I were compatible , '' Mr Bannan said .
But before Mr Bannan was ready to donate , Mr Cairns received a kidney from a deceased donor .
Doctors told Mr Bannan he could walk away from the program because his friend no longer needed help .
Paul is unique , he is a fantastic hero really . Professor Steve Holt
`` I had a week to talk to Rob , have a think about what I was going to do and I decided there and then that I was going to stay on the program , '' Mr Bannan said .
Before he was allowed to donate , Mr Bannan had to undergo a complete lifestyle transformation .
He lost 15 kilograms , gave up his pack-a-day smoking habit and started to exercise .
`` My GP wanted me to cut down the smoking , watch my cholesterol , drop the sugar out of my diet , '' Mr Bannan said .
`` And as he said , if he had had known that it would take me to lose a kidney , he would have cut it out years ago . ''
Professor Steve Holt , the director of nephrology at the Royal Melbourne Hospital , said Mr Banan 's donation was important .
`` Paul is unique , he is a fantastic hero really , '' he said .
`` With the paired kidney exchange we often facilitate two transplants , or perhaps three transplants but seven is the biggest transplant chain we 've managed to date in Australia . ''
Topics : diseases-and-disorders , liver-and-kidneys , health , vic
First posted
A killer remains at large after a 41-year-old man was gunned down outside a Vanier apartment building Saturday night .
Dady Junior Jean , 41 , was fatally shot outside his apartment building on Lacasse Ave. , where a party had been taking place .
“ He was my mechanic , ” Byron Thistle said Sunday . “ I was his best friend. ” Jean also worked as a furniture mover , according to neighbours .
“ I passed by him every day , ” said neighbour Preston McLaren . “ He 'd be in the back drinking beer . He 'd be working on his boat . ”
McLaren described Jean as a big , proud man who came off as a bit of a showoff .
“ He was n't humble , ” McLaren said .
In a facebook post , Jean 's son Austin said : `` R.I.P Junior Jean I miss you and I will always love you . You my have not been the best dad . But you did n't deserve this . I will never forget you . ''
Cops and paramedics were called to 340 Lacasse St. in Vanier , south of Blake Blvd . at 8:33 p.m. Saturday .
There was a party going on . At some point , Jean was involved in argument .
It 's not clear whether the argument occurred inside the party or outside . But Jean left the party , went outside and was shot .
Ottawa Police Staff Sgt . Bruce Pirt said cops are still looking into when and where the argument occurred and whether it was related to the shooting or coincidental .
“ Multiple theories are surfacing on that as to what transpired and whether it played a role in the actual series of events , ” he said .
Investigators in the Ottawa police major crime unit believe Jean was shot by someone he knew .
“ We 're still exploring motives , but it does not appear to be a random attack , ” Pirt said .
Jean was taken to the trauma centre at the Ottawa Hospital 's Civic campus where he was pronounced dead .
All day Sunday , police investigators focused on two buildings on Lacasse St. , northeast of the intersection of McArthur Ave. and the Vanier Pkwy .
Cops cordoned off an apartment building with yellow tape . More than a dozen yellow evidence markers dotted the driveway at 340 Lacasse St . It 's a two-storey , red-brick apartment building , nestled in among other low-rise apartment buildings .
Police officers from various units collected evidence and interviewed witnesses at the scene . Officers combed nearby parking lots and lawns with metal detectors while other investigators rifled through trash bins .
Shortly after Jean was shot , Giscar Louis was busy moving into his new home with his wife and small children .
Police approached him and told him he could n't continue moving because the area was a crime scene .
“ I saw someone laying in the back ( of the driveway ) , ” said Giscar Louis . “ It 's not nice when you have this in front of your wife and kids . ”
The driveway of a neighbouring apartment building also had evidence markers .
The shooting is Ottawa 's seventh homicide of 2015 .
It 's also the fourth shooting in a week .
Twitter : @ Corey_Larocque
After every murderous atrocity committed by Islamists we have the Newtonian reaction from the ‘ moderates ' . In addition to watching our European brothers and sisters killed , raped and tortured by aliens , we then have to endure the further suffering of listening to the lectures of the so-called moderates .
Some Muslims , to some small credit , refused to stay silent while their brothers-in-faith have violently advanced their cause . Some of them have spoken out to declare that Islamic terrorists do not represent Islam , or that they are not Islamic at all . But in the face of violent extremism and a very real culture of rape and paedophilia , mere talk is not enough .
Islamic extremists might represent their faith or they might not . The Koran might advocate violence or it might not . These points are largely irrelevant . What is more important is people 's perceptions . With every Islamic terrorist attack the perception of Muslims among Europeans deteriorates . Their arguments that Islam is the religion of peace becomes more diluted with every conflicting action and the words of moderates are not as convincing as the actions of determined men .
Muslim 's protestations may convince themselves and other Muslims , but it is not other Muslims that they need to convince . Muslims are already on their own side .
The voice of moderate Muslims may sway the liberal majority but it is not the docile , low-testosterone masses that they should be worrying about .
The danger to the moderate Muslim comes from men like us . The people Muslims need to convince are the good , honest men but angry men . We are not convinced . Last week angry men attacked the restaurant of a Muslim convicted of abducting teenage girls in Bolton . The windows were caved in and then the men stormed the restaurant and attacked the staff with bricks .
How did these men vote in the recent elections ? Who cares ? It 's largely irrelevant . With their brave actions , these men have spoken with a louder voice than there democratic vote would allow . This brotherhood are invested in their local community . They probably drink together in their local pub , or work out together , or have some other social ritual . They made a pact , to do something , and through their actions they now have an unbreakable bond between them . No matter what happens now , they will be able to say that they did something .
But we 're not all paedophiles , the moderates cry . We 're not all terrorists . Do n't judge us on the actions of a tiny minority . There is good and bad in all races and religions .
All of that may be true , but none of it will matter when the actions of a few Muslims wake the sleeping giant of Europe . Denied the ability to talk openly about Muslims and finding a democratic route roadblocked , they will be forced to explore alternative means to solve the problem . Now that the first window has been broken this will only embolden more Europeans .
There will be no sorting the good from the bad . There will be no questions . There will be no debate . The criminals , the bad ones , likely a bit cannier than the average , will flee for greener pastures when they feel the wind changing . It will be the so-called moderates who are left to face the wrath of the European insurgency .
Every day more eyes begin to turn to the Muslim community in Europe . There 's not many of you . You 're outnumbered and surrounded . You are not very popular and there is little will among the police to keep protecting you . You 're nothing special . Your bodies are fragile and your faith will not save you . Bullets will tear holes in you . Your skulls will shatter . Fire burns your flesh . There are worse fates than death awaiting you . We do n't want this . We want peace and order . Over several millennia we have built a peaceful , orderly civilisation that we quite like and we intend to keep it , but moderates ' refusals to police their own communities mean that good men will be forced to do bad things in order to do so .
It will be the moderates hanging from lampposts . It will be moderates burned out of their homes . It will be moderates that one day simply disappear . Nobody will miss you . Nobody will stand in our way . Europeans do n't care when boats laden with Africans sink into the Mediterranean . We wo n't care when your homes and businesses are attacked . ‘ Moderate ' Europeans might talk about how despicable we are , but they wo n't stop us . You will learn what it is like to live in fear and then be lectured to by ‘ moderates ' .
You 've harangued the good police officers we have and tried to turn public opinion against them with cries of prejudice and racism . You 've turned your towns into no-go areas for the police . They will not rush to save the people who have ostracised and demonised them .
Who else will stand alongside you when the mob rises up ? The pyjama-wearing liberals ? The skinny vegans ? The homosexuals ? The feminists ? Human rights lawyers ? They may like to trumpet your cause to collect social status booby prizes but do they stand guard over you while you sleep ? None of these people are worth a jot in a fight to the death . Society is becoming polarised and you are quickly running out of friends .
Muslims , your time is nearly up . We are the Europeans . We are the sons of Charlemagne . We travelled the world . We conquered , enslaved and built empires . Everyone that opposes us ends up as dust . We have detonated atomic bombs and burned cities to the ground to fix problems . You are just a problem . But not a very complex one . Being a moderate wo n't save you . Unless you find a better argument you had better leave town .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
