Retired Pro Bowl tight end Todd Heap accidentally struck and killed his 3-year-old daughter Friday afternoon while moving his truck , according to Mesa , Arizona , police .
The incident happened in the driveway of a home in the gated community of Las Sendas . Police responded to a car/pedestrian accident about 3:45 p.m. and were told the girl was on the driveway when Heap moved the truck forward and hit her .
She was taken to a local hospital , where she died , police said .
Todd Heap exhibited no signs of impairment after the accident , police said . Jason Bridge/USA TODAY Sports
Heap exhibited no signs of impairment , according to officials . The investigation into the incident is ongoing .
Heap played 10 seasons with the Baltimore Ravens after being selected in the first round of the 2001 draft , and two with the Arizona Cardinals before retiring in 2012 .
`` We can not imagine the heartbreak and sorrow Todd and Ashley 's family feels right now , '' the Ravens said in a statement . `` This is knee-buckling news and an overwhelmingly sad tragedy . Our prayers , our thoughts and our hearts are with the Heaps , who have contributed so much to the Ravens and Baltimore community . We believe their deep faith and tremendous support from friends and family will help them through this unimaginable time . ''
`` Our hearts go out to Todd , Ashley and the Heap family , '' the Cardinals said in a statement . `` It is a grief that is beyond words and one which no family should ever experience . Hopefully the prayers , love and support of their incredible group of friends and family provide them comfort that along with their strong faith will lead them through this unspeakably difficult time . ''
Heap is a native of Mesa and was a two-time All-Pac-10 selection for Arizona State before heading to the NFL .
EDMONTON — Alex Ovechkin really did n't even want to talk about it .
He 'd been outed on a random act of kindness on a cool October evening in Edmonton , spotted by a local hockey fan while out with his teammates on a Friday night . The fan tweeted that Ovechkin had taken `` off his winter jacket and hat and ( gave ) it to a homeless man he passed on the street . ''
It was , at a time when Twitter brings us more angst and conflict than warm fuzzies , just a really nice , impromptu moment of kindness . But you know how Twitter can work . In reality , what occurred was a little bit different .
It was actually , if this is possible , just a little bit better .
Edmonton Oilers on Sportsnet NOW Want to livestream all 82 Oilers games this season ? See how you can stream this + over 300 regular season NHL games with Sportsnet NOW .
`` ( It was ) nothing , '' Ovechkin shrugged the next morning . `` I just went … with ( Evgeny Kuznetsov and Dmitry Orlov ) , I saw the guy ; no shirt . Went to the store to buy him a sweater , coat and a hat .
`` He was like , ‘ Are you serious ? ' He was a little bit shocked , '' Ovechkin said .
In fact , simply peeling off his own coat and hat on a warmish Edmonton autumn night as the tweet suggested would have been extremely kind , and not very time consuming . But what Ovechkin did was even more caring , gathering up an Edmonton street dweller and taking him to a store to properly clothe him .
Could you imagine spending a winter on these streets ? In North America 's northernmost major city , where overnight temperatures will soon dip below minus-15 or minus-20 , and the homeless shelters bulge at their over-used and under-funded seams .
I do n't know Ovechkin personally , so I am simply impressed , not surprised by his kindness . People around the Capitals , however , they give off an aura that they could tell more of these stories , if they felt like Ovechkin would n't prefer they be kept quiet .
`` He 's a guy that he does his thing and is not necessarily worried about what other people are going to think about him , '' said teammate Tom Wilson . `` That 's a guy who would n't do that for the attention ; he 's doing that because he felt it was the right thing to do at the time . ''
The next night , on Hockey Night in Canada , Ovechkin counted three assists in a 5-2 win over the Edmonton Oilers . It was Ovechkin 's first three-assist night in almost three years , as the sniper turned into the provider .
Giving , giving , giving .
`` Sometimes magic happens , you know ? '' he chuckled , again , not overly enthusiastic about dwelling on his second All-Star performance in as many nights in the Alberta capital .
It was quite a trip to Edmonton for Ovechkin , leaving the Oilers to pay it forward to Sidney Crosby , whose Penguins are the 3-6-1 Oilers next opponent on Wednesday .
`` He 's always unselfish , '' said Kuznetsov , who had two third period goals , the first assisted by Ovechkin .
Sure , the Capitals superstar makes $ 9.5 million per season . He wo n't even notice those clothes on his credit card , right ?
That 's not the point , folks . In a world where human kindness is so often overshadowed by tragedy , and coming from an American city where that country 's leader exudes every quality that opposes what Ovechkin brought to the streets of Edmonton , this Russian hockey player helped the sun come up a little bit here Saturday morning .
He did n't have to be a great guy . Nobody asked him to .
But Ovechkin did it anyway , and God bless him for it .
`` I think what you 're going to find in hockey in general is that they 're pretty giving people , '' Caps coach Barry Trotz said . `` They give of their time and of their blessings , and that does n't surprise me at all . ''
After Saturday 's thrashing , the coach on the other side was n't feeling so magnanimous . The Oilers are back in the glue , and staring down a 3-7-1 start if they ca n't beat the Penguins on Wednesday .
`` Let 's not kid ourselves , we 're an eighth into the season , '' said head coach Todd McLellan . `` There are a lot of points that have gone by . You never get them back . It 's tough not only falling behind in the game , but it 's tough falling behind in the season . So we have a lot — a lot — of work ahead of us . We 're going to have to play better than we have , it 's as simple as that .
`` We do n't have enough players playing at their capabilities , or at least what we believe their capabilities are , to consistently win . ''
Editor 's note : This story originally said that Verizon Wireless expected to make the Galaxy S II smartphone available sometime in July . After the story appeared , the Verizon spokeswoman quoted in the story said she was incorrect and meant that Samsung Galaxy Tab would appear in July . She did n't comment on whether the carrier is making the smartphone available next month .
Several U.S. wireless carriers will start selling the Samsung Galaxy S II `` superphone '' sometime in July , according to several reports .
Galaxy S II smartphone
In a crowded smartphone market , the Samsung Galaxy S II has garnered unusual attention as it joins a new category dubbed `` superphones . ''
The device has a 1.2 GHz dual core processor and a 4.3-in . Super Amoled Plus touchscreen display . Such features have impressed reviewers around the globe . A reviewer for PC World in Australia recently said the Android device outdoes even the popular Apple iPhone 4 .
The Samsung Galaxy S II , first shown at the Mobile World Congress in February , is already on sale in Asia and Europe .
Verizon is reported by Engadget to be using the name `` Samsung Galaxy S 2 Function , '' for the device . Engadget adds that AT & T will use `` Samsung Galaxy S 2 Attain '' and Sprint will use `` Samsung Galaxy S 2 Within . ''
Several blogs including Online Social Media have suggested it will appear in the July time frame on at least some U.S. carriers , but none of the carriers would comment .
The Samsung device has been tested and reviewed on the network of T-Mobile USA by a PC World US reviewer , though the carrier has yet to disclose its name and availability there .
T-Mobile did not respond to a request to comment .
A PC World US review called the device `` stunning and speedy '' on T-Mobile 's network , but criticized call quality as `` just average '' with some distortion .
That review noted that the Galaxy S II runs Android 2.3 ( Gingerbread ) , an upgrade over the Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) mobile OS that still runs most other devices . The reviewer said Galaxy S II compares well with other powerful smartphones on the market , such as the HTC Evo 3D , Motorola Atrix 4G and HTCThunderBolt .
Galaxy S II is 4.9 x 2.6 by 0.3 inches , and weighs 4 ounces , less than many powerful superphones that can weigh 5 ounces or more . Reviewers have been impressed with its 8-megapixel rear-facing camera , making it comparable to other high-end phones . Video calls are supported by a front-facing 2 megapixel camera .
The Wall Street Journal reported on a Galaxy S II launch in Hong Kong this week , and quoted one official saying that the device will roll out to 140 carriers later this month . Bloggers , and now Verizon , however , are citing ship dates in July .
Unlocked , the device has been priced by various retailers at between $ 700 and $ 800 . U.S. carriers , though , are expected to subsidize the price for users that buy a two-year service contract . The price tag with such a contract is expected to be between $ 250 and $ 300 .
The first-generation Galaxy S went on sale last year . Some 14 million units have reportedly been sold .
Samsung refreshed its lineup of tablets and smartphones at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . The Galaxy S II `` superphone '' is due on store shelves in July .
Matt Hamblen covers mobile and wireless , smartphones and other handhelds , and wireless networking for Computerworld . Follow Matt on Twitter at @ matthamblen , or subscribe to Matt 's RSS feed . His e-mail address is mhamblen @ computerworld.com .
Dirk Gently Star Samuel Barnett Is Your New Queer Geek Crush
Samuel Barnett settles into a sofa in The Library lounge at New York 's Nomad Hotel , orders a decaf almond milk latte , and wonders aloud if the books on the shelves lining the room are real . He examines them more closely . “ OK , they are , ” he says , satisfied .
The 37-year-old British actor is in town for Comic Con , where he 's been promoting BBC America 's Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency , loosely based on the books by novelist Douglas Adams ( best known for the sci-fi phenomenon The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ) . Barnett plays the titular offbeat detective , whose belief in the fundamental interconnectedness of everything drives the show 's frequently absurdist story lines . Season one saw Dirk teaming up with a hapless hotel bellhop ( Elijah Wood ) to investigate the murder of a millionaire and take on a bizarre cabal of body-swapping hippies .
“ I know it 's not for everyone , ” Barnett admits . “ I think it 's quite a particular beast. ” However , he 's confident the show 's audience is growing , thanks in part to the first season 's availability on Hulu . There 's also the fact that the second season , which premiered in October , is less of a Gordian knot of time travel and world-building .
“ Season one was willfully complicated , ” Barnett says , “ and I think that was done on purpose to show you the random chaoticness of the universe , which actually does connect into something . ”
This season thrusts the agency into the realm of high fantasy , specifically the magical kingdom of Wendimoor , where a gay , pink-haired knight is searching for Dirk . It also explores its characters ' link to the shadowy CIA program Blackwing and the strange goings-on in the unincorporated rural territory of Bergsberg . “ All three places feed into the same mystery , ” explains Barnett , adding that the plot this time around is “ much easier to follow . ”
Jacket & Pants : Prada , Turtleneck : Hermés
Like his gumshoe alter ego , Barnett has developed more faith in his own intuition and instincts over the years , though they have n't always led him where he expected . Growing up in a small fishing village in the north of England , Barnett never expected to be able to carve out a career as an actor . “ I had no idea this was an option for me , ” he says . “ Even through drama school , even through my first job , I kept thinking it was just a fluke. ” It was n't until he landed the role of Posner in the original London cast of The History Boys and the show transferred to Broadway that Barnett realized he could really pursue performing .
Still , success did n't inure him to certain anxieties . While playing female characters in 2014 Broadway productions of Richard III and Twelfth Night ( which earned him a Tony nom ) , Barnett confessed in a New York Times profile that he 'd worried that being out might hurt his chances at greater success . “ It 's like the folly of youth that I thought I was important enough for anyone to give a shit about my sexuality , ” Barnett says now . He 's still unsure if his sexual orientation ever cost him a role : “ You do n't know the choices producers are making. ” But , he adds , “ Even if it has affected my career , I 'm so happy with the variety of work I 've been able to do . ”
Barnett has played straight more than he has gay , though he thinks his gay parts have gotten more attention because they 're simply less common . He ca n't reveal anything about Dirk 's romantic interests , but he says he and series creator Max Landis have both expressed thoughts on the matter : “ If we get a season three , we 'll find some stuff out. ” Meanwhile , he 's found his footing with the character , who initially seemed a tough nut to crack . “ In season two , I feel like I know him a lot more , ” he says . “ He wants to be loved and he wants friends . With all this connectedness to the universe , he ca n't connect to humans . ”
This theme of connection feels particularly timely in a cultural moment when we 're increasingly alienated from one another by social media and divided along partisan lines . In that regard , the series offers something more than escapist adventure and quirky humor . “ As soon as I read the script , that 's what resonated with me , ” Barnett says . “ It reminds us that we are all connected , and that we do all need to look out for each other and be kinder to each other . I think it looks at chaos and says , ‘ It 's OK that things are messy , because eventually things will come together . ' ”
Photography : Aingeru Zorita
Styling : Michael Cook
Grooming : Korey Fitzpatrick at Exclusive Artists using Beauty Blender
( Above ) Sweater : Tommy Hilfiger
The “ Dilscoop ”
It says something of the evolution of limited overs batting in the past decade that we now take for granted that batsmen will fearlessly employ the “ Dilscoop ” , as it came to be known in honour of its most famous practitioner . In truth this shot has existed for decades at the fringes of big-time cricket but it was Zimbabwe 's Doug Marillier and Western Australian Ryan Campbell who pioneered its use at moments that previously called for convention . Campbell was playing it 15 years ago but the shot was perfected by the Sri Lanka opener Tillakaratne Dilshan .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The “ Dilscoop ” . Illustration : Oli Holmes/Guardian Australia
Normally played in the closing overs , the premise is simple but the execution far less so ; get in line with the ball , crouch – usually on one knee – and use the pace of the ball to flick it over both your own and the wicketkeepers ' head down to the region between third man and fine leg . A lot can go wrong here . The batsman might flick it into their own body or face , to a straight delivery they can miss and be trapped in front or bowled and it 's hard to control the exact destination of the ball once contact is made .
The Dilscoop requires a degree of premeditation or at least a very fast identification of the ideal length ( slightly short ) and line ( preferably a foot outside off stump ) to play it . There is also now a willingness among some players to swivel slightly as they play it or adapt to the angle of the delivery , sending the ball squarer .
The man most likely to employ it on a regular basis in this World Cup is New Zealander Brendon McCullum , for whom it 's a lethal weapon . India 's Rohit Sharma might also play it in ways that defy any kind of analysis .
The reverse slog-sweep
In Bob Woolmer 's Art and Science of Cricket , the 642-page masterpiece coaching manual by the late South African legend , Woolmer does n't err in many areas – particularly when it comes to batting – but you wonder if he 'd lived beyond the 2008 edition whether he 'd cut the line , “ this chapter covers all of the cricket shots you are ever likely to play. ” What a shame he was n't around to dissect the rapid developments since .
Woolmer speaks briefly of the “ reverse hit ” – only devoting three-quarters of a page where it might now take 10-12 to cover off every variation . Then it was seen primarily as a means for breaking the shackles and upsetting the rhythm of bowlers , spinners primarily . “ As a disruptive weapon , ” he said , “ it 's almost unparalleled. ” Glowing in his praise of Jonty Rhodes 's nimble footwork , Woolmer would probably be equally delighted by the reverse slog-sweep that Australia 's Glenn Maxwell plays . Maxwell was on the receiving end of a lot of grief late last year for claiming that he views his new-age reverse strokes the same way he would a cover drive but it 's not as silly as it sounds ; these shots are endlessly honed in the nets and even if they occasionally get him in trouble , there 's not much you can do as a bowler when someone so effortlessly switches hands and slaps you over the point fence from a perfectly reasonable line outside off stump . Forearm strength helps , but you can only time it well as Maxwell if you 've put in the hours of practice .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The reverse slog sweep Illustration : Oli Holmes/Guardian Australia
The switch-hit
There 's a slightly maddening debate – often engaged by Ian Chappell – to say that right-handed batsmen are actually “ right-facing left-handed batsmen ” and left-handed batsmen vice versa . Following this thread , it sort of makes senses that as prodigious a ball-striker as Australia 's David Warner , who happens to bowl and throw with his right hand , should be adept at switching his hands and using that right hand as his “ bottom hand ” to heave the ball into the stands at what would be cow corner to the traditional right-hander .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The switch hit . Illustration : Oli Holmes/Guardian Australia
This differs from the traditional reverse sweep because the batsman – Warner and Kevin Pietersen the most notable exponents in this case – has no intention of keeping the ball down . Again it can break up the rhythm of the bowler and it 's not merely unconventional , it 's a statement of dominance and aggression . Warner 's most celebrated version of the stroke , against India 's Ravi Ashwin , helped him stop the bowler from coming around the wicket and defensively angling the ball in towards the pads to curb scoring . Pietersen tended to play his over the cover fence but Warner 's goes straighter and is thus a little harder to set a field to . Despite the reservations of many , it 's also now MCC-approved .
Slog to cow corner
It should also be pointed out at this point that while many runs in this World Cup will still come from strokes you 'd see in an MCC coaching manual , there 's also something to be said for the more old-fashioned brand of slogging . In this realm , clearing the front foot and heaving towards cow corner remains tried and true . This should especially be the case on smaller grounds in New Zealand and when there is pace and true bounce in pitches .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Slog to cow corner . Illustration : Oli Holmes/Guardian Australia
It 's a hallmark of virtually every truly stupefying limited overs innings in recent times – AB de Villiers ' Wanderers massacre , Corey Anderson 's brutality against a similarly inept West Indies attack , James Faulkner and Chris Gayle on numerous occasions – that a fair proportion of balls disappear over the cow corner fence as a result of cross-bat swipes . This is also something that we 're now seeing earlier and earlier in ODI innings as players become braver and more willing to chance their arm from ball one , safe in the knowledge that pace and thunderous bat-speed will mean even mis-hits could travel the full journey . Faulkner , De Villiers and a host of Kiwis are ones to watch on this front .
The ramp
We 're using the safety of a familiar term here but this shot , where the batsman steps towards off , drops to one knee and uses the pace to play a hybrid sweep/glance/hook over the fine leg fence has too many different mutations to categorise firmly . At the Wanderers , De Villiers played three of the most absurd and exhilarating versions you 're ever likely to see , making the potentially fraught act of batting in a game of international cricket look like the cartoonish imaginings of a video game .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The ramp . Illustration : Oli Holmes/Guardian Australia
In his version , De Villiers sort of adapted elements of the ramp and the slog sweep , but the latter was traditionally hit against the pace or spin and much squarer . In this ramped version , he swivels side-on from the ball and uses the pace on it to loft over fine leg . It ca n't be as easy to execute as he makes it look but it 's particularly dangerous on small grounds – or at least ones with short boundaries to fine leg – and against wayward attacks . A question though : is anyone else good enough to play it as well as De Villiers and will anyone bowl as badly as the Windies did that day ? If so , stay alert if you 're in the crowd .
As motorists enter Port Macquarie , they are alerted to the possibility of deer encroaching on major roads .
As deer populations continue to grow and cause major environmental impacts across New South Wales , hunters are refusing to let wild venison go to waste .
Hunters from the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia ( SSA ) commence their hunts at dawn , across land on the outskirts of Port Macquarie on the state 's mid-north coast .
Port Macquarie Hastings Council said feral deer were a significant cost to the community through lost agricultural productivity , damage to the environment , and property and motor vehicle accidents .
They estimate there could be as many as 10,000 deer east of the Pacific Highway .
'Safe place ' to use firearm
SSAA hunting and conservation co-ordinator Don Little said the hunts he organises are very methodical .
`` We train our hunters . It 's not just about getting out there for a shoot ; there is a lot of respect involved , '' he said .
`` Firearms in general have a bad wrap in the media , but we are offering a safe place to use your firearm , and [ we ] provide you with a true reason to hold a license .
`` We get really good feedback from landholders because we give them the fruits of our labour via some meat nicely vacuum-sealed or some ribs and racks for their pets . ''
Modern hunters and gatherers
Mr Little believes there is a lot of public misconception when it comes to hunting , and said people may have forgotten where their food came from .
`` No one wants pests eating their roses or killing their chooks ; we treat land with respect and are offering pest management for our area , '' he said .
`` I do n't consider deer as a pest — a lot of farmers do but to me they are a food source .
`` It 's easy to head down to the supermarket to grab a slab of meat and not consider where it 's come from , but what you do n't see is venison on shelves these days . ''
Mr Little , who was raised on a farm in Victoria , said he was brought up with an understanding of how meat made it to his plate and insists his kids were raised the same way .
`` My kids are in a unique experience where I take them out to see how the deer is processed , '' he said .
`` Not to frighten them but so they have a better understanding of the sacrifices made to feed us .
`` Plenty of the other hunters feel the same way [ so ] we are eradicating an introduced species and not letting anything go to waste . ''
Pest , game or protected species ?
Across the country , deer are classified differently .
Due to increasing populations and overall environmental damage , the Invasive Species Council ( ISC ) is calling for New South Wales to classify the feral animal as a pest .
ISC policy officer Carol Booth said hunters were part of the problem .
`` In the last five years , deer populations have increased by 60 per cent nationally , '' Ms Booth said .
`` Unfortunately , as deer are a favoured game species for trophy hunters , populations will only continue to spread . ''
The Natural Resources Commission recommended deer be declared a pest animal , however Ms Booth said that instead , the State Government had relaxed hunting regulations to allow for more effective control .
`` Rather than deal with the problem at hand , our government has chosen to side with the hunting lobby , '' she said .
In other parts of the country , such as South Australia , and internationally in New Zealand , feral deer populations are culled using aerial shooting .
Ms Booth said that strategy would not work in heavily populated areas such as a Port Macquarie .
Hunter Don Little said he was concerned that if deer were declared a pest , it may promote unregistered and illegal shooting .
`` Plenty of people might confuse hunting with trophy shooting with the aim to put a head on a wall , '' he said .
`` That 's not what we are about and I worry if you called deer 'pest ' it would cause a free-for-all .
`` Anyone could head out for a shoot then and it would n't be structured . We offer a structured approach to pest management . ''
City of Toronto security staff worried about their own safety and retaliation from the mayor after Rob Ford allegedly threatened `` to get the guy '' who reported his bad behaviour at City Hall on St. Patrick 's Day , 2012 , city documents show .
Mr. Ford is said to have made the threat to two security guards during an after-hours visit to his office on March 15 – almost two years to the day since the widely reported St. Patrick 's Day party . Details of the recent incident are outlined in city documents obtained by The Globe and Mail through Freedom of Information request . The same Saturday night , he appeared on video in a dishevelled state outside City Hall .
Mr. Ford , who this week took a leave from office to seek professional treatment for addiction issues , approached guards on the evening of March 15 , slurring his words and `` speaking in a disorganized fashion , '' according to reports from the guards . He talked about one guard 's biceps and the election before saying he was being `` screwed over by security . ''
Story continues below advertisement
The guards worried about retribution in reporting this latest incident , so much so that they used e-mail rather than file an incident report to document the events . `` Mayor Rob Ford 's comments have me most concerned for my safety as a city employee , '' one of the guards writes .
In response , the city 's top executives , including city manager Joe Pennachetti , met with Mr. Ford on March 21 , and asked him to apologize to security staff . Mr. Ford refused without seeing the report , which he was later given , city spokeswoman Jackie DeSouza said . City staff are not aware of any apology from Mr. Ford , she said . The city 's director of corporate security , Dwaine Nichol , who prepared the report , was not available for comment .
The revelations follow reports this week by The Globe and Mail of a new video that shows Mr. Ford smoking what has been described as crack cocaine last weekend , and by The Toronto Sun on an audio recording that seems to capture the mayor making offensive comments .
The mayor 's lawyer , Dennis Morris , said he could not comment on the March 15 incident without speaking with Mr. Ford – who has checked into a rehab clinic – but said his actions that evening may have been due to addiction .
`` You see what 's been happening in the last few days , so I mean , this is why the mayor acknowledges he needs some sort of professional assistance , '' Mr. Morris said . `` It 's the same stuff , just a different day . ''
March 15 security logs show that the mayor parked at City Hall at 5:06 p.m. and went to his office . At 10:30 p.m. , he approached two security guards at the front desk , giving them strings of green party beads , which they put on `` to acknowledge the Mayor 's gesture . ''
Before he left , Mr. Ford told the guards he `` was going to get that security guy who wrote the report , '' their accounts allege .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` You guys have a job to do . Yeah , but , you ca n't do that to me man … What , you did n't think I would find out ? I am going to get him you mark my words ! '' Mr. Ford allegedly said .
The individual who wrote the 2012 report now works for a different city department .
After the exchange , Mr. Ford left City Hall , but had difficulty opening the doors , said the guards , who went to his aid . `` Take care brother , '' the mayor allegedly said before he spat on the ground .
Outside , he was filmed on video speaking to a group of unidentified young men . The mayor appears in a white shirt unbuttoned at the top , with a set of St. Patrick 's Day beads under his suit . He tells the group , `` Bro , I need a taxi van to take us home , '' before reportedly letting out a string of expletives and getting into the taxi .
The group of young men followed him in a separate taxi , according to the security report . It 's unclear where the group went afterward , but the Toronto Star reported that the mayor later took them to Muzik nightclub .
The City Hall guards who spoke with the mayor that night said that Mr. Ford told them he was going to `` head over to meet Beiber [ sp ] . '' According to the Toronto Star , pop singer Justin Bieber was at Muzik nightclub that night , and the mayor had a brief encounter with him .
Story continues below advertisement
The incident has similarities to security reports of St. Patrick 's Day , 2012 , which say the mayor arrived at City Hall at about 2 a.m. with a few former staffers . Guards described him walking around with `` a half empty bottle of St-Rémy French Brandy , '' and swearing loudly . Former staffers alleged in a police document that the mayor became physically and verbally abusive that night , and made lewd comments to a female staffer and security guard .
The mayor denied those allegations and they have not been tested in court .
MUMBAI : In a shocking case , a 17-year old girl has lodged a complaint against her 44-year old father for raping her for last five years . The Rafi Ahmed Kidwai ( RAK ) Marg in Wadala have arrested father who is taxi driver by profession .
The RAK marg police in Sewri on Thursday evening arrested the man who had been sexually assaulting his minor daughter for past five years . Though he has been sexually abusing her , she lodged a complaint only on late Thursday night after accused returned home and tried to again exploit her .
Sources said that on Thursday she gathered courage and managed to call the main control room from her cell phone . The control room immediately diverted the RAK Marg police officials to Sakaram Manjrekar Marg Sewree . RAK marg police reached the spot and arrested the victim 's father and the victim was taken to the KEM hospital Police officials said that the police than pulled in two women police officers and counseled her . It was here that she narrated her ordeal and police were shocked to learnt that father used to exploit her for past five years . Victim who is a school drop out told police in her statement that as her mother had passed away few in 2008 she used to stay with her two younger siblings and her father.In 2008 her father tried to rape her and when she resisted he threatened to kill her and she succumbed to his advances . Since then he had been sexually abusing her at their residence but on Thursday night when she was asleep the accused again tried to rape her . She resisted him and he again threatened her and started assaulting her . She somehow managed to get out of the house which is located in the slums at Sewri with her cell phone and informed the police control room .
It all started with the question of which approach will be faster – encrypt just the pieces of data in a file that need encrypted – or encrypt the entire file ?
Take for example , a books.xml file where the < author > element value must be encrypted . Is it faster to encrypt the entire file , or just the individual author elements , or will it not matter because disk IO is a huge bottleneck ?
These are the types of scenarios that are easy to hypothesize over , but it 's also easy to whip up some code to produce qualitative answers and put the answers in colorful charts that can be printed on glossy paper and hung on an office wall where a visitor 's natural reaction will be to ask “ what 's this ? ” , at which point you can bombard your visitor with minutiae about symmetric encryption initialization vectors and after 10 minutes they will want to leave without remembering that they had first come into your office to ask about that nasty work item # 9368 , which you still have n't fixed .
That 's called victory .
But as for the code , first we need a method to time some arbitrary action over a number of iterations .
private static void Time ( Action action , string description ) { var stopwatch = new Stopwatch ( ) ; stopwatch.Start ( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < = IterationCount ; i++ ) { action ( ) ; } stopwatch.Stop ( ) ; Console.WriteLine ( `` { 0 } took { 1 } ms '' , description , stopwatch.ElapsedMilliseconds ) ; }
Then some code to encrypt an entire file .
private static void EncryptFileTest ( ) { var provider = new AesCryptoServiceProvider ( ) ; var encryptor = provider.CreateEncryptor ( provider.Key , provider.IV ) ; using ( var destination = File.Create ( `` .. \\ .. \\temp.dat '' ) ) { using ( var cryptoStream = new CryptoStream ( destination , encryptor , CryptoStreamMode.Write ) ) { var data = File.ReadAllBytes ( FileName ) ; cryptoStream.Write ( data , 0 , data.Length ) ; } } }
Then some code to encrypt just the author fields .
private static void EncryptFieldsTest ( ) { var provider = new AesCryptoServiceProvider ( ) ; var encryptor = provider.CreateEncryptor ( provider.Key , provider.IV ) ; var document = XDocument.Load ( FileName ) ; var names = document.Descendants ( `` author '' ) ; foreach ( var element in names ) { using ( var destination = new MemoryStream ( ) ) { using ( var cryptoStream = new CryptoStream ( destination , encryptor , CryptoStreamMode.Write ) ) { using ( var cryptoWriter = new StreamWriter ( cryptoStream ) ) { cryptoWriter.Write ( element.Value ) ; } element.Value = Convert.ToBase64String ( destination.ToArray ( ) ) ; } } } document.Save ( `` .. \\ .. \\temp.xml '' ) ; }
The results of the benchmark on the small books.xml file ( 28kb ) showed that encrypting individual fields generally came out 3-25 % faster than encrypting an entire file .
Such wide variances made me suspect that disk I/O was too unpredictable , so I also ran tests where the timing took place on in-memory operations only , and all disk IO took place before the encryption work , like with the following code .
var bytes = File.ReadAllBytes ( FileName ) ; var document = XDocument.Load ( FileName ) ; var elements = document.Descendants ( `` author '' ) .ToList ( ) ; Time ( ( ) = > EncryptFileTest ( bytes ) , `` EncryptFile '' ) ; Time ( ( ) = > EncryptFieldsTest ( elements ) , `` EncryptFields '' ) ;
Now the results started to show that encrypting one big thing was a regularly 20 % faster than encrypting lots of little things .
The larger the input data , the faster it became to encrypt all at once .
Then after playing with various parameters , like different provider modes , an amazing thing happened . I switch from AesCryptoServiceProvider ( which provides an interface to the native CAPI libraries ) to AesManaged ( which is a managed implementation of AES and not FIPS compliant , but that 's a topic for another post ) . Encrypting the entire file was 6x slower with managed code compared to CAPI , which was n't the surprising part . The surprising part was that encrypting fields with AesManaged was much faster than encrypting the entire file with AesManaged , and in fact , encrypting fields with AesManaged was almost twice as fast as encrypting fields with AesCryptoServiceProvider , and almost as fast as encrypting the entire file with a CSP .
After double-checking to make sure this was n't a fluke , I came to three conclusions .
1 . Once again , benchmarks prove more useful than a hypothesis , because the numbers are often counterintuitive .
2 . It must be much more efficient to reuse an AesManaged provider to create multiple crypto streams than reusing an AES CSP .
3 . There is still enough variability that testing against sample data like books.xml wo n't cut it , I 'll need to work against real files ( which might easily hit 500MB , maybe 1GB , but I hope not ) .
This is the point where people smarter than me will tell me everything I 've done wrong .
The following column appears in Australia 's Herald Sun :
On Saturday morning , I recalled a conversation over the summer with a German lady who had `` found herself on the receiving end of some vibrant multicultural outreach from one of Mutti Merkel 's boy charmers '' :
As a result , she no longer goes out after dark . She had also decided - with reluctance , because she enjoyed it - to cancel her participation in a local Christmas market , where she 'd sung carols every year - in broad daylight . `` Why would you do that ? '' I asked . `` Because it 's Christmas , '' she said , `` and I 'm worried Christmas will be a target . ''
And I concluded :
Christmas markets are a grand German tradition , but probably not for much longer .
Forty-eight hours later , twelve people are dead and 48 are injured ( at the time of writing ) because they attended a Christmas market at Breitscheidplatz in Berlin . This BBC headline effortlessly conveys the madness of our times :
Lorry kills 12 at Christmas market
Ah , so the truck did it . So it 's nothing that ca n't be fixed by some basic truck-control measures - like , say , licensing and registration of trucks .
Within moments , the familiar rituals of this latest vehicular misfortune emerged : `` It was definitely deliberate , '' said one intended victim . And as CNN reported :
Witnesses told police the attacker had shouted out ...
Go on , take a wild guess !
... 'Allahu akbar ' and 'Infidels must die ' as he carried out the attacks .
The less obviously evasive responses were almost as dispiriting . An English tourist visiting from Birmingham complained that in his native city ugly bollards line the sidewalks to obstruct any similarly homicidal lorries in the vicinity , but that Berlin had none . The Christkindlmarkt is a German tradition dating back to the Middle Ages : Munich 's is over 700 years old . A society that can only hold three-quarters-of-a-millennium-old traditions behind an impenetrable security perimeter is a society that will soon lose those traditions . My own preference , as I 've stated , is that , if free countries have to have unsightly security controls , why do n't they have them around the national borders rather than around every single thing inside those borders ?
`` I think this is insane when I listen to people say 'oh , we 're now going to have metal detectors in night clubs , security in nightclubs . Ok , so what happens next ? They blow up a bakery , they blow up a little pastry shop , so then you 're gon na have to have metal detectors to get into the pastry shop ? '' `` Instead of having all these individual perimeters around every Dunkin ' Donuts franchise or every gas station , or ever J.C. Penny , why not have just one big perimeter around the country ? '' Steyn concluded . `` We could call it a border ! And we could have , like , border security ! ''
But that 's just crazy talk . On Fox News ' top-rated Kelly File , Martha MacCallum asked two experts about the market slaughter and both of them instantly pivoted to military strikes against Isis , the need to form an Arab version of Nato , and other grand schemes . I 'm all in favor of destroying Isis , but Isis is a mere symptom , not a cause . After Isis is destroyed , it 'll be something else . In many parts of the world , it 's already something else : al-Qa'eda , the Taliban , Boko Haram , Abu Sayyaf , al-Shabaab , al-Nusra , al-Gama ' a al-Islamiyya , al-this , al-that , al-the other ...
Neither of Martha 's guests so much as raised the question of why people who want to murder you for attending a Christmas market are in your country in the first place .
But relax ! As Australia 's Malcolm Turnbull assured us a couple of atrocities back , it is `` a very , very small percentage '' of the Muslim community who are `` violent extremists '' . Like other western leaders , he never actually tells us what percentage it is - one per cent , point-one , point-oh-oh-oh-one - but I 'm sure he knows , or he would n't say it so breezily , would he ?
And at least our leaders are agreed that it is a percentage . A percentage is a very simple concept : If it 's 0.001 per cent of the Muslim community that are `` violent extremists '' and you have 100,000 Muslims , then , yes , it 's `` a very , very small percentage '' . If you then admit another 100,000 Muslims , then you 've just doubled the number of `` violent extremists '' . And , whether you keep on doing that year in year out or just cut to the chase and import ( as Angela Merkel did ) a million and a half in one fell swoop , then , regardless of whether the percentage is stable , you are importing more and more people who want to kill your own citizens .
Why ? What 's the benefit ? And why do people like that Birmingham tourist think the answer to more and more Muslims is more and more bollards ? I spent most of the last year in France and other parts of Western Europe and there are soldiers everywhere - outside churches , post offices , railway stations , shopping malls , Jewish schools initially and now non-Jewish schools , topless beaches and Christmas markets ... And it 's not enough , and it can never be enough . And , even if it was , who wants to live like that ?
Just a few hours before twelve German families had a big bloody hole blown through them a week before Christmas , my old friend and sometime warm-up act Jonathan Kay , with his usual impeccable timing , decided to have another sneer at those simpletons who fret about where all this is heading :
Great @ CBC180 discussion . Due to Mark Steyn-esque hysteria , Canadians think Canada is 17 % Muslim . It 's actually 3 % .
Ha ! What rubes , eh ? You hick Aussies are no better : According to the same poll , you reckon Australia 's 12 per cent Muslim ; it 's actually 2.4 per cent . So what 's the big deal ?
As flattering as it is to be blamed for an entire nation 's Islamophobia , I 'd say the reason Canadians and Australians - like the French and Germans and Belgians and almost everybody else - think there are more Muslims than there are is fairly obvious : Islam punches above its weight . Even on days when they 're not mowing down Christmas shoppers and assassinating Russian ambassadors - or stabbing French priests , or blowing up Belgian airports , or sexually assaulting German New Year revelers , or storming Sydney coffee shops - the less incendiary news of Islam in the west nevertheless conveys an assertiveness and confidence that would still be impressive even if it were 17 per cent . By the time it actually is 17 per cent , you 'll think it 's 48 .
Since we seem to have wound up obsessing on percentages , I suppose twelve dead Germans is likewise an insignificant percentage , and far too trivial to sophisticates to warrant `` Mark Steyn-esque hysteria '' . But it is December 20th , and for the victims ' families in five days ' time that will be 100 per cent of their children or parents or boyfriends or girlfriends missing at the Christmas table . Say a prayer for them : They died because of the recklessness of a western political class that has doubled down on a mad long-shot sociopolitical experiment that can only end catastrophically .
~from The Herald Sun of Melbourne
Artist John Romita Jr worked on the Kick-Ass comic books ( Picture : Getty )
The 57-year-old artist worked on the Kick-Ass comics . He ca n't look at people in the street without imaging them in a costume .
My mother , Virginia , was Marvel 's traffic manager for many years , overseeing workflow . With my parents , my career would seem inevitable – but my father felt the hours were long and the pay was lousy . He told me to get a classically trained education and an art degree , which I did , but I still wanted to be a cartoonist .
Nowadays I get up at around 6am and take care of my pets before I exercise . I work until about 11pm or midnight every day but it 's not non-stop at my desk . That can change depending on deadline – I 've worked 40 hours straight . Anybody in my business puts in this kind of hours . I guess it 's a blessing that we 're able to work at home . I 'm so lucky I can be there for my family all the time – especially as my wife is disabled .
Advertisement
Advertisement
I ca n't listen to music because I start enjoying it and moving around – I 'm a blues fan . So I listen to news and it 's almost like grey noise in the background , although I do scream at politics because I hate politicians . On Fridays , I listen to comedies and sitcoms because it lightens the week .
My strength is telling a story through sequential art and I think that 's a difficult thing . But my art skills are average at best in my mind . I 'm still learning . I picked up from my father never to get too full of yourself – there 's always someone better . I think that 's important to remember as the egos in this business are huge .
I collaborated with writer Mark Millar to create the original Kick-Ass comic books and acted as producer on the films . I just jumped up and down the minute I heard they were going to adapt them , and I 've been giggling like a ten-year-old child ever since .
Although some things are getting digitised , I really do n't think traditional skills are under threat . I did some work for Disney with a digital pad using a stylus but you still need the same knack for brush strokes and line . Anyway , I hope they wait until I retire to advance things further , then they can do whatever the hell they want .
I love every bit about being an artist , I find it very therapeutic . If I was n't an artist I 'd be a bartender , and very depressed . Sometimes I struggle for inspiration but then I look at the bills that come in the mail – that tends to get me going .
Advertisement
Advertisement
I wake up in the morning and my mind is racing , I go to bed and my mind is racing . I 'll see people in the street and imagine in a costume . It really is all-embracing .
John Romita Jr was an executive producer on action blockbuster Kick-Ass 2 , available on Blu-ray and DVD .
Advertisement Advertisement
Tesla Autopilot gets green light for international rollout
Owners of the Model S in countries outside the US need not feel jealous anymore . Tesla promised long ago that its autopilot features will also roll out to other countries once it has gained regulatory approval . Well , it just gained regulatory approval . Over at Twitter , CEO Elon Musk victoriously shared that the self-driving features can now be enjoyed in all other countries . Well , almost all other countries . In addition , he also announced a minor update already in the works for models receiving the autopilot features .
This is not yet that fabled full autonomous driving , a technology that Musk says is still three years or so in the making . Instead , the Autopilot feature is more focused on things like emergency automatic steering , automatic lane changing , and automatic lane parking . The feature set is meant more to assist rather than replace human drivers .
Tesla rolled out the features in the firmware 7 updates last Thursday . That launch was mostly for US models of the Model S with a promise for an international roll out soon . That day has come for almost all country with the lone exception of Japan , where autopilot is still under review . Unlike many carmakers , the firmware update can be downloaded directly via Wi-Fi or even cellular data , without the need to go through dealers .
Musk also announced version 1.01 of the Autopilot feature . It wo n't yet include the promised self-parking feature but is instead a laundry list of fixes for features including curve speed adaptation and controller smoothness . Most notable is the improved fleet learning . With the Autopilot feature , Model S cars are able to learn from each other , so eventually even poorly marked roads will be no problem for the cars . No timeline yet , however , on when the said update will roll out .
VIA : AutoBlog
Friday , July 9 , 2010
Octavia Nasr in a publicity photo
Atlanta-based CNN journalist Octavia Nasr , 20-year veteran of the network and senior editor for Middle East affairs , was reprimanded for a Twitter comment published on Sunday in which she expressed sadness at the death of Iraqi-born Lebanese Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah . In the post , the journalist stated that she was `` Sad to hear of the passing of Sayyed Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah .. One of Hezbollah 's giants I respect a lot .. '' .
According to a New York Times blog , after Parisa Khosravi , the CNN senior vice president , `` had a conversation '' with Ms. Nasr she was formally asked to step down . She left the network on Wednesday .
Brian Stelter of the Times reports that the issue was originally brought to the public 's attention by online supporters of Israel , who republished the comment widely . They criticised her for being a `` Hezbollah sympathizer '' for a man who was `` committed to the destruction of Israel . '' Critics point to comment Fadlallah has made in the past about the Holocaust , in which he questions the veracity of the agreed-upon figures of Jewish deaths in concentration camps .
`` Is this the sort of extremist figure that CNN 's Senior Editor of Mideast Affairs should be professing her respect for ? '' asked HonestReporting , the media watchdog group which purports to defend Israel `` against prejudice in the media . ''
Salon reporter Glenn Greenwald has responded to these allegations of `` prejudice '' by pointing to similar cases in which no controversy arose : `` The Washington Post lavished editorial praise on the brutal , right-wing tyrant Augusto Pinochet , and that caused no controversy ... Benjamin Netanyahu formally celebrates the Terrorist bombing of the King David Hotel that killed ... 78 civilians and nobody is stigmatized for supporting him . Erick Erickson sent around the most rancid and arguably racist tweets , only to thereafter be hired as a CNN contributor . ''
Lebanese author and academic Dr. As'ad Abu-Khalil has also argued that commentators have not properly placed Fadlallah in context , and pointed to the schools and orphanages he founded in Beirut and southern Lebanon . Amira Al Hussaini of Global Voices quotes Abu-Khalil 's post , saying `` His [ Fadlallah 's ] relationship with Hizbullah is always misunderstood ... he broke from Wilayat Al-Faqih ... and developed a new liberal thinking especially on issues of personal status laws . '' He also `` urged for a closer relationship between science and religion '' , which drew the ire of both Iran and Hizbullah .
Nasr herself clarified her comment the day before her dismissal on a post to her CNN blog , saying that she used the words `` respect '' and `` sad '' because `` to me as a Middle Eastern woman , Fadlallah took a contrarian and pioneering stand among Shia clerics on woman 's rights . He called for the abolition of the tribal system of 'honor killing . ' He called the practice primitive and non-productive . He warned Muslim men that abuse of women was against Islam . ''
The cleric has been a controversial figure in the West and has been blacklisted by the United States as a terrorist for several years , along with Hizbullah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah . He is thought to have been the target of a 1985 car bombing in Beirut , which killed 80 people but not the Ayatollah himself . The BBC reports it may have been `` the work of the CIA , possibly in conjunction with regional intelligence agencies friendly to the US '' , while David Kenner of Foreign Policy writes that the plot was all but confirmed by Bob Woodward through interviews with then-CIA Director William Casey .
Sources
PUBLICANS are hoping to pull pints until the small hours on the night of the Scottish ­independence referendum , with a string of bids to push back last orders to 6am .
Three city bars have moved to extend their on-sales licence by several hours on ­September 18 to cater for an expected wave of political anoraks ­wanting to watch poll updates through the night .
More are expected to now follow suit .
It is thought activists from both pro-union and Independence camps may also seek out watering holes to watch the drama unfold and toast their success or drown their sorrows when the more accurate vote projections are revealed in the early hours of Friday .
With results from the ­ballot expected to be announced at 7am , one Capital ­licensing chief said patrons could end up drinking “ longer than is really good for them ” .
Among those applying for late licences is the Golden Rule pub on Yeaman Place , ­Polwarth , and ­Carriers Quarters in ­Bernard Street , Leith – both run by the ­Shilling Group and aiming for 5am extensions .
Firm director Michael McGuigan said he wanted his pubs to be open for “ one of the biggest nights in Scotland 's history . ”
“ From all the things I have read , it seems we 're going to get a very strong sense of what the outcome is going to be sometime between the hours of 1.30am and 3am , ” he said . “ Based on that , I think a lot of people are going to want to stay on at the pub and watch the results coming in .
“ We 'll be making a bit of a celebration out of the fact that it 's a huge day in Scotland 's history . ”
Golden Rule assistant ­manager Amy Grier said regulars would welcome toasting the ­referendum result , whatever it is . I think there will be a great atmosphere if we get the licence , ” she said .
“ It 's been a massive topic of conversation among our ­regulars for the past few months , and they 're quite an opinionated bunch .
“ They 'll be quite keen for the chance to stay up and watch the results . We 've had requests to put the debate on the ­televisions as well . ”
Another hoping to attract political night owls is the ­Radical Road , in Duddingston , formerly known as the Radical Right in a nod to the footballing exploits of ex-owner Hibs winger Gordon Smith rather than political affiliation .
The Willowbrae Road bar has applied for a licence to serve drinks until 6am in ­anticipation of hundreds of Yes supporters gathering for what they hope will be a once-in-300-year celebration .
Pub landlord Martin ­Mitchell is pressing for a licence that would allow him to keep the pub open until around the time Scotland 's constitutional future is announced .
He said : “ There 's no ­precedent for this , I believe .
“ We 've been told that there is absolutely no way that we 're getting a result before six o'clock in the morning so what 's the point having a three o'clock licence or even a five o'clock licence ?
“ In reality , what you 're doing to your customers is saying that at the end of that , ‘ Away you go , you 're not knowing the result ' ”
With the eyes of the world on Scotland – and 600 foreign journalists based at Grassmarket 's Apex Hotel – surrounding pubs are expected to be thronged with reporters late into the night . None have yet applied for late licences .
Paul Waterson , a spokesman for the Scottish Licensed Trade Association , said the referendum was a unique opportunity for pubs and bars .
“ It 's an important date , and a very important event , ” he said . “ Who knows when the result will be known , it could go on into the early morning .
“ Whatever the result , one side of the argument will be partying by the end of the night or drowning their sorrows . ”
City licensing vice-convener Cllr Gavin Barrie said he said watching the results through the bottom of a pint glass might be a niche pursuit . While I understand that people will want to do that , if you 're ­waiting for the result , it 's going to be a long night , ” he said .
“ If you are going to a pub , you 're going to be there a long time . That may be why some pubs are applying and others are n't . It may be that people will be in licenced premises longer than is really good for them .
“ The activists who will be working all day , by the time they get cleared up and can go to a bar , a later licence might suit them , but as far the count is concerned , that 's a different thing . ”
But Cllr Barrie believes there is no prospect of passions spilling over into ­bar-room brawls . He said : “ The small amount of animosity that there has been , compared to the amazing amount of people that have been involved , there is no way that will overshadow this historic campaign . ”
It is understood Police Scotland have not yet objected to late licences .
Students lose their votes in registration blunder
STUDENTS have lost their say over Scotland 's future after an embarrassing “ cock-up ” meant they were n't registered to vote in the referendum .
They expected to be added to the electoral roll after filling out forms at a stall run by the Scottish Youth Parliament at West Lothian College .
But the volunteer tasked with sending the documents to electoral chiefs fell ill and failed to deliver them in time for the September 2 cut-off .
The Lothian Joint Valuation Board said “ it is now too late ” for the 19 students hit by the blunder , which has cost an SYP worker their job .
Would-be Yes voter Kirsty Cosgrove , 28 , said the independence campaign had inspired her to get involved in politics for the first time in her life .
She said : “ I 've never voted in my life , but I felt so strongly , so passionately , about this vote that I was actually determined to have my voice heard .
“ This was my chance to help make the biggest decision in Scotland 's history – and it 's just been snatched away from me . ”
Fellow student Lynsey Kiernan , 25 , said the SYP team should have sent the forms away straight after the visit to the college last month .
Ms Kiernan – who also planned to vote Yes – said : “ We filled out our forms on August 15 , so I ca n't figure out why they were n't posted the next day . It just does n't make sense .
“ I have a young daughter , and I wanted to vote in the referendum so that I could make sure she would have a better future .
“ Because of this mix-up , 19 people have lost their right to vote .
“ And because this referendum is going to be so tight , those could have been the votes that decided whether we become independent . ”
Jennifer Hood , the volunteer with SYP who was tasked with making sure the forms reached the Lothian Joint Valuation Board , apologised in an e-mail to the students .
She wrote : “ I was given the wrong deadline , and so this means that unfortunately you are not able to vote in this case . All I can do is apologise .
“ I have n't been very well either and have been unable to hand in the forms . I feel really bad that this has happened . ”
A spokesman for SYP said that the volunteers manning the West Lothian stall had “ been working outside of their remit ” by collecting the registration forms in the absence of a “ core staff member ” .
He revealed that the person responsible for overseeing volunteers was no longer employed by the organisation .
He said : “ We are very disappointed this isolated situation has taken place and we apologise to West Lothian College students affected . ”
‘ Remarkable ' man 's dreams for a Yes vote delivered from beyond the grave
A “ REMARKABLE ” man who died before he had a chance to cast his vote set out his dreams for the future in an article called “ Our Scotland ” .
Neil Robertson , 30 , asked his carer to transcribe the moving piece – which describes a nation “ based on respect and peace ” – before he passed away in April from Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
He was diagnosed with the genetic disease , which gradually causes weakness and loss of muscle function , when he was three , but went on to live an independent life .
Neil gave support and hope to others with the life-limiting condition , where many do not live beyond their teens .
In a clear message of support for the Yes camp , Neil wrote : “ My Scotland is one where there is full pay equality ; a country where disabled people are seen as vital members of society ; where sexual orientation does n't matter ; where ethnic differences are valued ; where everyone has a right to express an opinion and disagree ; where hatred and violence are not accepted .
“ As in all countries , the majority of people are decent , honest and hardworking . In the minority are people who ca n't be bothered , avoid paying taxes , abuse drugs and alcohol and do n't appreciate our free education and health systems .
“ Westminster , through the bedroom tax system , has shown that it does n't care about the disabled . ”
Relatives said Neil refused to let his illness get in the way of living , despite being confined to a wheelchair from the age of eight . He went to Balerno High before going to Telford College where he earned qualifications in tourism and sports coaching and lived on his own in Lauriston .
Mum Lindsay recently found the notes amongst his possessions and wanted to share them as he tragically never had the chance to vote . She said : “ A Yes vote was his dream . One of my first thoughts when he passed away was ‘ it 's so sad he 's not going to see it ' . He did n't quite make it .
“ Neil was very able and very politically aware . He was an active member of the SNP and I was encouraging him to try to become a councillor – use his voice when he could n't use his body .
“ The ironic thing is that he did n't live to see the results . He took quite ill suddenly and passed away quickly . ”
She said Neil 's 31st birthday would have been on September 25 and he had hoped it would be a double celebration .
In the three-page essay , Neil writes about Scotland having decided its future .
He signs off by writing : “ Let us grab this chance of independence . No more thoughts of the fields of Bannockburn and Culloden . Like autumn leaves in the past they will remain .
“ The leaves that appear in the spring will be Scotland 's brand-new chance . Things wo n't always be perfect . Sometimes it will be winter but we will have our summer one day . ”
Home >
News >
Boston Globe >
Ideas Opinion/Ideas Bug bomb Why our next terrorist attack could come on six legs
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES All Globe stories since 2003 are now FREE More search options Advertisement Advertisement
Image copyright Thames Water Image caption Thames Water said clearing the blockage was vital to prevent sewer flooding
A `` fatberg '' clogging up a sewerage pipe in the centre of Oxford is threatening to cause waste to back up and come out into people 's homes .
The mass of fat and wet-wipes has built up and hardened , causing the sewer under Hollybush Row to collapse .
Anthony Crawford from Thames Water said : `` Wet-wipes cling to the fat , fat clings to the wipes and pretty soon your fatberg is out of control . ''
The firm said the road would be closed for two weeks from 7 April .
Mr Crawford said : `` We 're really sorry to anyone inconvenienced by our work .
`` However , it is vital we clear this blockage before people suffer the misery of sewer flooding . ''
Last year , Thames Water removed a 15-tonne `` bus-sized lump '' of food fat mixed with wet-wipes from underneath Kingston-upon-Thames .
6 Qt . Storage Box in White and Clear Plastic is rated 4.7 out of 5 by 241 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jimy from Ca n't Beat These ! ! ! Especially for the price , these are my go-to organization boxes around the house . I recently undertook the task of reorganizing some of the little things around the house and putting them on shelves in the basement . These boxes were a lifesaver . I have purchased about 40 of these , drop some items in them , label the box ( e.g . `` extension cords '' or `` screws '' or whatever ) , and stack the boxes on the HDX plastic shelving I put in the basement ( you can get 3x3 to a shelf - see picture ) . I even use these at my office to keep snacks and treats for when people ( READ : my three-year-old ) come to visit . As much as it is possible to love inanimate plastic boxes , I do love these .
Rated 5 out of 5 by DFR from These arrived in good condition . We are using them to ... These arrived in good condition . We are using them to hold potted plants along a narrow shelf so that the watering of the plants does not affect anything below . So far , seem to be working well for that . They were the correct dimensions we needed .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jmw from We needed a large quantity for a Christmas project . These ... We needed a large quantity for a Christmas project . These were available at the last minute and worked perfectly . The THD staff were very helpful and friendly .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Pam from I was disappointed when I saw how small they were .... I was disappointed when I saw how small they were . The picture portrays them as bigger . They are sturdy and I will use them in a different way than planned
Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from I have used these storage containers for years . They are ... I have used these storage containers for years . They are good general purpose container that are sufficiently strong for most purposes .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Louie from I have a twofold usage for these boxes , store my shoes in and for Operation Christmas Child gift ... I have a twofold usage for these boxes , store my shoes in and for Operation Christmas Child gift boxes . Works well for both usages .
Rated 5 out of 5 by thewall from its very clear to see what you 've put inside to ... its very clear to see what you 've put inside to store . the wife uses it to separate her cooking supplies with .
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
The Milwaukee Cup March attracted about 300 attendees who want professional soccer in Milwaukee . The march was a fundraiser hosted by the Milwaukee Soccer Development Group ( MSDG ) on September 17th . The group marched from Twisted Fisherman Crab Shack ( 1200 W. Canal St. ) to the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee vs Marquette University men 's soccer game at Valley Fields ( 1818 W. Canal St. ) .
“ Today 's purpose is to unite the community to prove that we deserve an outdoor team . Our two speakers are Dan Adams , who is a huge soccer fan and Hector Navarro , who came to the U.S. from Mexico and got a scholarship to play soccer at Marquette , ” said James Moran , director of MSDG . Moran also said that he intends to raise money to create soccer fields in abandoned tennis courts in the city . He believes that the event was a huge success .
At Twisted Fisherman Crab Shack , attendees enjoyed a cookout , and children played soccer as De La Buena played music . At about 6 p.m. , the speakers spoke about their passion for soccer and let the audience participate . Adams is a personal friend of Moran and helps with MSDG events . He grew up playing soccer , and enjoyed watching an outdoor soccer team back in the 1990 's in Milwaukee . Adams is a neighborhood planning coordinator works for Layton Boulevard West Neighbors ( LBWN ) and said that soccer is the most popular sport in Milwaukee 's south side . In 2011 , Adams helped conduct an LBWN neighborhood planning process on how residents see the neighborhood and changes they want made . He believes that implementing soccer fields in the city eliminates the need to drive out to the suburbs or county parks .
“ The south side is one of the densest in Milwaukee . We discovered there 's a huge lack of space for sports and recreation . They voted for soccer as the number one sport we need more space for ” explains Adams .
Adams believes the event was a success in getting people in the community together .
“ We had a professional team in the past and I think today is about deciding how we 're going to get one again . Milwaukee Wave are one of the longest running indoor teams in the country , so think about how popular outdoor soccer will be here , ” Adams said .
Attendees ranged from various ethnic backgrounds and age groups . Many were college students or parents of children in Milwaukee who play soccer . Karen Lopez , an MATC student played soccer in high school and attended with her boyfriend , friends , and brother .
“ My boyfriend and brother are in soccer clubs and I 'm a major soccer fan myself ; we 're Mexican , so it 's in our blood , ” she laughs . “ Although I enjoy playing soccer indoors , I prefer to watch outdoor soccer . I know so many people that would love to have an outdoor team and I would join myself . ”
Milwaukee Soccer Development Group is a non-profit organization which helps raise funds for soccer scholarships , equipment , and events for youth in the Greater Milwaukee area . Visit to www.milsoccerdg.org for more information about the organization and their goals .
Photos from the March
In one of the police academies I attended we watched a video of a police shooting . Two officers in two patrol cars were on a traffic stop and tried to arrest a passenger who had given them a fake name . The passenger started swinging , punched both officers and knocked them to the ground , then ran toward the second patrol car . One of the officers shot him .
Several cadets expressed outrage at the shooting . I had already been a cop for a few years , and had a different view . I argued that the cadets should look at the incident from the officers ' perspective . The officers were making a lawful arrest , they had both been assaulted and beaten badly , and may have thought the suspect was running toward the second patrol car to retrieve a weapon . At that point , a few years into my career , I had already been knocked silly a couple of times , and I knew those officers probably had their bells rung and could have honestly believed they were in life-threatening danger . I did n't argue that the officers were definitely right , just that the situation may have been more complex than the inexperienced cadets thought .
One female cadet blurted , “ Just because you were already a cop , you think that whatever cops do is right ! ”
I groaned quietly . “ No . I 'm saying the officers got the crap beat out of them and may have thought the suspect was about to get one of their shotguns and shoot them. ” Then I asked , “ Have you ever been in a fight ? ”
“ I 've been in lots of fights ! ” she exclaimed . “ I 've been in fights at school and at clubs , I know what it 's like to get in a fight . Those cops had no reason to shoot that guy . All he did was hit them . ”
The instructor shut our conversation down . I did n't bring it up again . Until several months later , after the female cadet learned a hard lesson .
Toward the end of the academy we went through a very difficult training exercise . We had to run around the academy building , run up and down stairs several times , drag a dummy and a few other things , then get into a ring and fight an instructor for several minutes . The instructor was all padded up , and all we had was a soft foam baton and fake pistol . Most of the cadets got into the ring totally worn out , then got worked over by the instructor .
I was standing outside the ring when the female cadet went through . The instructor she faced was a very strong , female workout fanatic . The cadet ran into the ring panting and sweating , faced the instructor and yelled , “ You 're under arrest ! Turn around and put your hands behind your back ! ”
Without a word , the instructor threw a blindingly fast punch and nailed the cadet right between the eyes .
The cadet slammed onto her back . Her eyes were wide open and staring straight up , her mouth hanging slack . She was totally dazed from the blow . You could almost see the birds and stars swirling around her head .
Everyone screamed at her to get up . She eventually did , and did her best to put up a defense . But the fight was pretty much over after the first hit .
After the exercise , I casually said to the cadet , “ So , I thought you had been in a lot of fights . ”
She answered , “ Yeah , but not like that ! I was in girl fights . All we did was scratch each other and pull hair . That instructor hit me like a man . ”
As I said , she learned an important lesson that day . If that instructor had n't knocked the crap out of her , she might have hit the street not knowing that one punch can completely disable someone . The cadet went on to become a very good officer .
During the uproar over the Trayvon Martin court case , I heard a lot of intelligent , educated people comment that “ All Trayvon did was hit Zimmerman . That 's no reason to shoot someone. ” And I saw in them the same ignorance of reality that the instructor had beaten out of the female cadet .
The people who made those comments have probably never been in a real fight . But , like the cadet , they think they have . They maybe had a few schoolyard scuffles , where neither side was trying to kill the other . They threw a few punches and kicks , without intending to really hurt their opponent , and their opponent landed a few blows without really hurting them . Worst case , someone got a bloody nose , or split lip . Maybe these people only watched others fight , and were never in one themselves .
But no matter . Even though their mental concept of a fight is two five year olds slapping each other under the monkey bars , they still believe their narrow experience with “ fighting ” makes them qualified to dictate when we 're allowed to use a gun to defend ourselves from someone who 's “ only ” throwing punches . They do n't seem to notice that no UFC or MMA fighters , people with real , actual fighting experience , are proclaiming “ Your life ca n't be in danger from being punched . ”
Well , here 's some reality for those who think it 's always wrong to shoot an unarmed person , or who ca n't fathom how George Zimmerman could have possibly been justified in shooting Trayvon Martin .
Last year an El Paso , Texas police officer was beaten to death by an unarmed 17 year old . The teenager punched the officer , knocked him backward onto the concrete , then straddled him and beat him severely . The officer never regained consciousness and died nine days later . He was a 29 year old Marine Corps veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan .
http : //www.elpasotimes.com/tablehome/ci_21708260/el-paso-police-officer-dies-from-sept-25
A few days ago an off-duty NYPD officer was knocked out with one punch . His attacker then repeatedly punched and kicked him while he was unconscious and helpless , and also slammed the back of his head into the concrete . The officer is currently in a medically-induced coma .
http : //www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/off-duty-savagely-beaten-ozone-park-article-1.1519988
Here 's the video of the attack on the NYPD officer . Please watch the whole thing .
Unarmed teenagers playing the “ Knockout Game ” , which has suddenly become a subject of nationwide outrage , have killed at least three people .
http : //washington.cbslocal.com/2013/11/16/potentially-fatal-knockout-game-targeting-strangers-may-be-spreading-to-d-c/
Watch the video on the link . Tell me that none of those victims were in danger of dying from those attacks . If you can watch that innocent , unsuspecting woman get knocked unconscious at the 2:00 mark and say , “ But the person who hit her was unarmed and therefore no danger to her , ” you 're worse than “ ignorant ” . You 're willfully blind to an obvious truth .
Incidents like the ones listed above should push good , decent people to not only arm themselves but to also be constantly vigilant and situationally aware . In the two incidents involving police officers , I do n't know if they were armed . As strange as it is to me , some cops do n't carry off duty . If these two officers were armed , they did n't maintain distance and escalate their use of force ( draw their weapon ) when it was reasonable and prudent to do so .
Carrying a gun does n't make anyone invincible , and should never be anyone 's sole means of defense . But possession of a concealed pistol , coupled with good situational awareness and will to act , can be what protects you from being beaten to death by an unarmed thug . I carry a weapon so I 'm capable of responding to several different types of threats : street criminals with guns or knives , terrorist mall attacks , active shooters . And unarmed thugs capable of killing innocent people with their bare hands .
No , shooting an unarmed person who threatens to hit you should n't be your default response . But very often it is the right thing to do .
If you watched those videos and still feel that it 's always wrong to shoot an unarmed person , or that George Zimmerman , moron though he may be , could not possibly have been justified in shooting Trayvon Martin , I have a request for you . Put down your latte , step out of your insulated little academic/theoretical cocoon , walk into the real world and start a fight with the first street thug you see . After you awaken from your brutal beating , if you still believe deadly force against an unarmed person is never justified , then by all means do n't carry a gun .
Guys like me , on the other hand , will continue to carry our guns . And if we 're someday confronted by an unarmed scumbag who looks like he could beat us to death , or if we spot the signs that we 're about to become a playtoy for the “ Knockout Game ” , we 're going to draw , aim , and engage as necessary . Because we 're not clueless idealists who know nothing about real life and real danger .
A One Nation candidate for the West Australian seat of Pilbara is in strife after articles he wrote for Quadrant surfaced in the media .
In a March 2015 article , candidate David Archibald suggests a range of welfare programs which should be cut because they support ‘ lifestyle choices ' .
“ The first that springs to mind is single motherhood , ” he writes .
“ These are women too lazy to attract and hold a mate , undoing the work of possibly three million years of evolutionary pressure . ”
“ This will result in a rapid rise in the portion of the population that is lazy and ugly . We know what causes pregnancy these days , so everyone who gets pregnant outside of marriage is a volunteer . ”
Mr Archibald confirmed with the ABC that he stands by the comments .
Related Reading : Dumped candidate labels Hanson a puppet
Federal Labor frontbencher Anthony Albanese , himself raised by a single mother , has called for One Nation to drop the candidate ahead of the March 11 state election .
`` The idea that if you have a single mother you are somehow less of a human being , really belongs way back in the dark ages , '' Mr Albanese said .
The resurgent minor political party has struggled with a string of controversial candidates which have raised questions about the party 's vetting process .
Federal One Nation Senator Rob Culleton has been ejected from parliament after being declared bankrupt and the party recently dropped a state candidate in Queensland after homophobic comments .
But for now it appears the party is standing by David Archibald .
WA One Nation leader Colin Tincknell has said “ it 's not the end of David . ”
In comments to The Australian last night , he characterized the comments as “ tongue in cheek ” and said Mr Archibald had been “ a bit naughty ” .
In the article Mr Archibald also takes aim at childcare funding , spending on Indigenous affairs and the disability pension .
“ Second , the 800,000 Australians on the disability pension . OK , not all of them . But a good proportion are able to drive cars , bash police and each other , go fishing and so on , ” he writes .
In another article , Mr Archibald branded the Stolen Generations a “ concocted ” myth .
Earlier this week Pauline Hanson said she wo n't let rogue candidates destroy the ambitions she has for One Nation .
`` No one , no one is going to take it over and destroy what I want to achieve , what I want to do , '' she said .
`` I can assure you , [ with ] 20 years ' experience , knowledge , wisdom , understanding ... I 've taken over the leadership of this party . ''
new report by Oxfam revealed shocking data concerning the working conditions in the US chicken industry . They prove that the corporate neo-Feudalism is actually here already . We are talking about slavery conditions inside an increasingly deregulated environment where workers lose rapidly all their rights and benefits . Only a few examples from the report reveal the shocking picture :
Routinely , poultry workers say , they are denied breaks to use the bathroom . Supervisors mock their needs and ignore their requests ; they threaten punishment or firing . Workers wait inordinately long times ( an hour or more ) , then race to accomplish the task within a certain timeframe ( e.g. , ten minutes ) or risk discipline . Workers struggle to cope with this denial of a basic human need . They urinate and defecate while standing on the line ; they wear diapers to work ; they restrict intake of liquids and fluids to dangerous degrees ; they endure pain and discomfort while they worry about their health and job security . And it 's not just their dignity that suffers : they are in danger of serious health problems .
Supervisors deny requests to use the bathroom because they are under pressure to maintain the speed of the processing line , and to keep up production . Once a poultry plant roars to a start at the beginning of the day , it does n't stop until all the chickens are processed . Workers are reduced to pieces of the machine , little more than the body parts that hang , cut , trim , and load—rapidly and relentlessly .
Supervisors sometimes taunt the line workers for their need to use the restroom at all ; they tell them to drink and eat less . Fern , who works at a Tyson plant in Arkansas says , “ Our supervisor always makes fun of us . He says we eat too much so we go to the bathroom a lot. ” Other workers at Tyson echo the statement ; Betty notes , “ That 's what they say to us . Do n't drink and eat a lot—if you do , you will end up in the bathroom five times a day. ” In a lawsuit against a poultry company in Mississippi , women workers say that their supervisor “ charged them money for such things as using the bathroom .
Although they are reluctant to talk about it , workers from across the country report that they and their coworkers have made the uncomfortable decision to wear adult diapers to work . Not only do the diapers absorb accidents , they provide a degree of protection from the danger of asking permission to leave the line . Many workers are afraid of being mocked , punished , or fired . Betty , who works at a Tyson plant in Arkansas , says that on her own line , two people regularly wear diapers . One woman does so , Betty says , “ because she ca n't go to the bathroom when she needs to because they do n't let her. ” Marta , from a Pilgrim 's plant in Texas , also reports that people in her plant wear diapers to work .
Erma , who worked at a Sanderson plant in Mississippi , notes that “ Women have to tell male supervisors why they have to go to the bathroom and only have a few minutes to go and return . The supervisors are not considering the time it takes to walk to the restroom , remove your gear , put your gear back on and return to the line in those few minutes. ” At a Tyson plant in Indiana , the second half of the night shift is a solid block of five hours ( 9pm to 2am ) . There are no scheduled breaks ; workers are given only five minutes to go to the bathroom upon request—hardly enough time for all the steps required to leave the line and use the restroom .
In essence , the workers ' rights are nearly vanished because the workers do n't dare to report the violations , as they fear that they will lose their job . TTIP-type agreements force for more deregulation concerning the working rights . According to Oxfam ( see video above ) , only four companies control nearly 60 % of US chicken production . Where we have powerful lobbies they always push for increasingly reduced labor rights .
Additionally , the loss of jobs in other sectors due to hyper-automation creates oversupply of available workforce . The machines are pushing towards a fierce competition between the workers who seek desperately for a job in sectors that are still occupied by human labor . But this is only an intermediate stage as robots will soon occupy these positions too . Until then , the chicken industry will exploit the human labor `` until the last drop '' before dumping it like an empty peel of lemon .
The description in Oxfam 's report is characteristic . Humans are denied even basic needs and pushed towards robotic behavior . The phrase “ Workers are reduced to pieces of the machine , little more than the body parts that hang , cut , trim , and load ... ” , shows characteristically that workers in the US do not have to compete with other cheap labor abroad anymore , but with a workforce which appears to be unbeatable : hyper-automated machines .
An additional proof for this new situation can be found , for example , in both China and US , something which , by the way , shows that Donald Trump either does n't understand the rapidly formed new conditions , or , he is targeting China on purpose .
As the theantimedia reported :
Colonel Sanders is raising a robot army to serve fried chicken at a restaurant near you . KFC 's first automated restaurant , called Original+ , went live in Shanghai on April 25th , complete with an artificially intelligent robot manager named “ Du Mi ” who works at the front counter .
According to Chinese news outlet Sohu , “ ‘ Du Mi ' marks the first commercial use of artificial intelligence in the fast food industry . The artificial intelligence robot was launched by China 's leading web services company Baidu during its World Conference in 2015. ” KFC hopes that the hip new automated restaurant will attract young customers with its free wireless phone charging stations and human-less eating experience .
Therefore , it 's a matter of time before the machines occupy the chicken industry in the US ( where robots could be probably adapted more easily than in a restaurant ) , and as the example above shows , even managers could be replaced by robots . The process has already started in the US in other sectors as Yanis Varoufakis revealed already two years ago :
Ryan Kwanten . Photo : Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images
Last we spoke with Ryan Kwanten , we learned that the True Blood actor was , in fact , a freak of nature . He does n't work out for his role ( staying active is just “ who I am , ” he said ) , performs superhuman feats ( surviving a shark attack , rescuing a man passed out in the street ) , and is inexplicably the most modest Aussie Adonis you 'll ever meet . To our delight , he has n't changed since then . His far less motivated True Blood character , however , has undergone a makeover of sorts . In season five , Jason Stackhouse has become a fairly competent man of the law — one who still takes his shirt off at the drop of a hat , but now manages to do it with some soul . Is True Blood 's OG manbot finally evolving , in light of his investigation into his parents ' deaths ? Vulture rang up Kwanten for answers .
I noticed that this season you have more scenes with Anna Paquin than in previous ones .
Anna and I have been petitioning for it for a little while . It really helps to keep the show grounded with that honest reality of seeing a brother-sister relationship . We were also cautious to make sure Anna [ who is pregnant with her first child ] was looked after all the time . We 've been shooting this show for over five years , so we 're a very tight-knit crew who really adores Anna . And she was such a trooper .
Sookie and Jason 's big mission this season is to find out which vampire killed their parents . How will Bill and Eric figure into that story line ?
Jason is going to try to track down who it was . The hardest thing is now is realizing , Does he blame all vampires , or does he just look for the one ? I do n't think he suspects it 's someone they know . I 'm sorry , I have to be rather vague with my answers — they get shorter and shorter every year .
How will Jason 's revelation that he 's too motivated by sex play out this season ?
That 's a huge thing for Jason , to realize that 's not his be all , end all — that he has more to offer the world than just that . It 's sad to hear him say that , but at the same time at least he 's trying to get better . In terms of his learning curve , it 's been greater and will continue to be greater , 'cause he started lower than anyone else on the show . There 's so much more for him to know .
What are the challenges of playing someone that dumb ?
That 's the thing : I see him more than simple as dumb . There 's an innocence to Jason . He can get away with some of the things he does because of that innocence . Whereas being dumb , you do n't really get sympathy for that . He was originally based on a couple of people I knew , but it 's turned into his own beast now .
Jason is in a bunch of story lines this season . Will he also play a sizable part in the Hoyt-Jessica-shifter story ?
Jessica will definitely come up again , and it 'll have its obvious ramifications . I love that they have Jason drifting in and out of all these story lines . Bon Temps is never short of police activity , so there 's always something for him to do . And he 's taking his job very seriously — that is another way in which he 's evolved . He 's finally found something he may even be remotely good at .
The online synopsis for episode ten mentions that Jason finds a scroll . What can you tell me about it ?
It 's the beginning of answers , and perhaps even more questions , for Jason . The scroll is sort of this ancient … from a long time ago . I 've got to be careful . It 's from a long time ago , and they have to figure out its meaning , but also figure out if it has anything to do with … if he can connect it with his parents dying . I feel like an idiot saying it like that .
You once told Men 's Health that you 've competed in a triathlon while drunk . That ca n't be true .
That is true ! I work very , very hard , so when I do get the chance to go out socially , it 's a relatively big night . I also have hobbies on the side , and quite often one runs into the other . It 's surprising when you are drunk — believe me , I 'm not endorsing getting drunk and doing a triathlon — but there is a numbness that comes over you when you are drunk . The element of pain does n't seem so pervasive . That afternoon , once the hangover kicked in , that was not very good .
You recently tweeted a picture of yourself in a zero-gravity chamber . What 's that about ?
That was an opportunity that came about . Such a bizarre life that I live … They take you out on a plane to 25,000 feet . I do n't want to get too scientific on you — not that I could anyway — but over the course of the flight , you 'll experience about seven and a half minutes of weightlessness . We were catching things in our mouth . And we did the rat run , where you run all over the plane . I guess it would take a greater man than me to say no to something like that . I was on a high for the next couple of weeks , much like I was when I first jumped out of a plane .
You say that as if you 've jumped out of a plane a lot .
It 's been double digits now , so …
At Wednesday night 's presidential debate , former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush went out of his way to tout “ a voucher program that was created under my watch , the largest voucher program in the country , where kids can go to a Christian school ” — a phrase he sandwiched into a conversation about Donald Trump criticizing him for speaking Spanish in public .
Julie Ingersoll , a religious studies professor at the University of North Florida , tweeted a reminder that her book on Christian Reconstructionism , which was recently released by Oxford University Press , mentions Bush 's voucher program . “ Building God 's Kingdom : Inside the World of Christian Reconstructionism ” includes chapters on the enormous influence of Christian Reconstructionism in the homeschooling and Christian school movements , which have succeeded in getting states like Florida to funnel taxpayer money to their religious education efforts
Christian Reconstructionism , grounded in the teachings of 20th-century writer R.J. Rushdoony , has greatly influenced both the Religious Right and Tea Party movements with its doctrine of “ sphere sovereignty , ” which states that God has given government , church , and family specific responsibilities over different “ spheres. ” Reconstructionists argue that there is no biblical authority for the government to take on a duty that is given to church or family – for example , they argue that the government has no role in caring for the poor because charity is the job of the church .
Reconstructionism teaches that education is the duty of parents , and that the state therefore has no role in or legitimate authority over the education of children . Reconstructionists led legal and political battles to win the right of parents to homeschool their children , and continue to resist efforts at regulating homeschoolers . As Ingersoll notes , “ Reconstructionists are unabashedly committed to the dismantling of public education , and their strategies and solutions have gained a hearing far beyond the boundaries of the small groups explicitly affiliated with them. ” In June , Texas Gov . Greg Abbott named a right-wing homeschooler to chair the state 's Board of Education .
The organized and intensely active network of evangelical homeschooling families in Iowa is credited , in part , with Mike Huckabee 's win in the 2008 Iowa caucus , and the Associated Press reported this year that presidential candidates have been jockeying for its leaders ' support .
Ingersoll also explores how central creationism is to the Christian Reconstructionist worldview ; as others have noted , creationism also forms the basis of “ science ” education in books and curricula used by some Christian schools and homeschoolers .
Ingersoll writes about the independent , Reconstructionism-inspired Rocky Bayou Christian School in Niceville , Florida , which was founded in the 1970s . In addition to the hundreds of students in its K-12 program , the school offers a program allowing homeschoolers to participate in courses and activities . Writes Ingersoll , “ RCBS also has a program designed to take advantage of Florida 's school voucher plan . The plan , put into place by former Governor Jeb Bush , permits students at ‘ failing public schools ' to obtain vouchers that can be used at any school . ”
According to Ingersoll , the Bush voucher program “ has become such a significant revenue stream ” for Rocky Bayou Christian School that “ it would have a major impact on the school if the state were to decide to discontinue the controversial program…. ” But , she notes , “ the conservative legislature took up the effort to expand the state 's privatization of public education with vouchers and the expansion of charter schools . ”
Indeed , legislation signed by Gov . Rick Scott last year expanded voucher and tax-credit programs ; it also , according to the Orlando Sentinel , created state-funded “ personal learning scholarship accounts ” that “ parents of students with certain disabilities can use to pay for private school , buy home-school curriculum or pay for needed therapies , among other services , if their child is not in public school . ”
Florida is not the only state where proponents of privatization have won victories . Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal used the Katrina disaster to push through a radical privatization scheme and has battled the Obama administration over its efforts to monitor the state 's voucher program 's effect on racial segregation . Proponents of “ school choice ” had a major victory in Nevada this year , where a law pushed by an education foundation created by Jeb Bush would allow parents of any income level to “ pull a child from the state 's public schools and take tax dollars with them , giving families the option to use public money to pay for private or parochial school or even for homeschooling. ” While some Christian homeschoolers want no part of voucher programs , because they believe taking voucher money would bring more intrusive government regulation , laws like Nevada 's could prove a windfall for Religious Right and Christian Reconstructionist groups that provide curricula to homeschoolers .
Ingersoll writes about a 2009 Men 's Leadership Summit hosted by the Christian Home Educators of Colorado at an Indianapolis facility of Bill Gothard 's Institute for Biblical Life Principles , a troubling organization in the news recently for its connection to the Duggar family . The purpose of the summit , writes Ingersoll , was the development of a “ Christian Education Manifesto , ” which is no longer public , but whose goals included the elimination of public education and dismantling of government agencies that regulate the rights of parents , such as child welfare and child protective service groups .
There have been some setbacks for the privatization movement . In June , the Colorado Supreme Court ruled that its state 's Choice Scholarship Pilot Program violates the state Constitution by channeling public money to private religious schools , contrary to an explicit constitutional prohibition on doing so .
But , as Ingersoll notes , the massively funded privatization movement is advancing the dream of the Christian Reconstructionists :
Input/Output , generally referred to as I/O , is a term that covers the ways that a computer interacts with the world . Screens , keyboards , files , and networks are all forms of I/O . Data from these devices is sent to and from programs as a stream of characters/bytes .
Unix-like systems treat all external devices as files . We can see these under the /dev directory . Read this list for a quick description of all the devices we might find under /dev for OS X .
For example ( truncated for brevity ) :
$ tree /dev /dev ├── disk0 ├── fd │ ├── 0 │ ├── 1 │ ├── 2 │ └── 3 [ error opening dir ] ├── null ├── stderr - > fd/2 ├── stdin - > fd/0 ├── stdout - > fd/1 ├── tty └── zero
I/O streams are located under the /dev/fd directory . Files there are given a number , known as a file descriptor . The operating system provides three streams by default . They are :
Standard input ( /dev/fd/0 )
) Standard output ( /dev/fd/1 )
) Standard error ( /dev/fd/2 )
They are often abbreviated to stdin , stdout , and stderr respectively . Standard input will default to reading from the keyboard while standard output and standard error both default to writing to the terminal . As can be seen above , /dev/stdout , /dev/stdin , and /dev/stderr are just symlinks to the appropriate file descriptor .
Ruby IO objects wrap Input/Output streams . The constants STDIN , STDOUT , and STDERR point to IO objects wrapping the standard streams . By default the global variables $ stdin , $ stdout , and $ stderr point to their respective constants . While the constants should always point to the default streams , the globals can be overwritten to point to another I/O stream such as a file . IO objects can be written to via puts and print .
$ stdout . puts 'Hello World '
We 've all written the shorthand version of this program :
puts 'Hello World '
The bare puts method is provided by ruby 's Kernel module that is just an alias to $ stdout.puts . Similarly , IO objects can be read from via gets . The bare gets provided by Kernel is an alias to $ stdin.gets
$ stdin is read-only while $ stdout and $ stderr are write-only .
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > $ stdin . puts 'foo ' IOError : not opened for writing [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > $ stdout . gets IOError : not opened for reading [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > $ stderr . gets IOError : not opened for reading
To create a new IO object , we need a file descriptor . In this case , 1 ( stdout ) .
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > io = IO . new ( 1 ) = > # < IO : fd 1 > [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > io . puts 'hello world ' hello world = > nil
What about creating IOs to other streams ? They do n't have constant file descriptors so we first need to get that via IO.sysopen .
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > fd = IO . sysopen ( '/dev/null ' , ' w+ ' ) = > 8 [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > dev_null = IO . new ( fd ) = > # < IO : fd 8 > [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > dev_null . puts 'hello ' = > nil [ 4 ] pry ( main ) > dev_null . gets = > nil [ 5 ] pry ( main ) > dev_null . close = > nil
/dev/null ( sometimes referred to as the “ bit bucket ” or “ black hole ” ) is the null device on Unix-like systems . Writing to it does nothing and attempting to read from it returns nothing ( nil in Ruby )
First , we get a file descriptor for a stream that that is read/write to the dev/null device . Then we create an IO object for this stream so we can interact with it in Ruby . When writing to dev_null , the text no longer appears on the screen . When reading from dev_null , we get nil .
Since everything on a Unix-like system is a file , we can open an IO stream to a text file in the same way we would open a device . We just create a file descriptor with the path to our file and then create an IO object for that file descriptor . When we are done with it , we close the stream to flush Ruby 's buffer and release the file descriptor back to the operating system . Attempting read or write from a closed stream will raise an IOError .
When working with an IO , we have to keep position in mind . Given that we 've opened a stream to the following file :
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet ...
and we call gets on it :
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > IO . sysopen '/Users/joelquenneville/Desktop/lorem.txt ' = > 8 [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > lorem = IO . new ( 8 ) = > # < IO : fd 8 > [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . gets = > `` Lorem ipsum
``
it returns the first line of the file and moves the cursor to the next line . If we check the position of the cursor :
[ 4 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . pos = > 12
If we call gets a few more times :
[ 5 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . gets = > `` dolor
`` [ 6 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . gets = > `` sit amet ...
`` [ 7 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . pos = > 30
we can see ruby 's “ cursor ” has moved . Now that we have read the whole file , what happens if we try to call gets ?
[ 8 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . gets = > nil [ 9 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . eof ? = > true
We see that it returns nil . We can ask a stream if we have reached “ end of file ” via eof ? . To return to the beginning of the stream , we can call rewind .
[ 10 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . rewind = > 0 [ 11 ] pry ( main ) > lorem . pos = > 0
This can lead to surprises when writing to a stream .
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > fd = IO . sysopen '/Users/joelquenneville/Desktop/test.txt ' , ' w+ ' = > 8 [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > io = IO . new ( fd ) = > # < IO : fd 8 > [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > io . puts 'hello world ' = > nil [ 4 ] pry ( main ) > io . puts 'goodbye world ' = > nil
This stream has the lines “ hello world ” and “ goodbye world ” . If we were to attempt to read :
[ 5 ] pry ( main ) > io . gets = > nil [ 6 ] pry ( main ) > io . eof ? = > true
Our cursor is currently at the end of the file . In order to read we would need to first rewind .
[ 7 ] pry ( main ) > io . rewind = > 0 [ 8 ] pry ( main ) > io . gets = > `` hello world
``
Any write operations in the middle of a stream will overwrite the existing data :
[ 9 ] pry ( main ) > io . pos = > 12 [ 10 ] pry ( main ) > io . puts `` middle '' = > nil [ 11 ] pry ( main ) > io . rewind = > 0 [ 12 ] pry ( main ) > io . read = > `` hello world
middle
world
``
This kind of behavior is necessary because streams do not get loaded into memory . Instead , only the lines being operated on are loaded . This is very useful because some streams can point to very large files that would be expensive to load in memory all at once . Streams can also be infinite . For example , $ stdin has no end . We can always read more data from it ( when it receives the message gets , it waits for the user to type something ) .
Ruby gives us a couple subclasses of IO that are more specialized for a particular type of IO :
File docs
Probably the most well known IO subclass . File allows us to read/write files without messing around with file descriptors . It also adds file-specific convenience methods such as File # size , File # chmod , and File.path .
Socket docs :
Ruby 's various socket classes inherit all ultimately inherit from IO .
For example , I have a server running on localhost:3000
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > require 'socket ' = > true [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > socket = TCPSocket . new 'localhost ' , 3000 = > # < TCPSocket : fd 10 > [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > socket . puts 'GET `` / '' ' = > nil [ 4 ] pry ( main ) > socket . gets = > `` HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request \r
``
StringIO docs
StringIO allows strings to behave like IO s. This is useful when we want to pass strings into systems that consume streams . This is common in tests where we might inject a StringIO instead of reading an actual file from disk . Unlike previous classes showcased , StringIO does not inherit from IO .
[ 1 ] pry ( main ) > string_io = StringIO . new ( 'hello world ' ) = > # < StringIO:0x007feacb0cd4e8 > [ 2 ] pry ( main ) > string_io . gets = > `` hello world '' [ 3 ] pry ( main ) > string_io . puts 'goodby world ' = > nil [ 4 ] pry ( main ) > string_io . rewind = > 0 [ 5 ] pry ( main ) > string_io . read = > `` hello worldgoodby world
``
Tempfile docs
Tempfile is another class that does n't inherit from IO . Instead , it implements File ‘ s interface and deals with temporary files . As such , it can be passed to any object that consumes IO -like objects .
Say we have the following class for some command-line program :
class SystemTask def execute puts `` preparing to execute '' puts `` starting first task '' first_task puts `` starting second task '' second_task puts `` execution complete '' end end
Testing this class causes all these messages to be output , cluttering our results . One approach to solving this problem would be to inject IO objects instead of calling Kernel # puts and to pass in a null object in tests .
class SystemTask def initialize ( io = $ stdout ) @ io = io end def execute @ io . puts `` preparing to execute '' @ io . puts `` starting first task '' first_task @ io . puts `` starting second task '' second_task @ io . puts `` execution complete '' end end
In production , we can still call SystemTask.new.execute as before . Now we can pass in our own IO in tests . This could be a test double , a StringIO , or a stream to /dev/null
describe SystemTask do # test double it `` executes tasks '' do io = double ( `` io '' , puts : nil ) system_task = SystemTask . new ( io ) system_task . execute # expect things to have happened # if we care about the messages , we can also expect on the double expect ( io ) . to have_received ( : puts ) . with ( `` preparing to execute '' ) end # StringIO it `` executes tasks '' do io = StringIO . new system_task = SystemTask . new ( io ) system_task . execute # expect things to have happened # if we care about the messages read from the string io io . rewind expect ( io . read ) . to eq `` preparing to execute
starting first task
starting second task
execution complete
`` end # /dev/null it `` executes tasks '' do io = File . open ( File : : NULL , ' w ' ) system_task = SystemTask . new ( io ) system_task . execute # expect things to have happened # only use /dev/null if we do n't care about the messages end end
While working on a recent project that pulled reports from several APIS s , we noticed some responses were strings , others were CSV documents , and others generate the report and then we had to make a request to another endpoint to download it
The solution was to create an adapter for each API that would get the data and return in a standard format wrapped in some type of IO-like object . A persistor object could then process and persist any of the reports as long as they were formatted the same way and were IO -like . For example :
class API1Report def fetch # fetch report ( comes down as a CSV doc ) # process it to get it in a standard format # return standardized report as a Tempfile object end end class API2Report def fetch # fetch report # returns it as a File object end end class Persistor def initialize ( report ) @ report = report end def persist # process and persist the report end end
Read an overview of 4.4 BSD 's I/O to develop a deeper understanding of Unix I/O , file descriptors , and devices .
Read the TTY system to understand the relationship between Unix jobs , processes , and I/O with the TTY device .
Practice Ruby I/O by cloning this repo .
Finally , go deeper into Ruby 's I/O in this chapter from Read Ruby .
About
New Rewards Added ! !
Super Deluxe Album Artwork Prints
Beautiful Art Prints of the production flat proofs of Björk 's studio album artworks , signed by Björk .
Debut / Post / Homogenic / Vespertine / Medulla / Volta / Biophilia
Super Deluxe Biophilia App Prints
Beautiful Art Prints of stills from the 10 Biophilia Apps , signed by Björk .
Thunderbolt / Moon / Crystalline / Cosmogony / Dark Matter / Hollow / Virus / Sacrifice / Mutual Core
Limited Edition Gold/Platinum Discs
Accompanied by official certificate of authenticity from One Little Indian Records , signed by Björk .
Debut / Post / Homogenic / Vespertine / Medulla / Volta / Biophilia
the biophilia educational program is a new way to teach children about science and music . it has met with success in many cities , sparking interest from kids and educators all over the world , from south america to east asia to africa . the most interest has come from students from low-income households and schools with underfunded art budgets , and the only way to bring the project to those people is to have biophilia reprogrammed for android and Windows 8 . the biophilia educational project is strictly non-profit and volunteer-based , and that 's why we need your help .
warmth
björk
--
A bit of an overview
Biophilia is a multimedia project which includes an album , a series of apps housed in one mother app , a live show and an educational program for children from all backgrounds . It 's all about exploring the areas where music , nature and technology meet , showing people how sound can work in nature while at the same time exploring the infinite expanse of the universe , from planetary systems to atomic structure .
The Biophilia Educational Program
As well as being available to the public , the Biophilia app is an important part of the Biophilia Educational Program . What is the Biophilia Educational Program ? Well…
We set up the Biophilia Educational Program as a non-profit project with the aim of making the ideas from Biophilia available to teachers and children around the world .
We started by offering free interactive science and music workshops for children that travel with Björk 's Biophilia live show residencies . So far , these workshops have taken place in Manchester , Reykjavik , New York , Buenos Aires and Oslo , with the next one coming to Paris in February . In each city , the Biophilia Educational Program has worked with local school authorities to create lessons , complete with a core syllabus and curriculum topics . In dealing with these topics , it aims to bring together knowledge of nature and science , music and technology .
The feedback from the workshops has been amazing ! For example , a teacher from Buenos Aires sent us this comment :
“ The teachers were as excited as the kids . Not only because of this new experience but also of the bigger concept . It 's revolutionary practice opens the mind to think about education differently . ”
This video was made during the Biophilia Educational Program 's workshops in Reykjavik :
It 's clear that learning and teaching using touch screens enables students of varied levels to learn in an intuitive way , and to contribute equally . The Biophilia app allows them to explore their creativity and develop their musical imagination , without them needing advanced technical and academic skills to do so .
We have seen the Biophilia App be used to great effect as a teaching tool for children with Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) . Often ADHD represents a barrier to success at school , however during the Biophilia educational workshops we witnessed children with ADHD and similar behavioral disorders excel to produce comparative work to their peers .
The tactile quality of the app encouraged the students to engage , to take their teaching into their own hands , literally , and this stopped them fidgeting or becoming distracted .
Also the open exploration format of the lessons , where children could work together or individually with the one-to-one assistance of an educator , allowed the students to move through the lesson at their own pace , so they fully grasped one aspect before moving on . The students own interest fuelled their learning and this meant their attention was held and they completed the tasks set .
However , there are many different types of touch screens being used in teaching aside from Apple devices . We have received lots of international requests for alternate versions of the app , many of which have come from areas with families on low incomes and schools with low budgets . So we want to make the app available to as many teachers and children as possible by making the app available on as many devices as possible .
We also want to develop curriculum-integrated ways of bringing the program into classrooms around the world . We have already put together a series of free ‘ Ideas For Teaching ' guides to assist teachers but there is plenty more to do !
The Biophilia app
The Biophilia App Suite is a 101 in musicology – An introduction to all basic elements of music learning .
The Biophilia app is widely regarded as an innovation in both music and technology . It 's the world 's first ‘ app album ' which means that each song on the album has it 's own interactive interpretation in the app . Playing with the app enables you to learn about time signatures , scales , chords and much more . For example `` Thunderbolt '' teaches how arpeggios work through manipulating lightning whilst `` Moon '' uses the tidal pull to drive sequencers and `` Solstice '' uses pendulums to explore counterpoint .
This video will give you a good idea of how the app works :
Each of the 10 songs within the Biophilia app reveal a different musicology theme and a corresponding natural element , which you can explore .
Thunderbolt - Arpeggios : Lightning
Moon - Sequencers : Tidal patterns
Dark Matter - Musical scales : Dark Matter
Crystalline - Song structure : Crystals
Hollow - Time signatures : DNA
Virus - Interactive music : Viruses
Solstice - Counterpoint : Gravity
Mutual Core - Chords : Tectonic plates
Sacrifice - Notation : Interaction of the sexes
Cosmogony - Harmony : Equilibrium
It was always our dream to make the Biophilia apps available on ALL touch screens . However , due to the costs involved , the app is only available to people with Apple devices , such as iPhones and iPads . Through this Kickstarter campaign , we want to raise the money to bring Biophilia to Android and Windows 8 touch screens for the first time !
This Kickstarter campaign
The money we raise from this Kickstarter campaign will pay for converting Biophilia apps to Android and Windows 8 devices . It will also go towards the development of an open-source curriculum guide for Biophilia Educators . We would like to be in a position to pay educational specialists to create Biophilia lesson plans and give them what they need to assist teachers to use the Biophilia apps in their music and science lessons .
To give everyone a look at what we 're doing , we 're launching the Biophilia Educational Program website biophiliaeducational.org . Take a look and see what the program has been doing so far . At this site , educators and parents alike can access the entire Biophilia Educational curriculum for free , and making the Biophilia apps available to Android & Windows 8 users will only increase the program 's accessibility . With your help , we can raise the money to achieve these goals .
We want to say thanks in advance to all of you who can help us do this .
Below , you 'll find descriptions of the items we 're offering . Many are completely exclusive to this Kickstarter campaign , so take a look , and once again , a huge thank you for your help .
Björk and the Biophilia Educational Program team x
--
Biophilia App :
See above ! Will be available for Android , Windows 8 and Mac Desktop !
With Formula One becoming more elusive through the passing of each season , sport car racing has become a haven for young racing drivers seeking a serious career in motor sport .
Last weekend 's Le Mans 24 Hours signalled an Australasian renaissance .
Brendon Hartley , Earl Bamber , Richie Stanaway and Mitch Evans have all made their way into the sports car ranks and are finding they can compete at the pointy end of the field without needing to take a mortgage out for valuable seat time .
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
As the beneficiary of a financial leg-up from Australian ruby legend David Campese when his career was on the ropes , Webber has seized the baton when it comes to supporting young drivers from Australasia .
“ We know that success on four wheels in the top echelon is really hard to achieve ” says Webber . “ There was a 20-year break between victories in Formula One – 21 years between myself and Alan Jones . It 's very hard for Aussies and Kiwis to come over here . ”
“ After I started to have junior success over here – as far back as the late 90s – drivers had to see that it was possible to come over and compete and have a chance . They actually had nothing to lose , because you could always go back and race in Australia or New Zealand .
“ Obviously I 've done a little bit . I sponsored Will ( Power ) , who got the Penske ( IndyCar ) drive in the U.S. , Richie has won Monaco in GP2 and young Mitch ( Evans ) , clearly deserves a chance , but it 's been notorious to try and get the funds to compete .
“ I mean no driver from Australia and New Zealand arrives in Europe completely minted and ready to go , it just does n't happen from our part of the world ” .
Webber admits that finance might be one thing , but backing without a strong mental aptitude is effectively pouring money down the drain – a fact he is keen to remind any driver aspiring for a career longer than the size of their ego .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ Helping them keep their feet on the ground ( is important ) as well . When youngsters think they 've made it , that 's when the ( real ) work starts . So it 's all about keeping them grounded at teaching them to focus when things start to happen for them . It 's a long , long career in motor sport and you never know who is watching . You 've got to keep working hard . ”
After coming within two hours of victory at Le Mans last year , you could forgive Webber for descending into a green mist after finishing second to Porsche 's young guns on just their first attempt .
Yet , it 's his genuine benevolent spirit and team work ethic that shines through when posed the awkward question .
“ I 'm not losing too much sleep over victories . They 'll come if you keep working hard . I 'm not a young guy who 's desperate . The trophy cabinet 's not too bad already . I obviously want to build on it in the future , but with composure it 'll come . ”
A bit of maturity , a love for sporting endeavour and nine grand prix wins will do that for you .
A Quinnipiac poll released Tuesday finds that New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie has a pathetic 19 percent approval rating , while a massive 77 percent of his state 's voters disapprove of him .
The administrators of the Quinnipiac University Poll said in a release that they 've been polling for more than 20 years , and this is “ the lowest approval rating ever measured for a governor ” in the states they 've surveyed .
Christie was once viewed as a political rising star and potential GOP presidential nominee , but when news of the Bridgegate scandal broke in early 2014 , his popularity started to fade . He never gained serious support in his presidential bid , and made his impact on the contest in his relatively early endorsement of and sycophantic support for Donald Trump .
Meanwhile , two former Christie administration officials were convicted in charges relating to the Bridgegate scandal last month , with prosecutors arguing that they intentionally created a major traffic jam in a New Jersey town to punish the town 's mayor for refusing to support Christie 's reelection campaign .
Christie has long denied knowing anything about his aides ' efforts , but both the prosecution and the defense in the case argued in court that Christie knew about what they were doing while it was happening .
Now , Christie is term-limited , so he ca n't run for governor again . But he still has a year left in office , unless he should vacate the governorship early to accept a post in the Trump administration .
However , despite Christie 's early support of Trump , reports have suggested he 's no longer viewed favorably by the president-elect and his transition team . And while it 's not up to them , New Jersey voters would prefer not to inflict Christie on the rest of the country — 69 percent said that President-elect Trump should not offer him an administration post , according to Quinnipiac .
Democrats are optimistic about reclaiming the New Jersey governorship in the November 2017 election . Former Goldman Sachs executive Phil Murphy is viewed as the establishment favorite for Democrats ' nomination , but Assembly member John Wisniewski is also making a bid . Christie 's lieutenant governor , Kim Guadagno , is thought to be the frontrunner for the Republican nomination .
I love my Amazon Echo ! But what else can I do with it ?
First of all , I 'm not a web developer , so go easy on me , but also help me out by being constructive . I 'm an Automation Engineer , that is , I design electrical and control systems for manufacturing machines and then program the PLCs , and I write C # interfaces to the machines . I also did some embedded work and some website programming a long time ago , but anything after 2000 is new to me . But I guess that just makes it more exciting !
When I use the web-based control app at echo.amazon.com I can use Google Chrome to watch the network activity . Here 's a list of URLs that my browser hits with responses , with identifying stuff filtered out with “ xxx ” . I have a cookie set with a session ID , which is probably being used to get my user-specific information .
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/check-client-version ? version=v1.2-174-gcadbe83
( no response )
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/devices/device
{ `` devices '' : [ { `` accountName '' : '' xxx 's Echo '' , '' deviceAccountId '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceOwnerCustomerId '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' online '' : true , '' postalCode '' : null , '' registrationId '' : null , '' serialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' softwareVersion '' : '' 2100 '' } ] }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/todos ? type=TASK & size=1
{ `` values '' : [ { `` complete '' : false , '' createdDate '' :1418360739053 , '' customerId '' : '' xxx '' , '' deleted '' : false , '' itemId '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW # 3de6b833-3f38-3290-b98d-8f6c6d582246 '' , '' lastLocalUpdatedDate '' : null , '' lastUpdatedDate '' :1418360739053 , '' nbestItems '' : [ `` roast beef '' , '' beef '' , '' roast groceries '' , '' groceries '' , '' brush beef '' ] , '' originalAudioId '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2:1.0/2014/12/12/05/B0F00712447601DB/05:34 : :TNIH_2V.f34eec6a-82b3-4841-b68d-f3336830b454ZXV/1 '' , '' text '' : '' roast beef '' , '' type '' : '' TASK '' , '' version '' :1 } ] }
[ I was trying to say “ brush teeth ” : ) ]
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/cards ? limit=3
{ `` cards '' : [ { `` cardType '' : '' StandardCard '' , '' creationTimestamp '' :1418424998722 , '' deleteCardAction '' : { `` actionType '' : '' DeleteCardAction '' , '' cardId '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW # 1418424998722 '' , '' mainText '' : '' Remove card '' , '' subText '' : '' Learn more '' , '' subTextRoute '' : '' help/node/201602230 '' } , '' descriptiveText '' : null , '' giveFeedbackAction '' : { `` actionType '' : '' NavigateAction '' , '' mainText '' : '' Thank you ! Your feedback helps Echo understand you better . `` , '' musicCustomerId '' : null , '' route '' : '' beta-feedback '' , '' serviceName '' : null , '' subText '' : '' Send more detailed feedback . `` , '' subTextRoute '' : null } , '' id '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW # 1418424998722 '' , '' imageAction '' : { `` actionType '' : '' PlayItAgainAction '' , '' mainText '' : '' Radio Disney '' , '' queueCustomerId '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW '' , '' queueId '' : '' 1f1ce0db-a300-4d1c-abf4-9b019caf6882 '' , '' subText '' : null , '' subTextRoute '' : null } , '' imageCaption '' : null , '' imageReference '' : { `` deviceSerialNumber '' : '' B0F00712447601DB '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' fallbackIcon '' : '' TUNE_IN '' , '' referenceId '' : '' 1f1ce0db-a300-4d1c-abf4-9b019caf6882:1 '' , '' referenceType '' : '' MusicReferenceIdImageReference '' } , '' nBestOptions '' : [ ] , '' playbackAudioAction '' : { `` actionType '' : '' PlayAudioAction '' , '' mainText '' : '' Echo heard : \ '' i heart radio\ '' '' , '' subText '' : null , '' subTextRoute '' : null , '' url '' : '' /api/utterance/audio/data ? id=AB72C64C86AW2:1.0/2014/12/12/22/B0F00712447601DB/56:35 : :TNIH_2V.44b8e078-8eda-4c7f-ac8a-cc94684347deZXV/1 '' } , '' primaryActions '' : [ { `` actionType '' : '' NavigateAction '' , '' mainText '' : '' Browse your TuneIn stations '' , '' musicCustomerId '' : null , '' route '' : '' music/TUNE_IN '' , '' serviceName '' : null , '' subText '' : null , '' subTextRoute '' : null } ] , '' registeredCustomerId '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW '' , '' secondaryActions '' : null , '' sourceDevice '' : { `` serialNumber '' : '' B0F00712447601DB '' , '' type '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' } , '' subtitle '' : '' Live station on TuneIn '' , '' thumbsUpDownActivityAction '' : { `` actionType '' : '' ThumbsUpDownActivityAction '' , '' activityId '' : '' A94B0T49AALEW # 1418424998722 '' , '' mainText '' : '' Did Echo hear you correctly ? `` , '' subText '' : null , '' subTextRoute '' : null } , '' title '' : '' Radio Disney '' , '' wrapTitle '' : false } ] }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/media/provider-capabilities
{ `` providerCapabilities '' : { `` ADVERTISEMENT '' : { `` canCreateStation '' : false , '' canJump '' : false , '' canNext '' : false , '' canNextAtEndOfQueue '' : false , '' canPlay '' : true , '' canPrevious '' : false , '' canRepeatAll '' : false , '' canScanContent '' : false , '' canShuffle '' : false , '' canThumbsDown '' : false , '' canThumbsUp '' : false , '' queueModifiedInPlace '' : false } ... and so on
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/bluetooth
{ `` bluetoothStates '' : [ { `` deviceSerialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' online '' : true , '' sconeBattery '' :85 , '' sconePaired '' : true , '' softwareVersion '' : '' 2100 '' , '' streamingState '' : null } ] }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/customer-status/
{ `` eulaAcceptance '' : true , '' hasActiveDopplers '' : true }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/authentication
{ `` authenticated '' : true , '' canAccessPrimeMusicContent '' : false , '' customerEmail '' : '' xxx '' , '' customerId '' : '' xxx '' , '' customerName '' : '' Owen Piette '' }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/album-art/1f1ce0db-a300-4d1c-abf4-9b019caf6882:1 ? deviceSerialNumber=xxx & deviceType=AB72C64C86AW2 & screenWidth=1920
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/music-account-details
That 's it . Later I 'll see if I can match these API queries against the JavaScript so I can make a more complete list of the API . I 'm starting to get the idea…
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/notifications
{ `` notifications '' : [ { `` alarmTime '' :1418513400000 , '' deviceSerialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' id '' : '' xxx-B0F00712447601DB-a1 '' , '' notificationIndex '' : '' a1 '' , '' remainingTime '' :0 , '' status '' : '' OFF '' , '' triggerTime '' :0 , '' type '' : '' Alarm '' , '' version '' : '' 26 '' } , { `` alarmTime '' :0 , '' deviceSerialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' id '' : '' xxx-B0F00712447601DB-t1 '' , '' notificationIndex '' : '' t1 '' , '' remainingTime '' :0 , '' status '' : '' OFF '' , '' triggerTime '' :0 , '' type '' : '' Timer '' , '' version '' : '' 28 '' } ] }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/third-party
{ `` services '' : [ { `` associationState '' : '' UNASSOCIATED '' , '' serviceName '' : '' I_HEART_RADIO '' , '' username '' : null } , { `` associationState '' : '' UNASSOCIATED '' , '' serviceName '' : '' TUNE_IN '' , '' username '' : null } ] }
https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/device-preferences
{ `` devicePreferences '' : [ { `` autocastToThisClient '' : false , '' deviceAccountId '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceSerialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' postalCode '' : '' 52201 '' , '' responseStyle '' : '' CONCISE '' , '' searchCustomerId '' : '' xxx '' , '' temperatureScale '' : '' FAHRENHEIT '' , '' voiceCastEnabled '' : true } ] }
And so on !
Here 's one that I guessed : https : //pitangui.amazon.com/api/wake-word
{ `` wakeWords '' : [ { `` deviceSerialNumber '' : '' xxx '' , '' deviceType '' : '' AB72C64C86AW2 '' , '' wakeWord '' : '' ALEXA '' } ] }
I want to modify that value ! I guess tomorrow .
-Owen
Meriam Ibrahim Released Again ; Sudan Confirms US Family Is Safe
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Meriam Ibrahim , the Christian mother who had been sentenced to death in Sudan by Islamic authorities , has been re-released , according to reports on Tuesday late afternoon . Ibrahim was originally sentenced to death and ordered to be lashed for allegedly converting from Islam to Christianity , however , she was set free from prison on Monday when an appeals court overturned the original conviction . The joy of her release was short-lived , however , as she and her Christian husband were detained at an airport in Sudan less than 24 hours following her release . But another update on Tuesday has confirmed that Ibrahim has once again been released by Sudanese authorities .
Less than 24 hours after Ibrahim 's lawyer , Mohaned Mustafa El-Nour , confirmed that she was free when an appeals court found the lower court 's ruling faulty , he said that Ibrahim and her husband Daniel Wani were re-arrested at a Sudanese airport as they prepared to leave the country .
Ibrahim and Wani , who is an American citizen , were at Khartoum airport on Tuesday with their two children attempting to leave the country when as many as 40 security agents detained the just-freed prisoner , according to the BBC .
`` They were temporarily detained for several hours over questions related to their documents , '' Marie Harf , a spokeswoman for the U.S. state department told journalists , adding that Sudan had guaranteed to the U.S. that the family was now safe .
A Sudanese official earlier told the BBC that Ibrahim had been using South Sudanese papers to leave the country and needed to obtain a passport and exit visa prior to her release .
The report speculated that the National Intelligence and Security Service — a key stakeholder in Sudanese politics — was unhappy with the recent decision to release Ibrahim and that `` re-arresting her and her family was a way of making this point to the rest of the Sudanese government . ''
`` It is also conceivable that one part of NISS accepted Mrs Ibrahim 's release , while another section was not happy with it . Mrs Ibrahim 's release and re-arrest simply underline the fact that there are many decision-makers in Sudanese politics , and they do not always agree with each other , '' it added .
Ibrahim had been sentenced to 100 lashes and death by hanging , in an incident that provoked international outrage , including a letter signed by 38 members of Congress asking the U.S. government to act .
Throughout her time in prison , Ibrahim has maintained her innocence , arguing that she was raised Christian by her mother , an Ethiopian Orthodox , and therefore never renounced Islam . She has also denied allegations of adultery , maintaining that she was a Christian before she met her husband . The Sudanese government had accused Ibrahim of adultery because it did not recognize her marriage . It considered her to be a Muslim as her father was Muslim , however , her father left her family when she was a young child and she was raised by her mother as a Christian .
The 27-year-old mother was recently forced to give birth to her second child , Maya , while in prison and one of her ankles was reportedly chained while she was in labor . She was until Monday living with her two children behind bars .
Ibrahim was first arrested in August 2013 after members of her father 's side of her family accused her of adultery for marrying Wani .
Earlier reports at the end of May that Ibrahim was expected to be freed turned out to be false .
Gaza out of food supplies , says UN agency
Updated
The United Nations aid agency in Gaza says it has run out of food in its distribution centres , which feed more than 700,000 Palestinians .
Gaza 's only power plant has again shut down because of a fuel shortage , as the result of Israel 's blockade .
Israel closed the border into Gaza more than a week ago , in response to cross border attacks by Palestinian militants .
The senior liaison officer with the UN Relief and Works Agency , Saahir Lone , says the implications of the embargo are grave for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians .
`` If this interruption to food lasts more than a few days , the most vulnerable people in that society , of which there are many now ... the implications are very serious , '' he said .
Topics : relief-and-aid-organisations , unrest-conflict-and-war , israel , palestinian-territory-occupied
First posted
ST. PETERSBURG — Police arrested a 13-year-old boy on an attempted murder charge Friday , less than 48 hours after authorities said he shot another teenager who taunted him .
Le'Genius Wisdom Williams , of St. Petersburg , turned himself in to the St. Petersburg Police Department about 1:30 p.m . He was immediately booked into the Juvenile Detention Center near Largo .
`` Unfortunately this appears to be a reoccurrence of a growing and disturbing phenomenon where young adolescent teens not only get access to guns , but seem to have no qualms about using them for the slightest provocation , '' said police spokesman Mike Puetz .
Authorities said Williams fired a small-caliber gun several times about 9 p.m. Wednesday in the 1700 block of 26th Street S .
According to a witness , Williams and a small group of teens is on the sidewalk when 15-year-old Dinarick Ford rode by on a bike . The teens began spouting off at each other .
One person told authorities they heard Ford shout out `` Childs Park , '' an apparent reference to a St. Petersburg neighborhood . Williams then pulled out a gun and fired multiple times at Ford , striking him three times in the upper body , police said .
The boy fell from his bike and ran . He ended up a few blocks away , on a front lawn in the 2500 block of 16th Avenue S. Residents there called 911 .
The remaining boys scattered . When police arrived , they gave different stories .
Ford 's injuries are serious , police said , but not considered life-threatening . He remained at All Children 's Hospital on Friday . His family could not be reached for comment .
Police said on Friday that they had not determined where Williams got the gun — or where it is now . Williams did not grant police an interview , on the advice of his attorney .
Pinellas-Pasco Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett said prosecutors will continue investigating next week and will consider the possibility of seeking adult charges against Williams .
Key considerations in that decision will be how badly the victim was hurt and Williams ' prior record . The final decision will be up to State Attorney Bernie McCabe .
`` The level of violence by these kids is astounding , and it 's downright scary , quite frankly , '' Bartlett said . `` The idea that a 13-year-old kid would A ) have a firearm to start with , and B ) use it to fire at somebody three times over nothing … it 's just scary . ''
The shooting happened along a stretch of road that is home to families , older residents and a handful of abandoned structures .
Residents said they 've had some break-ins before , but nothing so violent . Lately , they said , more young people have been hanging out in the streets .
For at least one family on the block , the shooting held particularly harrowing potential .
Patric Jones , 17 , lives at the corner of 17th Avenue S and 26th Street . He said his younger brother was inside — and potentially in the line of fire — during the shooting .
Jones , a high school senior , said he came home from football practice shortly after 8 p.m. Wednesday . He saw a group of boys at the corner , but did n't pay much attention .
He was n't aware anything was wrong until police cruisers and emergency vehicles jammed into the neighborhood .
`` My mom was really upset , because my brother could have got shot , '' Jones said . `` He was in the front room , playing a video game . ''
Jones said he wonders what would have happened had one of the bullets struck a house , a car or someone out at the time .
`` That could have been anybody , '' he said . `` It 's not good . I do n't know how we can stop it . ''
Both Williams and Ford have had previous contact with the juvenile justice system , according to police .
Williams , police said , was arrested in May after snatching a cellphone from someone at a bus stop . His family could not be reached for comment .
Ford was arrested in May after fingerprints linked him to a burglary . He recently got in trouble for breaking curfew , police said .
`` I know police got their hands full , but they need to patrol the area more , '' said Willie Hubbard , a 57-year-old night security guard who lives in the neighborhood .
Hubbard said he went for a walk Wednesday night and also passed the group of teens . By the time he got around the block , paramedics were at a nearby intersection , attending to the wounded teen .
`` I never even heard the shots , '' he said . `` You hear the loud music at night . Drugs and stuff . It 's getting to be a bad habit down here . It 's a growing problem . ''
Anyone with information about the incident can call police at ( 727 ) 893-7780 .
Times staff writer Curtis Krueger contributed to this report . Kameel Stanley can be reached at [ email protected ] or ( 727 ) 893-8643 .
Little . Red . Different . Better .
We got into the synthesizer business because we were n't satisfied with just writing about synths . We wanted to spread a little synth love into the world , too . And wow , have our MeeBlip users responded – flooding the Internets with videos of the new synth . It 's great to see how they 're responding to the instrument – designer James Grahame and I have our own view of it , but now we get to see the user perspective .
Maybe that bright red color helped .
And yes , the key here is , behind this small number of knobs are a large number of sounds .
We 've rounded up our favorite videos here .
Late last month , we already enjoyed Olivier 's unboxing video and jam . Now he 's back in a video that acts as both demo and tutorial , going through the different sounds possible with the triode .
G.A.S . Therapy has an extensive hands-on and review , walking through even what we stick in the box .
And for still moresounds , spelljammed also made some great videos .
Most importantly , the anode can open up a lot of sonic possibilities via its wavetables . Those edgy wave sounds we packed in can really go different directions in combination with the rest of the architecture . Here , spelljammed walks through them :
And another video from the same user :
Get yours now :
Buy MeeBlip triode synthesizer
— or in a bundle with our BlipCase . That case fits the whole MeeBlip line , plus other stuff you need on the go , like the KORG volca series and many compact mixers .
Free shipping in North America for everything , now through November 16th , because you need a little synth therapy right now .
Dyn offers a whole passel of DNS-related products , but the company is most famous for its free DynDNS service : it lets users associate often dynamic IP addresses with hostnames , as long as those users `` check in '' once a month . It 's a boon for people wanting to slap an easily remembered , fully qualified domain name onto their home ISP connections without dropping the money to actually register a domain—and it 's vanishing on May 7 , 2014 .
Dyn CEO Jeremy Hitchcock posted a blog entry yesterday morning explaining the reasoning behind killing off DynDNS ' free tier . The language is a little muddled and the post reads like it was run through a corporate communications department before posting , but Hitchcock explains that the move away from free accounts is due to increased abuse and diminishing value for Dyn .
Hitchcock notes that the change will allow Dyn to spend more time refining its paid service offerings and supporting paying customers . Dyn users who had previously donated money to the company in exchange for free lifetime service are exempted from the discontinuation .
This is n't a sudden change for Dyn ; the company has been gradually scaling back its free service for years . According to Dyn 's transition FAQ page , existing customers have until May 7 to either upgrade to a `` Dyn VIP '' account ( at what Hitchcock describes as a `` significant '' discount ) , or allow their service to lapse .
For users who do n't want to pay for dynamic DNS services and who will be looking to relocate from Dyn , there are alternatives : Afraid is a popular one , as is NoIP . However , DynDNS is by far the most widely used DDNS service at least in part because it 's embedded in many routers ' firmware to enable automated DDNS updates—and it 's often the only embedded option . For users who depend exclusively on their routers and free DynDNS , it 's time to start figuring out how to switch .
Modular thinking is brilliant and infectious , expanding and spreading from industrial-revolution technologies to three-dimensional printing and beyond . But how big can modularity get ? Imagine the same concept applied to cities that move , grow and shrink on demand , gaining or shedding functions and spaces as needed .
Spoiler alert : science-fiction writer China Mieville ( of whom this author is a serious fan ) first envisioned a permanent mobile life on rails in Iron Council , where residents deploy tracks in front of ( then pull them up behind ) an ever-moving rogue locomotive . Then in Railsea , he expanded this idea in a world where every inch of land is covered by iron rails and wooden ties . It sounds like far-fetched fantasy , but could something like this work in reality ?
The Swedish architecture firm Jagnefalt Milton asks and answers this question in their daring and award-winning design of A Rolling Master Plan , conceived of as a way to utilize existing rail routes to shift entire towns – or even cities – worth of people and places .
Consider seasonal migrations , for instance : festivals , markets , concerts and other events that move throughout the year . What if they could take their architecture with them as they traveled ? Then there are hotels , restaurants and other commercial functions that see demand change over time as well as by season . What if they could deploy rooms or eateries around a country at will ? Sure , it is conceptual , but the real-life applications are astonishing once you start thinking about ways buildings could adapt if only they could move more freely .
'In Meat We Trust ' Argues We Got The Meat Industry We Asked For
Enlarge this image iStockphoto iStockphoto
In Meat We Trust An Unexpected History of Carnivore America by Maureen Ogle Hardcover , 368 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
The meat on your dinner table probably did n't come from a happy little cow that lived a wondrous life out on rolling green hills . It probably also was n't produced by a robot animal killer hired by an evil cabal of monocle-wearing industrialists .
Truth is , the meat industry is complicated , and it 's impossible to understand without a whole lot of context . That 's where Maureen Ogle comes in . She 's a historian and the author of In Meat We Trust : An Unexpected History of Carnivore America .
Ogle 's book examines the pipeline that meat takes today from field to table by trying to understand its roots . She starts all the way back in Colonial America , when settlers found so much available land that they were able to raise livestock they could never have afforded in Europe . Meat , Ogle writes , became a status symbol in early America .
Much has been made of the ugly details of the modern meat industry , from Upton Sinclair 's The Jungle to Michael Pollan 's Omnivore 's Dilemma to various exposes and articles on slaughterhouses . The industry 's roots , though , stretch back more than a century , when Americans left their farms for the big cities , leaving a vast urban population with a cash income and a hankering for meat .
`` As more people moved to cities , the gap between the amount of livestock and meat that could be produced constantly lagged the demand on the part of consumers , '' Ogle told me in a recent interview .
Ogle ties the rise of gigantic meat companies and industrial meatpacking facilities not to post-World War II subsidies and corporate takeovers , but to the rise of cities . Those urbanites wanted meat — and they wanted it cheap .
`` As a result , farmers , and urban voters , and the USDA and politicians all agreed that farming in the United States needed to be much more efficient and needed to run more like a factory than what many people think a farm should be like , '' Ogle says . All `` in order to reduce farmers ' production costs and , therefore , keep the cost of food down . ''
The demand for vast quantities of meat at cheap prices led to meat producers pushing for efficiency and squeezing every bit of profit from every animal . That meant the rise of giant feedlots fattening animals on corn feed , and huge meatpackers processing animals at factory speed and scale . The industrial meat system , Ogle argues , is a supply and demand problem .
`` As long as the demand is there , we 're going to continue to have these very large industrial systems , because that 's the only way to satisfy demand , '' Ogle says . `` You 're not going to satisfy demand with small farmers . ''
It 's that kind of thinking that has opened Ogle up to frequent criticism on social media since the book was published on Nov. 12 . In the introduction to the book , Ogle writes , `` The battles over production and consumption of meat are nearly as ferocious as those over gays , gun control and marriage . '' Now , Ogle is in the middle of vicious debates on the efficacy of the way meat is raised and processed . ( Check the comments under recent interviews with WNYC 's The Takeaway and Salon . )
Ogle has been accused of being a shill for big industry and of being anti-small farmer . But the book does n't shy away from the realities of the modern meatpacking industry and presents it in realistic detail . Ogle says she does n't want to pick a side , but merely present a nuanced look at an important issue that has been turned into political sound bites .
Ultimately , Ogle finds there is a fundamental disconnect in the way many of us view meat . We want it ; we want it cheaply ; we want it made in a place where we do n't have to deal with the sights and sounds of slaughtering animals ; and we do n't want it to come from factory farms . Something , Ogle says , has to give .
Here we all sit , with instant access to the highest volume of information in human history . In what used to take a physical trip to the library , photocopying references and reviewing microfiche records , almost everyone can “ research ” a topic at length using a mobile device . Not only that , we are bombarded with information we did n't necessarily request – from advertising on blogs ( TFB of course is included ) to suggested pages on social media sites like Instagram and Facebook .
Problems arise however when research reveals that companies claim 's about their guns , gear and training is the best available , without a clear way to verify their statements . What may seem to be neutral reviews by gun personalities may be infact cleverly disguised paid sponsorships . I know that these relationships exist between manufacturers and social media “ reviewers ” , but will refrain from pointing fingers or making specific accusations .
All of this makes me appreciate my place here at TFB . No , we certainly are n't perfect , but we strive to remain as unbiased as possible ( no one in this world is completely neutral ) . In my reviews I make a point remind our readers that I am not a superhero gunslinger who has dominated land , sea and sky several times over . I am a “ normal ” shooter with a variety of real world experiences that may give you a balanced take on guns and gear . Balanced as humanly possible , that is .
Firearms training is a whole world onto itself , however . With physical firearms and gear , there is a tangible item that can be used by hundreds of others to compare one review from another . With training , we are stuck with opinions from shooters who may or may not have the ability to accurately portray the efficacy of a particular training course .
I have been through my share of academies and private courses with experiences that have run the gamut . ‘ Holy Sh * t ' moments on both sides of the spectrum . All were great learning experiences in some shape or form . I 'm grateful to my friend EB who introduced me to Pat Rogers about 15 years ago – without his guidance I may have never had my eyes opened to actual training . But , without recommendations from trusted friends , where do people turn for reliable and worthwhile training courses ?
Which paves a direct path to social media – the virtual ‘ Star Wars bar ' of gun heros and villains . On the one hand , I use social media sites for a lot of my research for news and product releases for stories that end up here at TFB . On the other hand , I have seen wild claims and questionable marketing techniques used by both corporations and ‘ one man shows ' .
Take firearms personalities , for example . Much like Hollywood stars , why do we hold their opinions higher than others when it comes to any type of recommendation ? Is it because they are former operators or do they have a cult like status based on internet flare and showmanship .
Like in all facets of business , and life for that matter , many times the loudest speakers get noticed the most . And social media gives access to those monologues by billions world wide .
But is what we are looking at reality ? Some companies and individuals are focused on bringing you honest opinions and reliable products . Others are ( allegedly ) only in the game to separate you from your money and ca n't even hold a gun , let alone advocate for their responsible use .
( The above information was taken directly from Instagram and has not been verified for authenticity . )
Beyond sales , in my opinion , I think we are seeing a blurring of the lines between actual products and training and pure entertainment . Again , this is nothing new to the gun world , but social media has given us instant access to “ techniques used by professionals ” and “ tier 1 gear ” that it is getting harder for the average “ gunsumer ” to tell the difference between reality and fantasy .
Do we trust competition-style shooters to train our law enforcement and military members techniques they will replicate in the field ? Do these styles keep good guys safer or create dangerous scars that can result in people getting hurt or killed . I do n't know the answer , I 'm legitimately asking .
Some of these well known and highly followed personalities are up front and honest about their past experiences and training . Willing to take criticism and advice from seemingly more veteran instructors , they will be humble and call out their own mistakes .
But how are we expected to discern fictional entertainment from fact ? Who hands out unbiased credentials to manufacturers and trainers for firearms consumers that can be used to make better decisions ?
More and more I 'm coming across posts on social media with thousands of likes that appear ( to me ) to be really bad ideas . Ideas that could get people hurt or killed . But do we point the finger at the compainies/trainers/reviewers for using entertainment to move product ? Or ourselves because we are losing the ability to apply critical thinking when it is comes to certain marketing techniques . I honestly have no idea .
I started writing this post after scrolling through Instagram looking for ideas and finding high quality photos of $ 2,500 custom Glock pistols next to chocolate donuts , grenades next to five shot revolvers and half naked women shooting beltfed machineguns . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't mind pics of half naked women , but I ca n't find the link between them and full auto fire . And I looked really hard .
Next time we will dig in to the “ gun bunny ” marketing techniques and why they are so effective , ( Hint , it has to do with half naked women holding guns ) .
Interested in seeing some legitimate head-shaking material or just want a good laugh ? Give these guys a follow :
Antonin Scalia cast the deciding vote to bring same-sex marriage to California . And nobody noticed .
In Hollingsworth v. Perry , the Supreme Court held that the proponents of Proposition 8 , which banned same-sex marriage in California , did not have standing to appeal a district court order invalidating the ban . As a result , the order went into effect , and California immediately started issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . The result was surprising to some lawyers . The district judge exceeded his authority : Outside of class action suits , judges generally do n't have the power to issue orders protecting people who are n't parties to the case before them . But there was n't a word in the Court 's opinion limiting the remedy to the two couples before the Court .
Advertisement :
The alliances were unusual . Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the 5-4 decision , joined by Scalia , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Steven Breyer and Elena Kagan . The dissenters , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Sonya Sotomayor , thought the Court should decide the issue , though they surely would have split on the result .
So here 's the puzzle . Why did Scalia , who has angrily dissented from every gay rights victory in the Supreme Court , join Roberts ' decision without protest ? And why are conservatives not screaming at him for doing that ?
Scalia 's vote is the most mysterious of the nine . Ginsburg , Breyer and Kagan are liberal justices who are probably friendly to same-sex marriage , though Ginsburg 's publicly expressed doubts about Roe v. Wade suggest that she may be reluctant to try to resolve that issue for the whole country . Roberts is a pro-business conservative whose views on gay rights are unknown . But why did n't Scalia at least write a separate opinion , pointing out that the district court 's order was improperly broad ?
Nobody knows . But here 's a theory that is at least consistent with what we do know .
It takes only four votes for the Court to agree to hear a case . The decision to hear this one probably came from the conservatives , Roberts , Scalia , Alito and Thomas , who hoped to overturn the district court 's order . But at the same time , the challenge to the Federal Defense of Marriage Act , which denies all recognition to same-sex couples , was before the Court . And the decision , written by swing vote Kennedy , included some language , unnecessary to the result , very sympathetic to same-sex marriage . So Roberts and Scalia retreated . The holding on standing vacates all the appeals and reinstates the district court 's order , but it saves the Supreme Court from having to decide whether same-sex couples have a right to marry everywhere in the United States . For their own reasons , Ginsburg , Breyer and Kagan were happy to postpone consideration of that explosive issue . ( A mystery that I ca n't explain : Why could n't Roberts get Thomas and Alito to join that sensible retreat ? Why would Thomas and Alito want to force a battle they were going to lose ? )
Roberts ' opinion could easily have included some language casually noting in passing that the district court 's decision properly applies only to the two couples who brought the suit , and that the more general question was not within the district court 's jurisdiction . ( Even if there was no standing to appeal , Roberts was not obligated to describe without comment an overbroad injunction . ) He could then direct further proceedings in the 9th Circuit consistent with this opinion . That would have forced the lower courts to refashion the injunction to have nearly no effect .
Advertisement :
So why did n't Scalia insist on that ?
Suppose that Roberts ' first draft of his opinion did contain that language . Then Ginsburg , Breyer and Kagan threaten to write separately ( and maybe even circulate a draft ) , leaving Roberts with only two votes for his opinion ( which would then not be the principal opinion for the Court ) . Their separate opinion might have gone in many different directions , many of which would still have left the big marriage question unresolved . Had they reached the merits , a bold right to marry opinion might even have gotten five votes . Or a fractured Court would have reached no coherent result , given the lower court no clear direction , and made Roberts look like a terrible leader . Keeping the liberals on board avoids that result .
So the price of joining Roberts ' opinion is that the language comes out and same-sex marriage comes to California . Scalia hates , hates , hates it , but he understands that he has to hold his nose and go along .
The last mystery is why conservative commentators have not fallen onto Scalia with the kind of viciousness that Roberts was subjected to after the Obamacare case . Like Roberts , he joined an opinion allowing something to happen that they had been fighting for years . Yet in the weeks following the opinion , there 's not been a breath of criticism . My guess is that Republicans have figured out that this issue is n't a winner for them anymore , and so there 's no point in bellyaching about it now . That 's the best news of all for proponents of marriage equality .
With planetary protection office up for grabs , scientists rail against limits to Mars exploration
Since its arrival on Mars in 2012 , NASA 's Curiosity rover has zapped and drilled ancient rocks in the hopes of finding evidence for past life . But it may never get a chance to investigate something far more exciting : the possibility that martian microbes exist today . In the coming years , as the rover trundles up the side of Aeolis Mons , it will pass rocks that , seen from orbit , seem to host mysteriously intermittent dark streaks—perhaps marking seasonal water seeps . But NASA 's planetary protection office , charged with keeping earthly microbes from colonizing other bodies , has said it may nix a visit . It fears that Curiosity could contaminate this so-called special region because the rover was not fully sterilized before launch .
To Alberto Fairén , a planetary scientist at Cornell University , that makes no sense . Sooner or later humans—biped rovers that ca n't be sterilized—will set foot on the planet , hopelessly confounding any hope of finding indigenous life , he and several colleagues argue in an op-ed in press this month in the journal Astrobiology . “ We need to investigate Mars 's special regions carefully and fully prior to human missions , ” he says .
Bureaucratic changes at NASA could create an opening for his view , which some Curiosity team members share . In July , NASA announced , through a blunt job posting , that the planetary protection office was moving out of its longtime home in the science directorate to NASA 's Office of Safety and Mission Assurance in Washington , D.C. , a place more accustomed to translating protocols into engineering practice . Cassie Conley , the planetary protection office 's longtime chief , will face competition to keep her job , and she could be replaced by someone with less strict views on sterilization requirements . Meanwhile , by the end of this year , the National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine are expected to complete a head-to-toe examination of how the office works and whether it keeps abreast with current science , and later this year NASA is holding a major workshop that could lead to a redefinition of special regions on Mars , the warm and wet areas that are off-limits for all but the most sterile of spacecraft .
The Viking landers of the 1970s were the only missions to Mars ever to be completely cleaned to the highest standards of planetary protection . They were baked in a purpose-built giant oven , and the cost of doing so is thought to have been roughly 10 % of the mission . Ever since then , says Conley , researchers have complained about the office , as if it exists solely to burden them and make their missions impossibly expensive . “ People like to have a villain , ” she says .
The office has clashed in recent years with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California , which assembled Curiosity . JPL baked parts of the rover in ovens at 110°C for nearly a week , to sterilize them to a level where the rover could explore special regions . But in 2011 , weeks before launch , JPL engineers decided that Curiosity should launch with one of its drill bits mounted on its robotic arm . They opened the already-sterilized bit box , a violation of planetary protection protocols that caused the office to downgrade Curiosity 's sterility . During postmortems , JPL engineers complained about the confusing and vague way the offices presented its requirements .
More recently , says John Rummel , a biologist who was NASA 's planetary protection officer before Conley , JPL has butted heads with the office over the next big mission , the Mars 2020 rover , which will gather rock samples for later retrieval to Earth . JPL is interested in having the rover target areas with subsurface brines , an activity that would not be allowed with its planned level of cleanliness . Moreover , the planetary protection office has not yet agreed on the efficacy of the techniques JPL will use to sterilize the tubes in which the rover will cache rock cores . If the issues are n't resolved , Rummel says , the rover could be headed for a bureaucratic “ train wreck ” .
The office , which has always been limited by a small budget and staff , continues to gauge a spacecraft 's “ bioburden ” based on a classic measure—the number of cultivable microbial spores it carries . “ Some of the numbers we 've been operating on date back decades , and it 'd be great to revisit them , ” says Sarah Johnson , a planetary scientist at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. She thinks the office should take advantage of two innovations : chemicals that can separate DNA from dead and living cells , and genomic sequencers that can classify the living ones by type . Scientists could then , for example , assess their individual likelihoods of surviving on Mars .
As a member of the Curiosity team , Johnson would like to see a change in policy that would allow the rover to sidle up to the wet streaks to give them a close look , even if the drill itself—currently on the fritz since December 2016—could not be used . In their op-ed , Fairén and his colleagues go further , saying NASA should slightly lower its sterilization standards so that robots as clean as Curiosity could explore special regions . Fairén says there is growing evidence that the harsh environment on the martian surface—a combination of frigid temperatures , caustic chemicals and deadly cosmic radiation—would kill Earth 's microbes quickly , especially in the limited numbers that ride along with robots . Even if some survive , he adds , future missions could distinguish between earthly and martian microbes by sequencing their genomes .
Rummel , who is now at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , California , plans to submit a rebuttal to Astrobiology . He disagrees with Fairén 's assumption that contamination from robots wo n't spread , but that it would from human exploration . Rummel says Fairén also makes technical mistakes in his paper , like insisting that the 1967 Outer Space Treaty would have to be amended to reflect the planetary protection changes he proposes—it would n't .
Whether NASA 's policy might change wo n't be clear until a new planetary protection chief is installed , and after the National Academies panel and special regions workshop have weighed in . But some planetary scientists are n't losing too much sleep over the debate . Jim Kasting , a geoscientist at Pennsylvania State University in State College , says that the soil on Mars has proved to be so lethal that the “ chances of finding life in the martian near-surface environment are close to nil . ”
* Correction , 4 August , 10:52 a.m. : An earlier version of this story gave the wrong affiliation for John Rummel .
LAHORE : A newly-wed girl was gunned down allegedly by her brother in the parking area of the sessions court here on Saturday .
The victim , Humaira Ashraf , 30 , of Gujranwala , was leaving the court premises after recording statement in favour of her husband when her brother Akhtar along with his accomplices opened fire on her . She sustained several bullet injuries . Police shifted her to Mayo Hospital in a critical condition where she died .
Humaira had contracted marriage with Amjad a few days ago against the will of her family . Her family got a case registered against Amjad on the charge of kidnapping Humaira .
Islampura police registered a case on the complaint of Abdul Ghafoor , a relative of Amjad . The complainant alleged that family members of Humaira were estranged from her for marrying without their consent .
Humaira 's father Ashraf and brother Akhtar were nominated in the FIR along with an unidentified accused .
Police shifted the body to a city morgue for an autopsy .
During the 2007-8 financial crisis , Chris Reining said , he panicked . His state of anxiety was n't brought on by the collapse of the United States stock market or the global economic crisis that followed . It was prompted by his office mates in Madison , Wis .
“ I was living the 9-to-5 life , and I would look at other people at work and see that they were 30 , 40 years older than me and still living the cubicle lifestyle , ” Mr . Reining , 36 , said of his 29-year-old self . “ I did n't want to be living that life . It was this feeling of being trapped and not being in control , being enslaved to a job , being enslaved to my possessions . ”
Unlike the crisis of a milestone birthday , where fear subsides into resignation , Mr . Reining decided to change his cubicle fate and set a goal of having $ 1 million in his brokerage account by the time he was 35 . Given that he was making about $ 75,000 a year working in information technology , he knew the goal would take considerable discipline .
Mr . Reining is part of a small group of supersavers who commit to a number that they say will support their lifestyle in retirement and never stray from achieving that goal . They are the financial equivalent of people who go on a diet , lose the weight and actually keep it off .
MANILA ( Reuters ) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday welcomed the prospect of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) putting him on trial over his bloody war on drugs , saying he would not be intimidated and his campaign would be unrelenting and “ brutal ” .
A self-confessed assassin who testified to being in a “ death squad ” under Duterte is expected to file a case at the ICC this month or in April , accusing the president of crimes against humanity , his lawyer said recently .
But Duterte has said he is on the right track regarding human rights and has never instructed security forces to kill suspects who were not resisting arrest . More than 8,000 people have died since he took office last year and began his anti-drugs campaign , a third in raids and sting operations by police who say they acted in self-defense .
“ I will not be intimidated and I shall not be stopped just by what ? International Criminal Court ? Impeachment ? If that is part of my destiny , it is my destiny to go , ” Duterte told reporters shortly before leaving for Myanmar .
“ The drive against corruption , criminality and drugs will resume and it will continue and it will be brutal . ”
Right groups say many of the deaths were assassinations of drugs users with police complicity . The authorities reject that and blame vigilantes and drugs gangs .
Duterte said he would never “ condone the killing of a criminal person arrested with outstretched arms , begging for his life , or what is popularly known as extrajudicial killings . ”
“ Follow the law and we are alright . Drop shabu and nobody will die tomorrow , ” Duterte said . Shabu is the street name for the highly addictive crystal methamphetamine that the government blames for most of the serious crimes in the Philippines .
But Duterte warned : “ If you place the guys lives in jeopardy ... my order is to shoot you . ”
He said he would rather see “ thousands or millions of criminals go first ” , than see security forces killed in the anti-narcotics war .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Two men , including the one who is expected to file the ICC case , have testified before the Philippine Senate saying they were part of an alleged “ death squad ” in Davao that killed at Duterte 's behest . But legislators found no proof of extra-judicial killings and death squads .
The “ death squad ” and allegations of drugs-related extrajudicial killings were among the reasons for an impeachment complaint filed by an opposition lawmaker in Congress against Duterte on Thursday .
Duterte said he was not ruling out the possibility that “ scalawags in government who are trying to silence guys dealing with them ” were behind these extrajudicial executions .
Grant Ward scored his fourth goal in four Championship matches for Ipswich
Grant Ward 's half-volley in the opening half was enough to earn Ipswich victory over Preston at Portman Road .
After Kevin Bru 's free-kick was only partially cleared , Ward controlled the ball before firing it in the corner .
Jermaine Beckford was forced off with concussion , but the visitors nearly drew level as Callum Robinson 's shot was tipped over by Bartosz Bialkowski .
Liam Grimshaw volleyed wide late on as Ipswich hung on for a first league win since the opening day of the season .
Ward 's impressive strike came moments after Beckford was taken off in the 15th minute , and Freddie Sears then saw a goal-bound effort deflected just past Anders Lindegaard 's upright as the hosts looked to double their lead .
However as the visitors grew in confidence Eoin Doyle almost reached Chris Humphrey 's long throw , but Tommy Smith just blocked off the forward from reaching the ball .
Former Tottenham forward Ward had another opportunity to double Ipswich 's tally after Jonas Knudsen laid the ball off to him in the box , but he could only send his first-time shot high and wide .
Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy :
`` I thought we were excellent today . We played really well in the first half and then we stood up to a right scrap in the second half - it was a real bloke 's performance .
`` Daryl Murphy put in a transfer request and my view is you do n't stand in the way of someone who wants to leave .
`` It is great move for him and he has been terrific for us so I wish him well . It is a great bit of business for the club and we will reinvest and get other players in . ''
Preston manager Simon Grayson :
`` I am disappointed as you know when you come to Portman Road and play against a Mick McCarthy side , you have to compete and battle .
`` We lost too many individual battles and not enough players played to the standard that I know they are capable of .
`` There was not a great deal in the game but we did n't do enough , on or off the ball , to get anything out of it .
`` I am hoping to strengthen . I have given a list of names to the owner and I am hoping to tick some people off . It is going to be a crazy three or four days through all the divisions . ''
Sports Illustrated ( SI ) is an American sports magazine owned by Meredith Corporation . First published in August 1954 , it has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week , including over 18 million men . [ 3 ]
It was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice . It is also known for its annual swimsuit issue , which has been published since 1964 , and has spawned other complementary media works and products .
History [ edit ]
There were two magazines named Sports Illustrated before the current magazine began on August 16 , 1954 . [ 4 ] In 1936 , Stuart Scheftel created Sports Illustrated with a target market for the sportsman . He published the magazine from 1936 to 1938 on a monthly basis . The magazine was a life magazine size and focused on golf , tennis , and skiing with articles on the major sports . He then sold the name to Dell Publications , which released Sports Illustrated in 1949 and this version lasted 6 issues before closing . Dell 's version focused on major sports ( baseball , basketball , boxing ) and competed on magazine racks against Sport and other monthly sports magazines . During the 1940s these magazines were monthly and they did not cover the current events because of the production schedules . There was no large-base , general , weekly sports magazine with a national following on actual active events . It was then that Time patriarch Henry Luce began considering whether his company should attempt to fill that gap . At the time , many believed sports was beneath the attention of serious journalism and did not think sports news could fill a weekly magazine , especially during the winter . A number of advisers to Luce , including Life magazine 's Ernest Havemann , tried to kill the idea , but Luce , who was not a sports fan , decided the time was right . [ 5 ]
The goal of the new magazine was to be basically a magazine , but with sports . Many at Time-Life scoffed at Luce 's idea ; in his Pulitzer Prize–winning biography , Luce and His Empire , W. A. Swanberg wrote that the company 's intellectuals dubbed the proposed magazine `` Muscle '' , `` Jockstrap '' , and `` Sweat Socks '' . Launched on August 16 , 1954 , it was not profitable ( and would not be so for 12 years ) [ 6 ] and not particularly well run at first , but Luce 's timing was good . The popularity of spectator sports in the United States was about to explode , and that popularity came to be driven largely by three things : economic prosperity , television , and Sports Illustrated . [ 7 ]
Mark Ford , President of the Sports Illustrated Group in 2010
The Logo of Sports Illustrated Magazine
The early issues of the magazine seemed caught between two opposing views of its audience . Much of the subject matter was directed at upper-class activities such as yachting , polo and safaris , but upscale would-be advertisers were unconvinced that sports fans were a significant part of their market . [ 8 ]
After more than a decade of steady losses , the magazine 's fortunes finally turned around in the 1960s when Andre Laguerre became its managing editor . A European correspondent for Time , Inc. , who later became chief of the Time-Life news bureaux in Paris and London ( for a time he ran both simultaneously ) , Laguerre attracted Henry Luce 's attention in 1956 with his singular coverage of the Winter Olympic Games in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy , which became the core of SI 's coverage of those games . In May 1956 , Luce brought Laguerre to New York to become assistant managing editor of the magazine . He was named managing editor in 1960 , and he more than doubled the circulation by instituting a system of departmental editors , redesigning the internal format , [ 9 ] and inaugurating the unprecedented use in a news magazine of full-color photographic coverage of the week 's sports events . He was also one of the first to sense the rise of national interest in professional football . [ 10 ]
Laguerre also instituted the innovative concept of one long story at the end of every issue , which he called the `` bonus piece '' . These well-written , in-depth articles helped to distinguish Sports Illustrated from other sports publications , and helped launch the careers of such legendary writers as Frank Deford , who in March 2010 wrote of Laguerre , `` He smoked cigars and drank Scotch and made the sun move across the heavens ... His genius as an editor was that he made you want to please him , but he wanted you to do that by writing in your own distinct way . `` [ 11 ]
Laguerre is also credited with the conception and creation of the annual Swimsuit Issue , which quickly became , and remains , the most popular issue each year .
In 1990 , Time Inc. merged with Warner Communications to form the media conglomerate Time Warner . In 2014 , Time Inc. was spun off from Time Warner . In November 2017 , Meredith Corporation announced that it would acquire Time Inc. , and the acquisition was completed in January 2018 . However , in March 2018 , Meredith stated that it would explore selling Sports Illustrated and several other former Time properties , arguing that they did not properly align with the company 's lifestyle brands and publications . [ 12 ]
Innovations [ edit ]
From its start , Sports Illustrated introduced a number of innovations that are generally taken for granted today :
Liberal use of color photos—though the six-week lead time initially meant they were unable to depict timely subject matter
Scouting reports—including a World Series Preview and New Year 's Day bowl game round-up that enhanced the viewing of games on television
In-depth sports reporting from writers like Robert Creamer , Tex Maule and Dan Jenkins .
Regular illustration features by artists like Robert Riger .
High school football Player of the Month awards .
awards . Inserts of sports cards in the center of the magazine ( 1954 & 1955 )
1994 Launched Sports Illustrated Interactive CD-ROM with StarPress Multimedia , Incorporates player stats , video and highlights from the year in sports .
In 2015 Sports Illustrated purchased a group of software companies and combined them to create Sports Illustrated Play , a platform that offers sports league management software as a service .
Color printing [ edit ]
In 1965 , offset printing began to allow the color pages of the magazine to be printed overnight , not only producing crisper and brighter images , but also finally enabling the editors to merge the best color with the latest news . By 1967 , the magazine was printing 200 pages of `` fast color '' a year ; in 1983 , SI became the first American full-color newsweekly . An intense rivalry developed between photographers , particularly Walter Iooss and Neil Leifer , to get a decisive cover shot that would be on newsstands and in mailboxes only a few days later . [ 13 ]
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , during Gil Rogin 's term as Managing Editor , the feature stories of Frank Deford became the magazine 's anchor . `` Bonus pieces '' on Pete Rozelle , Woody Hayes , Bear Bryant , Howard Cosell and others became some of the most quoted sources about these figures , and Deford established a reputation as one of the best writers of the time . [ 14 ]
Regular segments [ edit ]
Who 's Hot , Who 's Not : A feature on who 's on a tear and who 's in a slump .
Faces in the Crowd : honors talented amateur athletes and their accomplishments .
The Point After : A back-page column featuring a rotation of SI writers as well as other contributors . Content varies from compelling stories to challenging opinion , focusing on both the world of sports and the role sports play in society .
Inside Baseball , a weekly column written by Joe Sheehan , Jon Heyman , George Grande , and many others
Awards [ edit ]
Performer of the Year [ edit ]
Maya Moore of the WNBA 's Minnesota Lynx was the inaugural winner of the Sports Illustrated Performer of the Year Award in 2017 . [ 15 ]
Sportsperson of the Year [ edit ]
Since 1954 , Sports Illustrated magazine has annually presented the Sportsperson of the Year award to `` the athlete or team whose performance that year most embodies the spirit of sportsmanship and achievement . `` [ 16 ] [ 17 ] Roger Bannister won the first-ever Sportsman of the Year award thanks to his record-breaking time of 3:59.4 for a mile ( the first-ever time a mile had been run under four minutes ) . [ 16 ] [ 18 ] Both men and women have won the award , originally called `` Sportsman of the Year '' and renamed `` Sportswoman of the Year '' or `` Sportswomen of the Year '' when applicable ; it is currently known as `` Sportsperson of the Year . ''
The 2017 winners of the award are Houston Texans defensive end , J. J. Watt , and Houston Astros second baseman , José Altuve . [ 19 ] Both athletes were recognized for their efforts in helping rebuild the city of Houston following Hurricane Harvey in addition to Altuve being a part of the Astros team that won the franchise 's first World Series in 2017 . [ 20 ]
Sportsman of the Century [ edit ]
In 1999 , Sports Illustrated named Muhammad Ali the Sportsman of the Century at the Sports Illustrated 's 20th Century Sports Awards in New York City 's Madison Square Garden . [ 21 ]
Sports Illustrated 's Muhammad Ali Legacy Award [ edit ]
In 2015 , the magazine renamed its Sportsman Legacy Award to the Sports Illustrated 's Muhammad Ali Legacy Award . The annual award was originally created in 2008 and honors former `` sports figures who embody the ideals of sportsmanship , leadership and philanthropy as vehicles for changing the world . '' Ali first appeared on the magazine 's cover in 1963 and went on to be featured on numerous covers during his storied career . His widow , Lonnie Ali , is consulted when choosing a recipient . [ 22 ] In 2017 , football quarterback Colin Kaepernick was honored with the Award , which was presented by Beyoncé . [ 23 ]
All-decade awards and honors [ edit ]
Top sports colleges [ edit ]
For a 2002 list of the top 200 Division I sports colleges in the U.S. , see footnote [ 25 ]
Cover history [ edit ]
The following list contains the athletes with most covers . [ 26 ]
The magazine 's cover is the basis of a sports myth known as the Sports Illustrated Cover Jinx .
Most covers by athlete , 1954–2016
Most covers by team , 1954 – May 2008
Most covers by sport , 1954–2009
Sport Number of covers Baseball-MLB 628 Pro Football-NFL 550 Pro Basketball-NBA 325 College Football 202 College Basketball 181 Golf 155 Boxing 134 Hockey 100 Track and Field 99 Tennis 78
Celebrities on the cover , 1954–2010
Fathers and sons who have been featured on the cover
Presidents who have been featured on the cover
Tribute covers ( In Memoriam )
Writers [ edit ]
Photographers [ edit ]
Robert Beck
Bob Rosato
John Biever
David Bergman
Simon Bruty
Bill Eppridge
Graham Finlayson [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
Bill Frakes
John Iacono Walter Iooss
Lynn Johnsom
David E. Klutho
Neil Leifer
Bob Martin
John W. McDonough
Manny Millan Peter Read Miller
Hy Peskin
Chuck Solomn
Damian Strohmeyer
Al Tielemans
Spinoffs [ edit ]
Sports Illustrated has helped launched a number of related publishing ventures , including :
Sports Illustrated Kids magazine ( circulation 950,000 ) Launched in January 1989 Won the `` Distinguished Achievement for Excellence in Educational Publishing '' award 11 times Won the `` Parents ' Choice Magazine Award '' 7 times
magazine ( circulation 950,000 ) Sports Illustrated Almanac annuals Introduced in 1991 Yearly compilation of sports news and statistics in book form
annuals SI.com sports news web site
sports news web site Sports Illustrated Australia Launched in 1992 and lasted 6 issues * *
Sports Illustrated Canada Was created and published in Canada with US content from 1993 to 1995 . Most of the issues appear to have the same cover except they say 'Canadian Edition ' . These issues are numbered differently in the listing . A group of the Canadian issues have unique Canadian athletes ( hockey mostly ) and all the Canadian issues may have some different article content . The advertising may also be Canada-centric .
Sports Illustrated Presents Launched in 1989 This is their tribute and special edition issues that are sold both nationally or regionally as stand alone products . * * Originally started with Super Bowl Tributes the product became a mainstay in 1993 with Alabama as the NCAA National Football Champions . Today multiple issues are released including regional releases of the NCAA , NBA , NFL , MLB champions along with special events or special people . Advertising deals are also done with Sports Illustrated Presents ( Kellogg 's ) .
CNNSI.com a 24-hour sports news web site Launched on July 17 , 1997 Online version of the magazine The domain name was sold in May 2015 [ 29 ]
a 24-hour sports news web site Sports Illustrated Women magazine ( the highest circulation 400,000 ) Launched in March 2000 Ceased publication in December 2002 because of a weak advertising climate
magazine ( the highest circulation 400,000 ) Sports Illustrated on Campus magazine Launched on September 4 , 2003 Dedicated to college athletics and the sports interests of college students . Distributed free on 72 college campuses through a network of college newspapers . Circulation of one million readers between the ages of 18 and 24 . Ceased publication in December 2005 because of a weak advertising climate
magazine
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
MacCambridge , Michael ( 1997 ) , The Franchise : A History of Sports Illustrated Magazine , Hyperion Press , ISBN 0-7868-6216-5 .
. Fleder , Rob ( 2005 ) , Sports Illustrated 50 : The Anniversary Book , Time Inc. , ISBN 1-932273-49-2 .
. Regli , Philip ( 1998 ) , The Collectors Guide to Sports Illustrated and Sports Publications , Beckett , ISBN 1-887432-49-3 .
The primary reason that condoms fail to prevent HIV/STD infection or pregnancy is incorrect or inconsistent use , not a failure of the condom itself . Consistent use means using a condom with each and every act of anal , vaginal , or oral sex .
But let 's be honest : That does n't always happen , either because of misinformation , misuse , or misconceptions about personal HIV risk .
So , let 's start by outlining the 12 steps to putting on a male condom correctly and see how many you get right :
1 : Buy the Right Condom
One size does n't fit all . Start by sizing the condom to your penis or the penis of your partner to prevent slippage or breakage . Choose FDA-approved condoms made of latex or polyurethane , but avoid natural lambskin condoms , novelty condoms , or condoms pre-lubricated with the spermicide nonoxynol-09 ( the latter of which can compromise the delicate mucosal tissues of the vagina and anus ) . And be sure to purchase plenty of condoms , not just a few , in case there is an accidental tear or breakage .
2 : Store Your Condoms Correctly
Always store condoms in a cool , dry place and away from sunlight . Do n't keep them any place where they 'll be exposed to heat or fluctuations in temperatures , including your glove compartment , wallet , or back pocket .
3 : Check the Condom Package and Date
First and foremost , always check the expiration date of the condom and never use an expired condom . Check the wrapper for any signs of tears or damage . If you remove the condom from its wrapper and it looks discolored , brittle or sticky , throw it out and get another .
4 : Get the Right Lubricant
Always use an approved water-based or silicone lubricant . Oil-based lubricants ( including baby oil , mineral oil petroleum jelly or vegetable shortening ) can weaken the structure of latex , increasing the risk of tears or breakage .
5 : Open the Condom Carefully
Open the condom carefully using the easy-tear edges . Do n't get carried away and simply rip the package open . Tearing the package with your teeth is also a bad idea , since you may not see if you 've inadvertently nipped the condom with your teeth .
6 : Determine Which Side of the Condom Is Up
Place the condom on your thumb , but do n't unroll it . Check the rolled edges of the condom . If the condom is right side up , there will be a rimmed lip on the edge . If it 's inside-out , the edge will be smooth . Do n't rely on the reservoir tip as the indicator of this , as it may be inverted . If situated properly , the condom will roll smoothly away from the reservoir tip .
7 : Pre-Lube the Condom and Penis
It sometimes makes it easier to unroll the condom if you put a drop of lubricant on the inside of the reservoir tip . Do n't put too much lubricant , as it can fill the reservoir and force some of the sperm to the sides of the condom during ejaculation .
8 : Make Sure the Penis Is Fully Erect
If the penis is not fully erect , there is a greater chance that the condom will slip off . If erections tend to come and go , which is not uncommon , try using a cock ring , which is worn around the base of the penis and can help maintain a longer-lasting erection .
9 : Pinch the Reservoir Tip as You Unroll the Condom
By fully pinching the reservoir tip , you eliminate the air pocket , which can direct the ejaculated sperm to the sides of the condom rather than into the tip itself . The condom should roll down easily down the length of the penis shaft . If you struggle to unroll the condom because it is inside out , throws it away and start again . Once on , smooth out any air bubbles that may be trapped on the sides of the penis . And never `` double bag '' condoms ( placing one atop the other as a form of added protection ) , as this will only increase friction and , with it , the risk of slippage and breakage .
10 : Lubricate the Condom and Penis
Proper lubrication reduces the friction during intercourse , which can tear condoms and cause discomfort . Do n't over-apply , however , as this can make the penis far too slippery , increasing the risk of condom slippage .
11 : Replace Condoms Between Each Sex Act
If you and your partner are taking a break , or changing between anal sex and vaginal sex , make every effort to change condoms . If the former case , allowing the penis to go even semi-erect can potentially increase the risk of slippage . Better to start again and to never reuse the same condom . In the latter case , alternating anal to vaginal sex can increase the risk of bacterial infection .
12 : Remove the Condom Carefully After Ejaculation
Thousands of protesters are filling Tahrir Square on Friday morning in response to a call by Islamist groups and various revolutionary movements .
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood , Salafists , along with various revolutionary groups called for protests against the addendum to the Constitutional Declaration issued by Egypt 's ruling Supreme Council of Armed Forces ( SCAF ) . They also object to what they see as the interference of the SCAF in the transition to democracy .
Protesters prepared for the one million man protest by closing all entries to Tahrir Square , hanging banners listing the demands and setting up a stage . Protesters are hanging pictures of the Muslim Brotherhood 's presidential candidate , Mohamed Morsi who made it to the runoff and who they assert is the winner .
Banners also object to the High Constitutional Court 's decision that dissolved the parliament which was elected last fall , the addendum to the Constitutional Declaration and charge that there was fraud during the presidential runoffs .
Egypt 's first post-Mubarak president was supposed to be officially announced Thursday after the runoff between the long-time aviation minister , Shafiq and Morsi , however the Supreme Presidential Electoral Commission postponed giving the official results to Saturday or Sunday stating they needed more time to investigage reports of inconsistencies during the polling . Some Brotherhood members had already started demonstrations in Tahrir Square on Wednesday . Moreover , have some occupied Tahrir since Tuesday , after the SCAF issued the addendum to the Constitutional Declaration .
Al-Nour Party , the Salafist Islamist party , supported Friday 's planned protests in an official statement released on Thursday , stating their objection to the `` coup '' against the democratic transition .
A group of revolutionary political parties and movements announced that they will organise a rally march from El-Fatah Mosque in Ramses Square to the High Court to Talaat Harb Square in downtown Cairo after the Friday prayers in protest to the addendum , the new constituent assembly to be formed by the SCAF and the military police 's judicial right to arrest civilians .
Among the groups and parties participating in the rally are the April 6th Youth Movement , the Revolutionary Socialists and Socialist Popular Alliance Party .
The Socialist Popular Alliance Party issued a statement on Thursday declaring that it will not participate in the sit-in in Tahrir Square , nor the protest organised by the Muslim Brotherhood on Friday because “ it rejects the way in which the revolution is being used in electoral wars , ” as their statement put it .
However , some activists also declared that they will not participate in either the protest nor the rally organised by revolutionary powers . Nawara Negm , for example , said , “ I will not go to the protest because it is organised only for the Muslim Brotherhood 's interests and I do not trust the Muslim Brotherhood . ”
Short link :
Over the last couple of years we 've all finally gotten used to 4G LTE being the mobile standard our phones use… so of course , the next network tech is already in development . The wireless companies ' plans for expanding LTE networks sound simple : piggyback off spectrum that 's sitting right there , available for anyone to use , so the metaphorical pipes can be bigger . Except that could cause big problems for basically all the wireless tech we already use .
The new idea is called LTE-U , and there are a bunch of businesses fighting in Washington to have their say over how it comes to be .
What is LTE-U ?
LTE-U is a new technology , still in development , that expands the networks mobile phones used to move data into the unlicensed ( that 's the “ U ” ) spectrum space .
Great ! And in English , that actually means… ?
The entirety of our modern data infrastructure , since the dawn of broadcast media over a century ago , relies on one basic principle of physics : information can travel through the air if you send and receive in certain parts of the electromagnetic spectrum .
The full EM spectrum is admittedly rather large , but the specific set of frequencies where radio waves travel — which includes all the bands we use for radio , broadcast TV , WiFi , and mobile communications — are fairly limited . When too many things try to use the exact same frequency in close proximity to each other , the signals interfere and nothing works . So the FCC regulates who can use which stretches of frequencies , through licensing and auctions and so forth .
For example , your favorite FM radio station has a very specific frequency you have to turn your digital dial to while you drive around . That broadcaster has a license from the FCC to use that frequency , and exactly that frequency , for radio . But WiFi is a little different . All of those wireless data networks , from public hotspots to your home router , occupy essentially the same set of waves : either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band . You do n't need a license from the FCC to broadcast there , as it were ; you just need your hardware ( router , laptop , tablet , etc . ) to meet approved specs .
So what LTE-U does is kick over some cellular device connectivity into that 5GHz band where WiFi currently lives . Because it 's unlicensed territory , anyone can use it without first going through the FCC 's licensing process .
Do n't we already have tech that moves mobile features over to WiFi ?
Yes , but they 're a little different .
Sprint , T-Mobile , and AT & T all offer ( or will shortly offer ) WiFi calling on handsets that support the feature , including any iPhone running the latest versions of iOS . Rather than blending use of cellular tech and WiFi tech , those calls simply take place exclusively over WiFi when you dial .
It 's also slightly different from plans like Cablevision 's Freewheel service , which only operates over WiFi , and does n't have an LTE or cellular component at all .
LTE-U would basically bridge the two systems , drawing on the spectrum the WiFi infrastructure uses to boost LTE functionality .
What are the benefits of LTE-U ?
Existing mobile tech , 4G LTE , is hitting the limits of its capability . For faster , stronger , better signals — something the rapidly expanding mobile market clearly can support and would use — businesses need new tech . So mobile manufacturers are saying , hey : look at this ! We can boost existing LTE with this fancy new idea , and that will create more bandwidth that works faster and better so everyone can go stream more video , hooray .
According to Qualcomm , one of the businesses developing and pushing LTE-U , the combination of licensed and unlicensed spectrum harnessed together in aggregate makes “ the end-user 's experience seamless creating a fatter data pipe whenever a data boost is needed . In essence , users get an enhanced mobile broadband experience with all of the benefits of LTE Advanced . ”
In short , it 's a way of boosting networks . Consumers would get faster , more reliable mobile data and mobile businesses would get to save a lot of money , by using existing technology and infrastructure instead of having to build and deploy something entirely new .
Okay , and what are the problems with LTE-U ?
That unlicensed spectrum is n't empty ; we 've got WiFi in it . WiFi that people are using a lot . And that could pose a problem .
The technical ways in which the current iterations of LTE-U access the unlicensed spectrum can interfere with the performance of tasks over WiFi . Instead of , basically , queuing neatly in the ether and waiting their turn , LTE signals can interrupt existing WiFi transmissions . Those interruptions could lead to degraded , lower-quality data and slower response times over the network .
In other words , the worry is that if you are working along just fine streaming video to your tablet over WiFi , and someone on the other end of the room makes an LTE-U call , your video ( or call , or upload , or game , or… ) might stutter or cut out , which would drive every consumer crazy and have potential financial harms for some businesses .
This sounds complicated . Who 's fighting it out over what happens next ?
The businesses most strongly favor of continuing to develop LTE-U as-is are the ones with a big stake in it : Qualcomm ( which develops the chips that power the mobile phones ) , Nokia , Verizon , AT & T , and T-Mobile . Sprint did not file a comment with the FCC ; however , the CTIA , a mobile industry trade group which includes Sprint among its many members , did — also in favor of LTE-U .
The groups backing LTE-U formed a new lobbying venture at the end of September to try to convince the FCC to take their side .
Businesses that stand to face harm , on the other hand , have expressed concerns to the FCC . Cablevision , which operates Freewheel exclusively over WiFi , wrote in their comments that the “ incumbent licensed carriers have an economic incentive to use LTE-U and LAA [ a similar technology ] to undermine competition . ”
The NCTA , the trade group for the cable industry ( and therefore , for most of the WiFi broadband providers ) is also against the current iteration . “ Without a dramatic change of course , both LTE-U and LAA will gravely harm the unlicensed ecosystem , ” the NCTA 's comment explains .
Consumer advocate groups , including the Open Technology Institute , Public Knowledge , Free Press , and Common Cause , also all urge caution , and back up Cablevision 's perspective that wireless carriers could use LTE-U in anticompetitive ways , and urge the FCC to push for “ robust co-existence features in the tech .
At the heart of all the comments , on both sides , is the “ good neighbor ” principle . Proponents of LTE-U say that polite network behavior that does n't trample anyone else can be baked into the system from the start ; opponents have their very strong doubts that , absent regulation , businesses have any incentive or desire to do so . Comments in the middle more or less say that the good neighbor behavior needs to be taken into account , and encourage the FCC to make sure it is .
But the FCC gets the final word , right ? So what do they have to say ?
In remarks he gave in September , FCC chairman Tom Wheeler strongly encouraged the industry — or rather , industries , mobile and cable both — to come together to create one broad-based standards process that would work for everyone .
Should the various technology businesses not feel like cooperating with each other , however , stronger FCC intervention would be called for . In the meantime , the commission has been collecting comments and information in an open docket .
After a night at the orgy , the ancient Romans would cure their hangovers by stuffing themselves with deep-fried canaries . The Greeks favoured frying up sheep 's lungs . For decades , we Britons have relied on bacon sandwiches to soak away the headache and nausea after a night out . But it was not until earlier this year that scientists at Newcastle University claimed to have pinpointed how fried meats cure hangovers by boosting the metabolism and creating amines which clear the head .
In much the same way , economics is a science which employs some of the world 's most intelligent people and most powerful computers in order to prove the bleeding obvious . When I first started writing about the subject , one excited academic told me to look into behavioural economics , which he described as the most `` exciting and radical '' of all the fields of economic research . Its most edgy , controversial finding ? That people occasionally behave irrationally , driven by emotion rather than reason . Well , duh .
One of the real achievements of Paul Samuelson , the revered American economist who died earlier this month , was to put into mathematical form so much of what was rather obvious to the man in the street ( for instance , the idea that people tend to buy what they prefer to buy ) .
But there was an unintended consequence to this : so many maths was injected into the discipline that economists became terrified of making assumptions that could n't be backed up by equations . This ascent to a lofty peak of geekery and abandonment of common sense helped precipitate the economic and financial crisis of the past few years .
Consider : in the run-up to the crash , there was no shortage of laymen pointing out that people often take out mortgages or overdrafts without thinking hard about the long-term consequences for their finances , and that investors are prone to over-excitement when the promise of easy money is dangled before them ; but the economists , surrounded by their slide rules and spreadsheets , failed to listen .
They are listening now – as the wonks in the City scramble to justify their failure to see the crunch coming , they argue that the flaw lay not so much with economics per se , as with the fact that the discipline had failed to remain receptive to common sense . In short , it had disappeared up its own statistical fundament .
Is it a good enough excuse ? Judging by the way the economic fraternity have been treated in the past year or so , you might think so . 2009 ought to have been the year that economists well and truly fell from grace . There is surely adequate ammunition to explode any remaining faith in their powers of prediction : the scale of the economic slump , the rise in unemployment , the fact that a small number of extremely rich people have been getting richer while the majority have suffered .
But bizarrely enough , it has n't happened . Sure , there has been plenty of muttering about economists ' shortcomings ; the groans at their failed forecasts ( for instance , the fact that house prices , far from falling by 10 per cent this year as predicted , have actually risen by around 3 per cent ) are louder . But even today , in the shadow of the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression , we still listen obediently when they dispense their wisdom . The ratings agencies , which ought to have had the hardest fall from grace after famously deeming worthless `` toxic '' assets to be among the highest-grade investments , are still able to provoke panic by merely hinting that they are planning to downgrade a country 's debt . We continue to hang on the words of Nobel laureates and professors who entirely failed to see the crisis coming .
Why ? We have surely not forgiven the sinners . Rather , in the confusion of economic collapse , and as the economists did themselves , we have lost trust in our common sense and are seeking refuge in apparent certainty . There is a deep-seated human instinct to seek out oracles , and in a world that is less religious than it once was , in an internet age characterised by a relentless blizzard of information , noise and data , we have become more reliant than ever before on `` experts '' : anyone with qualifications or distinctions which make them worthy of attention .
Yet , if there is one thing this crisis ought to have taught us , it is that those apparently `` in the know '' , and in power , often have just as little clue about what is going on as the rest of us . The public looked to the politicians ; the politicians looked to the economists ; the economists looked to their mathematical models . The upshot was the financial crisis .
Of course , an alternative explanation for our continued faith in economists could be that we have yet to feel the real pain of the recession . By lumping so much debt on to governments ' balance sheets , we have merely put the full effects of the crisis off for a bit . Perhaps , then , when countries start defaulting , our faith in the `` experts '' will be well and truly shattered . I think I prefer the first explanation .
Orders will be shipped with the USPS within the United States .
Please note that we ship from two locations , one in Canada and one in the United States . Canadian orders may ship with Canada Post , FedEx Canada or USPS .
International customers ( other than Canadian ) will receive their order via USPS First Class Mail International .
DELIVERY TIME
Mugs , boxes , paintings and t-shirts :
Although we usually begin processing orders within 1 business day , since all our items are made to order , please allow 3-5 business days of processing time . Please allow 4-7 business days for delivery on all mugs , boxes , paintings and t-shirts .
For keychains and earrings , please allow 7-12 business days for delivery . We offer an optional shipping upgrade for our keychains , please note that if you do not select this shipping upgrade , your parcel will not have a tracking number and we will not offer any replacement or refund if the parcel is lost .
We do not offer any PICK-UP option . Sorry about that .
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS We will attempt to honor all international orders .
For keychains , please allow 7-21 business days .
Tracking Says `` Delivered ; '' Package Not Received
Occasionally a carrier will scan a package as delivered before it arrives at the final destination . When this happens , the package is usually delivered within the next few business days .
- See if someone else accepted delivery . Check with household members , neighbors , building managers , the mail room , front desk , and anyone else who may have accepted the delivery .
- Look around the delivery location . Carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe , hidden place like on a side porch , in/around your garage , or behind bushes .
- Look for a notice of attempted delivery . You may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or P.O . Box or on your door . Follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or pick up the package .
- Contact the carrier . Ask if they have additional information about the package 's location . ( Have your tracking or delivery confirmation number handy . ) If you package was shipped via UPS , they may be able to hold the package at their local hub for you to pick up . You can call UPS and see if this is possible .
- If you believe your package has been lost or stolen , you 'll need to file a police report with your local police department . Learn more about filing a police report .
5 Most Important Juniors for USC Football in 2017 by Alicia de Artola
USC Podcast : RoT Radio Ep . 210 on Week 1 of fall camp by Reign of Troy Staff
Two years ago , the USC tight ends unit had an Ivy League walk-on transfer getting first-team reps. Now , they 're fielding Mackey Award candidates . What changed ?
Ahead of the 2015 season , USC Football 's tight end picture looked so bleak even the Trojans ' media guide could n't find a way to sugarcoat it .
“ USC 's most worrisome offensive unit from a depth and experience standpoint in 2015 is tight end , ” the usually cardinal-tinted guide said .
Worrisome was a bit of an understatement .
Entering the year , the Trojans knew they would be without graduated starter Randall Telfer , leaving the unproven Bryce Dixon and Jalen Cope-Fitzpatrick to carry the load .
What the Trojans did n't know was neither of those options would play another down for USC .
Steve Sarkisian and his staff signed four-star tight end prospect Tyler Petite in February , but even then , the head coached talked about the possibility of deploying new linebacker signees Porter Gustin and Osa Masina at tight end .
That initially unlikely experiment became more realistic as the USC tight ends situation began to circle the drain .
When spring camp started in March , Dixon was nowhere to be seen , mired in the student-conduct investigation that would ultimately see him expelled in May .
The Trojans were left with Cope-Fitzpatrick as the only scholarship tight end on the roster , and he had missed the 2014 season due to academic ineligibility . Walk-on Columbia-transfer Connor Spears took first-team reps that spring and became a serious option for major playing time .
Of course , Cope-Fitzpatrick did not make it to the season yet again .
By June , there were hints his academic eligibility was far from a certainty . A couple of months later , after he was named to the 2015 Mackey Award watch list , he was ruled out for the second consecutive season to focus on academics .
2015 FLASHBACK : The Golden Age of USC Tight Ends Has Passed
At least by then , USC had taken steps to shore up the position with moves that would ultimately pay huge dividends .
Going into 2015 , the unit had a combined total of one career catch between them : McNamara 's only snag at Oklahoma .
Oklahoma 's Taylor McNamara announced his intention to join the Trojans as a graduate transfer in March . Having already completed his degree , the former Sooner would be eligible to play immediately .
The Trojans also landed Daniel Imatorbhebhe —the brother of USC commit and eventual signee , Josh Imatorbhebhe— as a transfer from Florida . He was an early enrollee in the Gator 's 2015 recruiting class and would have to sit out a season due to NCAA transfer rules .
Despite the positive additions , the USC tight ends picture remained less-than-ideal .
When the Trojans started fall camp in August , 2015 the tight end group included three scholarship players : McNamara , Petite and Imatorbhebhe . The last of whom could not actually play for USC until 2016 .
Walk-ons at the position included the co-starter Spears , former Trojan center Cyrus Hobbi —40 pounds lighter following his retirement a year earlier— and true freshman Caleb Wilson , the son of defensive line coach Chris Wilson .
The unit had a combined total of one career catch between them : McNamara 's only snag at Oklahoma . His 10 appearances for the Sooners barely outpaced Hobbi 's nine for USC…at center .
For Petite , the lack of experience was glaring .
“ We first got there and T-Mac [ McNamara ] had game experience and that was it , ” Petite said . “ We had Connor who had been here , but he really had n't been in any games . I was coming in as a freshman , [ and ] had n't had any sort of game experience in college .
“ Daniel , even though he was sitting out , had no experience . Not just experience on the game field , but at practice . We had n't even been through our first practice yet . We were just an extremely young group and we had a lot of growing to do . ”
Most players come into a position room and have veterans to look up to and lean on as they ease into the college game . Most transfers who arrive get integrated into a pre-existing unit culture . Not so for USC 's new tight ends .
As the elder statesmen , McNamara and Spears took on leadership roles , but Petite and Imatorbhebhe both said the group as a whole was able to establish their own culture from scratch . After all , they were all on even footing as new Trojans trying to settle in .
That created a camaraderie .
Forging their own way would have been enough of a hurdle for the tight end group in 2015 , but other challenges were in store for USC as a whole , and the tight ends as individuals .
A month into the season , Sarkisian was removed from his post as head coach and offensive coordinator Clay Helton was promoted to interim head coach , sending the Trojans down a tumultuously familiar path .
Meanwhile , the 235-pound Petite was struggling to put on weight . Though he thrived as a receiving option , leading all of USC 's tight ends with 15 catches for 145 yards on the season , he could n't reach his ideal playing weight between 250 and 260 pounds . His ability to become a complete tight end was greatly limited .
Turns out , he had sleep apnea , a disorder in which a person 's breathing is interrupted while they sleep , depriving their brain of oxygen .
“ I was sick my whole freshman year because my body just could n't recover , ” Petite said . “ And then I finally figured that out , got everything checked out and found a solution . I put on 15 pounds right away . ”
All things considered , the 2015 USC tight ends averted the disaster hinted at in the media guide .
McNamara had established himself as a dependable figure , and Petite pitched in as a passing target . Meanwhile , Imatorbhebhe waited for his turn to shine .
The then-freshman had his own growing to do first .
When he enrolled at Florida , Imatorbhebhe was even slimmer than Petite , weighing under 215 pounds . It was a rude awakening to go up against Gator defensive backs like the 216-pound Keanu Neil and 209-pound Quincy Wilson , or even a smaller , but physical cornerback like Vernon Hargreaves III .
“ That was n't fun , ” he said . “ I was light . I was lanky . ”
The redshirt year at USC had its effect . By 2016 , Imatorbhebhe stepped on to the field for the first time in cardinal and gold listed at 240 pounds .
“ I feel like I got a lot bigger , faster , stronger , more explosive , ” he said .
Still , success for Imatorbhebhe came incrementally .
He made his first career catch in Week 2 against Utah State and started for the first time a week later at Stanford . However , his impact as a pass catcher was limited .
Imatorbhebhe 's second career catch and first college touchdown did not come until Week 6 , when the Trojans hosted Colorado . The same game in which Petite also accounted for two scores .
Burgeoning chemistry with quarterback Sam Darnold ensured that Imatorbhebhe 's role would only increase , culminating in early November with a five-catch , 78-yard performance in USC 's 26-13 upset of Washington .
The tight end 's back-to-back catches of 21 and 22 yards in the second quarter set up a short Ronald Jones touchdown run to give the Trojans a commanding 17-6 lead . His fourth quarter touchdown helped seal the victory .
“ It was a fun game . I 'm going to remember it for a long time , ” Imatorbhebhe said the week after the win .
But the USC tight ends were pivotal in another unforgettable , last season : the 2017 Rose Bowl .
Imatorbhebehe moved the chains with a 12-yard catch on the Trojans ' game-tying touchdown drive in the final two minutes against Penn State . McNamara helped set the stage a quarter earlier , catching Darnold 's two-point conversion throw to put the Trojans back within a touchdown .
That small but critical contribution was a fitting end for McNamara 's Trojan career . In two years as a starter , he often flew under the radar . His best plays would n't make the yearly highlight reel , but he was one of the cogs that kept USC 's offense running in 2015 and 2016 .
READ MORE : How Graduate Transfers Like Taylor McNamara Helped Win USC the Rose Bowl
“ Anything I 've done this year , or Tyler has done this year , all goes back to [ McNamara ] , ” Imatorbhebhe said last year .
But it all really goes back to 2015 , when two transfers and a true freshman were thrown together and expected to rebuild an entire position group .
“ It was a growth up process that happened a lot faster than most college kids probably have it , ” Petite said . “ But it was great . I think what happened that year really prepared us for what is going on now . ”
Now , the Trojan tight end group is a force to be reckoned with , one with the potential to go down in USC lore . Imatorbhebhe calls it a room full of “ legitimate ballers. ” Their offensive coordinator sees something special .
“ That tight end group is the best I have ever been around , college and pro , ” Tee Martin said .
Leading the way are Petite and Imatorbhebhe , no longer the new kids on the block .
“ It 's definitely a weird feeling , because it 's like , where did all the time go ? We still feel like we 're young guys , ” Imatorbhebhe said . “ But it 's been the coolest thing to go from being the guys that were learning from older guys like Taylor and Connor , to being the guys that are teaching . ”
The duo is now responsible for shepherding the next generation of Trojan tight ends , and they do n't take that lightly .
During the spring , the two helped foster the growth of redshirt freshman Cary Angeline . This fall , Petite has attached himself to freshman Erik Krommenhoek , while Imatorbhebhe guides newbie Josh Falo .
Angeline is a 6-foot-7 “ freak of nature , ” who Imatorbhebhe contends could leave USC as the greatest Trojan tight end of them all .
Krommenhoek 's high football IQ and strength set the three-star prospect apart , while Falo is the “ gifted athlete ” capable of wowing his teammates .
“ I 'm already starting to pray for the opponents that have to face them because I would n't want to do it . Those guys are going to be great , ” Imatorbhebhe said .
RELATED : Five Most USC Important Freshmen Going into 2017
Whatever they achieve , those three will be products of the foundation USC laid in 2015 .
The end game is to create a legacy bridging the gap between the great tight ends of the past and this tight end renaissance .
“ We 're really now just putting an exclamation point on what we want it to be like in [ the tight end room ] . So when the day comes that we pass off the room to Cary and Erik and Josh , it just stays the same , ” Imatorbhebhe said . “ Guys will go out there and try to do the best for their team and just ball out when their number 's called . ”
As bright as the future looks for USC 's tight ends , the present carries it 's own promise .
Imatorbhebhe is on the 2017 Mackey Award watch list as one of the nation 's premiere tight ends .
“ I used to play NCAA and my tight end would win the Mackey , so my name being on that is kind of surreal , ” he said .
Winning it would be even more surreal .
Next to him , Petite has worked hard this offseason to elevate his own game . Finally at his goal weight of 260 , the junior has felt a difference this summer .
“ It was the first time I was n't sick or hurt , ” he said . “ It was just full go in the weight room , out running , everything and it just all clicked ”
The name-recognition may not be there for Petite , but the talent is , making he and Imatorbhebhe arguably the best tight end duo in the country .
MUST READ : Best Case/The Worst Case for USC 's Tight Ends in 2017
If nothing else , USC 's tight ends are now among the surest things on the roster . Petite ca n't help but revel in that .
“ The funny part is , I 'm going into my junior season and I 'm one of the oldest guys on the offense , experience-wise , ” he said . “ We 're pretty much one of the older groups and more experienced out of all the groups .
“ So , for our group , I have the highest of expectations . ”
What a difference two years can make .
Teen Mom Jenelle Evans Kicked Out Of House After Heroin Arrest
Jenelle Evans may be going to the big house soon , but there 's one house she 's not allowed back in- her own !
The Teen Mom star and hubby Courtland Rogers had been staying with Courtland 's mother since their quickie marriage in December .
But no more !
After Jenelle 's heroin arrest , Mrs. Rogers has put her foot down- and used it to kick Jenelle out of the house !
Sources say Courtland 's mother left all of Jenelle 's personal items in boxes on the lawn and told her daughter-in-law to come get them before they got thrown away !
According to reports , Jenelle showed up with her own mother and a police chaperone , but that did n't stop the Teen Mom dramz from ensuing as Jenelle screamed and cursed at her mom-in-law , accusing her of stealing before finally leaving the scene with her stuff .
There was one possession she had to leave behind- her pet pit bull ! And since the Rogers fam does n't want it , they 're giving it away !
But speaking of the doghouse , Jenelle 's possibly abusive husband Courtland is still welcome in his mother 's home- without his wife !
[ Image via Twitter . ]
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has refused to guarantee military support to another NATO nation if it was attacked by Russia .
He stressed the importance of building strong diplomatic relations with Moscow .
NATO 's article five enshrines the principle of “ collective defence ” where an attack against one member is considered an attack against all .
The UK , as a NATO member , would be expected to uphold that principle but Mr Corbyn would not give a concrete assurance that he would do so if he was prime minister .
Mr Corbyn was asked during the latest Labour leadership debate how he would react as PM to a violation by Vladimir Putin of the sovereignty of another NATO state . He said :
“ You would obviously try to avoid that happening in the first place , you would build up a good dialogue with Russia to ask them and support them in respecting borders . ”
The Labour leader repeatedly stressed the importance of improving diplomacy with Russia but would not firmly commit to upholding article five .
When pushed on whether he would sign off on the UK going to the aid of a NATO ally , he said :
“ That 's in the NATO treaty . I would hope that we could strengthen our relationship and activity within the OSCE , the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which includes Russia and every other state . We can not allow a military build-up which is going to lead to some calamitous , incredibly dangerous situation . ”
Mr Corbyn said he would want to avoid the UK entering into military action as he again stressed the importance of building diplomatic relationships . Pushed once more , he said :
“ I do n't wish to go to war . What I want to do is achieve a world where we do n't need to go to war , where there is no need for it . That can be done . ”
Leadership challenger Owen Smith was unequivocal in his response to the same question . He said :
“ We would have to come to the aid of a fellow member of NATO . That 's the nature of the NATO accord . That would be the job of Britain in the event of a fellow NATO member being invaded , obviously . But it would be calamitous and we must never see that happen ” .
Mr Smith also stressed the importance of improving diplomatic links between the UK and Russia .
Recently , US presidential candidate Donald Trump said he would not guarantee that the US would come to the aid of a NATO ally if it had not contributed 2 % of its GDP to the organisation .
NATO members ' defence spending is supposed to amount to 2 % of GDP , but only five out of 28 members met this target last year , according to a NATO report .
Seattle Bike Map
One of our most popular publications , the Seattle Bike Map is now better than ever . The map presents information about cycling in Seattle in a clear , easy-to-use , and friendly format .
You can download the map or order a paper copy free of charge using the form below .
Seattle 's bike map is updated annually to reflect progress made in building the 450-mile bikeway network recommended in the Seattle Bicycle Master Plan .
To receive a printed copy of this map , call Cascade Bicycle Club at 206-522-3222 , or use the form below .
You may prefer to plan your trip in advance by using our new interactive online bicycle map .
Let us know what you think about the new maps . Write to us at walkandbike @ seattle.gov or call 206-684-7583 .
NOTICE TO BICYCLISTS : This map and accompanying information is intended solely to assist bicyclists in selecting routes through the City of Seattle . In providing this information , the City does not assume liability for bicyclists who choose to travel upon any of the routes , trails or lanes shown on this map , nor does the City guarantee the stability , condition or fitness of any of the listed routes , trails or lanes for bicycling . Many of the routes , trails or lanes identified on this map cross and/or run on public roads that are exposed to daily wear and tear and degradation due to weather , motorized traffic and other environmental factors . As is true of any street , routes may contain pavement imperfections , including ruts , cracks , bumps , expansion joints , and debris . It is the responsibility of the individual rider to remain alert at all times as to the conditions of the road , pedestrian and other traffic on the road , and the inherent potential for conflict in any shared-use space . Route users should always ride with care for their own safety as well as the safety of all other users of the road or right-of-way .
Request a Printed Version of the Map
Please completely fill out the information fields with your name , address and e-mail .
It was about 11 months ago that the Chicago White Sox were the American League darlings of the offseason . The San Diego Padres had the Most Improved Award locked up for the National League , but the White Sox nabbed Melky Cabrera , David Robertson , Adam LaRoche and Jeff Samardzija . What an offseason ! If you want to spend the next 15 minutes going through a Twitter search of `` Padres White Sox World Series , '' be my guest . I just did , and I recommend it .
The Padres and White Sox did not face each other in the 2015 World Series .
We have n't heard from the Padres yet this offseason , but we know at the trade deadline they were holding onto assets rather than dealing them . In his first offseason , Padres general manager A.J . Preller was unfathomably aggressive . He could do it again . He could be six times more aggressive , which I think would involve some sort of military coup . He could be half as aggressive and still be more aggressive than anyone in the National League .
The White Sox , though , just might be rebuilding . From CBS Chicago :
As the GM meetings continue in Florida , White Sox general manager Rick Hahn has explained that his team is going through a minor teardown and build-up this offseason . But make no mistake about the complete picture : The franchise is going through a significant restructuring .
The headline reads `` White Sox Are In Rebuilding Mode . '' Later in the piece , we have another quote :
`` We are trying to do this ( rebuild properly ) as soon as possible , '' Hahn said .
WAIT . What 's in the parentheses ? Is it a swear word ? Or were the parentheses there so the author could define the `` this '' ? Nowhere in the article is Hahn quoted directly with the word `` rebuild , '' and that 's important . `` This '' could mean something as simple as contending . The quote could just as easily be rejiggered to look like this :
We are trying to do this ( not be so crappy ) as soon as possible , '' Hahn said .
For a moment , though , assume the White Sox do want to rebuild . A complete teardown , right to the studs . What would that look like ?
Chris Sale would bring back one of the most absurd prospect packages in the game .
Jose Abreu would bring back something similar .
Adam Eaton would bring back a lot . Jose Quintana would , too . David Robertson , even with a market value contract , would be popular . The White Sox could be swimming in prospects . Rolling around on them . Handing them out as party favors . They would use their prospects for stapling things around the office because they 'd have too many of them , really . And as we all know , the point of baseball is to acquire prospects . The team with the most prospects at the end of the year gets a parade right down the middle of the Internet .
Except this brings up the Greater Theory of Rebuilding , which I totally did n't just make up :
The total number of prospects you can get by trading all of your best players is inversely proportional with how much sense it makes to trade them .
That is , if you have a ton of great players , you can exchange them for a whole bunch of prospects . Except ... you have a bunch of great players . Maybe keep them ? Build around them ? Do good baseball things with them ?
Here , I made a fancy plot :
You can tell it 's fancy because of the comic sans . The more talent other teams want , the more sense it makes to keep that talent . The White Sox have an ace and a prodigious slugger . They have a couple of solid players behind the slugger , and a couple solid pitchers behind the ace . They have a bullpen with promise . They have gaping holes at second and third , with a couple different options on the free agent market . They have a protected pick , so they can be aggressive with the premium free agents , too .
Except I 'm not sure exactly where the White Sox are on that plot . They might be closer to the Reds than the Royals , and everyone agrees that the Reds should trade whatever they can for available prospects .
But they could be an Avisail Garcia breakout , Melky Cabrera rebound and creative offseason away from having a really , really nice lineup . At least , a lineup ( with a better defense , hopefully ) that could help Sale , Quintana and Carlos Rodon win more games than they lose . It 's quite the high wire act .
The bottom of the current White Sox lineup is a disaster , of course . If there 's anything preventing a reload instead of a rebuild , it 's the daunting task of finding a third baseman and a shortstop and a second baseman . And maybe a catcher . And probably another starting pitcher . All on a mid-level payroll . It would sure be easier to grab the basket of prospects , run to the cellar and hang out for a couple years .
Except , if the White Sox trade everybody , what are the odds they 'll get back a prospect who becomes as good as Sale ? As good as Abreu ? As good as Quintana ? All at the same time ? Pretty low . They could get all the prospects , sure , but that does n't mean they 'll come out on the other side with a better team . Hahn 's words were `` a minor teardown , '' which makes more sense . I 'm wondering if they even need to do that much before attacking the market .
The White Sox are over the tipping point . They have enough talent to build around , and bold headlines about rebuilding seem premature . They had the splashy offseason last year and were dreadful . But they could be right in the middle of the AL Central with a modest , understated offseason and some help from within . That seems like a more reasonable goal than punting and hoping for good things in 2018 .
I really do n't like that Proverbs 31 lady . She is just so… together . Her life is perfectly organized and well managed . She has everything figured out . And everyone just loves her . She is not a normal woman- she stands out big time .
I want to like her , really . The problem is when I look at her I see all of my inadequacies . I see the inevitable dust on the shelves and the dog hair that reappears the second I put up the broom . I see the imperfect relationships in my life . I see my inability to master anything half as well as her .
So instead of looking up to Proverbs 31 lady , I bitterly resent her . I have this vision of her in my mind . She 's totally gorgeous- no acne , skinny , flawless . She 's balancing a quiet and clean baby on the hip with one hand , sewing clothes the other , and dinner is cooking in the background ( and you can bet it wo n't be burned ! ) . Ugh .
But the closer I grow with God , the more I can stop picking at my flaws and imperfections . I can start to understand that I am enough , exactly as I am . And it has nothing to do with my performance or perfection . It has everything to do with God being the utmost priority in my life . More than a clean house or an employee of the month award is my relationship with God . When He is my priority , He spills out into all of the other areas of my life .
Every single day I need God 's grace to save me , heal me , and make me perfect in His sight . It is God 's grace that gives me a purpose , not my performance or perfection .
So maybe I can find peace with my friend in Proverbs 31 when I look at her with this light . She is n't a checklist of who I ought to be , but a reflection of who I can be when God 's love is my first priority .
God wants us to be so filled with Him that others can not possibly look at us without seeing Him . His love should change us and make us stand out . Others should see something different about us . Just like Proverbs 31 , we should stand out .
God 's love for us is what makes us stand out . Despite my shortcomings , God chooses to love me . I can extend love and grace to others because love and grace have been extended to me .
We love because He first loved us . ( 1 John 4:19 )
[ toddfx ] wanted to put his Raspberry Pi to work and set about creating one of the best stereos we 've ever seen : It 's called the Audio Infuser 4700 , and turns a conglomeration of old disused stereo equipment into a functional piece of art .
[ toddfx ] used a Raspberry Pi to stream music over WiFi , but also wanted to play some classic vinyl . He took apart an old Yamaha YP-D4 turntable . stripped it to the bone , and created a fantastic oak enclosure around it . To this , he added a seven-band graphic EQ , aux jacks ( both in and out ) , and a tiny 5″ CRT from an old portable TV .
Where this build really gets great is the fabrication . The front panels have all their graphics and lettering engraved via a toner-transfer like method using copper sulphate and salt . [ todd ] got the idea from this thread and we have to say the results are unbelievable .
Even though this awesome device only used for music , [ toddfx ] used the tiny color CRT to its fullest . Flick one switch , and it 's an oscilloscope-like display . Flick another switch , and it 's the output of the Raspberry Pi loaded up with a few MAME games including Pacman , Asteroids , and Space Invaders .
[ toddfx ] put up a build page for his Audio Infuser and an awesome video for his project , available below .
Bear Westerlind , an employee at the medical marijuana dispensary Kaya Shack , displays different types of marijuana flowers sold at the shop in Portland , Ore .
WILLIAMS , Ore. — On the third Thursday of each month , veteran medical marijuana growers and hopeful newbies gather in the old Williams Grange hall in a small rural Oregon valley long known for growing some of the best cannabis on the planet .
Since voters last fall made the state the fourth to make recreational marijuana legal , people have been flocking to the hall to get the latest update on lawmakers ' progress on crafting rules for the new industry .
The entrepreneurs also share tips on how to produce happy and healthy marijuana plants .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ Why not come to the source to learn about growing ? '' says Gina Erdmann , director of the Oregon SunGrown Growers ' Guild , as she lays out materials on the sign-in table outside the hall , now a community center .
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
While the pot law will go into effect Wednesday , it may pass without much fanfare in the state , which was the first to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana in 1973 . Smoking it in public is illegal , but Portland police are discouraging residents from calling 911 to report smokers .
Adults will be allowed to possess and grow limited amounts of marijuana , but not to buy or sell it yet . It will be a few months to more than a year before it is legal to sell , and then only with a state permit .
In the old Williams Grange , expectations of pot prosperity drew about 75 people to the most recent growers ' guild meeting , filling the hall . Many dropped $ 10 into a donation box .
Attorney Paul Loney told the gathering that if the Legislature authorizes medical marijuana growers to sell to dispensaries for retail sales starting Oct. 1 , growers need to be sure they get a transfer form signed by the patient they grow for .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ There will be cops trolling Craigslist looking to set up people , '' Loney warned .
The Williams Valley was settled in the 1850s gold rush , and has seen eras of homesteading , timbering and dairy farming . Farms today grow herbs , vegetables , wine grapes , hay and cattle . The valley is home to about 2,000 people .
An analysis by The Associated Press in 2011 found that about 20 percent of residents held medical marijuana cards , the highest concentration of any zip code in Oregon .
The climate is ideal for growing cannabis , with long warm summers with little or no rain . The region is remote and rural , which attracted hippies looking for a little land in the 1970s who grew marijuana in secret gardens in the nearby hills .
After medical marijuana became legal in 1999 , people brought their gardens home .
Advertisement
For years , medical marijuana laws did not allow growers to be paid for their labor . But the limits on plants and the amount a patient could possess left large surpluses , which some sold illegally . Police logs noted people from other states arrested with large amounts of pot in their trunks .
Just what the regulated retail cannabis industry in Oregon will look like continues to be a moving target . A bill would allow medical marijuana dispensaries to start selling small amounts to retail customers starting Oct. 1 , with supplies coming from medical growers .
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission , which will oversee retail sales and production , plans to start taking applications from growers in January , so permits can be awarded in time for spring planting .
Permits for processors , wholesalers and retailers would roll out in succession , allowing retail sales to start late in 2016 .
‘ ‘ It 's really a hostile business environment . But things are improving , '' said Cedar Grey , the growers ' guild president and a local homebuilder who along with his wife grow medical marijuana on a clearing in the pine and fir woods .
In Washington state , where recreational marijuana has been legal for two years , cashing in has proved more difficult than many expected , said Seattle attorney Christine Masse , who works with marijuana businesses and regulators .
‘ ‘ Some people thought this would be the next gold rush , '' she said . ‘ ‘ On the whole , that has not been the case up here . ''
They face major economic obstacles , she said . Because marijuana is still prohibited federally , growers ca n't get bank loans , deposit their money , or claim tax deductions .
Seth Crawford , who teaches marijuana policy at Oregon State University , does not expect any surge in demand , which has been served comfortably by the black market for some 40 years , and medical marijuana since 1999 .
Unless they can find some niche market , he expects many small growers , who typically sold about $ 7,500 worth of cannabis a year in 2012 , to be eaten up by bigger organizations with more capital .
‘ ‘ We are moving from an era of small , backyard producers ... to a small number of enormous production farms , '' he wrote in an email . ‘ ‘ There will be a lot of ‘ newcomers , ' ranging from inexperienced to expert . Almost all of them will fail . ''
Despite the obstacles , the Legislature is trying to encourage the industry , both to strangle the black market and to help the state 's economy .
State Representative Carl Wilson , Republican of Grants Pass , campaigned against legalization last fall , but since serving on a legislative committee creating the laws to regulate it , has been converted to the idea that cannabis can be an effective medicinal .
He hopes a legal cannabis industry will help rural Oregon , which has struggled to find a replacement for the defunct timber industry .
‘ ‘ It is a legitimate product now , '' he said . ‘ ‘ It is my interest to see it prosper , along with the medicinal . ''
New Zealand has given $ NZ45,000 ( Vatu 3.5 million ) worth of water , sanitation and hygiene kits to those affected by the eruptions on Vanuatu 's Ambae Island .
Photo : Supplied
Evacuations to nearby Pentecost Island have started for the 11,000 residents .
The New Zealand High Commission at Port Vila said two GNS volcanologists would travel to Vanuatu tomorrow to further support the Geohazards Department with their assessments .
They said New Zealand would also provide up to $ 51,000 of emergency funding to help with the immediate response to the state of emergency .
The government announced everyone will need to evacuate by next Friday following threats from the Manaro volcano .
Vanuatu Daily Post 's Dan McGarry told Checkpoint moving supplies to the island would be a daunting process .
`` We are very limited in the resources that we can bring to bear .
`` As you can imagine air transport is just a non-starter in this scenario so we 're stuck with maritime solutions . ''
McGarry said a barge would take up to four hours to reach Pentecost and could take up to 200 people at a time .
Photo : RNZ / YouTube
He said it would take a long time to get barges to Ambae Island in the first place .
New Zealand has not been asked to assist with moving people off the island .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the Defence Force did a surveillance flight this week and emergency relief supplies held in-country had been released .
The Ministry said it would work with Vanuatu to provide assistance if requested .
Features
2 Chrome Plated Steel D-rings for Quick Attachment of the Carry Strap
External ID Pocket
Heavy Duty Zippers
Thanks to an overrun , we are able to offer limited quantities of the MidwayUSA 1st Generation Compact Competition Shooting Range Bag at substantial savings . This generation of range bag uses rope and plastic snap pulls instead of the polymer and nylon pulls included on our newest version . All of the other features that make this bag one of our top sellers are the same . Do n't miss your opportunity to get a MidwayUSA favorite at a great price .
The MidwayUSA Compact Competition Shooting Range Bag fills a niche our customers have been asking about since the introduction of our incredibly popular Competition Shooting Range Bag . This scaled-down version features the same durable nylon construction as the original and has enough room to get you from stage to stage with everything you need to shoot .
Technical Information
Material : PVC Coated Polyester
Color : Black
Capacity : 1688 C.I .
Weight : 2.905 lbs
Length : 16 ''
Width : 12 ''
Height : 10 ''
Main Compartment : 16 '' x 7.5 '' x 10 ''
Two 16 '' x 7 '' interior pockets
Front : 13 '' x 2 '' x 8 ''
MidwayUSA Logo Embroidered
Rear : 13 '' x 2 '' x 8 ''
MidwayUSA Logo Embroidered
Left : 6 '' x 6 ''
Right : 6 '' x 6 ''
Shoulder Carry Strap : Yes , 2 '' W x 52 '' L removable carrying strap with shoulder pad and chrome plated steel clasps
Hand Carry Handles : Yes , Full wrap around carrying straps with 5 '' strap connector/handle with hook and loop closure
Total Number of Pockets : 5
let 's finally put it all together and get to the implementation details of the Silverlight-application . As this is mostly basic stuff I will do this without as many words as I did the last articles on this series . There is no big picture hidden inside the rest of the code ( indeed it did not even take the time and made some kind of ViewModel or whatever , instead using the good all – spaghetti like code behind ) .
First I like to wrap the F # code that gets interfaced from other .net languages a bit – they just do n't play nice with curried functions and all that . So I make a ( mutable ) class Puzzle with all the stuff the game will need finally . This is n't this much we just need some way to initialize puzzles , check their state ( solved ? ) and make a move if possible .
So let 's just wrap a PuzzleState inside a field and we 're on our way :
type Puzzle private ( initialState : PuzzleState ) = let dim = PuzzleOps.dim initialState let mutable state = initialState let isSolved ( ) = isSolved state member puzzle.Dim : int = dim member puzzle.State : PuzzleState = state member puzzle.IsSolved : bool = isSolved ( ) member puzzle.GetTileAt ( r : int , c : int ) = getTile state ( r , c ) member puzzle.Coord2Index ( r : int , c : int ) = coord2index dim ( r , c ) member puzzle.MoveTileAt ( r : int , c : int ) = state < - moveTileAt state ( r , c ) static member InitFromFlatConfig ( tiles : Tile [ ] ) = let state = initTiles tiles new Puzzle ( state ) static member InitRandom ( dim : int ) = let state = initRandom dim new Puzzle ( state )
As you can see this is just a dumped down container to hold the only mutable state and make a nice public facing interface to play with it . You might wonder why just hose methods ? ( For instance why the Coord2Index but not vice-versa ? ) Well I just made the ones public I needed in the development of the game
The Silverlight-Application
Ok – let 's switch languages ( enter C # ) and let 's have a look at the Silverlight-application .
Passing the puzzle-config
I have to be able to give the application a predefined puzzle-state as well as generate random puzzles . The second point can be handled just by calling the InitRandom-Method above but the first task is more involved .
Of course I just go and provide the config packed into the InitParams ( named TileConfig ) of the Silverlight-Application ( just as our flattened representation – number-1 on the tile , the highest number for the empty one – separated by semi-colons ) but we have to parse them . I do n't provide much for error-correction so make sure to use valid ones :
private void ApplicationStartup ( object sender , StartupEventArgs e ) { int [ ] tileConfig = null ; if ( e.InitParams.ContainsKey ( `` TileConfig '' ) ) tileConfig = ParseTileConfig ( e.InitParams [ `` TileConfig '' ] ) ; this.RootVisual = new MainPage ( tileConfig ) ; } private int [ ] ParseTileConfig ( string initParam ) { var values = initParam.Split ( ' ; ' ) ; var list = new List < int > ( ) ; foreach ( var v in values ) { int i ; if ( ! int.TryParse ( v , out i ) ) return null ; list.Add ( i ) ; } return list.ToArray ( ) ; }
The UI
The UI is very basic – just the reset-button and a Grid that will hold the tiles ( filled and configured in code ) and some ugly gradient :
< Grid x : Name= '' LayoutRoot '' Background= '' White '' > < Grid.RowDefinitions > < RowDefinition Height= '' * '' / > < RowDefinition Height= '' Auto '' / > < /Grid.RowDefinitions > < Button Content= '' Reset '' Grid.Row= '' 1 '' Click= '' OnResetGame '' / > < Border BorderBrush= '' # FF627777 '' BorderThickness= '' 5 '' CornerRadius= '' 2 '' HorizontalAlignment= '' Center '' VerticalAlignment= '' Center '' Name= '' GameboardBorder '' > < Border.Background > < LinearGradientBrush EndPoint= '' 0.5,1 '' StartPoint= '' 0.5,0 '' > < GradientStop Color= '' # FF617676 '' Offset= '' 0 '' / > < GradientStop Color= '' # FFC5CBCB '' Offset= '' 1 '' / > < /LinearGradientBrush > < /Border.Background > < Grid x : Name= '' Gameboard '' > < /Grid > < /Border > < /Grid >
The CODE-Behind
There are two constructors – one without parameters ( as always to make the XAML-designer work , as I like to see what I get into ) and one doing all the configuration . The first one will simply call the second :
private readonly int [ ] _staticTileConfig ; private const int BoardSize = 4 ; private Core.Puzzle _puzzle ; private readonly Brush _boarderBrush = new SolidColorBrush ( Colors.Black ) ; private readonly Brush _winBrush = new SolidColorBrush ( Colors.Green ) ; private readonly Brush _normalBrush ; private readonly Dictionary < int , UIElement > _tiles = new Dictionary < int , UIElement > ( ) ; private bool _solved ; public MainPage ( ) : this ( null ) { } public MainPage ( int [ ] tileConfig ) { InitializeComponent ( ) ; _normalBrush = GameboardBorder.Background ; _staticTileConfig = tileConfig ; CreateGame ( ) ; }
By the way : those brushes are a quick and dirty hack to make the games background green if solved and reset the brush back after reset . On top of this I set the tiles background to the same brush the grid is using ( the gradient ) – looks nice an is sufficient for this small project .
As you can see the constructor does its XAML magic ( by calling InitializeComponent ) and then sets the _staticTileConfig to either null ( first CTOR ) or a valid flat representation that will get passed from the App/InitParams . Next the CreateGame method will initialize our game and initialize the board :
private void CreateGame ( ) { _solved = false ; GameboardBorder.Background = _normalBrush ; _puzzle = _staticTileConfig ! = null ? Core.Puzzle.InitFromFlatConfig ( _staticTileConfig ) : Core.Puzzle.InitRandom ( BoardSize ) ; InitializeBoard ( _puzzle ) ; } void InitializeBoard ( Core.Puzzle puzzle ) { var dim = puzzle.Dim ; _tiles.Clear ( ) ; Gameboard.Children.Clear ( ) ; Gameboard.RowDefinitions.Clear ( ) ; Gameboard.ColumnDefinitions.Clear ( ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < dim ; i++ ) { Gameboard.ColumnDefinitions.Add ( new ColumnDefinition ( ) ) ; Gameboard.RowDefinitions.Add ( new RowDefinition ( ) ) ; } for ( var r = 0 ; r < dim ; r++ ) for ( var c = 0 ; c < dim ; c++ ) { var value = puzzle.GetTileAt ( r , c ) ; if ( value == dim * dim ) value = 0 ; var tile = CreateTile ( value ) ; Grid.SetRow ( tile , r ) ; Grid.SetColumn ( tile , c ) ; Gameboard.Children.Add ( tile ) ; int row = r ; int col = c ; tile.MouseLeftButtonDown += ( s , e ) = > OnTileClicked ( row , col ) ; var index = puzzle.Coord2Index ( r , c ) ; _tiles [ index ] = tile ; } if ( _solved ) GameboardBorder.Background = _winBrush ; } private FrameworkElement CreateTile ( int value ) { var view = new Viewbox { Margin = new Thickness ( 2 ) } ; if ( value > 0 ) { var frame = new Border { BorderBrush = _boarderBrush , Background = _normalBrush , BorderThickness = new Thickness ( 1 ) , Width = 20 , Height = 20 , } ; var text = new TextBlock { Text = value.ToString ( ) , HorizontalAlignment = HorizontalAlignment.Center , VerticalAlignment = VerticalAlignment.Center } ; view.Child = frame ; frame.Child = text ; } return view ; }
So it will first reset the game-state ( and Background ) and then create a new static or random puzzle based on the params on the ctor above .
The InitializeBoard method just creates the tiles ( using the CreateTile method ) and hooks the MouseLeftButtonDown-Event so we get notified if a tile was clicked . Notice that CreateTile will only create tiles for values greater zero and InitializeBoard will set the right value to zero .
Finally the OnTileClicked-handler , that will get called if a tile is clicked ) will just call the puzzles MoveTileAt-method , check if the puzzle is now solved and reinitialize the board with InitializeBoard :
private void OnTileClicked ( int row , int column ) { if ( _solved ) return ; _puzzle.MoveTileAt ( row , column ) ; _solved = _puzzle.IsSolved ; InitializeBoard ( _puzzle ) ; } private void OnResetGame ( object sender , RoutedEventArgs e ) { CreateGame ( ) ; }
That ' it – we are done .
I hope you enjoyed this series . Please fell free to write some comments , complaints or questions right below .
Thank you dear reader .
PS : you can grab the full source-code here – enjoy .
Bill Nye ( Screenshot )
In a video recently published by Big Think , Bill Nye “ The Science Guy ” said that some people favored religious beliefs over the theory of evolution because they could not accept the finality of death .
“ The problem is the same thing that allows us to recognize patterns to imagine shapes and things and routes and ways to get things done before we actually start doing those things — that ability also enables us to understand that despite our best efforts we 're all going to die , ” he said . “ And I think that makes all of us a little nutty . We all find it a little troubling . ”
“ And so because it seems incredible that all this stuff that we store in our brain , all the memories we have , all the mental images that we are able to keep , all the algebra that we learn , that all that goes away when we die is really hard for all of us to accept , ” Nye explained . “ And along with this is that we are not nature 's last word . We are not the final answer that nature came up with . That we are not what some entity created as his or her very best work . We 're just one more step on the evolutionary timeline . ”
“ And for many people that 's so troubling they ca n't accept it at all . For me , of course , it 's empowering and amazing and it makes me want to live every moment of every day in the best way possible . But for a lot of people it 's literally unimaginable . ”
Nye also addressed controversial comments he previously made about creationism . In a Big Think video published in 2012 , he said creationism was not appropriate for children because “ we need scientifically literate voters and taxpayers for the future… . we need engineers that can build stuff , solve problems . ”
After the video was published , “ people went a little crazy on the electric Internet , the computer machine that the kids use , ” Nye remarked .
“ My concern is not for the grownups who take the time to write these inflammatory things and react to your fabulous website and so on . My concern is for the people who are still in school , the people who are the future of the U.S. , the future of the U.S. economy . ”
Nye said that creationists like the group Answers in Genesis were more than happy to use modern technology , “ but apparently they do n't seem to appreciate the science that led to it all . ”
“ And what I find so troubling with the Answers in Genesis people is they have a very diligent or complete indoctrination program for young people . They have quizzes and workbooks and classroom curricula designed to indoctrinate young people in the extraordinary and obviously wrong idea that the earth is somehow 6,000 years old and there was a flood 4,000 years ago and somehow land plants survived and salt water and seawater mixed but there 's still freshwater fish and so on . All these bits of evidence in nature that point out how obviously wrong it is , they press on and they work very hard to indoctrinate young people . ”
Watch video below :
by Lyle Smith
SanDisk Ultra 3D SSD Review
The SanDisk Ultra 3D is a new client SSD similar to that of the WD Blue 3D . Because this drive is on the lower end of the performance scale , its main application will be general upgrades from an HDD-based system to solid-state technology for faster boot uptimes and speedier overall performance . It should also be noted that WD has the same drive under its own brand , so this is essentially an identical SSD with a different sticker slapped on it .
As its name indicates , SanDisk 's new SSD uses 3D NAND and nCache 2.0 . It also features shock and vibration resistance for increased reliability . The SanDisk Ultra 3D SSD is managed through the company 's Dashboard , which gives users real-time visibility into how the drive is performing as well as cloning software , tools for disk analysis , and alerts for firmware updates . SanDisk quotes the Ultra 3D with up to 560MB/s and 530MB/s in sequential read and write speeds respectively ( 550MB/s and 525MB/s for the 250GB model ) while random reads and writes throughput is expected to reach up to 95,000 IOPS and 84,000 IOPS , respectively .
Backed by a 3-year warranty , the SanDisk Ultra 3D comes in capacities of 250GB , 500GB , 1TB , and 2TB with prices ranging from as little as $ 99 to $ 550 . For our review we will be looking at the 1TB model .
SanDisk Ultra 3D Specifications
Interface : SATA Revision 3.0 ( 6Gb/s )
Available capacities : 250GB , 500GB , 1TB , 2TB
, 2TB Seq . Read ( up to ) : 550MB/s , 560MB/s , 560MB/s , 560MB/s
Seq . Write ( up to ) : 525MB/s ,530MB/s , 530MB/s , 530MB/s
Rnd . Read ( up to ) : 95K IOPS , 95K IOPS , 95K IOPS , 95K IOPS
Rnd . Write ( up to ) : 81K IOPS , 84K IOPS , 84K IOPS , 84K IOPS
TBW : 100 , 200 , 400 , 500
Dimensions : 2.75 x 3.96 x 0.28 in . ( 69.95 mm x 100.5 mm x 7.0 mm )
Operating temperature : 32ºF to 158ºF ( 0ºC to 70 ºC )
Shock Resistant up to 1500 G @ 0.5 m/sec
Vibration : 5 gRMS , 10-2000 HZ / 4.9 gRMS , 7-800 HZ
Warranty : Limited 3-year warranty
Design and build
The SanDisk Ultra 3D uses a 7mm form factor and is identical to other SanDisk SSDs with the exception of the model name , as the company has n't changed the look of their drives for several years . As such , it has the usual smooth and refined black metal enclosure with white , black and red color scheme . As we mentioned above , SanDisk 's aluminum case is designed to resist shocks and vibrations to preserve data integrity .
As it is identical to the WD Blue 3D SSD , we did not open up the case to see the inner workings that can be seen through that review .
Consumer Synthetic Benchmarks
All consumer SSD benchmarks are conducted using the StorageReview HP Z640 Workstation . We compared the SanDisk Ultra 3D SSD to the following drives :
All IOMeter figures are represented as binary figures for MB/s speeds .
In our 2MB sequential benchmark , the SanDisk Ultra 3D came in second spot in reads behind the ADATA SU900 with a score of 505.63MB/s . For write performance the drive fourth with 460.69MB/s .
In our random 2MB benchmark , the SanDisk drive came in second to last in read performance with 432.28MB/s . With writes , the drive placed sixth with a score of 454.95MB/s .
The purpose of our random 4k benchmark is to put more strain on the drives in terms of throughput . Under these conditions , the SanDisk placed right in the middle of the pack with a read performance of 32.84MB/s and 111.51MB/s write .
With the same test looking at IOPS , the SanDisk again placed in the middle with a read score of 8,406.19 IOPS and a White score of 28,546.03 IOPS .
In terms of our 4K write latency benchmark , the SanDisk had an average latency of 0.0349ms placing it sixth and a max latency of only 1.21ms placing it third .
For our next 4K test , we move to a workload with 100 % write activity , which scales from 1QD to 64QD . Here the SanDisk ran around the middle of the pack throughout peaking at about 74K IOPS .
In our 4k aligned write the SanDisk performed much better finishing third overall with a peak score of 95.6K IOPS .
Our final consumer-synthetic benchmarks compare the drives in a series of mixed-server workloads with a queue depth of 1 to 128 . Each server profile has a strong bias towards read activity , ranging from 67 % read with the database profile to 100 % read in the web server profile .
The database profile features a 67 % read and 33 % write workload , focusing on transfers around 8K in size . The SanDisk ran near the bottom of the pack though it did beat the WD Blue in performance . The SanDisk peaked at 33K IOPS .
Our next benchmark is the read-only web-server profile , which uses transfer sizes ranging from 512 bytes to 512KB . Here the SanDisk found itself in the middle of the pack with a peak score of 21K IOPS .
During the file-server profile , which has 80 % read and 20 % write workload spread out over multiple transfer sizes ranging from 512-bytes to 64KB , the SanDisk found itself hanging with a rough crowd of low performers . The drive came in third with a peak score of 28K IOPS .
The last profile looks at workstation activity , with a 20 % write and 80 % read mixture using 8K transfers . The SanDisk was nearly matching the poor performance of the WD Blue , though slightly worse with a peak score of 32K IOPS .
Consumer Real-World Benchmarks
While the results of synthetic benchmarks are important in identifying the key strengths and weaknesses of a drive , performance in these tests does not always translate directly into real-world situations . To get a better idea how the SanDisk Ultra 3D drive will handle itself in the field , we will chart StorageMark 2010 HTPC , Productivity , and Gaming traces against comparable drives . Higher IOPS and MB/s rates with lower latency times are preferred .
The first trace is based on use as a Home Theater PC ( HTPC ) . The test includes playing one 720P HD movie in Media Player Classic , one 480P SD movie playing in VLC , three movies downloading simultaneously through iTunes , and one 1080i HDTV stream being recorded through Windows Media Center over a 15-minute period .
In our HTPC profile , the SanDisk performed in the upper end of the pack with scores of 7,739 IOPS , 353.31MB/s , and an average latency of 1.004ms . This is a fairly big improvement over the WD Blue .
The next trace simulates disk activity in an office workstation or productivity scenario . This test includes three hours of operation in an office productivity environment with 32-bit Windows Vista running Outlook 2007 connected to an Exchange server , web browsing using Chrome and IE8 , editing files within Office 2007 , viewing PDFs in Adobe Reader , an hour of local music playback , and two hours of streaming music via Pandora .
In the productivity trace , the SanDisk Ultra found itself in the middle of the pack with scores of 7,320 IOPS , 216.82MB/s , and an average latency of 1.059ms . Again improving upon the WD Blue .
The final consumer real-life benchmark simulates disk activity during gaming . This simulation taxes the drive 's read performance , with 6 % write operations and 94 % read operations . The test consists of a Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit system pre-configured with Steam , with Grand Theft Auto 4 , Left 4 Dead 2 , and Mass Effect 2 already downloaded and installed . The trace captures the heavy read activity of each game loading from the start , as well as textures as the game progresses .
In our gaming benchmark , the SanDisk found itself near the bottom once more with scores of 8,020 IOPS , 431.65MB/s , and an average latency of 0.966ms .
Conclusion
The SanDisk Ultra 3D is a client SSD that leverages 3D NAND that is being marketed as an HDD replacement . As with most SSDs , users will see an improvement in performance , boot time , endurance , and a reduction in latency swapping out their HDD for flash . The drive comes in 250GB , 500GB , 1TB , and 2TB capacities . It will also come with shock and vibration resistance and SanDisk software like SSD Dashboard . The drive is more or less identical SanDisk version of the WD Blue 3D SSD leveraging the same NAND in a branded model .
Looking at performance the drive is more or less average to below average . The drive started off with fairly strong 2MB sequential performance ( 505.63MB/s read and 460.69MB/s write ) . In our first set of 4k benchmarks the drive found itself in the middle of the pack with one shining moment of decent max latency of 1.21ms . Aligned write give an average performance while the drive placed in the top three for aligned read . In our mixed workload benchmarks the SanDisk Ultra had one good placement ( in the middle ) in read-centric web-server and fell in the bottom of the pack with the other three with a heavier write focus . In our consumer real-world benchmarks the SanDisk had a decent HTPC score , medium productivity score , and a bottom of the pack gaming score .
Pros
Improves its performance over the WD Blue non-3D NAND model it replaces
2TB model aligns with other ind ustry leading capacity offers
Cons
Less than impressive benchmark numbers
Lower 3-year warranty versus others at 5-years
The Bottom Line
The SanDisk Ultra 3D SSD is an improvement over the WD Blue and will work as an HDD replacement at an attractive price point .
SanDisk Ultra 3D on Amazon
Discuss This Review
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
MUMBAI : On the academic floor , the MBA programme was once supreme . Arrogantly and unambiguously , it became the definitive must-have , attracting not only those interested in business but also those who wanted to master the tools of management.The last few years , though , have proved to be rough for the B-school grad . Data from across the country shows that the payoff of this course has not been promising . Almost one of two MBA graduates is not placed and unemployment is rising.Picture this : The class of 2016 saw 75,658 students get jobs on campus . There is no clarity on what happened to the equally large number of those who signed up for the course in 3,080 colleges spread across India . “ You see some students who do not get placed take up small jobs ; some others get placed in some company one or two years after graduating . Now , with mandatory internships , we feel the situation will improve as the students will get some kind of training while studying , ” said Anil Sahasrabudhe , chairman of the India Council of Technical Education.While the IIMs see 100 % placement , graduates from Tier-B schools do n't quite make the mark , say recruiters . To make matters worse , many of those who do n't get into the top schools do n't settle for a second-rung college either . The fallout of the drop in admissions has seen the closure of 233 B-schools which no longer saw business sense in offering an MBA course . Last year , an ASSOCHAM study concluded that only 7 % of MBA graduates from Indian business schools , excluding those from the top 20 colleges , get a job straight after completing their course. “ Lack of quality control and infrastructure , low-paying jobs through campus placement and poor faculty are the major reasons for India 's unfolding B-school disaster . The need to update and re-train faculty in emerging global business perspectives is practically absent in many B-schools , often making the course content redundant , ” the study went on to note.Little wonder then that the AICTE has recommended that the curricula be revised every year , three internships be made mandatory , students be put through courses in technical and soft skills , startups be encouraged , exam systems be reformed and teachers be trained regularly .
A busy northeast restaurant is turning away customers after it was shut down last week because of health violations .
The Apna Punjab Sweet & Samosa Factory , located at 5150 47 Street N.E. , was closed after Alberta Health Services officials found a number of issues in the kitchen .
A seven page notice outlines the problems and AHS says the restaurant was infested with mice and that droppings were found in food preparation and storage areas .
A dead mouse was also discovered where food is stored and inspectors said that food equipment was contaminated with grime and old food debris .
This is just one of a few restaurants that have been forced to close recently and AHS says these type of infractions are concerning .
Inspectors routinely look for infestations , which do happen occasionally .
“ Our public health inspectors work with operators to make sure all our food establishments are safe . We do find conditions that result in infractions such as infestations and when that happens our operators make sure they can work with the operators to resolve those situations , ” said Dr. Jason Cabaj , Medical Officer of Health , AHS Calgary zone .
Inspections are conducted at least once a year but can be done quarterly and restaurants are checked based on their record and style of dining . Additional inspections can be ordered if there are concerns .
“ Alberta Health Services has a compliment of inspectors that works to assess the risk associated with all our food safety issues and restaurants operating in Calgary , ” said Cabaj . “ We 're adequately staffed to inspect both routinely and then on , in terms of any complaints or demands , for additional inspections .
In 2016 , AHS issued 37 closure orders for violations of the Public Health Act Food Regulation that posed a risk to public health .
To view current closures on the restaurant inspection page click HERE .
( With files from Ina Sidhu )
These chemical cocktails are trade secrets , so it can be hard for scientists to gauge risk .
Over 100 billion gallons—that 's how much fluid fracking wells inject into the U.S. each year . The high-pressure slurry cracks underlying shale , releasing oil and natural gas trapped inside . But fracking 's rise raises questions about water pollution . Although scientists have linked individual cases of contamination to fracking , a 2016 EPA report on its safety was inconclusive . Companies do n't have to disclose what is actually in the slurry . Like Coca-Cola 's formula , these chemical cocktails are trade secrets , so it can be hard for scientists to gauge risk . Here are some components , from run-of-the-mill to rare , squeezed out of cagey corporations .
Methanol
An alcohol often found in antifreeze that serves to winterize fracking fluid . If you drink it , you could go blind—or die .
2-Butoxyethanol
This solvent keeps the slurry stable at high temperatures . But do n't inhale : It can damage your lungs and red blood cells .
Sodium chloride
Aka : table salt . It stabilizes fracking fluids . Even small amounts seeping into rivers and lakes can kill freshwater fish .
Walnut hulls
Fracking fluid is n't all bad . Gritty shells show promise as a fracking proppant— they prop open fractures made in the shale .
Urea
The urine component undergoes a reaction that makes ammonia , using up water in the process . This means less waste left behind .
Diesel
It makes the fluid slick , lowering its friction . But its cancer-causing components might ­contaminate groundwater .
The issue of the relatively low level of fighter pay has been getting more and more attention recently . Former Welterweight challenger Jon Fitch had a public back-and-forth with UFC president Dana White regarding his compensation while with the promotion . Then , Middleweight Tim Kennedy compared his salary as a mixed martial artist with that of an average garbage man . Kennedy softened his stance shortly thereafter , but the message was still sent .
Now , Heavyweight Mark Hunt weighs in on the issue . Monday night , he posted a link to MMA Manifesto 's UFC Career Fighter Earningss on his Facebook account with the comment `` really '' . Hunt followed up , saying :
well i do n't now bout where they got there figures from but it must be true lol this is really crap man i need a pay rise ( sic ) how can some of these other gooons ( sic ) get more than me hahahahai been cheated again , why anyone would want to be a ufc fighter if this is how much we get paid .
Check out images of Hunt 's comments here and here .
There are a few interesting points to Hunt 's statements here . First , Manifesto has an odd way of collecting numbers . While some athletic commission report fighter earnings after each event , many others do n't . So , Manifesto uses the last known numbers to report salaries for events under the authority of commissions ( and the UFC ) where earnings are not reported . Second , shortly after voicing complaints against the UFC following his signature win over Stefan Struve , Hunt said he was `` now happy '' with the promotion . Following his latest fight at UFC 160 , it was revealed he picked up $ 160K , putting him amongst the highest paid fighters in the organization . Finally , Hunt seems to have tried to hide his thoughts behind sarcasm , though the sentiment seems clear .
As one of the higher paid competitors in the promotion , Hunt 's thoughts should hold more weight than those of Fitch and other fighters that have been released . Even considering that Manifesto 's numbers may not be 100 % accurate , Hunt 's statements reinforce the the idea the the UFC 's payscale is lacking at best . While Dana White may try to dismiss the complaints and misdirect attention , when the suspected percentage of UFC revenue to fighter pay is less than 10 % , this issue will remain a hot topic of criticism .
HT : Thanks to BE member Nolan Howel for the screencaps of Hunt 's statements .
So for quite some time , especially recently with rumors of CoH3 in the works , I 've seen fans of the CoH games on forum threads , Reddit , and a rather new comparison video that expressed how CoH1 's soundtrack was superior and more memorable to its sequel . Hell , I was one of them .
That was until I gave the CoH2 soundtrack another listen on their own and not only do I think it deserves more love but I think I overall prefer it .
The Eastern Front tracks with the choir are just haunting and empowering and it really creates this sense of war of survival/annihilation , which really captures the historical spirit of the Great Patriotic War .
The Western Front soundtrack has this very forlorn and desperate tone to it , with hints of heroism here against overwhelming odds ( especially fitting from the American faction 's perspective ) .
Now the British feel quite different from the others . It sounds decisive , calculated , and with class . Plus it 's nice to hear Velasco bring back the choir one last time for the full game 's soundtrack .
That 's not to say CoH1 OST is bad . I quite like it still . I think where CoH1 does outshine CoH2 is in the quieter ambient tracks ( which is where people like Jeremy Soule excel in ) . CoH2 's ambient tracks are a bit muted and blend in more with the atmosphere so it does sound less pronounced .
But I feel CoH2 outdoes CoH1 in the combat tracks department and that 's where Velasco excels in . I mean , he 's done God of War and Mass Effect 3 and he just comes swinging when the words ‘ combat ' and ‘ epic ' come to mind .
So , thank you , Mr. Velasco , hope to see your works continue to inspire and instill dread on a grandiose scale in the future .
Guest post by Hadassah Levy
Hadassah Levy is a principal at i-Point Media Group , where she specializes in social media , content writing and SEO .
The very title of William Kolbrener 's Open Minded Torah expresses a paradox that demands examination . As the name implies , the book supports an open-minded approach to Judaism , in which a variety of opinions ( although not all ) are considered legitimate . This represents the polar opposite of ultra-Orthodox ( Haredi ) ideology .
Indeed , Kolbrener appears to be directly critiquing Haredi society . He rails against its narrow-mindedness , exclusivity , feelings of superiority , superficiality and intolerance . He criticizes simplistic readings of Judaism , reliance on segulahs , kabbalah and the belief that the faithful are rewarded in this world . There is also implicit criticism of those who choose to learn in kollel instead of interacting with the world .
On the other hand , the author tells us that he commemorates Israel Memorial Day and celebrates Israel Independence Day . He is a poster boy for advanced secular education , stringing together Talmudic sources with literature , philosophy and Christianity . His only real complaint about the Dati Leumi ( national religious , or Israeli Modern Orthodox ) society , is its exaggerated messianism .
Interestingly , it appears that Kolbrener is a member of the society which he treats harshly in the book . He mentions sending his children to heder , a clear sign that he is ( or was , at least , at the time of writing ) raising his family in the Haredi lifestyle .
One wonders , without knowing anything about Kolbrener 's life beyond what he reveals in the book , why someone like him has chosen this lifestyle ? There are of course other people who seem to support national religious ideology , while living a Haredi lifestyle – at least outwardly . They send their children to schools where advanced secular education is discouraged and the skills necessary to achieve it are not taught . These schools also discourage full participation as citizens of the State of Israel . Why are people choosing this lifestyle ?
One conclusion is that there are attractions in the Haredi world that overshadow issues of education and statehood . Haredi society is perceived by many to contain more spirituality and more religious sincerity than the national religious camp . Values such as hesed appear to be stronger in this society , making the community more attractive . Additionally , there is something “ easy ” about being Haredi . Not as many decisions are required from an individual and even these can be avoided by deferring to the authority of a rabbi .
Another possibility is that people find themselves in Haredi society by accident . Many baalei teshuvah were encouraged to join the ultra-Orthodox camp by the rabbis and teachers who taught them about religion and belong themselves to the Haredi world . In fact , until recently , other streams of Orthodoxy did not engage in kiruv in Israel at all , leaving the field wide open for the Haredim . Baalei teshuvah may easily misunderstand what Haredi society stands for and join it without serious research .
Anglo-Saxons are particularly vulnerable to misunderstanding this society , because the Israeli Haredi society is so different from ultra-Orthodoxy in their country of origin . In the United States , most Haredim participate in the workforce and are much more open-minded than their Israeli counterparts .
It is also possible that because Haredi society has become more extreme in some ways in recent years , people who joined it a few decades ago may now find that it no longer fits their ideology . This extremism has forced some of its members to become disenchanted and express their disillusion through defection or quiet disobedience . Entire factions of Israeli Haredim are looking to serve in the army and join the workforce , leaving yeshiva behind . Haredi women , called upon to support their husbands , are increasingly broadening their career options beyond teaching school . Recent pictures of the Memorial Day ceremony at the Kotel showed many men in black hats as active participants .
In fact , it may very well be that these people , with one foot in ultra-Orthodoxy and the other in plain old Orthodoxy , will serve as a bridge between the societies , allowing each one to broaden its perception of Judaism . They combine spirituality , seriousness and kindness with an appreciation for the values of Israeli citizenship , broader education and the ability to learn from those who are different . Less extremism and more tolerance can only bring value to the State of Israel .
Speaking at the Pentagon Secretary of Defense Robert Gates lauded the UN sanctions against Iran , saying they had been “ more effective and more severe ” than anyone had expected .
Exactly how this is the case is unclear , as Secretary Gates ' only specific comments were that the sanctions “ provided a legal platform ” for even harsher sanctions in the future . Yet this is hardly a surprise . What then did the sanctions really accomplish ?
Seemingly very little . It appears to have done damage to Iran 's civilian economy , weakened the opposition , and given well connected firms within Iran a number of new business opportunities in circumventing the sanctions .
As for the stated goals of the sanctions , which were to get Iran to abandon its civilian uranium enrichment program , exactly nothing has happened in this regard . Iran continues to rule out doing so , and despite the ever more outlandish threats it seems this program is going on relatively unfettered , and with the legal oversight of the IAEA , who continues to verify the non-diversion of materials for any non-civilian purpose .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Now this is the kind of `` water reservoir '' I 'm talking about . The ultimate in hiking hydration , or portable happy hour , the ManCan is a personal keg system complete with a stainless steel keg , 2-stage Regulator System , Flex Hose Tap , and whichever cold , fresh beer you want to fill it with .
ManCans come in 128- and 64-ounce vessels mancan.beer ( can I make a web address that 's feed.me.beer ? ) says are indestructible , and can be packed , or packmuled to take anywhere . The company sells 2 primary kits , the ManCan 128 Flex Kit and the ManCan 128 Machismo Kit .
Flex Kits include the gallon-strong ManCan , plus its attachable pour-anywhere tap and flexible hose for flexible serving -- over the shoulder , under the arm , or just right out of the fridge . The kit also comes with a stainless steel no-leak cap , 2 x CO2 cartridges , and cleaning tablets .
Machismo Kits increase the ManCan quality to 304 stainless steel , and add a professional-grade tap .
Top Gear 's Jeremy Clarkson 's providing further confirmation today to our report , first seen here , that the Stig 's none other than former F1 racer Michael Schumacher , confirming Stiggie will be unmasked on tomorrow night 's episode of BBC 's epic motoring show .
According to Top Gear 's own blog , Clarkson boasts tomorrow night 's episode is `` going to be the best thing that 's ever been on television ever . '' Clarkson then reportedly paused for a brief moment before completing his sentence with `` ... in the world . '' Clarkson goes on to say
`` the Stig barges into the studio and in an atmosphere you could cut with a knife , removes his helmet ... as a television moment , it 's up there with Neil Armstrong walking on… the corpse of JR Ewing . ''
While Clarkson goes no further in providing details to the identity of the show 's tame race driver , it 's more evidence we 'll see the Italian Stallion-driving German underneath Stig 's white helmet when we eventually see the show pour down upon us like a torrent of rain .
Advertisement
Additionally , Top Gear 's site 's spilled the beans on a few more details from tomorrow night 's show in an exclusive photo gallery — including a first drive of the Lotus Evora and a train vs. bike vs. Jaguak XK120 race . We ca n't wait for tomorrow night — be here with us as we 'll have first-hand reports as soon as the show finishes airing — as well as , perhaps , some super-secret video . We already know it 's going to be simply magical .
Photo Credit : Hannah Johnston / Getty Images Entertainment
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have a lot of needs and not a ton of draft picks , as the 2015 NFL draft gets started . Usually , that 's a recipe for a trade down to add more players . There 's some buzz about the Bucs potentially trading down from the top overall pick , but that would take
And now it seems that the Bucs are more likely to trade up from the number two pick than to trade down .
Peter King reports today that teams are looking to trade up into the late first round to target Pitt tackle T.J. Clemmings , noting that the Buccaneers are a team likely to do so . An earlier report suggested the Bucs would be interested in trading up for Miami tackle Ereck Flowers , but most of the recent media buzz is that he wo n't be there .
A trade up would make sense even with the Bucs ' many needs , simply because their bungling of free agency has left them with massive holes at both right guard and offensive tackle . They need to find at least one player who can start immediately in this draft , and the top of the second round may be too late to do so . Clemmings could probably step right in at either right tackle or right guard , which would solve at least one of the Bucs ' problems immediately . And there 's a chance that he could develop into a left tackle eventually , too .
If you want to know what kind of player Clemmings is , all you need to do is read Stephen White 's extensive breakdown right here . In one word : nasty .
POLICE in Belgium have issued an international arrest warrant for Mohamed Abrini , 30 , who was seen in a car with Salah Abdeslam , the alleged leader of the November 13 Paris attacks .
Abrini has been called ‘ dangerous and probably armed ' by authorities and he is thought to be in Belgium .
According to prosecutors , he was filmed in a Renault Clio with Abdeslam at a petrol station on the way to Paris two days before the attacks .
Two suspects already facing charges in the country are Mohammed Amri and Hamza Attou who have admitted to driving from Brussels to Paris to pick up Abdeslam after Abdeslam´s brother blew himself up in Paris . The two say they were not aware of Abdeslam´s activities in France .
Belgian prosecutors have also taken two other suspects into custody who are under suspicion of ‘ participating in the activities of a terrorist group ' and ‘ acts of terrorist murder , ' according to the statement .
One is a French citizen named as Ali O , 31 , a resident in Molenbeek in Brussels and the other , Lazez A , 39 , was living in western Brussels and both will appear in court later this week .
On Tuesday a fifth suspect , as of yet unidentified , was also charged .
© Youtube – BNO News
Recently a colleague returned from a trip to Latvia and remarked on how beautiful the women were . A discussion ensued at which it was agreed that women in a number of other countries were also very beautiful but markedly less outgoing than the Latvians . As you may recall , beautiful Latvian women like to parade their beauty . My colleague further informed us that the latter event was not unique , having witnessed something similar himself .
Is my colleague 's observation a mere statement of prurient preference ? Does this kind of thing belong in a family blog ? Do n't worry , at Marginal Revolution we never serve our prurience without a little theory .
Sociosexuality is a concept in social psychology that refers to how favorable people are to sex outside of commitment . It can be measured by answers to questions such as `` I can
imagine myself being comfortable and enjoying `` casual '' sex with
different partners '' ( agree strongly to disagree strongly ) or `` Sex without love is ok , '' as well as with objective measures such as the number of sexual partners a person has had . A low score indicates subjects who favor monogamous , long-term , high-investment relationships . A high score indicates subjects more favorable to sex for pleasure 's sake alone . with less regard to commitment . On average , males have higher sociosexuality scores than females but sociosexuality scores for females vary widely across countries .
Why might female sociosexuality scores vary ? One hypothesis is that in cultures with low operational sex ratios ( the number of marriageable men/number of marriageable women ) female sociosexuality will be higher . The argument is that when the relative supply of males is low , competition for mates encourages females to shift towards the male ideal , i.e . when supply is scarce the demanders must pay more . ( Note that this theory can also explain trends over time , e.g . Pedersen 1991 ) .
Ok , where does this get us ? Well in Sociosexuality from Argentina to Zimbabwe , Schmitt ( 2005 ) surveyed some 14,000 people on sociosexuality and he correlated female sociosexuality with the operational sex ratio . Here are the results :
Notice that Latvia has one of the highest rates of female sociosexuality in the 48 nations surveyed and the lowest sex ratio .
Thus , the theory is that Latvian women appeal more strongly to the male ideal because the number of marriageable men in Latvia is low relative to the number of women . Is it any wonder that my colleague found the Latvian women beautiful ?
BUFFALO , N.Y. – His goals have been scored with quality , dazzling displays made to be played on loop .
His points have come in quantity , with six in three games tying him for top spot with Swedish teammate Rasmus Dahlin and American Casey Mittelstadt .
Yet , Elias Pettersson is n't satisfied with his performance at the world junior championship so far .
“ I 'm happy with my points , but I think I need to play better and create more chances on five-on-five , ” he said .
“ I always have high expectations of me . On the power play , we 're playing really well . I feel I 'm not – me and our line – creating chances as I want on five-on-five . ”
The Next Ones Join Jeff Marek and Sam Cosentino for all the CHL and NHL prospect talk you can handle .
Expectations of the Vancouver Canucks 2017 fifth-overall pick were sky high coming into the world juniors . Some of that was self inflicted . He told Sportsnet 650 in an interview before the tournament that he wanted to “ dominate every game . ”
Despite the offensive output , he has n't gotten to that point through three games – all Sweden victories .
“ That 's what I want to do . I 'm not saying that I 'm going to do that every game , ” the six-foot-one , 165-pound winger said . “ That 's what I want to do . But not yet . ”
“ I think he started off OK , ” Swedish coach Tomas Monten added . “ He feels a lot of excitement coming here . Maybe some pressure as well . I think he 's a player that can do that . He also can create space for his linemates . ”
For all the so-so reviews of his play , Pettersson took over in the third period of Sweden 's 7-2 win over Switzerland on Saturday .
With one assist under his belt already , Pettersson took a pass from linemate Alexander Nylander and tried to feed captain Lias Andersson to complete what would have been a fancy tap-in goal . Instead , the puck went off Swiss defenceman Tim Berni and in .
Pettersson 's second goal was a thing of beauty . It was an incredible individual effort , a power move from the blue line in , as he left Swiss defenceman Simon le Coultre and goaltender Matteo Ritz in his wake . It was also arguably the nicest goal of the tournament . He describes it this way :
“ I got a pass from Lias . First , I thought I was going to take a shot , but I saw the defender react to that . I fake him out and stickhandle [ and make ] my go-to move on the goalie . ”
Neither he nor Nylander said they were the least bit surprised by the outcome . Nylander called the goal “ unreal . ”
Count Andersson , who replaced Linus Lindstrom as the wingers ' centreman for the third , among that group .
“ He can do that . That 's Elias ' goal , ” Andersson said . “ We 've seen him do that in practice a couple times . He 's a skilled guy . I 'm not surprised at all . ”
It was the second goal of the tournament that showcased Pettersson 's skill .
The goal he netted Thursday against the Czech Republic on a Swedish power play was a perfectly-placed wrister just below the crossbar .
Add his world junior play to what he 's produced in the Swedish Hockey League for the Vaxjo Lakers and the Canucks and their fans have a lot to be excited about .
Pettersson was leading the SHL in scoring before leaving for the world juniors , a rare feat for a 19-year-old player . In his absence he 's dropped to third with 35 points , but he 's played five fewer games than the other four players in the top five .
Although he is n't sure if he 'll join the Canucks next season , he 's well versed in what 's going on around the team . He reviews team statistics and watches as many of the team 's Eastern time zone games as he can .
He also pays attention to the hype surrounding him .
“ I read sometimes , when I have nothing to do , on Twitter , ” Pettersson said . “ It 's a lot of fun that they 're very excited for me . That boosts my confidence to train even harder . ”
But in Buffalo he has n't met his expectations . Monten believes recording one assist in six games at the 2017 event left him wanting more .
“ He had a tough tournament last year . He used that as an experience , ” Monten said . “ He wants to show that was just a one-time thing .
“ Of course , he had a really good season so far at home . If you 're an offensive player you want to stay on the hot streak . I ca n't blame him [ for feeling that way ] . ”
If there 's a time for Pettersson to play up to his standards , it 's now . Sweden 's victory over Switzerland was its 43rd consecutive in group play at the tournament , a streak now in its 11th year . However , the Swedes have just one gold medal – in 2012 – to show for it .
Russia is next on the schedule on Sunday . Working more of his magic at even strength will go a long way if Sweden is to win gold .
“ We won three straight games now . We need to work out some small details in our game , ” Pettersson said .
Watch carefully . John Pilchard dives head first into Cronenberg 's Videodrome .
It 's hard to unpack concepts and underlying themes within a movie when the concepts and underlying themes are the movie . Videodrome is one of the most iconic examples , and Videdrome will be unpacked , albeit poorly and incomprehensibly , below .
Videodrome is the 1983 classic directed by body-horror master , David Cronenberg . The themes within the movie are pretty blatant : mass media and its manipulation over the psyche , or what effects do mass media have over the mind ? It 's what Videodrome is really about during the first viewing . These themes are the face value . Some would say it does n't warrant a re-watch . But this film was made in 1983 and some concepts have come to fruition over the years .
Netflix Is Not A Choice
VHS debuted in the late 1970s , and in 1985 , Blockbuster Video revolutionized the home viewing experience . There was a tiny window of time when collectors of VHS and Betamax were known as videophiles . Hiding away in basements , collecting obscure tapes from other countries , still thinking Andy Warhol had talent . In that window of time , Videodrome came out and told the world that what you view could be detrimental to your mental state .
Now that video was creeping into the home in more ways than one , the viewer had to be aware of what he or she was watching . Looking back , watching a VHS tape was hard work , and the setup was cumbersome , but it expanded the viewing experience of the time .
That was over 30 years ago . The viewing experience has changed drastically since then . The videophiles have evolved into streamers , and the video-on-demand market has exploded . In Videodrome , the channel Civic TV , “ The one you take to bed with you ” was just a satirical idea within a movie . But now it 's a complete and total reality . That reality is Netflix . It sits at the end of your bed , in your pocket , and right there with you at work . It 's everywhere you may need it to be . According to Forbes , in December 2016 , Netflix reported over 94 million subscribers internationally . Those staggering numbers will continue to grow as Netflix creates more original content .
Videodrome was concerned with the North American viewers , but Netflix wants much more .
Sure , easy access to your favorite content may not sound like an issue , and right now , it might not be . But over time , the way in which content is delivered to you will change again , and then you will stop noticing .
There are no longer commercials , but product placement continues to grow through streaming services in original series .
Away With The Stars
The thumb up , thumb down rating system is a bigger issue than people let on . A few months ago Netflix removed the star rating system and opted for a thumb up , or a thumb down user rating feature . Slowly , your decision making process is being worn away . There is no longer a need for that sense of reasoning to watch a movie with three and half , or four stars . It 's 50/50 now , you will watch , or you wo n't . The Netflix-Videodrome effect will start ; eventually you will have no choice in the matter . Whatever algorithm Netflix uses to suggest movies and TV for you will evolve . It 's within the grand scheme of possibilities that one day you will turn in Netflix and something will just automatically play , because it 's what Netflix thinks you should be watching .
This was scary when Videodrome came out in 1983 . Then pundits began to spin the narrative about how harmful rapid consumption of mass media really is . But then in the 1990s video games took the blame and distracted people from television and movies , after that there was a shortage of pundit rebuttal . Since the advent and evolution of streaming services , and their accessibility from everywhere and from almost anything , it might be time for a reviewing if Videodrome . Like the gun fused to Max Renn 's hand , and his VHS tape stomach , technology and mass media just become another extension of our own body . Consume , alter , then act .
The Sunday Girl In Red
For a brief moment the viewer is treated to Debbie Harry playing sadomasochist Nicki Brand . Her and Max 's relationship is cut short when she finds out about Videodrome , and decides to visit Pittsburgh to try it out for herself , against Max 's word of warning .
The world of Videodrome is consistently gray or grayish to reflect the bleak world the characters inhabit . “ Television is the retina of the minds eye. ” If you have television , why bother looking outside ? The new world is right there in front of you . The predominantly black and gray color pallet is only interrupted by the bright red Videodrome set , and the aesthetic of Nicki Brand .
When the viewer is first introduced to the character Nicki Brand , they first notice her red dress accompanied by her red lipstick , red hair , and the occasional use of a red telephone . The use of red in film to indicate violence and passion is nothing new . But all of the attributes and meanings of the color red can be applied to Nicki Brand . She is power , passion , anger , strength , heat and ferocity all rolled into one . She is the catalyst for Max 's downfall , and inevitable suicide at the end of the film .
Death To Videodrome
Videodrome says what it needs to say . It will always be a fun , albeit incredibly weird ride , and window to 1980s horror . It 's the perfect movie to remind you that you wish you were watching the Fly . The ideas within Videodrome will continue to be explored and extrapolated over time , inevitably lagging behind the technology satirized within the visual medium in which it 's portrayed . Betamax ?
Watching Videodrome is kind of like your nagging mother during summer break , urging you to get up , and get outside to enjoy the beautiful weather while you can . Videodrome is also the skin cancer that follows once you 're outside . It 's also the vegetative mental state if you were to stay in and watch television all summers day . You decide .
Long live the new flesh , whatever it may become .
new survey has revealed that 48 per cent of Christians who have watched the BBC 's gritty sitcom Rev . would be happy to go Rev Adam Smallbone 's church . The survey , carried out for the upcoming Christian Resources Exhibition , showed that a whopping 70 per cent of Christians have been glued to the screen to follow the ups and ( mostly ) downs of Adam and his congregation in an inner-city parish . As series 3 draws to a close , Penny Kiley reflects on why , despite its downbeat themes , Rev . has so many believers .
IT COMES WITH a warning : `` Contains strong language '' . And , on one occasion , a further announcement that the episode could be upsetting . Not your average vicar sitcom , then .
During series 3 of Rev. , I started wondering whether it 's actually a sitcom at all . It 's become comedy drama , and with some dark moments too  not just the `` child porn '' theme that brought that particular warning but the inner life of the main character . Doubt , conflict , sexual guilt : it 's all there . That 's more real than most TV vicars . And the church shown here , struggling with dwindling numbers and dwindling funds , and outdone on both counts by the evangelicals and the Muslims , feels more real than in most TV sitcoms too .
Maybe it 's because I 'm not an Anglican that I 'm not offended by this . Or maybe it 's because Rev . is , as the Archbishop puts it , `` great viewing '' . I love Rev . for its drama , its comedy , its storytelling , and its heart .
It 's more like The Office than Father Ted , except that the key question is n't `` Will Tim get the girl ' '' but `` Will Adam get his prayers answered ? ''
`` I wish they would n't keep treating the church like a business ' '' mutters Adam , over and over . But the church here comes across like any corporation , from the motivational speakers to the money men ( or in this case , women ) . There 's the same office politics , and the same people : the ambitious , the incompetent , and the sincere .
The endearing thing about Rev Adam Smallbone is that he 's always sincere . He 's sincere when he 's angry ( even when he 's wrong ) ; he 's sincere when he 's trying to be nice ; he 's sincere when he says that he sees God everywhere ; he 's sincere when he 's praying . And he does what we 're all told to and `` prays continually '' . Out loud . In a sitcom . How 's that for witness , Mr `` he 's not scriptural enough '' ?
I was surprised to find that some churchgoers disagree with the Archbishop about the series ( even the ones who 've never watched it ) . To me , Rev . seems audaciously pro-Christian . And not in the David Cameron way either . Despite this , everyone I know likes it . My friends-and-family straw poll ( an Anglican , an agnostic and an atheist ) all say it 's one of their favourite programmes . `` Human and funny '' , says one .
It is often very funny , but it 's the humanity at the heart of the programme that makes it special . Rev . is classic character comedy , expertly done . Adam and his wife Alex feel like real people : flawed , vulnerable , complex . They even have a sex life ( well , sometimes ) . Tom Hollander and Olivia Colman are talented , subtle actors and make these characters human .
The supporting cast ( mostly ) feel real too . Maybe Simon McBurney 's supremely arch archdeacon is n't as subtle , but the character has depth too and has grown during the three series ( as well as being scene-stealingly funny ) . Perhaps the only weak point is that the two black characters ( Mick and Adoha ) seem a bit one-dimensional , as do the two bureaucratic newcomers ( Jill and Geri ) . The others  Ellie , Colin , Nigel and the various `` guest '' characters  are completely believable .
As is God , here , too . At the centre of the show is faith . And hope  lots of hope , because to have `` com '' in this `` sit '' you 'd need it . And , yes , love too .
There are some transcendent moments . Everyone loves the 2011 Christmas special ( I get it out on Christmas Eve every year ) , with its final `` last supper '' tableau . But one of my favourite moments is somewhere in series 2 .
I have n't seen it for a while , so the backstory is vague , but I remember it includes the archdeacon 's attempt to become a bishop , scuppered by uncharacteristic honesty after coming out in the job interview . At the end of the episode , you watch several individuals enter the church , each nursing a broken dream . One by one , they walk into the church and sit down . Solace ? A last resort ? We do n't know : the episode ends there . It 's a beautiful moment .
That was my favourite scene , until this year 's Easter special . No spoilers , in case some of you have n't watched it yet , but it 's the most audacious of all . It feels pretty daring to write a sitcom episode as a Passion Play . And it comes with a real mountain-top ( well , grotty East London hilltop ) experience .
It got people talking . ( `` Was that really Liam Neeson ... '' ) Talking about God . At Easter . And without being part of the God slot . No , not your average vicar sitcom . Hallelujah .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Oct. 7 , 2014 , 6:12 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 7 , 2014 , 6:15 PM GMT / Source : Associated Press
Madrid 's regional government said it would kill the pet dog of a Spanish nursing assistant who became infected with Ebola — overcoming the family 's objections on Tuesday with a court order .
The nursing assistant was the first person infected outside of West Africa , after caring for a Spanish priest who died of Ebola last month . Authorities have three people under quarantine and said that available scientific knowledge indicates there 's a risk the dog could transmit the deadly virus to humans .
There has been some evidence that dogs can get Ebola , and that people can be infected by animals . In Africa , the virus has been thought to spread as a result of handling bushmeat — wild animals hunted for food — and through contact with infected bats .
`` There is one article in the medical literature that discusses the presence of antibodies to Ebola in dogs . Whether that was an accurate test and whether that was relevant we do not know , ” CDC Director Tom Frieden said at a news conference Tuesday .
`` We have not identified this as a means of transmission , '' Frieden added , although scientists do know that Ebola can infect mammals and the virus can spread that way .
Dr. David Lakey , Commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services , said he had no knowledge of any animals exposed in Dallas .
The Spanish mixed-breed dog , Excalibur , will be euthanized in a way to avoid suffering and its body incinerated , the government said . The nursing aid 's husband , who is also under quarantine , posted the dog 's photo on Facebook and denounced the move .
`` I think it 's unfair that for a mistake they made they now want to solve it this way , '' he wrote . `` If they are so worried with this issue I think we can find another type of alternative solution , such as quarantining the dog and put him under observation like they did with me . Or should they sacrifice me as well just in case ? ''
A Change.org petition is asking the government to let the dog live .
How the Brain Forms Categories
Neurobiologists at the Research Institute of Molecular Pathology ( IMP ) in Vienna investigated how the brain is able to group external stimuli into stable categories . They found the answer in the discrete dynamics of neuronal circuits . The journal Neuron publishes the results in its current issue .
How do we manage to recognize a friend 's face , regardless of the light conditions , the person 's hairstyle or make-up ? Why do we always hear the same words , whether they are spoken by a man or woman , in a loud or soft voice ? It is due to the amazing skill of our brain to turn a wealth of sensory information into a number of defined categories and objects . The ability to create constants in a changing world feels natural and effortless to a human , but it is extremely difficult to train a computer to perform the task .
At the IMP in Vienna , neurobiologist Simon Rumpel and his post-doc Brice Bathellier have been able to show that certain properties of neuronal networks in the brain are responsible for the formation of categories . In experiments with mice , the researchers produced an array of sounds and monitored the activity of nerve cell-clusters in the auditory cortex . They found that groups of 50 to 100 neurons displayed only a limited number of different activity-patterns in response to the different sounds .
The scientists then selected two basis sounds that produced different response patterns and constructed linear mixtures from them . When the mixture ratio was varied continuously , the answer was not a continuous change in the activity patters of the nerve cells , but rather an abrupt transition . Such dynamic behavior is reminiscent of the behavior of artificial attractor-networks that have been suggested by computer scientists as a solution to the categorization problem .
The findings in the activity patters of neurons were backed up by behavioral experiments with mice . The animals were trained to discriminate between two sounds . They were then exposed to a third sound and their reaction was tracked . Whether the answer to the third tone was more like the reaction to the first or the second one , was used as an indicator of the similarity of perception . By looking at the activity patters in the auditory cortex , the scientists were able to predict the reaction of the mice .
The new findings that are published in the current issue of the journal Neuron , demonstrate that discrete network states provide a substrate for category formation in brain circuits . The authors suggest that the hierarchical structure of discrete representations might be essential for elaborate cognitive functions such as language processing .
Notes about this brain research
Contact : Research Institute of Molecular Pathology contact page
Source : Research Institute of Molecular Pathology press release
Image Source : Brain categories image courtesy of Research Institute of Molecular Pathology
Original Research : Abstract for “ Discrete Neocortical Dynamics Predict Behavioral Categorization of Sounds ” by Brice Bathellier , Lyubov Ushakova and Simon Rumpel in Neuron 18 October 2012 Volume 76 , Issue 2 , 435-449 doi : 10.1016/j.neuron.2012.07.008
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everton are closing in on a £20million deal for Ajax skipper Davy Klaassen .
Boss Ronald Koeman had made the Netherlands international midfielder a priority signing , and the Toffees hope to have him signed in the next few days .
The club is currently in advanced talks with their Dutch counterparts .
Koeman , who made a scouting trip to watch the 24-year-old in the flesh , said : “ It is difficult for a lot of technical and skilful players because the demands in England are so big .
( Image : REUTERS )
`` But Davy Klaassen has made very big steps . ”
The arrival of the box-to-box midfielder will help fill the void left by Ross Barkley who is set to leave the club this summer .
With the NBA Summer League wrapping up last night in Las Vegas ( congratulations to Becky Hammon and her San Antonio Spurs squad ) , we are now officially the furthest day away from any meaningful professional basketball activity until NBA training camps convene in the fall . So let 's take a quick look at what the summer meant for the Jazz and where the team goes from here . I 'll also take a deep dive into the more frequently discussed NBA salary cap floor and why it is becoming a bigger issue .
Roster Composition . With Dennis Lindsey and the Jazz deciding to forego any major moves in free agency or the trade market , the 2015-2016 roster is now mostly set . Barring and unlikely trade before training camp and during the preseason , the following 11 players are locks to be on the roster this season :
PG - Dante Exum , Trey Burke
Wings - Gordon Hayward , Alec Burks , Rodney Hood , Joe Ingles
Bigs - Derrick Favors , Rudy Gobert , Trevor Booker , Trey Lyles , Tibor Pleiss
That leaves 2 to 4 roster spots remaining for the regular season roster . The players in serious competition for those spots are as follows ( including their contract situations courtesy of Basketball Insiders ) :
Wing Christapher Johnson $ 981,348 $ 1,050,961 Big Grant Jerrett $ 947,276 - - PG Raul Neto $ 900,000 $ 937,800 $ 1,014,746 Big Jack Cooley $ 845,059 $ 980,431
PG Bryce Cotton $ 845,059 $ 980,431
Wing Elijah Millsap $ 845,059 $ 980,431
( unguaranteed in italics )
Historically , the Jazz would almost always choose the guaranteed salaried players over a seemingly equivalent or slightly better unguaranteed player . However , a combination of increasing revenues/salary cap rooms has made it so Lindsey does not really need to consider that . So while in the past it 'd be easy to pencil in Jerrett and Neto that may not be the case this year , though it would be a bit of a surprise if the Jazz waived Neto after bringing him over from Europe .
So how do you guys think it will all shake out ?
Personally , I see the Jazz keeping Neto , Millsap and Johnson and retaining their 15th roster spot for D-league and injury call ups . The big caveat there of course will be training camp injuries . If we lose a big man in camp , then Cooley could stick around for a while . Alternatively , if a PG goes down then it would be Cotton who benefits .
Keep in mind that the Jazz would not have to fully guarantee any of the unguaranteed guys until January , so it could be the case that we see a few of these guys sticking around for the first few months until the team brings players in under 10 day contracts for the second half of the season . .
Salary Cap Situation . Again , courtesy of Basketball Insiders , the Jazz 's salary cap situation will look like this ( or close to it depending on which low salaried players are cut ) :
Player Position 2015-16 Gordon Hayward wing $ 15,409,570 Derrick Favors big $ 12,000,000 Alec Burks wing $ 9,463,484 Trevor Booker big $ 4,775,000 Dante Exum pg $ 3,777,720 Tibor Pleiss big $ 2,900,000 Trey Burke pg $ 2,658,240 Trey Lyles big $ 2,239,800 Joe Ingles wing $ 2,150,000 Rodney Hood wing $ 1,348,440 Rudy Gobert big $ 1,175,880 Christapher Johnson wing $ 981,348 Grant Jerrett big $ 947,276 Raul Neto pg $ 900,000 Elijah Millsap wing $ 845,059 Total Salaries $ 61,571,817 Salary Cap Room $ 8,428,183 Room Under Salary Floor $ 1,428,183
At this time the Jazz are sitting comfortably under the league 's $ 70MM salary cap for 2015-16 . According to leaguewide numbers they have roughly the 3rd most Salary Cap room available . While the Jazz have foregone signing meaningful free agents there is still room for them to make a meaningful salary dump trade in order to pick up some more assets .
For example , Cleveland is still looking to unload Brendan Haywood 's $ 10.5MM unguaranteed contract . The ideal scenario for the Cavs would be to send him to a team in a way that will create a Traded Player Exception ( `` TPE '' ) which they would be able to utilize around the trade deadline or next summer in order to acquire another player in that salary range . Since TPEs last for a calendar year , the Cavs may want to wait as long as possible before making such a trade in order to give them the most available time to utilize the TPE in the future .
The Jazz could ship off Jerrett and some unguaranteed players and accomplish the trade , but what would the Jazz want in return ? The soonest first round pick the Cavs could pay is 2018 and even then that would be contingent on an earlier trade to Phoenix . Or perhaps a 2nd round pick and some cash would be enough ?
Salary Floor . Every year I see a lot of consternation and confusion over the NBA 's `` Salary Floor . '' Prior to the 2011 Collective Bargaining Agreement ( `` CBA '' ) , the minimum salaries each team had to reach each year was 75 % of the Salary Cap . That amount has risen each year under the 2011 to the current level , which is 90 % of the Salary ( $ 63MM ) ( See CBA Article VII , Section 2 ( b ) ( 1 ) ) .
At this point in time , depending on the Jazz 's final roster composition , the team would appear to be on schedule to end up between $ 500k- $ 1.5MM below the minimum salary requirements .
So what is the penalty if the Jazz fail to meet those payment obligations ? CBA Article VII , Section 2 ( b ) ( 2 ) explains it as follows :
( 2 ) In the event that a Team 's Team Salary for a Salary Cap Year as of the start of the Team 's Last Regular Season game of that Salary Cap Year is less than the applicable Minimum Team Salary for that Salary Cap Year , the NBA shall cause such Team to make payments equal to the shortfall ( to be disbursed to the players on such Team pro rata or in accordance with such other formula as may be reasonably determined by the Players Association . The Players Association shall provide the NBA with its proposed distribution of any such shortfall within thirty ( 30 ) days after the completion of the Audit Report for such Salary Cap Year .
A few important take aways from that legal jargon :
1 . The calculation of total team salaries paid happens at the end of the season . Thus , all payments to players are used to determine what salaries were in fact paid . Accordingly , the Jazz do not have to reach the floor until April , meaning that any additional players added ( i.e . trades , D-league call ups etc . ) during the season will count toward the minimum salaries .
2 . The penalty for failing to reach the floor equals the amount the team was under the floor . Accordingly , the Jazz are only in line for a financial penalty of between $ 500k- $ 1.5MM as of today .
3 . The financial penalty paid by the Jazz is distributed in whatever way the Players Association decides .
I 've seen it presumed that the shortfall would be pro rated according to salaries by the Players Association , but it is possible that certain players could benefit more than others in this scenario . For example , perhaps the Players Association determines that any player making greater than $ 2MM per year is reasonably compensated and the remainder gets divided only to the lower salaried players . Or perhaps the Players Association creates a formula based on years of service in the NBA .
The point is it is not necessarily pro rata to each of the players in accordance with their contract size , which is widely presumed . Instead , there is a possibility that underpaid players such as Rudy Gobert could reap a larger benefit from these payments , though the Jazz themselves do not get to decide that , the Players Association does . .
Salary Floor Going Forward . While the effect of the minimum salary requirement is going to minimal to non-existent for the Jazz this season , the same can not be said moving forward . Let 's take another look at salary obligations , this time adding future seasons :
Player Position 2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 Gordon Hayward wing $ 15,409,570 $ 16,073,140 $ 16,736,710 Derrick Favors big $ 12,000,000 $ 11,050,000 $ 12,000,000 Alec Burks wing $ 9,463,484 $ 10,154,495 $ 10,845,506 Trevor Booker big $ 4,775,000 - - Dante Exum pg $ 3,777,720 $ 3,940,320 $ 4,992,385 Tibor Pleiss big $ 2,900,000 $ 3,000,000 $ 3,100,000 Trey Burke pg $ 2,658,240 $ 3,386,598 $ 4,588,840 Trey Lyles big $ 2,239,800 $ 2,340,600 $ 2,441,400 Joe Ingles wing $ 2,150,000 $ 2,150,000 $ 2,687,500 Rodney Hood wing $ 1,348,440 $ 1,406,520 $ 2,386,864 Rudy Gobert big $ 1,175,880 $ 2,121,287 $ 3,145,869 Christapher Johnson wing $ 981,348 $ 1,050,961 Grant Jerrett big $ 947,276 - - Raul Neto pg $ 900,000 $ 937,800 - Elijah Millsap wing $ 845,059 $ 980,431 - Total Salaries $ 61,571,817 $ 58,592,152 $ 62,925,074 Salary Cap Room $ 8,428,183 $ 30,407,848 $ 45,074,926 Room Under Salary Floor $ 1,428,183 $ 21,507,848 $ 34,274,926
Based on current salary projections , and with 11 players signed to guaranteed contracts in 2016-2017 , the Jazz are scheduled to have almost $ 30MM in Salary Cap Room next offseason . With no rookies to extend this offseason ( the Jazz 's 2012 first round pick wound up in Houston ) , the Jazz are not scheduled to add any significant salary next offseason . While the team will likely ink its first round pick that salary will be a minimal $ 1-3MM addition . Resigning Trevor Booker could use some Salary Cap Room , but that would make the Lyles selection more questionable .
Without a significant offseason addition , the Jazz would be about $ 20MM below the minimum salary requirements for 2016-17 . So whether the Jazz land a big free agent , or trade acquisition next year the team will have to increase its payroll by $ 20MM . Ideally , one would think that team would want to use that money to add significant players to the team , but the Jazz 's middle name is Financial Flexibility , so you never know if they will do so .
If the team does n't then the current roster would stand to benefit of course , but as stated above that is all subject to the Players Association defining a formula for those distributions . With that much money at stake ( for the Jazz and for a large amount of NBA teams ) we are likely to see some contentious battles between NBA player agents . Stay tuned for the fireworks .
. Where to Spend that Money . Since it would seem to be wiser to upgrade the roster with the Financial Flexibility , where should the Jazz spend there money next year ? Bobby Marks at Hoopshype.com recently discussed the conundrum of rising in relation to 2016 spending :
The summer of 2016 is gearing up to be a very interesting one… but not for the reason most NBA fans are thinking . There has been lots of talk and excitement about the vastly increased salary cap numbers that will come from the new TV deal . Early projections anticipate the current salary cap of $ 70 million to jump to $ 89 million for the 2016-17 season . There is the potential for 24 out of 30 teams looking to have an estimated $ 825 million in cap space . Many fans are wide-eyed by the idea of their favorite team having `` lots of cap space '' for the summer of 2016 . After all , LeBron James and Kevin Durant are free agents next year . Yet when you look closer… Beyond these two All-Stars , what is the talent level available ? Will there be enough true talent for teams to spend at least $ 81 million ? That is the number teams need to spend to hit the minimum 90 percent of the salary cap . Will the summer of 2016 be the year of one-year contracts because of the lack of overall talent and depth ?
We already know if there are 24 out of 30 teams looking to have some significant cap space that it does not bode will for the Utah Jazz . As he goes on to postulate , it is going to be incredibly difficult for all teams in this situation to hit the minimum salary without some inventive contract structures , like massive 1 year deals to recruit players to a new team .
He also goes on to list a number of players that will deserve big money . Since we do n't know where the team needs to add at this point , playing the guessing game is a little pointless when trying to determine who the Jazz could throw money at .
The biggest concern though is in a game of high stakes musical chairs , the Jazz end up holding a pot of money and unable to use it to supplement the roster going forward . One thing is for sure , it will be an interesting offseason as a prelude to the NBA lockout of 2017 .
DALLAS -- Mayor Mike Rawlings told the state 's Pension Review Board that recklessness led to the financial crisis of the Dallas Police and Fire Pension Fund .
`` This is much like a Bernie Madoff scheme , if you ask me , '' he said .
The mayor said past pension fund members guaranteed themselves 8-to-10 percent returns in their retirement fund , called Drop . Some left with millions in their accounts .
On top of that , there were bad investments .
It left behind a huge mess that threatens to bankrupt the fund and cost Dallas tax payers billions .
`` The City of Dallas tax payer is the punching bag in this issue , '' Rawlings said .
The pension board wants the city to contribute $ 1.1 . a billion in 2018 , but to do that , they would have to increase the property tax rate by 130 percent .
The mayor says the city has already paid its share , and to do more could be illegal .
Mayor Rawlings says past fund managers failed police and firefighters by mismanaging the fund . However , four City Council members have also been on the board , making up a third of the board . So there is plenty of blame to go around .
`` You had the perfect storm coming together and all of them screwing it up , '' said Fred Fraizer , president of the Dallas Police Association . `` So , now who is on the hook ? The taxpayer , the employer , the officers that receive the pay . ''
The head of the state 's pension review board seemed frustrated with all involved .
“ We seem to be at a stalemate and at a place where more of the discussions is about blame than around taking responsibility and moving forward , '' he said .
Frazier and the mayor agree that it takes everyone coming together to solve this problem . Both say there needs to be a long-term plan .
Copyright 2016 WFAA
You need Javascript and either Adobe Flash or Html5 to view this video .
Watch : Ships ' anchors destroying Malta 's largest reef
Transport Malta considering re-designation of bunkering zone at Sikka l-Bajda
Updated at 9.45am - Added marine biologist 's comments
A video has been posted to Facebook in a bid to create awareness about the damage being done to local reefs by ships ' anchors .
The video , posted on 'Raniero 's Adventures - Live Life ' page , was shot to prove that several ships were throwing their anchors at is-Sikka l-Bajda at 20 metres , along with 200 metres of chain , destroying the largest reef in Malta .
It shows a diver pointing to the heavy chain that is dragging everything in its way and damaging the seabed .
A shallow reef supporting the protected Neptune grass Posidonia oceanica , is-Sikka l-Bajda is also one of the largest local bunkering zones in Maltese waters .
Neptune grass is protected under EU and national legislation as a priority habitat meadows , said marine biologist Alan Deidun .
This brought it into direct conflict with the negative environmental impacts of bunkering , namely arising from anchoring and crabbing .
Anchoring , he said , created patches of destroyed seagrass within the meadows while crabbing resulted from the dragging of anchors along the seabed .
Is-Sikka l-Bajda was mainly used as a bunkering zone in westerly winds since it is sheltered and bunkering is an important economic sector for the islands .
Prof. Deidun said that the impacts of this had already been highlighted within the environmental impact study conducted on the proposed offshore wind farm for Is-Sikka l-Bajda in 2011-2012 .
The wind farm proposal had been turned down by the Malta Environment and Planning Authority on environmental grounds .
“ I am informed that Transport Malta is , in the coming weeks , considering the re-designation of the bunkering zone at is-Sikka l-Bajda so as to restrict such ecological damage on site , while allowing bunkering activities to be conducted within the same area , '' Prof. Deidun said .
He noted that the site was located within the north-east marine protected area , for which a management plan still had to be drafted .
`` This should ideally be done within the framework of a more comprehensive Marine Spatial Plan for the entire Maltese territorial waters , '' he said .
The university 's Department of Geosciences is currently conducting further research on the environmental impact of bunkering through a remotely operated vehicle survey it recently conducted within local waters .
Iridium-192 , a substance which can potentially be used in a dirty bomb , has been found at a Malaysian apartment complex prompting fears that residents there may have been exposed to the hazardous material .
South Klang district police said residents needed urgent health checks after two stolen radioactive canisters were found with their seals broken , exposing people to the dangerous substance .
A team designated to finding the radioactive scanners traced the canisters to the apartment building after learning that they had been sold from a scrap metal shop in Kampung Jawa on Friday .
The canisters were from a radioactive scanning device found in a rubbish bin during a search of Seri Era Apartment complex , in the Klang district , on Saturday .
READ MORE : Half-brother of N. Korean leader dead in Malaysia , reports claim he was killed
“ They had disposed of the inner casings made of depleted uranium as well as the inner rods containing iridium-192 which emanates gamma ray , ” said the Atomic Energy Licensing Board 's ( ALEB ) director Hasmadi Hassan .
Exposure to gamma rays can cause symptoms like dizziness , nausea , and vomiting .
Humans are capable of receiving 20 millisieverts of gamma rays a year , however , these canisters had the gamma ray capacity of up to 300 millisieverts per hour , according to the ALEB .
READ MORE : Malaysian Muslim authority says ‘ training & guidance ' can reverse homosexuality ( VIDEO )
By Sunday , police had arrested a group of eight men in connection with the radioactive material , which was reportedly stolen from a car belonging to a business that maintains the pipes of an oil and gas company .
Among the eight detained suspects were four employees of the oil and gas service company , said Klang Selatan police chief Assistant Commissioner Alzafny Ahmad .
The Fowler 's attorney will ask the judge for the release of Leila Fowler 's brother after new evidence was found .
Advertisement Boy accused of killing sister remains in custody 14-year-old brother being held in murder despite new evidence Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A judge in Calaveras County said Friday a 14-year-old boy will remain in custody while he awaits trial in the stabbing death of his sister despite new evidence . Attorneys for the boy , whose name is not being used by KCRA 3 because of his age , presented new DNA evidence in their request for the boy 's release.Watch report : Attorney : DNA evidence proves Fowler brother 's innocenceIt was nearly two years ago that Leila Fowler was stabbed more than 20 times in her Valley Springs home , deputies said.Leila 's brother , who was 12 years old at the time , was arrested in connection to her death . He said there was an intruder who ran away from the home the day his sister was killed.The boy is now 14 years old and has spent about two years in juvenile hall. “ I think ( the family is ) frustrated he spends his youth behind bars while this gets sorted out , ” Attorney Steve Plesser said . `` I think it 's inappropriate to house a youth in his prime for that time period . `` 31387268The boy 's attorneys argued that the case revolves around shaky circumstantial evidence.They also said new evidence from the Department of Justice indicates that an intruder was present at the time of the stabbing , and that there was unidentified DNA on a hair under the victim . `` All of the circumstantial evidence that underlies the prosecutors ' theory do not fit , '' Plesser said . `` There was a small amount of blood on the back of his shirt that belongs to him that was n't hidden but in plain view and does n't look like blood splatter evidence . `` Plesser added that the weapon tied to the case does not match up and that his client did not have any blood on him . `` And there sure should be if he committed this crime , '' Plesser said.The prosecution also told the judge the boy had problems before Leila 's killing and had threatened to stab someone at school . `` He 's never been in trouble at school , '' Plesser said . `` I do n't know what they are talking about . A pocket knife fell out of his shorts at P.E . class , and he got in trouble for it . `` As for the Fowler family , they did n't seem too happy about Friday 's outcome . `` Yeah , I 'm disappointed , but it 's out of our hands now , '' said Fowler 's grandfather , Scott Guthrie. -- More on KCRA.com : +Brother arrested in fatal stabbing of Valley Springs girl+Leila Fowler 's brother to stand trial in March+Leila Fowler 's brother confident he 'll be out of custody soon+911 caller believed Leila , 8 , was alive+FBI crime dogs assist in Leila Fowler homicide investigation
By : James Buechele
October 24 , 2013
Tallahassee , FL - Attorney Bill Wohlsifer says a ruling by the Florida Supreme Court will have a huge impact when it comes to medical marijuana use in the state .
Political committee 'People United for Medical Marijuana ' has sponsored an amendment they want to see on the 2014 ballot .
`` Well I know they got a lot of petitions signed , '' said Wohlsifer . `` I know they got in excess of 100,000 or maybe in excess of 110,000 ( signatures ) . ''
But Attorney General Pam Bondi has concerns with the language on the proposed ballot . In her letter to the Supreme Court she says the following .
`` The proposal at issue falls short because it misleads regarding both the amendment 's scope and its conflict with existing federal law . ''
Wohlsifer says U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is leaving that up to the states . When Colorado legalized marijuana , Holder announced the federal government would not intervene .
`` In other words , let the states regulate themselves . That 's in the memorandum and that was circulated to the federal attorneys . ''
Associated Press Release
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) -- Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi is challenging a proposal to allow the use of medical marijuana in the state .
Bondi criticized the proposed amendment in a filing she made Thursday to the Florida Supreme Court . By law , the attorney general asks the court to review proposed amendments .
The Supreme Court could throw out the amendment if it agrees with Bondi .
The Republican attorney general called the amendment misleading . Bondi told the court that if passed by voters the measure would allow marijuana use in limitless situations .
Bondi also said the amendment could confuse voters that medical marijuana use would be allowed under federal law .
The group pushing the amendment -- People United for Medical Marijuana -- needs to gather nearly 700,000 signatures in order to make the 2014 ballot .
PopZette Celebrities ' New Sport : Fearmonger with Fake News Samantha Bee 's reference to a cancer patient as a 'Nazi ' is only the latest in a stream of vile examples
When your hatred of President Donald Trump and conservatives runs so deep you end up mistakenly accusing a cancer patient of being a “ Nazi ” — it may be time to reexamine how you spend your energy .
Late-night television host Samantha Bee has become the latest liberal entertainer to fearmonger through outright fake news . In a recent video segment on her show “ Full Frontal with Samantha Bee ” that was meant to criticize and poke fun at this year 's CPAC , a picture of a young man with a partially shaved head was shown on the screen , while a “ Full Frontal ” correspondent said , “ This year , the bow ties were gone , replaced by Nazi hair , Nazi hair , Nazi hair… ”
Advertisement
The fervent desire to connect conservatism with Nazism stood in the way of any presentation of the facts . Turns out , the person shown was Kyle Coddington — a young man who has stage 4 brain cancer .
“ When @ iamsambee makes fun of your brother for having ‘ Nazi hair . ' He actually has stage 4 brain cancer , but whatever floats your boat , ” wrote Coddington 's sister , Megan , on Twitter .
[ lz_third_party align=center width=630 includes=https : //twitter.com/meg_kelly16/status/839822891961237505 ? ref_src=twsrc % 5Etfw ]
TBS removed the video segment from its YouTube page and the show released an apology through an official Twitter account .
“ We deeply apologize for offending @ _that_kyle in our CPAC segment . We only learned of his condition today & have removed him from the piece . ”
[ lz_third_party align=center width=630 includes=https : //twitter.com/FullFrontalSamB/status/839894761708404741 ? ref_src=twsrc % 5Etfw ]
Advertisement
To make matters worse — Coddington is a registered Democrat and was attending CPAC as a member of the press for Outset magazine .
[ lz_ndn video=32105801 ]
In an interview with “ Fox & Friends , ” Coddington said he saw little sincerity in the public apology .
“ It is kind of a half-apology , I would say , ” he said . “ The effects of this go much further than just insulting me and the illness itself . It 's just inconsiderate and very unprofessional to lump together anyone with a certain hairstyle or by just the way they look . ”
Related : Comedians Joke About Trump Assassination , and Other Outrage
Bee is not alone in her attempts to convince her audience of an impending Nazi or authoritarian threat through lies . Comedian Sarah Silverman tried convincing her Twitter followers that swastikas were being spray-painted out in public to scare people . She tied it all to President Trump , of course .
Advertisement
“ Walking to get coffee saw these all over a sidewalk in the town I 'm in . Is this an attempt at swastikas ? Do neo nazis not have Google ? ” she tweeted out in a rush of words .
The markings were just construction markings .
[ lz_third_party align=center width=630 includes=https : //twitter.com/SarahKSilverman/status/830923187479277568 ]
Silverman even defended her ignorance and her frightening willingness to jump to Nazi-related conclusions . “ To the excited-to-pounce , smelly condescending c * * * * who say ima dummy 4 seeing swastikas in street markers : I 'm seeing swastikas in everything fratboys . It started w Bannon 's rise & festered when trump decided not 2 mention Jews re the Holocaust . ”
Musician Moby also fed into the irresponsible conspiracy theories by claiming “ proof ” of Russia “ controlling ” the president . He , of course , provided none of his said “ proof . ”
So ready are these celebrities to be angry at what they see as the “ enemy ” that they do n't care about the people who become collateral damage .
Advertisement
“ After spending the weekend talking to friends who work in dc i can safely ( well , ‘ accurately'… ) post the following things : 1-the russian dossier on trump is real . 100 % real . he 's being blackmailed by the russian government , not just for being peed on by russian hookers , but for much more nefarious things , ” he wrote on Instagram .
He continued , “ 2-the Trump administration is in collusion with the russian government , and has been since day one . 3-the Trump administration needs a war , most likely with iran . at present they are putting u.s warships off the coast of iran in the hope that iran will attack one of the ships and give the u.s a pretense for invasion . 4-there are right wing plans to get rid of trump . he 's a drain on their fundraising and their approval ratings , and the gop and koch brothers and other u.s right wing groups are planning to get rid of trump . ”
It was nonsense — another celebrity trying to create something out of nothing to justify his or her rage .
On and on it goes . Pop culture voices like Bee , Silverman , Moby , Rosie O'Donnell , Alec Baldwin , and so many others have a shocking willingness to give into unwarranted rage . So ready are they to be angry at what they see as the “ enemy ” that they do n't care about the people who are collateral damage for their ridiculous attacks .
AFP
MONTREAL -- A full-size recreation of the glorious Michelangelo frescoes that adorn the ceiling of the Vatican 's Sistine Chapel -- entirely in photographs -- will from Friday be on display in Montreal .
The 33 photographs of the frescoes will be displayed on the walls -- and suspended overhead -- of a darkened room in the Canadian city 's Palais des Congres convention center , in a world premiere .
The photographs were taken 20 years ago by the Vatican 's official photographer during a restoration of the artwork in the chapel , where cardinals have elected new popes since the 15th century .
The frescoes in the actual chapel are so far above the heads of tourists that they are somewhat difficult to appreciate .
`` Taking photos so close ( to the paintings ) had never been allowed , '' Veronica Redgrave , the spokeswoman for the exhibit , told AFP .
`` Even the popes never saw them from this close . ''
The exhibit will be in Montreal for three months before heading to Toronto and Vancouver . Venues in the United States , Europe and Latin America are also expected to display the photos .
Image copyright Geograph Image caption Reverend Gordon , who is originally from Portadown , is the Dean of Leighlin in County Carlow
A gay Church of Ireland minister has said the church should stop focusing on the issue of human sexuality .
Reverend Tom Gordon , the Dean of Leighlin in County Carlow , was the first Anglican clergyman in Ireland to enter into a civil partnership .
The Republic of Ireland voting for same-sex marriage should show church leaders that their focus is wrong , he told Radio Ulster 's Sunday Sequence .
`` We need to be getting on to talk about other things , '' he said .
`` We need to be getting on to be talking about inequalities in society , of sort of more global issues .
`` But we have in the Church of Ireland , and indeed in the Anglican communion , been almost exclusively focused in the public eye on this issue of human sexuality . ''
Last month , the Republic of Ireland voted overwhelmingly to legalise same-sex marriage in a historic referendum .
More than 62 % voted in favour of amending the country 's constitution to allow gay and lesbian couples to marry .
Ireland is the first country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage through a popular vote .
Despite continuing financial , distribution and organisational problems , here we are again with issue No . 8 . At least no-one can say that we are just a ‘ seven-issue wonder ' . And although the problems pertaining to the paper 's existence still continue , we of the collective are coming to terms with how much work and commitment is needed to carry on bringing out a regular fortnightly newspaper . It 's also becoming much more fun for us to be involved with such a project ; even the rows and unpleasant situations we have recently found ourselves taking part in have not stopped us from realising that an aura of happiness from each member of the editorial collective is an important factor in getting out each edition of Gay News . We do n't want to bore you with the long hours etc . bit , but you really can do just about anything if you keep smiling .
Our money and distribution problems are closely tied together . You have no doubt noticed that under the credits and contents section on this page , we claim that distribution is done by ‘ Us , You and A Prayer Book ' . Well , strictly speaking that 's true . We do have three or four small distribution companies helping us , but the majority of copies you see in the limited number of shops that stock the paper are there because we supplied them . The shops have them either because they responded to a letter we wrote to them ; because the shops got fed up with being asked for the paper by their customers , or because one of you wrote or telephoned us giving details of outlets you thought were worth us following up . ( Thanks a lot , and keep it up ) . Also , as many of you will know , we regularly sell the paper in the major gay pubs in London , and we believe that copies are available in a few pubs and clubs around the country .
But unfortunately these distribution outlets are still not enough to support our continued existence . We must sell more copies to carry on , and we hope that as a result of a lot more effort on your part , and help from you whenever you can supply it , that we will be able to sell more of each edition , both in London and , more importantly , in the rest of the country .
There are so many areas of the country we never reach and then there are places where the amount sent is , in our opinion , ridiculously small . One such place is Manchester , where it is left to one or two people to try to get the paper to the whole of the gay population of that city . It 's crazy that we should sell almost double the quantity we sell in Manchester in Brighton . Even Reading sells almost as many as the major city of the north of England . And it 's not just Manchester that has such poor distribution . Liverpool , at present , has fewer copies sent to it than Bath .
Of course , we are not trying to put down the people who already do as much as they possibly can in those places where our circulation is so disastrous , but we appeal to all gay people who live in places where the paper is rarely seen to help alter this situation . There are a number of ways you can do this for us . Firstly , you can sell them for us , whether in your local gay pubs or clubs , or just to your circle of friends and acquaintances .
Hachette Group of Companies U.K. 4 Regent Place London W1R 6BH Mr. A. MacDougall , Collective Editorial `` GAY NEWS '' 19 , London Street , LONDON W2 1HL 6th September , 1972 Dear Mr. MacDougall , Your letter of August 10th , concerning your publication `` GAY NEWS '' and addressed to Hachette Gotch Limited , has been passed to us , as we are the subsidiary of Hachette dealing with the distribution of periodicals in this country . Unfortunately , we are unable to accept distribution of this publication , as we do not feel it would fit in with our existing range . Nevertheless we wish you success in your new venture . Yours sincerely , Lynette Holland ( Mrs. ) Secretary to the Managing Director
Secondly , if you are not into selling copies yourself , perhaps you know of someone who might , or maybe you could approach gay pubs and clubs in your area to sell them for us . Thirdly , you can send us the names and addresses of any newsagents and bookshops you think may be interested in stocking us . It would be better still if you could approach them for us . Fourthly , please send us details of newspaper wholesalers and small distributors that operate in your part of the country . Lastly , you could take out a subscription and let all your friends see the paper after you have read it , and then encourage them to also take out a subscription . And , as a last thought , you could send us the names and addresses of any people you know who , in your opinion , would like to see Gay News , and would like us to send them a sample copy of a back number so that they can see what we are up to , and all being well , they might decide that they want to see the paper regularly , especially if they live in a more isolated part of the country .
We feel that it is important that Gay News reaches as many places and people as possible . It was n't so long ago that nearly all of us had to live ‘ double lives ' , but times have changed and although the situation is still far from ideal , at least not as many of us have to live in dread and in isolation for being what we naturally are . So it is essential that Gay News takes its place alongside of all the other newspapers and periodicals at newsagents , street vendors pitches and bookshops . Gay News has ‘ come out ' and must stay out in the open and not be relegated to just a few sympathetic retailers and pom shops . In time we hope that we will be joined by other gay publications , and not just the ones that are out to exploit you .
It looks now that distribution will always be our responsibility ( with a little help from our friends and you ) . In past issues we have shown you the ‘ polite ' and ‘ understanding ' but unco-operative letters from major distributors who have refused to handle us . In the columns of this editorial we reproduce two more such letters . The addresses of these firms should be legible , so may we suggest that you write to these companies and tell them that wide distribution is necessary for the paper , and also let them know about the difficulties you have encountered in obtaining copies .
And anything else you may care to add . We suggest you do this as soon as possible ; it just might make someone at Seymours or one of the other organisations such as W.H.Smiths wake up to the reality that it is not just us that want Gay News to be as widely available as possible .
We dislike being continually appealing for your help , but if we are to survive , we must have your support . This is your paper , do n't forget , and there are no nameless , faceless people trying to make a fortune out of you . Nor is it the aim of Gay News to subvert you with one particular political viewpoint . Your political opinions are your affairs , just as the ones we individually hold are ours . There is a need though for a change in the existing legislation that affects gay people , but one does not have to subscribe to just one political party or organisation to attempt to obtain these much-needed alterations to the statute books .
Eventually , through more efficient and wider distribution of the paper around the whole of the country we hope to alleviate most of our money problems . And add to this the increased advertising which we hope to attract , and maybe soon we will be in a more secure financial position . But at present we are very short of cash . And what national newspaper is n't . But we feel that what we are attempting to provide through the news and information that appears in our pages is something that papers such as The Times , The Sun do not print , and they have no positive plans to include such items in their columns , no matter what the need . So if you feel that we are a valuable asset to the gay community , please help us to carry on , in any way that you are able .
Seymour Press Limited Our Ref : RAW/CC 7th September 1972 Mr. Denis E. Lemon , Gay News , 19 London Street , LONDON W2 1HL Dear Sir , Thank you for your letter dated 4th September and copies of GAY NEWS . We have considered carefully the possibility of distributing your publication , but feel that a really specialised operation is called for which could best be operated by yourselves . Yours faithfully , SEYMOUR PRESS LIMITED R. A. WESTWOOD Director .
Since the completion of GN No 7 and the appearance of this issue , we have gone through a number of changes in our organisational structure . At times this has led to some bitter quarrels and truth games amongst ourselves , but all is now resolved . The result is that we feel that Gay News will be a more effective and streamlined operation , which will mean both a more comprehensive and objective system for the gathering in of news and articles , as well as generally tightening up our office procedures . The last point being somewhat boring but necessary , although we hope to avoid all the bureaucracy that so many organisations fall foul of . The addition of new members to our editorial collective , who bring with them both experience and new ideas , will in time make it possible for us to boast a ‘ new improved ' Gay News .
There is also a good possibility that we will be moving to larger offices next month ( at no extra cost , we hope ) . Those of you who have braved 79 steps up to our present office will understand why it is necessary for this move , and will be relieved to hear that our new premises will be on basement level .
We apologise for not letting you know what happened to the Biograph Review in the last issue . We leave it to Julian D. to explain what has been going on in his column in this edition . Also Denis Lemon will be commenting on the recent legal proceedings he has unfortunately been involved in .
Some of you may have noticed a number of design errors in GN No 7 . These were due to the fact that the collective had to get the paper together , for the first time , without the invaluable aid of our resident designer . Everything is back to ‘ normal ' in this issue though , we are glad to say .
We hope you all find something interesting and informative in the pages of this issue . But please remember that it is basically up to you whether or not we succeed in being useful and entertaining , not forgetting too that we need all the help you can give us in just keeping the paper alive , well and ‘ kicking ' .
Take care of yourselves , write to us , and to misquote the words of a past Gay News ‘ queen of the month ' ; ‘ Come up and see us sometime ' .
So many of you complained when we went back to 12 pages again last issue that we 've relented and given you 16 again . Apart from anything else we could n't have fitted everything in otherwise . I only wish you were as eager to send in your spare cash as you are to moan when we try and do something better .
BEDFORD , PLYMOUTH , STOKE , DONCASTER , YORK , ABERDEEN , CARDIFF , BOURNEMOUTH
In some of these towns. , Gay News is not as available as we would like . If you live in these towns and want to sell ‘ Gay News ' in bulk ( 10 or more copies ) at 7p each , write or phone GAY NEWS , 19 London Street , London W2 . Tel . 01-402-7805
When Pakistani astronomer Umair Asim tells people about his work , the reactions he gets are often rather odd . “ People put their hands forward and ask how their week will be , ” he tells Weekend Review . “ It 's very common . People confuse astrology and astronomy . Many educated people do that . So when I tell them astrology is not part of science , it is is not proven , their feelings are a bit of hurt . ”
In Pakistan astronomy is a neglected subject in schools and institutions of higher education . “ Astronomy is not in the syllabus [ in schools ] . There are no teachers for astronomy , there are no departments for it , ” says Asim , who also works as a senior vice-principal at a girl 's high school .
He grew interested in astronomy as a child . “ My mother tells me that even before I started going to school , I would go out and look at the stars — without a telescope , obviously , ” says Asim . “ Just like a poet is born a poet , I feel I am a born astronomer . ”
Asim is president of the Lahore Astronomical Society , which was started in 1995 by a few students . “ Some of my companions at that time started it , ” he says . Asim runs his observatory on the roof of the building in which the society is based .
Asim gives me a guided tour of the place , showing me where the society holds their meetings and workshops . We get to the roof where his observatory is located . “ This is a Celestron C14 , ” he says , showing me his telescope . “ Its mirror has a 36-centimetre diameter — one of the largest telescopes in Pakistan . ”
This was also the first telescope Asim ordered in 2004 . “ People would tell me not to order such a big one as it was my first and I still had to learn a lot , ” he says . “ But I was so obsessed that I just ordered a high-end telescope so I did n't have to order another again . All these telescopes are made in America . ”
We head to a tiny “ human room ” next to the telescope where he has a laptop and other gadgets . “ I have to be careful that it does n't rain because the telescope is exposed . For that , I have installed a cloud sensor outside . On this screen there are changes in the data output , and if I fall asleep , the alarms also go off . ”
A beautiful planisphere , or star chart , has been drawn on the ceiling . “ These are the constellations that are seen from this observatory throughout the year , ” he says .
On one side lies a telescope belonging to one of the members . The society has close to 50 active members . But the numbers can swell up to 150-300 when they go on field trips outside the city , away from light pollution . A popular destination is Changa Manga , a forested area with a guest house , close to Lahore . “ We set up the telescopes outside and spend nights over there . We are very active in observation and imaging . ”
People from all walks of life — students , teachers , engineers , businessmen , or even armymen — come to stargaze . Enthusiasts can spend whole nights on the roof . “ They look at the sky , galaxies and star clusters . There is information sharing , people get philosophical : ‘ It 's such a big universe , what is the meaning of my life ? ' We finish at Fajr time . ”
Asim is particularly keen on getting underprivileged children to take an interest in astronomy . On June 21 last year , which was International Sun Day , Asim brought his solar telescope to a public park . “ We showed the Sun to children playing there . A look at the fiery Sun is enough to get them hooked to astronomy . ”
The Charlie Bates Solar Project , a US-based non-profit organisation , has donated them solar glasses . “ We freely distribute them to everyone who participates in our solar observations , ” says Asim .
In 2014 , Asim became the first Pakistani to be honoured with the Jon Wood Award by the American organisation . “ They sent me a telescope , which is Pakistan 's best refractor telescope , ” he says .
In his own small way Asim has been bringing international recognition to Pakistani astronomy . In 2011 his picture of the moon was selected as Lunar Photo of the Day on a popular international website . “ It was the first time Pakistan featured on that forum because of that picture , ” he tells me .
Asim 's drive to engage the public in astronomy has taken him around Punjab province and beyond . He has worked in Falakyati Melas ( astronomy fairs ) and visited universities . He once visited a madrassa in Islamabad . The imam at the madrassa was n't very receptive at first . “ They were not letting the children come outside . So I went to them and said there is nothing non-Islamic in [ doing ] this . In Islam there is ilm [ knowledge ] . So , just like the ilm you give , this too is a kind of knowledge . So I brought them [ telescopes ] and children got to see some of it . But obviously , they are giving a lot of importance to religious education . ”
The imam soon warmed to the idea of looking through the telescope . “ He appreciated it a lot . Actually , he was quite astonished that it 's so easy to look at the Sun with today 's telescopes . He also saw the fire , the hot plasma , emanating from the Sun . I also gave him solar glasses , so he could view the Sun afterwards and show it to everyone at home . ”
Some of the stranger queries Asim receives are from those interested in aliens . “ I have been asked whether I can watch UFOs from my telescopes and if I have seen any. ” So , have there been any UFO sightings in Pakistan ? “ There is no evidence about the entire phenomenon of UFOs . Having a concept is fine , but proving it is the main thing . ”
Even local TV channels have begun taking an interest when an important celestial event occurs . In 2012 , the transit of planet Venus across the Sun was covered live from the rooftop , with three or four television vans parked outside the observatory building .
One could say Asim 's observatory is Pakistan 's version of Nasa . “ I would like to think so . I would like it if people understand it in this manner . But the work being done from this observatory is the best in Pakistan . ”
Asim has ambitious plans for his observatory . “ My desire is not that people see the moon through the telescope once and the story is over . I want to take it a bit further . The efforts I am making now are to create a bridge between the amateur and professional communities . ”
Asim says this is the only observatory in Pakistan from where raw scientific data is being collected . One of Asim 's projects is collecting data on variable stars whose brightness fluctuates . He sends the collected data to the American Association for Variable Star Observers ( AAVSO ) , the world 's largest organisation studying variable stars .
Asim is also focusing on preparing astronomy kits for schools . These include a basic telescope , written material , guidelines on how to start an astronomy society and a star wheel to help students become familiar with the night sky . He also runs a video podcast called “ Hamari Kainat ” ( Our Universe ) with a friend , Dr Salman Hameed , who is based in the US and has a PhD in astronomy . “ Its purpose is to get ordinary Pakistanis to learn about astronomy . We explain it to them in Urdu , in a very easy language . ”
The reactions he gets from his outreach programmes are very uplifting . “ When we tell them the stars they see are all suns , they are very shocked . They are mesmerised when we tell them how big our galaxy is and how great is the distance between galaxies , when they understand the vast concept of time and space . ”
In a country with serious problems related to terrorism and political turmoil , astronomy offers a larger perspective on matters . “ In Pakistan when you tell someone that the universe is so big , and Earth is such a tiny planet , the conflicts start to feel very insignificant , ” says Asim . “ Humans feel very small when they understand the universe . Those personal grudges and fights start to feel less [ significant ] . ”
Syed Hamad Ali is a writer based in London .
On this day in 1952 , after a long illness , King George VI of Great Britain and Northern Ireland dies in his sleep at the royal estate at Sandringham . Princess Elizabeth , the oldest of the king 's two daughters and next in line to succeed him , was in Kenya at the time of her father 's death ; she was crowned Queen Elizabeth II on June 2 , 1953 , at age 27 .
King George VI , the second son of King George V , ascended to the throne in 1936 after his older brother , King Edward VIII , voluntarily abdicated to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson . During World War II , George worked to rally the spirits of the British people by touring war zones , making a series of morale-boosting radio broadcasts ( for which he overcame a speech impediment ) and shunning the safety of the countryside to remain with his wife in bomb-damaged Buckingham Palace . The king 's health deteriorated in 1949 , but he continued to perform state duties until his death in 1952 .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Queen Elizabeth , born on April 21 , 1926 , and known to her family as Lilibet , was groomed as a girl to succeed her father . She married a distant cousin , Philip Mountbatten , on November 20 , 1947 , at London 's Westminster Abbey . The first of Elizabeth 's four children , Prince Charles , was born in 1948 .
From the start of her reign , Elizabeth understood the value of public relations and allowed her 1953 coronation to be televised , despite objections from Prime Minister Winston Churchill and others who felt it would cheapen the ceremony . Elizabeth , the 40th British monarch since William the Conqueror , has worked hard at her royal duties and become a popular figure around the world . In 2003 , she celebrated 50 years on the throne , only the fifth British monarch to do so .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The queen 's reign , however , has not been without controversy . She was seen as cold and out-of-touch following the 1996 divorce of her son , Prince Charles , and Princess Diana , and again after Diana 's 1997 death in a car crash . Additionally , the role in modern times of the monarchy , which is largely ceremonial , has come into question as British taxpayers have complained about covering the royal family 's travel expenses and palace upkeep . Still , the royals are effective world ambassadors for Britain and a huge tourism draw . Today , the queen , an avid horsewoman and Corgi dog lover , is one of the world 's wealthiest women , with extensive real-estate holdings and art and jewelry collections .
AFP/Getty Images
Investor Warren Buffett is helping finance Burger King Worldwide Inc. 's US : BKW planned takeover of Canadian coffee-and-doughnut chain Tim Hortons Inc . US : THI CA : THI according to people familiar with the matter , in a surprise twist that could add to investors ' enthusiasm for the deal .
The Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B , -0.20 % chairman and chief executive would invest in the deal in the form of preferred shares , some of the people said . Berkshire is expected to provide about 25 % of the deal 's financing , one of the people said . The exact structure of Mr. Buffett 's participation in the deal remains unclear , and the discussions are ongoing .
The takeover , likely valued at around $ 10 billion or more , could be announced in the next day or two , according to the people .
Shareholders cheered the potential tie-up Monday , after the companies confirmed they were in discussions , sending stock in both companies soaring nearly 20 % . Mr. Buffett 's participation in the deal may add to that enthusiasm given his reputation for shrewd investing .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
‘ If you want to paint something , paint a rock , ' Florida officials implore after shells of a threatened tortoise species were found daubed with paint
Wildlife officials in Florida have urged people to not illustrate the shells of a threatened tortoise species after several animals were found daubed with paint .
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission ( FWC ) has released photos of gopher tortoises that were painted red and a shade of turquoise . The FWC said the “ illegally painted ” tortoises were at risk from paint fumes and from toxins that could be absorbed into the bloodstream via the shell .
Deborah Burr , gopher tortoise program coordinator at FWC , said five painted tortoises , from across the state , have been reported in recent months .
“ That does n't sound like a lot but we did n't hear about this happening in the state before all this , ” she said . “ It could be that there are youngsters who think it 's funny or people who do n't know of the harm it causes .
“ This is a threatened species with protections against harassing it , which painting it definitely is . The best thing to do is admire its natural beauty . If you want to paint something , paint a rock . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An illegally painted tortoise . Photograph : Mark Lotz/FWC
The tortoise painted red still has a ruddy stain after many hours of cleaning with a soy-based solution that was “ very stressful ” to the animal , Burr said .
Tortoises and freshwater turtles absorb vitamins via the sun 's UV rays , which can be blocked if their shells are painted . Their shells are also porous to liquids , meaning that paint can be toxic to tortoises .
“ You should never paint the shells of turtles and gopher tortoises , ” said the FWC in a statement . “ While to you it may seem harmless , painting the shells of turtles and tortoises can severely compromise their health . ”
The gopher tortoise is around 10in long and is the only native North American tortoise to occur east of the Mississippi river . Described by biologists as a “ superb earth mover ” the tortoise can dig huge burrows , with the record length of a burrow being 47ft .
The animal is considered a “ keystone ” species because its burrows are shared by more than 350 other species , including burrowing owls , indigo snakes , gopher crickets and opossums .
The FWC said that anyone who witnesses a gopher tortoise being harassed should call its 24-hour hotline .
ONE OF THE reasons the Taliban , and for that matter all other jihadist outfits , have consistently refused to stop fighting during the fasting month of Ramzan is that Ghazwa-e-Badr , the first war of Islam led by Prophet Muhammad , was fought in this pious month . On the 17th day of Ramzan in the second year of Hijri , corresponding to 13 March 624 CE , an army led by the Prophet waged war against the non-Muslims of Mecca at Badr , situated in present-day western Saudi Arabia . To mark the occasion this year , many Urdu newspapers in India paid tribute to this battle on 23 June , the 17th day of Ramzan , the Muslim month of fasting that which began on 7 June this year .
In its edition of 23 June , Roznama Sangam , a leading Urdu newspaper published from Patna since 1952 , had an editorial titled , ‘ Jang-e-Badr : Falsfa-e-Jihad ka Nuqta-e-Nazr ' , which translates to ‘ the Battle of Badr : The Standpoint of the Philosophy of Jihad ' . It notes : ‘ This is the great memorable day when the first decisive war between Islam and Kufr [ unbelief ] was fought… ' The Urdu daily observed : ‘ The prophet looked at the polytheists who were one thousand armed men . On the other hand , his men were 313… He raised his both hands and started calling his Lord . He said : O Allah , fulfil the promise you have made to me ; O Allah , if you allow this group of inhabitants of Islam to be killed , then after it , prayers for you will cease on this earth . ' The editorial reminds readers : ‘ This handful of 313 Muslims forced the army of the infidels of Mecca to lick dust in the field of Badr . This first battle is the point of the beginning of the philosophy of jihad . '
With the rise of Islamic State ( ISIS ) in Syria , many Indian Muslims have been attracted to the call for jihad , which makes it a sensitive issue and a concern for the security of India . But the Patna-based daily deemed it appropriate to laud the battle , noting : ‘ 1,400 years have passed since the War of Badr but its memory refreshes the faith and belief of Muslims even today . ' The piece also observes that the Qur'an praises Ghazwa-e-Badr as ‘ Yaum-ul-Furqan ' , or a day that differentiates between truth and falsehood .
The editorial describes it as a war between good and bad , polytheism and tauheed ( Islamic monotheism ) , Islam and Kufr , truth and falsehood . It speaks of how Prophet Muhammad woke up his fighters in the morning of 17 Ramzan and ‘ after the morning prayers recited the [ Quranic ] verses on jihad and delivered such a soul-stirring motivational speech that droplets and droplets of blood in the veins of the head-sacrificers of Islam became the ocean of energy and force , turning into stormy waves . ' Roznama Sangam is not the only example of this .
On 23 June , Roznama Inquilab , an Urdu daily that 's influential in Maharashtra , also published an article written by Kamran Ghani Saba to mark Ghazwa-e-Badr . This write-up preaches jihad and suicide attacks , and advocates killing anyone for blasphemy against Prophet Muhammad . At the Battle of Badr , it notes , many Muslims fought against their ‘ extremely close relatives ' who had not converted to Islam . It praises their ‘ spirit of jihad ' , noting an incident as per which a companion of the Prophet , Umar bin Jam , was eating dates when he heard the Prophet 's call and plunged headlong into a suicide mission , saying to himself : “ Wow , wow , between me and paradise , the only time [ left to elapse is the period before ] they kill me. ” And he was indeed killed .
IT SHOULD BE borne in mind that the principle of blasphemy against Prophet Muhammad often invites murder by almost all Islamic groups , Shia or Sunni , Barelvi or Deobandi . For example , Imam Khomeini of Iran issued a fatwa ( decree ) of death against Salman Rushdie . Two brothers owing allegiance to Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) shot dead the editors of Charlie Hebdo in Paris . Malik Mumtaz Qadri , an elite Pakistani commando owing allegiance to the Barelvi group Dawat-e-Islami , assassinated Punjab 's liberal governor Salman Taseer for advocating the reform of blasphemy laws . By the same theological token , Islamic clerics of Bijnor led by Maulana Anwarul Haq Sadiq publicly issued a reward of Rs 51 lakh for anyone who could kill Kamlesh Tiwari , whether in prison or outside , for blasphemy .
The Roznama Inquilab article lauds two ‘ kamsin bachche ' ( kids ) , M'az bin Umar and M'az Ufr , for attacking Abu Jehl , a noted critic of Prophet Muhammad , for blasphemy . The daily praises the two as ‘ nanhe mujahid ' ( child fighters ) and notes that their love for the Prophet is missing from the life of Muslims in present times . The Urdu newspaper reminds its readers : ‘ Ghazwa-e-Badr was not simply a war between Islam and Kufr , but there was an eternal message in it for the world ... ' It urges readers to follow this message , observing : ‘ We will have to rise above mere verbal claims and advance at the practical level . Allah 's aid will be available to us . '
On the same day , Roznama Sahafat , which is published from Mumbai , New Delhi and Lucknow , carried a half-page article written by Allama Pir Muhammad Tabassum Bashir Owaisi , titled : ‘ The First War between Islam and Kufr Took Place on 17th Ramzan : The First Battle of Islam , Ghazwa-e-Badr . ' The author 's title of ‘ Pir ' suggests that he could be a Sufi . ‘ Allah has ensured the identification of everything by birthing its opposite [ such as Islam being the opposite of Kufr ] , ' the article says , adding , ‘ Ghazwa-e- Badr too is the second name for the crushing of the falsehood and advancement of the truth . ' It goes into great details of the battle and the Muslim strategy for it .
Observing that the inhabitants of Mecca were persecuting and occupying the property of new converts to Islam , the author writes : ‘ Therefore , it was necessary to teach them a lesson . Therefore , Muslims attacked many caravans of the Quraysh [ dominant tribe of Mecca ] and the Prophet , peace be upon him , used to himself go out with Muslims [ to attack the Meccan traders going to Syria ] . He used to chase and attack the caravans and seize their goods . Otherwise too , the infidels are enemies of Allah and their properties… are Halal [ permissible as per Shariah ] for Allah 's friends , in other words , for Muslims . ' The author cites Islamic jurists as saying that for Muslims the ‘ most legitimate halaal thing ' is maal- e-ghanimat ( goods seized from non-Muslims ) , followed by profits earned from trade , especially of clothes , followed by profits from agricultural activities , followed by income from work done by one 's own hand—in that order .
Allama Pir Owaisi—who quotes German war theorist Clausewitz , French military general Napoleon and Chinese war strategist Sun Tzu in his article about the need for offensive war—goes on to unwittingly present an image of Muslims as robbers out to ambush infidels , noting : ‘ [ The Prophet ] ... and his companions used to lie in wait for the trading caravans [ of Meccans to pass by ] . ' The author motivates Muslims to sacrifice their lives for the cause of jihad by quoting Saad bin M'az , who he writes told the prophet on the eve of Ghazwa-e-Badr : “ If you order us to jump into the ocean , we all will jump into the ocean and none of us will be left behind. ” The long article also uses a couplet to exhort Muslims to pursue the cause : ‘ Create the environment of Badr , because the angels for your aid ; Will come down , in rows after rows even now . '
Pressure from government officials and eminent researchers appears to have pushed a federal agency to postpone enforcement action on violations it found in a government-financed experiment on extremely premature babies .
The agency , which polices ethics in health studies , says the controversy over the study of preemies highlights a “ fundamental difference between the obligations of clinicians and those of researchers . ”
That ethics body , called the Office for Human Research Protections , is part of the Department of Health and Human Services . The sponsor of the controversial experiment , the National Institutes of Health , is also part of HHS . Officials at both HHS and NIH provided “ input ” leading to the office 's delay in enforcement .
> > > Part 2 of 3 : The ethics of the individual good and the greater good . Read Part 1 : Did government 's experiment on preemies hide risks ?
At issue is SUPPORT , a study in which researchers at two dozen academic institutions randomly manipulated the oxygen levels of 1,316 extremely premature infants without providing their parents the full details of the methods and risks .
The view of the HHS ethics office , directed by Dr. Jerry Menikoff , is that although medical doctors act in the best interest of individual patients , researchers do not .
Rather , researchers focus on what they consider the greater good . But as a trade-off , researchers must tell study participants about all the risks .
Dr. Michael Carome , a senior leader in the HHS ethics agency before joining the consumer watchdog group Public Citizen in 2011 , is among critics who suggest SUPPORT researchers overlooked risks to induce parents to sign up .
Before the multiyear study , Carome says , the link between lower oxygen and death in preemies already was well known to researchers and widely published—and should have been disclosed to the study parents .
“ Too often , there 's a tremendous tendency to minimize risks , overstate benefits , and downplay the experimental nature of research either unknowingly or intentionally to try to make sure you can recruit subjects quickly and complete the experiment , ” Carome says .
Researchers conducted the SUPPORT study , which cost taxpayers $ 20.8 million , from 2005 through 2009 . The acronym stands for “ Surfactant , Positive Airway Pressure , and Pulse Oximetry Randomized Trial . ”
SUPPORT scientists and their advocates are adamant that the risk of death for the preemies was unforeseeable .
“ We have adhered to the highest ethical principles , and we will continue to work to ensure that known potential risks are described in our consent forms , ” Dr. Waldemar Carlo , the lead researcher , wrote last year to the New England Journal of Medicine , which published the study in 2010 .
In an April 2013 letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , however , Public Citizen demanded that the government address alleged ethical lapses and apologize to the study families . In a follow-up letter Jan. 27 , the liberal-leaning watchdog group said the design of the study was unethical because it lacked a control group to compare with the study babies and failed to adequately monitor their safety .
Government vs. Government
The entire dispute might be little more than an academic debate if it were n't for one crucial factor : The Office for Human Research Protections , the ethics body within HHS , ruled that the consent process for the study violated federal regulations designed to protect human research subjects .
“ The consent was significantly deficient , ” Menikoff , director of the ethics office , says .
His office sent a stern letter to SUPPORT researchers on March 7 , 2013 stating consent forms signed by parents of the preemies “ failed to describe the reasonably foreseeable risks of blindness , neurological damage and death . ”
It was a bombshell .
One agency within HHS , the ethics office , had slapped another , NIH , with a formal ethics violation . This unleashed a torrent of pushback .
Little more than three months later , the ethics office appeared to back down . In a follow-up letter , it formally suspended corrective action or punishment .
“ There 's no doubt in my mind that intense political pressure was brought to bear ” from an academic research establishment that is dependent on the government , Carome says , and that senior leadership at HHS “ bowed ” to it . Having previously worked in the ethics office for 13 years , the director of Public Citizen 's Health Research Group is familiar with agency politics .
‘ Adverse Implications for Research '
Internal government emails recently obtained by Public Citizen through Freedom of Information Act request only add fuel to suspicions of political interference .
Bioethicist Ruth Macklin , a professor at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx , says the emails strongly suggest that NIH officials “ launched an aggressive campaign to undermine ” the ethics investigation into the SUPPORT test— “ and regrettably found several willing partners for this campaign at the highest levels ” of HHS .
The emails show that , as senior NIH officials were trying to tamp down the ethics probe , they also were orchestrating a defensive commentary to be published in the New England Journal of Medicine last June .
Meanwhile , 45 research scholars and ethicists exerted additional pressure on the ethics office in a separate letter , urging that the agency withdraw its finding of a violation . “ We believe that this conclusion was a substantive error and will have adverse implications for future research , ” they wrote .
Two weeks ago , on May 20 , Public Citizen and nine prominent scholars called on the HHS Office of Inspector General to investigate whether officials at NIH and HHS improperly interfered with the ethics body 's probe of the experiment on preemies .
In a statement , HHS said : “ In the process of drafting its follow-up letter , OHRP [ the ethics body ] received input from HHS leadership , as well as NIH . ”
An HHS spokesman would not directly answer last week when asked whether senior officials improperly intervened to convince the ethics office to suspend corrective action or punishment . Instead , the spokesman said the office 's original finding of a violation was made independently .
Lessons of Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment
Modern rules for research on humans were forged after the U.S. government 's Tuskegee syphilis experiment on black men in 1932 entitled , “ Tuskegee Study of Untreated Syphilis in the Negro Male. ” For 40 years , test subjects were n't told they were part of a study , nor were they treated for their syphilis even after penicillin was determined to be a cure in 1947 .
When a series of Associated Press reports exposed the study in 1972 , an outcry led to new rules intended to prevent a repeat of the Tuskegee mistakes . Those rules mandate voluntary , informed consent from all human test subjects .
As part of the consent process , scientists must tell participants about the risks of the studies and get their written consent . Additionally , special panels of experts called Institutional Review Boards at universities and other facilities conducting the studies must approve the designs and consent forms .
Now , 42 years after the Tuskegee experiment ended , the NIH-funded study of preemies has reopened painful wounds and raised questions about whether protections for human test subjects are fundamentally flawed . More than 20 Institutional Review Boards at prestigious facilities such as Duke University Hospital and Yale University School of Medicine had approved the study and consent forms .
How could they all have made , in the opinion of the HHS ethics office , such critical errors ?
“ I do n't think this is ethically as troubling , as bothersome , as many of the critics do , ” says Arthur Caplan , a noted ethicist at NYU who defends the SUPPORT researchers .
‘ A Little Bit of the Unknown '
Caplan argues that the study babies had the same “ standard of care ” as the non-study babies because their oxygen levels never deviated from the generally accepted range . The study posed minimal risk , he says , because it was merely “ fine-tuning ” a treatment rather than testing an experimental drug or brand-new treatment .
“ If SUPPORT is truly a study involving accepted standard of care , then there is a low bar for informed consent , ” Caplan says , adding : “ In health care , each one of us is a little bit of a subject whether we like it or not . There 's always a little bit of the unknown and there 's always a little bit of research behind every medical intervention . ”
In his letter of defense , Carlo , the lead SUPPORT researcher , wrote : “ Ill-informed allegations create unwarranted apprehension that serves no one . We provided parents with the information known at the time , which did not indicate an increased risk of death resulting from assignment to either treatment group . ”
Also defending the study and his agency 's role in it is Dr. Alan Guttmacher . He leads the branch of NIH that approved and funded SUPPORT : the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Research Network .
Guttmacher argues that the experiment added to the body of knowledge on the subject and already has helped in the treatment of other preemies .
“ We stand by this study as it was conducted and look for ways to do research even better , if there is a better way to do it , in the future , ” the NIH official says .
Next : The global debate that 's prompted re-examination of how scientists seek consent in conducting tests on human subjects .
Walter Scott
`` Ellens dritter Gesang '' ( `` Ellens Gesang III '' , D. 839 , Op . 52 , No . 6 , 1825 ) , in English : `` Ellen 's Third Song '' , was composed by Franz Schubert in 1825 as part of his Opus 52 , a setting of seven songs from Walter Scott 's popular epic poem The Lady of the Lake , loosely translated into German .
It has become one of Schubert 's most popular works , recorded by a wide variety and large number of singers , under the title of Ave Maria ( after Ellen 's song , which is a prayer to the Virgin Mary ) , in arrangements with various lyrics which commonly differ from the original context of the poem . It was arranged in three versions for piano by Franz Liszt . [ 1 ]
The Lady of the Lake and the `` Ave Maria '' [ edit ]
The piece was composed as a setting of a song ( verse XXIX from Canto Three ) from Walter Scott 's popular epic poem The Lady of the Lake , [ 2 ] in a German translation by Adam Storck [ de ] ( 1780–1822 ) , [ 3 ] and thus forms part of Schubert 's Liederzyklus vom Fräulein vom See . In Scott 's poem the character Ellen Douglas , the Lady of the Lake ( Loch Katrine in the Scottish Highlands ) , has gone with her exiled father to stay in the Goblin 's cave as he has declined to join their previous host , Roderick Dhu , in rebellion against King James . Roderick Dhu , the chieftain of Clan Alpine , sets off up the mountain with his warriors , but lingers and hears the distant sound of the harpist Allan-bane , accompanying Ellen who sings a prayer addressed to the Virgin Mary , calling upon her for help . Roderick Dhu pauses , then goes on to battle . [ 4 ]
Schubert 's arrangement is said to have first been performed at the castle of Countess Sophie Weissenwolff in the little Austrian town of Steyregg and dedicated to her , which led to her becoming known as `` the lady of the lake '' herself . [ 5 ]
The opening words and refrain of Ellen 's song , namely `` Ave Maria '' ( Latin for `` Hail Mary '' ) , may have led to the idea of adapting Schubert 's melody as a setting for the full text of the traditional Roman Catholic prayer `` Ave Maria '' . The Latin version of the `` Ave Maria '' is now so frequently used with Schubert 's melody that it has led to the misconception that he originally wrote the melody as a setting for the `` Ave Maria '' .
Position within the cycle [ edit ]
In 1825 , Schubert composed a selection of seven songs from Scott 's The Lady of the Lake . They were published in 1826 as his Opus 52 .
The songs are not intended for a single performer : the three songs of Ellen are piano songs for a woman 's voice , while the songs for Norman and the Count of Douglas were intended for the baritone Johann Michael Vogl . The remaining two songs are written one for a male and the other for a female ensemble .
`` Ellens Gesang I '' , D. 837 , Raste Krieger , Krieg ist aus / `` Soldier rest ! the warfare o'er '' `` Ellens Gesang II '' , D. 838 , Jäger , ruhe von der Jagd / `` Huntsman , rest ! thy chase is done '' `` Bootgesang '' , D. 835 , Triumph , er naht / `` Hail to the chief '' , for male voice quartet `` Coronach '' ( Deathsong of the women and girls ) , D. 836 , Er ist uns geschieden / `` He is gone to the mountain '' , for female choir `` Normans Gesang '' , D. 846 , Die Nacht bricht bald herein ( `` Night will soon be falling '' ) `` Ellens Gesang III '' ( Hymn to the Virgin ) , D. 839 , Ave Maria ! Jungfrau mild ! / `` Ave Maria ! maiden mild ! '' `` Lied des gefangenen Jägers '' , D. 843 , Mein Roß so müd / `` My steed is tired ''
Schubert composed the songs to the German texts . However , with the exception of No . 5 , the songs were clearly intended to be published with the original English texts as well . This meant finding correspondences to Storck 's sometimes quite free translations , which entailed significant difficulties .
Lyrics [ edit ]
Storck 's translation used by Schubert `` Hymn to the Virgin '' by Sir Walter Scott [ 6 ] Ave Maria ! Jungfrau mild ,
Erhöre einer Jungfrau Flehen ,
Aus diesem Felsen starr und wild
Soll mein Gebet zu dir hin wehen .
Wir schlafen sicher bis zum Morgen ,
Ob Menschen noch so grausam sind .
O Jungfrau , sieh der Jungfrau Sorgen ,
O Mutter , hör ein bittend Kind !
Ave Maria !
Ave Maria ! Unbefleckt !
Wenn wir auf diesen Fels hinsinken
Zum Schlaf , und uns dein Schutz bedeckt
Wird weich der harte Fels uns dünken .
Du lächelst , Rosendüfte wehen
In dieser dumpfen Felsenkluft ,
O Mutter , höre Kindes Flehen ,
O Jungfrau , eine Jungfrau ruft !
Ave Maria !
Ave Maria ! Reine Magd !
Der Erde und der Luft Dämonen ,
Von deines Auges Huld verjagt ,
Sie können hier nicht bei uns wohnen ,
Wir woll'n uns still dem Schicksal beugen ,
Da uns dein heil'ger Trost anweht ;
Der Jungfrau wolle hold dich neigen ,
Dem Kind , das für den Vater fleht .
Ave Maria ! Ave Maria ! maiden mild !
Listen to a maiden 's prayer !
Thou canst hear though from the wild ;
Thou canst save amid despair .
Safe may we sleep beneath thy care ,
Though banish 'd , outcast and reviled –
Maiden ! hear a maiden 's prayer ;
Mother , hear a suppliant child !
Ave Maria !
Ave Maria ! undefiled !
The flinty couch we now must share
Shall seem with down of eider piled ,
If thy protection hover there .
The murky cavern 's heavy air
Shall breathe of balm if thou hast smiled ;
Then , Maiden ! hear a maiden 's prayer ,
Mother , list a suppliant child !
Ave Maria !
Ave Maria ! stainless styled .
Foul demons of the earth and air ,
From this their wonted haunt exiled ,
Shall flee before thy presence fair .
We bow us to our lot of care ,
Beneath thy guidance reconciled ;
Hear for a maid a maiden 's prayer ,
And for a father hear a child !
Ave Maria !
Latin Catholic prayer version Ave Maria , gratia plena ,
Maria , gratia plena ,
Maria , gratia plena ,
Ave , Ave , Dominus ,
Dominus tecum .
Benedicta tu in mulieribus , et benedictus ,
Et benedictus fructus ventris ( tui ) ,
Ventris tui , Jesus .
Ave Maria !
Sancta Maria , Mater Dei ,
Ora pro nobis peccatoribus ,
Ora , ora pro nobis ;
Ora , ora pro nobis peccatoribus ,
Nunc et in hora mortis ,
In hora mortis nostrae .
In hora , hora mortis nostrae ,
In hora mortis nostrae .
Ave Maria ! Hail Mary , full of grace ,
Mary , full of grace ,
Mary , full of grace ,
Hail , Hail , the Lord
The Lord is with thee .
Blessed art thou among women , and blessed ,
Blessed is the fruit of thy womb ,
Thy womb , Jesus .
Hail Mary !
Holy Mary , Mother of God ,
Pray for us sinners ,
Pray , pray for us ;
Pray for us sinners ,
Now , and at the hour of our death ,
The hour of our death .
The hour , the hour of our death ,
The hour of our death .
Hail Mary !
Use in Disney 's Fantasia [ edit ]
Walt Disney used Schubert 's song in the final part of his 1940 film Fantasia , where he linked it to Modest Mussorgsky 's Night on Bald Mountain in one of his most famous pastiches . The end of Mussorgsky 's work blends with almost no break into the beginning of Schubert 's song , and as Deems Taylor remarked , the bells in Night on Bald Mountain , originally meant to signal the coming of dawn , which cause the demon Chernobog to stop his dark worship and the ghosts to return to the grave , now seem to be church bells signalling the beginning of religious services . A procession of monks is shown walking along . The text for this version is sung in English , and was written by Rachel Field . [ 7 ] This version also had three stanzas , like Schubert 's original , but only the third stanza made it into the film ( one line in the last stanza is partially repeated to show how it is sung in the film ) :
Ave Maria !
Now your ageless bell
so sweetly sounds for listening ears ,
from heights of Heaven to brink of Hell
in tender notes have echoed through the years .
Aloft from earth 's far boundaries
Each poor petition , every prayer ,
the hopes of foolish ones and wise
must mount in thanks or grim despair .
Ave Maria ! Ave Maria !
You were not spared
one pang of flesh , or mortal tear ;
So rough the paths your feet have shared ,
So great the bitter burden of your fear .
Your heart has bled with every beat .
In dust you laid your weary head ,
the hopeless vigil of defeat was yours
and flinty stone for bread
Ave Maria ! Ave Maria !
Heaven 's Bride .
The bells ring out in solemn praise ,
for you , the anguish and the pride .
The living glory of our nights , of our nights and days .
The Prince of Peace your arms embrace ,
while hosts of darkness fade and cower .
Oh save us , mother full of grace ,
In life and in our dying hour ,
Ave Maria !
The version heard in Fantasia was arranged by Leopold Stokowski especially for the film , and unlike the original , which is for a solo voice , is scored for soprano and mixed chorus , accompanied by the string section of the Philadelphia Orchestra . The soloist is Julietta Novis . The Ave Maria sequence was later featured in Very Merry Christmas Songs , which is part of Disney Sing-Along Songs , as a background movie for the song Silent Night .
Appearances [ edit ]
In the 1935 film Bride of Frankenstein , a hermit plays the piece on solo violin , which soothes the Creature .
In the 1944 Academy Award-winning film Going My Way , Metropolitan Opera singer Rise Stevens performs the piece with Bing Crosby and the Robert Mitchell Boy Choir . [ 8 ]
Yehudi Menuhin performs a version for violin and piano in the 1943 American musical film Stage Door Canteen .
The song was performed by tenor Luigi Vena at the funeral of American president John F . Kennedy . [ 9 ]
A significantly different version of the song , arranged by Yoko Kanno , was performed by Jerzy Knetig and the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra for the 1995 animé Cowboy Bebop , and was released on the soundtrack album Cowboy Bebop Blue in 1999 .
The hymn is popular in Ireland and featured in the 1996 Father Ted episode `` Cigarettes and Alcohol and Rollerblading . `` [ 10 ]
The 2016 science fiction film 2BR02B : To Be or Naught to Be , based on the story by Kurt Vonnegut , extensively uses the piece as diegetic music . The song 's placement in the film is timed so that the line `` Dem Kind , das für den Vater fleht '' ( `` And for a father hear a child ! '' ) is heard by the character Wehling , before he shoots himself in order to save his children . [ 11 ]
See also [ edit ]
LG 's new entry into the mid-sized tablet market , the G Pad 8.3 , will come to the manufacturer 's home country of Korea starting on October 14th . Taking to its blog , LG notes that the tablet will go on sale directly online as well as in malls and other shops in the country . But the sales wo n't stop there — just as it promised when the tablet was announced , LG plans to have the G Pad 8.3 on sale in 30 countries by year 's end .
With a Snapdragon 600 processor , 2GB of RAM , 1920 x 1200 8.3-inch display and several interesting software features that match up with LG 's recent phones , the G Pad 8.3 is likely to be a solid proposition for many . Pricing is set in Korea at 550,000 won ( about $ 515 USD ) , but official pricing is n't known yet for other markets .
If you need a refresher on what this tablet is all about , be sure to check out our extensive hands-on from IFA 2013 below .
LG G Pad 8.3 hands-on
Source : LG ( Korean )
It is understandable that the public is disgusted with Washington ; they have every right to be . At a time when the country continues to suffer from the worst patch of unemployment since the Great Depression , the government is shut down over concerns about the budget deficit .
There is no doubt that the Republicans deserve the blame for the shutdown and the risk of debt default . They decided that it was worth shutting down the government and risking default in order stop Obamacare . That is what they said as loudly and as clearly as possible in the days and weeks leading up to the shutdown . In fact , this is what Senator Ted Cruz said for 21 straight hours on the floor of the US Senate .
Going to the wall for something that is incredibly important is a reasonable tactic . However , the public apparently did not agree with the Republicans . Polls show that they overwhelmingly oppose their tactic of shutting down the government and risking default over Obamacare . As a result , the Republicans are now claiming that the dispute is actually over spending .
Anywhere outside of Washington DC and totalitarian states , you do n't get to rewrite history . However , given the national media 's concept of impartiality , they now feel an obligation to accept that the Republicans ' claim that this is a dispute over spending levels .
But that is only the beginning of the reason that people should detest budget reporters . The more important reason is that they have spread incredible nonsense about the deficit and spending problems facing the country , causing most of the public to be completely confused on these issues . If budget reporters were held to the same standards as school teachers , with the expectation that they would be able to convey information , they would all be fired in a minute .
Contrary to the widely repeated stories of out-of-control deficits and spending , deficits have plunged in the last four years falling from 10.1 % of GDP in 2009 to just 4 % of GDP in 2013 . The Congressional Budget Office projects the deficit to be just 3.4 % of GDP in 2014 . The latest projections show the debt-to-GDP ratio falling for the rest of the decade .
In other words , the story of out-of-control debts and deficits is just plain wrong . Less polite people would call it a lie , but it stands at the center of the public debate because the media consider it rude to point out a truth that would embarrass so many important politicians . The idea that we face a longer term deficit problem of enormous proportions has little better grounding in reality . First , it is worth noting that we have not had a constant upward path of spending as is widely asserted in Washington , and widely believed around the country , due to the incompetence of budget reporters .
During the Reagan presidency spending averaged more than 22 % of GDP , peaking at 23.5 % in 1985 . This year it is projected to be 21.6 % of GDP . The latest CBO projections show spending rising back to Reagan era levels towards the end of the 10-year budget window .
Over a longer term , spending is projected to rise further due to projections of rising health care costs and a growing interest burden , which is the result of a growing debt . The deficit fear mongers like to hype these projections of large deficits decades in the future to advance their agenda of cutting Social Security and Medicare .
The reality is that the story of exploding interest burdens is utter nonsense since there is zero precedent for the country ever allowing the debt to expand in this way . This makes as much sense as arguing that someone drive west in New Jersey risks falling into the Pacific Ocean . People driving west in New Jersey invariably turn or park their cars before ending up in the Pacific Ocean and the United States has always taken measures to reduce deficits long before they posed a fundamental threat to the economy .
The real question is why the primary ( ie non-interest ) deficit rises and this is the story of the broken US healthcare system . We pay twice as much per person for our health care as the average for other rich countries , with nothing to show for this money in terms of outcomes . We pay 2.5 times as much as the UK . If our costs were at all in line with those in other wealthy countries , we would be looking at explosive budget surpluses running into the trillions of dollars annually .
This fact raises the obvious question , why are projections of deficits based on unaffordable healthcare costs always treated in the media as a basis for cutting benefits to seniors rather than a reason for cutting payments to providers like doctors , drug companies , and medical device companies ?
There is no explanation except the bias of the media . Obviously they identify much more with rich doctors and the people who profit from the bloated prices charged in the United States by drug companies and medical equipment providers than with the seniors who are dependent on Social Security and Medicare .
Yes , the public has every right to be disgusted .
Are government cyberoperations safe when they involve people from the private sector ? That 's the question raised by the indictment of former National Security Agency contractor Harold Martin on 20 counts of obtaining and keeping national defense information .
While Martin held various security clearances – including top secret – between 1993 and his arrest in August 2016 , he worked for seven different private companies that did contract work for the government .
Meanwhile , he was hoarding government documents , lots of them . At some point , he allegedly stole three-quarters of the hacking tools used by the NSA 's elite Tailored Access Operations unit . The indictment does n't say Martin sold or handed the stolen data to anyone , but a group called Shadow Brokers recently offered some of the NSA 's top-secret tools for sale – and then “ went dark , ” claiming it had n't found a buyer .
Bringing talented civilians into cyberintelligence work is tempting , but dangerous . Sure , it avoids some of the rigors of hiring government staffers – in 2014 , Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey lamented that his agency could n't find enough hackers to hire because many of them “ want to smoke weed on the way to the interview. ” It also lowers overhead costs , and allows for more budget flexibility through project-based employment .
But the convergence between the private sector and intelligence services has too often led to costly security breaches , from Edward Snowden to Martin – at least , according to the indictment .
Of course , career officers can steal and leak secret information , too – double agents and moles do n't only exist in spy novels . But the fact remains that intelligence professionals have n't been apprehended or faulted in any recent cybersecurity fiascos .
So is there an inherent danger in inducting talented civilians from the private sector into cyberintelligence work ?
The community from which many highly skilled techies spring is by nature anarchic . Disrespect for authority and reverence for technical prowess over traditional intelligence methods are common values . They are also values not shared with agency employees enjoying excellent benefits while building long-term careers and comfortable retirements .
Russia is also learning the dangers of working with freelancers , as we learned from recent arrests of a group of Russian intelligence officers and civilians allegedly involved in running an information-selling scheme .
The Moscow investigations involve a hacking group called Shaltai Boltai , or Humpty Dumpty , which had for years harvested compromising material on Russian officials , some of it by hacking emails . It allegedly published some of the stolen information as teasers and sold the rest .
According to a member of the group who is still free and applying for political asylum in Estonia , the group began cooperating recently with members of the FSB , the Russian domestic intelligence service . It 's not clear whether the several FSB officers arrested at the same time as most of Shaltai Boltai were working together . At least one of them was a former “ black hat ” hacker : Dmitry Dokuchaev , who , according to some reports , was blackmailed into working for the FSB after government employees showed him evidence of his exploits under his handle , Forb .
The FSB was clearly playing with fire when it hired a known hacker , something that is n't standard U.S. practice as far as we know . But the lessons are the same .
Steven Bay , the Booz Allen manager working on an NSA project who hired Snowden , addressed the contractor problem in a recent article for The Cipher Brief . He argued that the economic and skill-related benefits of hiring private labor were too big for governments to pass up . But , he wrote : “ It may be smart for the government to more tightly control access to highly sensitive programs by only allowing government employees access and preventing contractors from essentially being long-term staff-augmentation . ”
Snowden , according to Bay , was essentially part of an NSA team , sharing its staff members ' access privileges . Apparently that was also the case with Martin ; otherwise he would n't have gotten to the Tailored Access Operations toolkit . And in Moscow , Dokuchaev was treated as an insider despite his dubious induction history .
According to cybersecurity professionals , insiders present the greatest threat of security breaches . In the case of intelligence agencies , it seems that the biggest danger comes from semi-insiders – those who do not share the organization 's ethos and goals but possess rare skills it can use .
The special services need to consider the tricky trade-off between those skills and loyalty .
Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist .
We 've pulled together some of the most extreme photographic lenses ever made . Sure , the military or other big corporations may have even crazier glass ( NASA , we 're looking at you ) , but we tried to stick with rangefinder , medium format and SLR compatible optics big-spending photographers could actually buy .
Zeiss Apo Sonnar T * 1700mm , f/4 Popular Photography
When it comes to lenses without mirrors , the Zeiss Apo Sonnar T * 1700mm , f/4 lens is a front-runner-at least among non-military lenses ( we never did apply for Top Secret clearance ) . Announced and exhibited at the 2006 Photokina , this monster was designed and produced for a `` customer with very high demands and a special interest in long distance wildlife photography . '' We have n't been able to find out who the customer was—or whether anyone else has ordered this lens—but the lens features Arabic lettering and an emblem of the State of Qatar , one of the Arab emirates . Not surprisingly , the lens dwarfs the Hasselblad 203FE 6x6cm medium format camera it was designed to be paired with to such an extent that we did n't notice that the Hassy was attached in the photo . The lens utilizes 15 optical elements in 13 groups , with some of the lens blanks weighing more than 55 pounds each , resulting in a gargantuan lens that tips the scales at a monstrous 564 pounds—not the kind of lens you want to move very often , if at all . Even more challenging is operating the lens , a challenge that Zeiss met by developing special servo-controlled aiming and focusing systems , sort of like those used for mega-telescopes . To top it off , the lens is quite beautiful in design .
Canon EF 1200mm f/5.6L USM Popular Photography
Although it did n't go to the same extreme as Carl Zeiss ' monster lens , it 's still one of the longest—and , at $ 80,000 ( no discounts ) , one of the most expensive lenses ever made . Originally developed with an FD mount for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , five lenses were made available for newspaper , magazine and wire service coverage of the games . After that , the lenses were shipped back to Canon , Inc. in Japan , only to re-appear in the late 1980 's with an EF mount . Over the years , several new batches of the lens were manufactured but only in small quantities . Essentially the lenses were handmade , which certainly influenced the limited availability and the extreme retail price , but even more importantly , the fact that it took almost a full year to grow fluorite crystals large enough to create the lens elements also kept production numbers low and the price high . During production , some of the EF 1200mm lenses were purchased by news and sports magazines as well as newspaper and wire services internationally and were used to capture images of Papal elections in Rome , the Olympics , major league baseball , the World Cup , Formula One motorsports , among other important events . Other copies of the lenses went to various governments ( no surprise there ) and law enforcement agencies . According to Canon , at least a couple of lenses were purchased by private photographers . If you were a member of Canon 's CPS ( Canon Professional Services ) program , you might have had the chance to borrow one . If not , you 're out of luck . Finding a used version is almost impossible and Canon stopped its extremely limited production several years ago .
Sigma 200-500mm f/2.8 Popular Photography Buy
If you 've been to PMA ( the Photo Marketing Association ) tradeshow , you might have noticed a military green , humongous lens at Sigma 's booth . Announced and exhibited at the 2007 PMA , the Sigma 200-500mm f/2.8 ( which can be pumped up to 400-1000mm using the bundled 2x teleconverter ) , certainly does n't match the telephoto models mentioned above but it definitely sports kickass specs as the largest high speed zoom lens currently on the market . And with an MSRP of $ 38,000 ( $ 28,900 street ) it has the price to match . The lens weighs about 34.6 pounds ( that 's almost $ 1,000 per pound ) and measures 9.3 x 28.6 inches . The combination of telephoto capabilities and an f/2.8 aperture throughout the zoom range up to 500mm makes this a great lens for wildlife , sports and for you stargazers , astrophotography . `` Add the generically named `` Attachment '' and you get a focal range of 400-1000mm and an aperture of f/5.6 at 1000mm—which is still awesomely fast . '' A dedicated Li-ion battery , which is built into the lens barrel , powers the zoom and autofocus . Need to know the focusing and distance numbers ? Just check the lens ' built-in LCD . You can drop in 72mm filters at the rear of the lens barrel and there 's even a mechanism to position a circular polarizing lens just the way you want it . You 'll have to provide your own camouflage outfit if you plan on conducting special ops , though .
Canon 5200mm F/14 Mirror Lens Popular Photography
Using a group of mirrors and a housing that 's almost big enough to use as a coffin , Canon was able to stretch the focal-length on this SLR-specific lens to 5,150mm . Just how long does that make it ? The original Canon info sheet claims its best used for photographing obects 18 to 32 miles away . In fact , in order for it tobe able to focus at all , your subject will have to be at least 120 meters ( ~394 feet ) away . Even with the mirrors to help keep things compact ( at least compared to the previously mentioned 1,700mm Zeiss ) , the total package still weighs 220-pounds without the solid metal stand on which it 's intended to sit . The rest of the measurements are just as impressive , including its 20-inch height , 24-inch width and its massive 75.6-inch length . There 's currently a youtube video of it in action from a few months ago when one went up on ebay and sold for almost $ 50,000 .
Carl Zeiss ' 50mm Planar f/0.70 Popular Photography
The honor of the fastest lens goes to Carl Zeiss ' 50mm Planar f/0.70 lens . This specialty lens was used to take the first images of the dark side of the moon , rumor has it that Stanley Kubrick adapted the lens for moviemaking and shot some of the gorgeous candlelit scenes in Barry Lyndon .
Canon S-type 50mm f/0.95 Popular Photography
Slightly more conventional , at least for photographic purposes , the Canon S-type 50mm lens featured an f/0.95 aperture . Four times faster than the human eye , the lens was the fastest photographic lens in the world at the time . Although an SLR version was never made , it was introduced in 1961 for Canon 's 35mm rangefinder models . Considered to be one of the `` standard '' lenses for the Canon 7 rangefinder , the 50mm lens utilized a clip-on mount with a three-lug bayonet system . It was a Gauss type lens ( derived from a design patented in the 1800 's by Alvan G. Clark , in which he used two Gaussian telescope lenses opposite each other with a diaphragm between them to correcting aberrations ) and consisted of several elements in five groups . Canon discontinued the 50mm , f/0.95 lens—along with its rangefinders—in the early 1970 's . Back then , the retail price for the lens in Japan was 57,000 yen or about $ 1,150 in today 's dollars .
Leica Noctilux-M 50mm f/.95 Popular Photography Buy
In 1975 , shortly after Canon discontinued its 50mm , f/0.95 lens , Leica introduced Noctilux-M 50mm f/1 ASPH lens . Following up on that achievement , Leica currently offers the world 's fastest aspherical lens-the Noctilux-M 50mm f/0.95 . Dubbed the `` King of the Night , '' this lens offers an 11 % increase in light gathering capacity over its predecessor with only a very minor gain in size . As its `` M '' designation implies , the Noctilux is compatible with all Leica M-mount cameras and can even be used with Micro Four Thirds models using a Panasonic DMW-MA2M adapter . Obviously , this is a great lens for low light and for extremely shallow depth-of-field shots . When we posted this article , the lens was not yet available but once it ships , you 'll be able to pick one up for a cool street price of about $ 10,500 .
Nikon 6mm F/2.8 Fisheye Popular Photography
Nikon 's 6mm—the world 's first lens with a viewing angle of 220 degrees—gave new meaning to the old adage of having eyes in the back of one 's head . An f/5.6 version was released in 1969 , with AI and AIS versions following later . But it 's the second generation , non-AI f/2.8 model that is the kicker of the group . Not only was it fast but no mirror lock up was required for this retrofocus design , which featured direct reflex viewing and true TTL metering . The 6mm lens produced a circular image and could focus down to 0.25m ( 0.9 ft ) . Forget about putting a filter on the front of this bulbous piece of glass ; instead , Nikon designed a unique built-in filter system for the lens , so photographers had access to skylight , medium yellow , deep yellow , orange and red filters . Used for scientific , industrial and special effects photography , the f/2.8 non-AI lens was available only by special order . It cost about $ 6,000 when released in the mid-1970 's , a bargain by today 's standards . You can grab a used version of this baby for $ 34,290 ( plus $ 150 shipping ) on eBay-including case , front and rear caps .
Sigma 4.5mm f/2.8 EX DC HSM circular fisheye Popular Photography Buy
Currently , Sigma offers a couple of interesting extreme wide angle lenses-4.5mm f/2.8 EX DC HSM circular fisheye lens and the AF 8-16mm f/4.5-5.6 DC HSM lens , both of which are readily available to photographers right now . The former offers a close-up focusing distance of 5.3 inches and , like Nikon 's 6mm lens , is used for scientific applications as well as more creative photography . It 's a lot smaller , lighter and less expensive too ; the MSRP is $ 1,500 but you can probably pick it up for less .
Get our Newsletter Sign up for Popular Photography 's weekly email and never miss another story . By submitting above , you agree to Popular Photography 's privacy policy .
After ethics officials blocked the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) from firing a woman who refused to lie for top bosses , the bosses took a different tack : paying her $ 305,000 to quit and agree not to apply to the VA again .
Her bosses tried to force Rosayma Lopez to write a critical report to be used to terminate Joseph Colon , who had exposed the drunk-driving and illegal-prescription drug arrest of Dewayne Hamlin , director of the VA 's hospital in San Juan .
When Lopez said she would stick to the facts , her bosses filed the termination paperwork intended for Colon against her instead .
After she sought protection from the Office of Special Counsel ( OSC ) , a federal agency that investigates whistleblower retaliation in government , OSC ordered VA to restore Lopez to her job . But VA refused , instead paying her to sit at home for nine months .
When OSC reiterated the demand , VA reluctantly restored her job , but then offered her $ 150,000 to quit and agree not to re-apply . Lopez declined the offer , which she had never requested , and made clear she just wanted to keep her job .
Lopez 's job involves processing Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests , so VA officials worried she could disclose embarrassing information to future requesters . She was assigned a new boss , who insisted on handling FOIA responses himself , by telling requesters they would be charged thousands or tens of thousands of dollars . To justify the exorbitant charges , he claimed that simple requests that would take five minutes to fulfill would require dozens of hours of top staffers ' time .
Lopez was also moved into a trailer without basic equipment needed to do her job like a scanner . She applied for an identical job at another VA hospital , but was never interviewed . The settlement offer was upped to $ 305,000 .
The $ 305,000 offer is still on the table , but Lopez must weigh it against the loss of health insurance and a pension , and the moral implications of taking money to go away quietly after witnessing misconduct .
The offer is remarkable , because the VA officials it appears designed to protect — those who are seeking her ouster — have faced no discipline or other consequences , despite repeated declarations by department leaders in Washington , D.C. that retaliation against whistle blowers will not be tolerated .
Financial settlements with employees are generally signed by someone in the department headquarters , but VA spokesman James Hutton would not say if Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald supports the $ 305,000 payment to Lopez .
Spokesman Nick Schwellenbach told The Daily Caller News Foundation that OSC is n't a party to settlement offers , and simply relays management offers , so the complainant can decide on their own whether to accept them . He said investigations that would lead to OSC punishing retaliators , in cases where an agency refuses to punish its own managers , are separate and would take significantly longer .
“ Our first priority is to try to make a whistleblower whole . For many whistleblowers , that means simply getting back to work and that is what most settlements involve . There are situations , however , where the two parties negotiate the employee 's departure from the agency in exchange for agreed upon terms , ” Schwellenbach said .
Colon wrote to OSC expressing disappointment at its handling of the Lopez case .
“ I have the utmost respect for your office but I am truly disappointed that your office would accept any agreement that requires a whistleblower to resign from their job to protect unethical employees at the VA , ” Colon wrote .
“ There should be no discussions that require money in exchange for a whistleblower resignation . We should be embracing whistleblowers , and not trying to get rid of them . American taxpayer money should be used to treat Veterans , and to hold retaliators accountable and not used to silence whistleblowers , ” he wrote .
The Puerto Rico facility is among the most troubled VA hospitals in the country . As TheDCNF has previously reported , a convicted sex offender works in the facility 's human resources doling out employee discipline .
In addition , the supervisor of a major purchase office was hired only weeks after being released from federal prison for credit card theft .
And OSC found in 2015 that hospital staff left veterans lying in their own feces for days . The woman in charge of the troubled unit was subsequently promoted .
Follow Luke on Twitter . Send tips to luke @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Semi Final Tips – Fantasy Champions League Tips
The ‘ Champions ' League not just by name but also by nature as the Champions of Italy and Germany face the last seasons Champions League winners and one of the soon-to-be Champions of Spain .
Bayern Munich and Juventus have already secured the Bundesliga and Serie A titles respectively this year , whilst Barcelona sit two points clear of Real Madrid with three games left to play in La Liga .
Real Madrid meet Juventus in the semi-finals again for the first time since 2003 where goals from Trezeguet ( 2 ) , Del Piero and Nedvěd were enough to take the Bianconeri through 4-3 on aggregate .
Iker Casillas and Gigi Buffon are the only players from both clubs who took part in the 2003 semi-final and still remain in the squads to this date .
Bayern Munich make their forth straight semi-final appearance against Spanish giants Barcelona . The two sides meet for the third time at this stage , the previous two saw the German side progress and go on to lift the title .
This will be the first time that Pep Guardiola has faced Barcelona as an opposition manager after successful four years with the Spanish club .
Due to lack of teams to choose from , this week we 've taken a pick of one goalkeeper , defender , midfielder and striker from each fixture . We hope our Fantasy Champions League tips prove clinical to your teams at this stage in the competition .
[ mks_separator style= ” dashed ” height= ” 2″ ]
JUVENTUS VS REAL MADRID
[ mks_separator style= ” dashed ” height= ” 2″ ]
[ mks_col ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Goalkeeper – Gianluigi Buffon
Having already lifted the Serie A title , Gianluigi Buffon and the Old Lady enter this fixture full of confidence and with their attention focused solely on the Champions League .
Juventus have kept five clean sheets in their last six Champions League fixtures and will no doubt look to enforce their infamous anti-football approach this home tie , depriving their visitors of free flowing football .
Carlo Ancelotti has only managed to outwit the Italians in five of his 23 previous meetings and with just one loss in their last 54 competitive home games , they 'll look to make the home tie count .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Defender – Daniel Carvajal
Taking the Champions League form of Juventus and raising it are a Real Madrid side that have kept the ball out of the net in seven of their last eight fixtures in the competition .
Carvajal provides a cheap way in the Madrid back four and also packs a punch bombing up that right flank , picking up four assists in all competitions this season .
Although the away trip looks like a stern test of the current Champions , we think the full back has a good chance of a clean sheet and an assist across both legs .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ /mks_col ]
[ mks_col ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Midfielder – Gareth Bale
Back in the frame after his calf injury that kept him side lined for just under a month , Gareth Bale is one to watch , as the Welsh Wizard will look to shatter Buffon 's clean sheet record .
The former Spurs winger has the tendency to show up in the biggest of matches and picked up the ‘ winning goal ' in last season 's final against rivals Atletico Madrid .
Bale has tallied up three goals and three assists in his last six for Madrid and will try to use his trickery and speed to unlock the Italians defence and grab Madrid another important goal .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Striker – Carlos Tevez
If Juventus is to make any inroads and get to their first Champions League final in 12 years , then Carlos Tevez will more than likely play a decisive part in getting them there .
The striker has scored seven goals in his last eight starts for the Old Lady and is primed to be on the score sheet against the current Champions League holders Real Madrid .
As Spanish football goes , it 's often about how many you score rather than how many you concede and although Madrid have outscored their last opponents , they 've conceded four in their last two on the road .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ /mks_col ]
[ mks_separator style= ” dashed ” height= ” 2″ ]
BARCELONA VS BAYERN
[ mks_separator style= ” dashed ” height= ” 2″ ]
[ mks_col ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Goalkeeper – Manuel Neuer
Despite Barcelona 's excellent run of form that has seen them net 14 goals in just two games , we have reason to believe that backing Manuel Neuer could still prove a good decision .
Bayern have won their last three matches in all competitions against Barcelona and on all occasions the German number one managed to keep a clean sheet .
However , proceed with caution as the keeper will be coming up against one of the worlds most feared front three in two fixtures that will either make Neuer the hero or something far from it .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Defender – Dani Alves
Barcelona have not conceded in their past five matches and their defence is looking on top form , whether it 's solid enough to hold out the German 's though we 're not convinced .
If like us you do n't think this fixture will remain goalless , then the next best thing you can do defensively is choose a ‘ premium ' defender who poses strong attacking potential .
Dani Alves picked up two assists in Barcelona 's league win over Córdoba during the weekend making it three in his last four and his runs down the right and link up play with Messi are making him hard to ignore .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ /mks_col ]
[ mks_col ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Midfielder – Thomas Müller
Rested against Bayer Leverkusen over the weekend with the Bundesliga in the bag , Müller should be refreshed and ready for their tough fixtures against Barcelona .
Bayern has great history against Barcelona including their last knockout affair where they overwhelmed them and Müller was a star performer scoring three in two matches .
After his goal against Porto , Müller became the highest all-time German goal scorer in the Champions League . With a goal and two assists in his last match his form in this competition makes him a very viable option .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ mks_one_half ]
Striker – Luis Suárez
Tipped in the last Champions League article because of his form and two goals against PSG in the previous leg , Luis Suárez is on our radar again as his form has not curtailed .
After finding impeccable form over the last month , the Uruguayan has been tipped as the closest contender to the elite two of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi .
A superb hat-trick in Barcelona 's win over Córdoba keeps him in our thoughts . With 10 goals and four assists in his last eight games it makes him a genuine prospect ahead of Barcelona 's clash with the Bavarians .
[ /mks_one_half ]
[ /mks_col ]
There are two sentences I hear a lot about LARP .
It 's fucking childish . '' or You need to grow up and be an adult . ''
For starters : I 'm a realist . I know most people are close-minded , stupid and bitter , fixed on common notion of normality . '' They just do n't know better , in most cases it 's not their fault and I do n't think It 'll ever get better .
People are tolerant these days  but not because they understand the specific problem . They are tolerant of some things , because they 're told to be tolerant to these things , not because of a result of their own critical thinking .
But I sort of feel an urge to speak about why I do what I do , and why the sentences above are deeply wrong .
It 's not the internet trolling , what bothers me , I write this mostly because I 'm getting married after three awesome years of relationship , and yet some people close to me think I 'm not mature enough for this just because I 'm a larper .
( I hope my english is good enough to make my point . )
Fantasies are simply not only for children . It 's very huge mistake to banish it from an adult world . It is , it already was and will be part of our minds .
So , for the first one :
What 's the definition of childish ? '' I allways thought , that meaning of this word relates to social maturity and the way you handle your life and treat others , your behavior . Not the way you 're having fun .
I also know people , who thinks having fun is not mature , but that 's obviously nonsense , I 'll skip that .
All the fun we have has been developed from childish fun .
Is there any sort of fun , which is acceptable only , when children do it ? I say no . Adults entertain themselves EXACTLY the same way , as when they were kids . It does n't disappear , it just develops , gains complexity , grows up with people .
For example , child has fairy tales  books or movies . Adult has also books and movies filled with made up characters , just with different kind of superpowers . And more complex .
How 's little red riding hood or Harry Potter more silly or more made up than Superman ? Captain Nemo ? Sherlock Holmes ? In no way . The motive does n't matter . And the motive does n't need to be even real .
Does the majority of people think someone is silly or childish , when reading a Bible ? One of the stories in here is about the talking snake on a magical tree .
The reason , why an adult does n't find an amusement in child literature or movie , does n't lie in fantasy . I mean , not in fantasy itself  it lies in the way it was handled .
I could apply the same principle in every way of having fun .
So LARP battle is just more sophisticated form of running in the woods with stick in your hand .
But in running in the woods with a stick in my hand I do n't find any amusement . I need the fantasy developed -background , story , costume , organization , tactics ...
And when we speak about LARP battle particularly , your motivation in battle is the same , as when you play sports : You are enjoying competing , trying to win . Better team with better tactics wins .
For the second one :
When someone says that , he does n't really want me to be an adult , he wants me to stop doing what I like . Because LARPing does n't affect me being adult at all .
And if I 'd stop doing something I enjoy just because others said so , I would be stupid .
I 've grown up . I have job and I 've moved out of my parents 's house long ago . I 'm doing my best trying to be responsible , helpful , caring for others . I try to be tolerant and open minded , keep my word and allways be there for my friends .
Why does that matter , what I do in my spare time ? Is it enough to judge my entire personality ? There 's more about me , let me tell you , what LARPing gave me !
It gave me amusement , it gave my friends . It gave me my fiancé . It teached me how to work leather , how to sew cloth , and much more about history and artisan crafts . I 'm practically every day learning new stuff . I now know about bushcraft , survival techniques , old myths , special effects or how to make my own beef jerky . So many informations came to me through my hobby ! It also gave me long-term project , creative way to spend my evenings .
So I say : Fuck you . I 'm doing LARP . I 'm currently planning a wedding with my fiancé also . He is a wonderful man , AND most cunning orc in the Middle-earth .
And when we have kids , they sure would n't mind helping us slay the dragon with a foam sword .
The lairds came to warn us villagers to do as we were told . Then the lords came to warn us villagers to do as we were told . But we were in the fields building a rebellion .
We have now seen , on shaky mobile phone footage , the moment the British Empire finally ended . It ended with two guys on a rickshaw chasing 100 Labour MPs up Buchannan Street playing the Imperial March from Star Wars and informing bemused shoppers that their Imperial Masters Had Arrived . These imperial ‘ masters ' have no guns . They rule through deference . Without it they look exactly like what they are ; overpaid middle management on a team building away day . ( “ OK , to get the day started , an icebreaker . Let 's all try and walk up a normal street like we are normal people . No team , not like that . Like NORMAL people . ” )
The Daily Record looks on , its panties wet with excitement . “ It 's Gordon ! It 's Ed ! It 's John ! It 's Harriet ! ' . Never in the field of all human endeavour has the Daily Record seen such wonder – a hundred Labour MPs here ! How they must love us ! How bright must be a future illuminated by their radiating glory ! Do n't think , Scotland ; gawp .
Down the street a little , a young woman and her pal see Ed , Douglas and Johann radiating away . Spontaneously , armed with a mobile phone an pram they go for an interview . Douglas and Johann spout soundbites unrelated to the questions asked . Ed looks on blankly . Oh Britannia , once you conquered continents with your might . Now a lassie with a phone has you on the run .
The inky wing of the British Empire does not know what to do . Historians will psychoanalyse the columns of Alan Cochrane in the Telegraph , monitoring their descent from pompous , self-certain swagger to incoherent , panicked meltdown . The Times , the Scotsman , the Mail , the Express , all peer out at Scotland from behind their barbed wire . “ We 've threatened the price of beans , we 've threatened the cost of mortgages , we 've told them they wo n't have Strictly , we 've told them they ca n't have an NHS . That 's the sum total of their dreams and aspirations . So why wo n't these fuck Scots STAY DOWN ? ”
In a room behind a locked door , behind a policeman , behind a gate , behind another policeman , a group of millionaires get together . One , an old Etonian , nominally runs the country . The others , the CEOs of big corporations , actually run the country . They decide on a strategy : terror . We . Will . Take . Your . THINGS . From . You . It 's a fair trade , of sorts – give up your chance of self-determination and in return we will give you the cheap things that you love . This is Britain .
In other news , if you look closely , Scotland has just seen the highest proportion of its population in its history registered to vote . Ninety-seven per cent . No-one ‘ gave ' them that vote . The people new to the electoral register had to put themselves there . With the most almighty help from the Radical Independence Campaign and many more . A 72 year old man who has never voted before . A woman who ran out of her house in her pyjamas when she was told she was n't too late . Streets of working class people being told by Yes activists on the final day of registration that it was their last chance , them phoning their friends , going round to their neighbours doors to get them out too . Long queues outside the registration office . All barely reported . In fact , the arch-unionist political editor of the Herald managed to run a front-page story claiming none of this happened . When his story turned out to be the hopes of a British nationalist and not an accurate reflection of Scotland in 2014 , the real story – the highest number of people registered to vote in Scotland 's history – did not manage to make it onto the front page .
( The No campaign did n't have a voter registration campaign . )
But at least your celebrities love us , though with a provincial love which requires no more than two brief paragraphs to explain . It is a love they express without feeling which they believe we should receive with gratitude . Every newspaper in Scotland told us how sincere David Cameron was when he spoke of his love of the Scottish people . In a speech given to a selected group of senior figures from the financial services sector .
And beneath all this , its cause – an official No campaign so incompetent at every level , so hopelessly out of touch with its nation that it brags about the size of its phone banks . Fifty thousand Scots a week on the streets knocking doors and handing out leaflets for Yes and they 've got phone banks . What is this – 1997 ? What else have they got ? Pagers ? Spice Girls albums ? It is not that these people are stupid . It is that they really , really believed we were . A Better Together ‘ I 'm voting No because… ' film is never more than 40 seconds long . They all consist of platitudes . Better together . Best of both worlds . Risk and volatility .
In their world it makes perfect sense to produce a short film targeting women which is predicated on a middle-class mother who is so disinterested in politics that she ca n't even recall the name of the First Minister of Scotland . It explains the lobotomised Orwellian nature of a billboard campaign that says “ I love my children so I 'm voting NO ” . Everything they touch falls apart . And then there is a desperate rescue attempt of some sort or another .
Send up Ed .
Get David to emote .
Ask the supermarkets to issue threats .
Beg the banks to relocate .
Just hope the Scots really are as stupid as we think . Because if they see through this shit they 'll realise we 're finished .
The scope and scale of the collapse of the No campaign is obscured only by the refusal of the print media wing of their campaign to report it .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson , a good establishment boy , had his chance to humiliate Salmond in front of the world 's media when he got to ask a pompous question about corporation tax . Unfortunately , he had completely misunderstood how corporation tax works . Salmond gave him a seven minute lesson which left him humiliated in front of the world 's media . In an undignified turn he starts heckling Salmond . At night in his news report he shows only his question ( he 'd clearly taken some time to prepare that humiliating blow… ) and editorialises that Salmond refused to answer . Does he think we did n't see ? Is he unaware that social media exists ?
This campaign has tested the British establishment . The more it loses this campaign , the greater the test . I am truly amazed at how weak it has been , how pathetic its response . Caught somewhere between mad hyperbole about independence being a bigger threat to the world than the Great Depression and the pointless mundanity of ‘ your shopping bill may go up by literally pennies ' , is this seriously all It 's got ?
The BBC , the banks , the newspapers , the supermarkets , the Labour Party , the Tories , the generals , the civil servants . Between them they ca n't muster up either a persuasive case for the union or a believable threat .
Us ? We 're over 350 totally independent campaigns , each set up by activists , each self-funded , none centrally controlled . We do n't pay too much attention to the media but learn and research from the internet . We hold meetings ( I 've spoken at coming on for 250 public meetings in the last two years ) . We are the most informed citizens in the world right now . I left a meeting in Hamilton Miners ' Welfare and a retired labourer caught me on the stairs and quizzed me about what I thought the position would be with ten year bond yields in an independent Scotland . Kids can talk you through the details of the Shengen arrangement . Most of us can run you through the constitutional position of the Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Unit .
I love my family so I 'm voting No ? Fuck off . Fuck right off .
For those of you who are n't in Scotland you may not be aware that almost the whole British establishment is now placing its hopes on Gordon Brown . ‘ He gets them ' ( they think ) . ‘ They like him ' ( they think ) . His tendency to believe that Scotland is just nascent Nazi Germany does n't phase them . It 's like the moment when the Labour Party thought that the most compelling person they had to buy a sausage roll from Greggs was Ed Balls . Which was only true because Ed Milliband was behind him in the queue .
And that has become what this campaign really is – Gordon Brown swinging his big , clunking fist at a thousand butterflies . All grunt , no connection .
Because that 's what we are – a thousand butterflies . None of us is strong . The guy with the mobile phone and an MP3 player terrorising the Parliamentary Labour Party with a Darth Vader gag . The young mother making the Labour leadership look like they ca n't talk to real people . A hundred brilliant jokes about David Bowie . Wish trees . Hand-made posters . The RIC leaflets we paid for by a load of £5 contributions which much of working class Scotland has had through their letterbox telling them what they know already – Britain is for the rich , Scotland can be ours .
We are a campaign held together with sticky tape and goodwill . We 're all broke ( we give all our money away ) . We 're all exhausted ( we 've rested in two years ) . None of us is scared . None of us needs anyone 's permission . And we never underestimate the people of Scotland .
This is like nothing I 've ever seen . We have barely a single institution on our side , barely a newspaper , and damn few millionaires . And they are truly petrified of us .
A butterfly rebellion is coming close to winning Scotland away from the forces of the British state . I think we 'll do it , but either way , they ca n't beat us . We are already half of Scotland and we keep growing . They are weak and we are strong . When the people of Britain see their titans defeated by a rebel army who used infographics and humour , what is there to stop them following ? England needs its butterfly rebellion as well .
The lairds came to tell us what was good for us . The lords came to tell us what was good for us . In the fields , we already knew what was good for us . Not this . Not Britain . Our rebels grabbed whatever they had and did whatever they could .
You ca n't beat a thousand butterflies with a gun . But you can beat a gun with a thousand butterflies .
The other day , I was thinking of ways I could prevent a common mistake I make when registering routes for my vidtracker project : not registering a route handler . Even though I share the type definitions used for routes between my frontend and backend , it does n't help if I forget to actually register a handler for the route .
Luckily , we have the technology to do this with the following :
1 ) Share the record label used between a record of my API Routes and Route Handlers . By using the same label , I know which is to be paired with which .
2 ) Use RowToList to convert my row types to type-level lists so I can iterate them . I also take advantage of the fact that the keys are sorted when converted to RowList s .
3 ) Use RowCons to constrain that the routes and handlers records both have an element for the given single labels .
My Route Types
First , I have my own kind RequestMethod , for which I have two data types :
foreign import kind RequestMethod
foreign import data GetRequest : : RequestMethod
foreign import data PostRequest : : RequestMethod
This is then incorporated into my Route data type :
data Route ( method : : RequestMethod ) req res ( url : : Symbol ) = Route
As you can see , Route is a phantom type where I have an associated method , a request type , response type , and a Symbol for the URL . I then have two convenience type aliases :
type GetRoute = Route GetRequest Void
type PostRoute = Route PostRequest
The first alias prevents me from accidentally using the req parameter to try to read the response body , preventing me from writing invalid code that tries to read the request body of a GET request . This is just one example of how phantom types can be incredibly useful for preventing mistakes and save you from having to do extra manual checking work ( if a computer can be told to do it fairly easily , why not , right ? ) .
The second is a simple alias allowing me to use all of the remaining parameters .
Then I have my route definitions in a record like so :
apiRoutes : :
{ files : : GetRoute ( Array Path ) `` /api/files ''
, watched : : GetRoute ( Array WatchedData ) `` /api/watched ''
, getIcons : : PostRoute GetIconsRequest Success `` /api/get-icons ''
, update : : PostRoute FileData ( Array WatchedData ) `` /api/update ''
, open : : PostRoute OpenRequest Success `` /api/open ''
, remove : : PostRoute RemoveRequest Success `` /api/remove ''
}
apiRoutes =
{ files : Route
, watched : Route
, getIcons : Route
, update : Route
, open : Route
, remove : Route
}
So while the runtime representation is n't very interesting , the static information we get from the phantom type parameters is more than enough for us to statically prepare code paths .
Iterating Routes and Handlers
So from ( 2 ) above , we can write our exposed function that works with any Monad :
registerRoutes : : forall routes handlers routesL handlersL m
. RowToList routes routesL
= > RowToList handlers handlersL
= > Monad m
= > RoutesHandlers routesL handlersL routes handlers m
= > Record routes
- > Record handlers
- > m Unit
registerRoutes routes handlers =
registerRoutesImpl
( RLProxy : : RLProxy routesL )
( RLProxy : : RLProxy handlersL )
routes
handlers
As usual , routes and handlers are the row type # Type from the routes and handlers records passed in , for which I create RowList s by using RowToList . Then I use the method for the implementation and pass in the records for my RoutesHandlers type class defined as such :
class RoutesHandlers
( routesL : : RowList )
( handlersL : : RowList )
( routes : : # Type )
( handlers : : # Type )
m
where
registerRoutesImpl : : forall proxy
. Monad m
= > proxy routesL
- > proxy handlersL
- > Record routes
- > Record handlers
- > m Unit
So our type class takes in the RowList s it can use to match instances and iterate with , the row types for the actual records , and our monad . The biggest reason we explicitly pass in the row types is because otherwise , I would have to remove fields from my records to pass them down , whereas I only need to get fields out of them . If this note does n't make sense , come back to it after you 've read through this blog post and some other RowToList resources .
So how do these get implemented ?
Nil/Nil case
So I want to make sure that when I go through the routes and handlers , I should reach the Nil case on both at the same time . By defining a Nil Nil case and not Nil xs or xs Nil , I am able to enforce this ( otherwise there is no matching instance for this case ) . And so in the case of Nil Nil , I need to do nothing , so the instance is defined as such :
instance routesHandlersNil : : RoutesHandlers Nil Nil trash1 trash2 m where
registerRoutesImpl _ _ _ _ = pure unit
Cons name/Cons name case
So since the RowList is sorted by the label , we have guaranteed pairwise iteration , which is quite convenient for ( 1 ) , that we use the same label . By writing our instance head to use the same variable name , we can make sure that the instance matches when the name s are the same :
instance routesHandlersCons : :
( RoutesHandlers rTail hTail routes handlers m
, IsSymbol name
, RowCons name handler trash1 handlers
, RowCons name route trash2 routes
, RegisterHandler route handler m
) = > RoutesHandlers
( Cons name route rTail )
( Cons name handler hTail )
routes
handlers
m where
registerRoutesImpl _ _ routes handlers = do
registerHandlerImpl ( get nameP routes ) ( get nameP handlers )
registerRoutesImpl ( RLProxy : : RLProxy rTail ) ( RLProxy : : RLProxy hTail ) routes handlers
where
nameP = SProxy : : SProxy name
From top to bottom :
The tails of the routes and handlers RowList s , along with the original record row types and the Monad m are passed down to run through the rest of the list .
s , along with the original record row types and the Monad are passed down to run through the rest of the list .
The name needs to be a Symbol for some of our operations below .
needs to be a for some of our operations below .
We constrain with RowCons that there is a field with a label name and type handler , added on to a trash1 row that we do n't really care about , which forms the handlers row . Put another way , we ensure that name : : handler exists in our handlers row type .
that there is a field with a label and type , added on to a row that we do n't really care about , which forms the row . Put another way , we ensure that exists in our row type .
The same is done with route and routes .
and .
Then we use our other type class RegisterHandler , which provides registerHandlerImpl .
The body here does two things . First , it uses RegisterHandler to register the route and the handler that we 're getting out of the records . Then , it uses RoutesHandlers to operate on the rest of the routes and handlers . Now to look more at RegisterHandler .
Registering our Handlers
For our type class here , we need a single route , its associated handler , and the monad that we 're operating with .
class RegisterHandler route handler m
| route - > handler m
where
registerHandlerImpl : : route - > handler - > m Unit
I use the functional dependencies here to make sure that the correct instance is chosen based on the route . I do this because I need to handle the two cases I had above : the POST and GET cases .
As I wrote earlier , the handlers correspond to the route definition :
route : Route PostRequest FileData ( Array WatchedData ) `` /api/update ''
handler : FileData - > m ( Array WatchedData ) route : Route GetRequest Void ( Array WatchedData ) `` /api/watched ''
handler : m ( Array WatchedData )
So with this information , we can write the instances accordingly .
POST
For ease of use and implementation , I provide my handlers as functions for Aff , and use the purescript-express AppM for the monad returned .
instance registerHandlerPost : :
( IsSymbol url
, ReadForeign req
, WriteForeign res
) = > RegisterHandler
( Route PostRequest req res url )
( req - > Aff ( express : : EXPRESS | e ) res )
( AppM ( express : : EXPRESS | e ) ) where
registerHandlerImpl route handler =
E . post route ' handler '
where
route ' = reflectSymbol ( SProxy : : SProxy url )
handler ' = do
body < - getBody
case runExcept ( read body ) of
Right ( r : : req ) - > do
response < - liftAff $ handler r
sendJson $ write response
Left e - > do
setStatus 400
sendJson $ write { error : show e }
So the constraints are the IsSymbol url again to reflect the URL to use to register the route , ReadForeign req for parsing the request JS object to the type I want to work with , and WriteForeign res for encoding the response type to the JS object expected .
Note that in the instance head , I am doing the matching that I wrote about again : the req and res types are in the corresponding positions such that the handler must be correctly typed and implemented for the route . This lets me avoid any problems with accidentally returning the wrong type from a given route .
The implementation , on the other hand , is all normal code you 'd write for purescript-express .
GET
With the POST instance written , the GET instance comes out about the same :
instance registerHandlerGet : :
( IsSymbol url
, WriteForeign res
) = > RegisterHandler
( Route GetRequest Void res url )
( Aff ( express : : EXPRESS | e ) res )
( AppM ( express : : EXPRESS | e ) ) where
registerHandlerImpl route handler =
E . get route ' handler '
where
route ' = reflectSymbol ( SProxy : : SProxy url )
handler ' = do
response < - liftAff handler
sendJson $ write response
In this case , as req does not exist for GET requests , the handler provided does n't need to be anything more than Aff res .
Usage
And that 's about it , really . The actual usage then looks like this :
routes config = do
-- ...
registerRoutes
apiRoutes
{ files : getFiles config
, watched : getWatchedData config
, getIcons : getIconsData config
, update : updateWatched config
, open : openFile config
, remove : removeFile config
}
-- ...
And while we could fix this up in a variety of ways such as using ReaderT with this config for Aff or writing another fancy function to apply config to a heterogenous function of config , really , we do n't need to for now , since this is not really error-prone as you ca n't forget to apply config .
Now all the apiRoutes can be called from my client and the handlers are guaranteed to be implemented here .
Conclusion
People have been asking me for a while about how they might go about using row types and these strange RowCons and RowToList tools and such , but I hope this provides more examples of how some of this stuff works .
If you have any questions about this or anything else PureScript , please ask on the FP Slack # purescript or # purescript-beginners channel , on r/purescript , or me directly on Twitter @ jusrin00 !
Links
The College Cryptocurrency Network is organizing a bitcoin and blockchain hackathon next month for students across the world . The Borderless Block Party will be a month-long party beginning November 1 , 2015 where students will get to build new blockchain based products using various available decentralized technologies and toolkits .
In order to participate in the Borderless Block Party , there is one simple prerequisite — the participant has to be a student who is currently enrolled in courses , be it high school , university or even an online degree . Students can enroll for the contest either as an individual or a team consisting of maximum 5 participants . Those who do not have a team can find one on Crypto Hacks Slack channel created for the hackathon participants .
Borderless Block Party intends to encourage students to explore decentralized technologies , helping them learn , use their technical skills , creativity and imagination together to build new blockchain and crypto related products . The online route opted by Borderless Block Party makes it accessible to all interested students across the globe , enabling them to collaborate with each other and work as a team towards creating wonderful products which may potentially change the way industry works . In addition to a strong mentor pool , the event is supported by a lot of big names in the industry .
Students participating in the Borderless Block Party will gain access to various APIs and services along with guidance to use them from partner crypto-tech companies for free , including resources from BitGo , Coinalytics , F​actom , and Coinkite . Sponsored entirely by BitGo , the Borderless Block Party connects students with the industry .
Organizers of Borderless Block Party , the College Cryptocurrency Network is a non-profit organization formed by a collaborative effort of multiple university bitcoin clubs . With over 100 chapters , College Cryptocurrency Network currently is involved promoting blockchain education and innovation among the global student community .
Students interested in participating in Borderless Block Party can enroll themselves here . Winners will receive a lot of goodies from partner companies along with a weekloong getaway to Ibiza .
This article is over 2 years old
Australian sprinter Caleb Ewan won Tuesday 's opening stage of the Tour Down Under , with baking 40-degree conditions prompting organisers to shorten the course .
The in-form Orica-Scott rider posted his fourth win of the year , beating Sky rider Danny van Poppel and Bora-Hansgrohe 's Sam Bennett .
Caleb Ewan underlines Tour Down Under sprint credentials with opening win Read more
Two-time world champion Peter Sagan led out Bennett at the Lyndoch finish , but Ewan tore through on the outside for a tight win . It is a repeat of Ewan 's stage-one win a year ago at the same Barossa town .
The stage win also gave the 22-year-old the overall lead , which was also the cast at the start of last year 's Tour .
As the race started to run behind schedule , the decision was taken mid-stage to cut the finishing loops at Lyndoch in the Barossa from three to two . It shortened the stage that started in suburban Unley from 145km to 118km .
“ The safety and welfare of the riders , spectators and everyone involved with the race is always our primary concern , ” race director Mike Turtur said in a statement .
“ We consulted with rider representative Adam Hansen ( Lotto Soudal ) and with our chief commissaire Alexander Donike , and both agreed it would be sensible to shorten the stage distance . ”
Belgian rider Laurens De Vreese ( Astana ) attacked at the start of the stage and the peloton was happy to let him go before predictably catching him inside the last 20km .
Belgian Jan Bakelants ( Ag2r ) then attacked , his jersey coated in salt as he gained about 30 seconds but he too was caught before 1km was remaining as the sprinters ' teams drove the pace .
Orica-Scott team director Matt White said on Tuesday morning that the Australian team had drilled into their riders the need to stay hydrated properly during Tuesday 's stage .
Conditions are expected to be milder for Wednesday 's decisive stage through the Adelaide Hills .
“ It 's going to hurt the Europeans today – it 's going to hurt a lot of guys , ” White said of the oven-like conditions . “ All the guys have had pretty mild conditions since they 've been in Adelaide and this is going to be a long day in the office .
“ We 've stressed with our guys that if you make a mistake with hydration and you cook yourself today , you 'll be paying for it for days – and tomorrow is a crucial day . ”
A 35-year homeless man who spat at and yelled racist insults at a 22-year-old Portland State University graduate and her parents who were visiting from India was sentenced to 1.5 years in prison Thursday .
The judge also ordered Steven Joseph Klopp to write a letter of apology to the woman and her parents .
Multnomah County Circuit Judge Cheryl Albrecht sentenced Klopp to three years of probation for the confrontation , but he will head to prison because the June 15 attack violated his probation for an earlier crime -- throwing a garbage can at a TriMet bus in September 2016 .
The young woman told police that she grew up in India and came to the United States for college , and her parents were in town to celebrate her college graduation . Klopp approached them while they were riding the MAX train through downtown about 12:30 a.m .
The woman said Klopp started telling them that they needed to get out of the United States . He spat at them and some landed on the chest of the woman 's mother .
Last month , Klopp pleaded guilty to second-degree intimidation -- and acknowledged that he targeted another person because of that person 's “ race , color or national origin . ”
Steven Klopp ( wearing a blue jail uniform ) pleaded guilty to second-degree intimidation in Multnomah County Circuit Court in September .
Klopp said Thursday that the description of the MAX encounter was blown out of proportion .
Deputy District Attorney Amity Girt said the woman 's parents do n't speak English , and being spit at and yelled at by a stranger was terrifying for them -- especially knowing this is the city their daughter lives in .
“ It 's quite unfortunate to hear this is how her parents were welcomed to Portland , Oregon , ” Girt told the judge during the plea hearing in September .
But Girt said the young woman majored in psychology and she believes Klopp could benefit from mental health help . He will be supervised by a probation officer who specializes in people with mental illness .
Klopp 's mother earlier told The Oregonian/OregonLive that Klopp has schizoaffective disorder and became homeless after neglecting to take his medication .
The young woman targeted by Klopp told The Oregonian/OregonLive after the confrontation that she worried that Klopp could have a weapon . A few other people were on the downtown MAX train that night , but none of them intervened , she said . She called 911 , notified the MAX operator and stood between Klopp and her mother . Klopp left the train as she summoned help .
Fresh on her mind , she said , was the attack about three weeks earlier on a MAX train at the Hollywood Transit Station that left two passengers dead . Police say Jeremy Christian yelled xenophobic slurs at two teenage girls , one of them wearing a hijab , before stabbing three people who came to their defense .
-- Aimee Green
Washington , Aug 25 : An Asian-American student has filed a complaint over being unfairly rejected by Columbia University and Cornell University , prompting a coalition to seek a probe over allegedly discriminating against him and an Indian-American .
Hubert Zhao , an Orlando-based Asian-American student , was unfairly rejected by the two universities , the Asian American Coalition for Education said in a letter to Catherine Lhamon , Assistant Secretary of the Office for Civil Rights ( OCR ) , US Department of Education .
“ It is worth pointing out , in his high school of 700 graduating students , only Hubert and another Indian-American student qualified as National Merit Semifinalists , ” the letter said .
“ However , neither of them was accepted by any of Americas top 20 ranked universities . Other students from different racial groups in his high school , with objectively and often significantly lower academic and extracurricular credentials , were admitted by some of those top 20 universities , the letter claimed .
The Indian-American student has not been identified in the letter nor has he or she filed a complaint against the alleged discrimination .
“ What happened to Hubert Zhao is another example of the widespread and systematic illegal discrimination against Asian American students by many colleges , ” said Jack Ouyang , Vice-president of AACE .
“ The very fact that Hubert is the son of YuKong Zhao , the president of AACE , and that Hubert was rejected by all three Ivy League schools he applied to , raises a serious concern if Hubert was evaluated unfavourably by those Ivy League schools because of his fathers courageous act of leading Asian Americans fight against Ivy League schools discrimination on college admissions , ” he said .
“ The members of AACE are outraged by such blatant discrimination . Yukong Zhaos child is not alone ? tens of thousands of talented Asian American children are treated as second class citizens who are less diverse solely because of their race , ” the letter said .
“ OCR must launch an impartial investigation into the admissions processes of Colombia University and Cornell University to ensure that Hubert Zhaos equal rights under the law are protected . Asian American communities demand an answer , ” it said .
In the largest survey of OpenStack deployments ever , the OpenStack User Survey revealed widespread adoption , maturity and growth , with increased user interest in innovation and agility .
OpenStack 's ninth User Survey reports the technology choices , use cases and business drivers for more than 1,300 users , comparing these most recent answers to our April 2016 report . This survey also includes nearly 600 deployments and input from 22 percent more organizations than one year ago , which had been our largest survey to date .
This survey 's findings focus primarily on year-over-year comparisons and also answer some new questions about cloud age , percentage of an organization 's overall cloud infrastructure running on OpenStack , container use and management .
The median OpenStack user runs 60 to 80 percent of their total cloud infrastructure on OpenStack .
Results show users ' attitudes , technology choices and uses of OpenStack software . All OpenStack Foundation members , more than 70,000 people across 160 countries , were invited to fill out the survey . Responses span 476 cities and 78 countries , with 61 percent of these users and 74 percent of deployments physically located outside of the United States .
Key findings :
More clouds : OpenStack 's growth is demonstrated by rapid development of new clouds , with 44 percent more deployments reported on this survey . The average age of a deployment is less than 1.7 years .
OpenStack 's growth is demonstrated by rapid development of new clouds , with 44 percent more deployments reported on this survey . The average age of a deployment is less than 1.7 years . Larger clouds : 38 percent of clouds have 1,000 or more cores , up from 29 percent last year , and 17 percent of clouds are running more than 1 petabyte of object storage , up from 4 percent one year ago .
38 percent of clouds have 1,000 or more cores , up from 29 percent last year , and 17 percent of clouds are running more than 1 petabyte of object storage , up from 4 percent one year ago . Diverse users : Users of every organizational size and industry find value in OpenStack , 32 percent have 10,000 employees or more , while 25 percent have fewer than 100 employees , and users hail from 78 countries .
Mature technology : OpenStack 's maturity is demonstrated by two-thirds of deployments in production and 90 percent or greater adoption of key infrastructure services ( Nova , Neutron , Keystone , Cinder and Glance ) .
OpenStack 's maturity is demonstrated by two-thirds of deployments in production and 90 percent or greater adoption of key infrastructure services ( Nova , Neutron , Keystone , Cinder and Glance ) . Deep adoption : The median user runs 61–80 percent of their overall cloud infrastructure on OpenStack , while the typical large user ( deployment with 1,000+ cores ) reports running 81–100 percent of their infrastructure on OpenStack .
Containers remain the top emerging technology of interest to users . Among those currently deploying container orchestration or platform services on OpenStack , 47 percent are using Kubernetes .
The typical deployment runs nine OpenStack services , with 16 percent running 12 or more services . Among the projects of the greatest interest to users and those likely to see strong future adoption Designate , Magnum , Trove and Manila top the list , with interest in Kolla and Barbican also up significantly .
Analyze the results yourself
The community is invited to explore the User Survey data and answer their own questions via a live survey analysis tool . It offers an online dashboard , six global filter categories , and three data sets ( 2015 , 2016 , 2017 ) and is available at http : //www.openstack.org/analytics .
This dashboard captures live data as survey responses are logged . This survey report is based on data collected between Jan. 26 , 2017 and March 1 , 2017 , but the online dashboard includes surveys answered throughout 2017 . As a result , online results might differ from this report due to different collection periods .
Heidi Joy Tretheway has spearheaded the User Survey on behalf of the OpenStack Foundation since August 2015 . The survey is developed in collaboration with the User Committee , the User Survey Work Group and an independent data scientist . Contact Heidi Joy at [ email protected ]
Cover Photo // CC BY NC
Garry Wills has continued to serve as the “ go-to ” guy for secular media types who need some spleen to pour on the Catholic Church . This past week , he admitted to NY Times readers that he finally had given up hope that the pope would stop being Catholic . ( One wonders if he 's still trying to talk all those bears out of dirtying up the woods . ) To mark Wills ' part in the “ great conversation ” provoked by Pope Benedict 's resignation , here 's an excerpt dealing with Wills from The Bad Catholic 's Guide to the Catechism :
FAQs from Your Stoner Neighbor # 6 :
I read two books by one of the leading Catholic intellectuals in America , Garry Wills—Papal Sin and Why I Am a Catholic—where he proves that the papacy hijacked the Church and turned it into a corrupt , worldly institution for dominating people through spiritual blackmail . What do you have to say about that ?
Those two books are at once so shoddy and so skillful that I 'm almost afraid to take them on . I have never before encountered someone so well-informed about what the Church really teaches , and so committed to lying about it . Garry Wills employs his Catholic training in exactly the way some fanatically anti-Zionist Jews use their ancestry : as a license to body-slam the truth , and throw it under the wheels of the juggernaut of elite opinion . But then , as St. James once said , “ the devils also believe , and tremble ” ( James 2:19 ) . So in that sense , I am willing to stipulate that Garry Wills is , indeed , a Catholic . And while considered as literature or history the books are nothing special , they do a fine job of compiling in one place all Planned Parenthood 's talking points , so I might as well address them .
In Papal Sin , Wills presents as “ news ” the old , dark moments of the papacy as proof that its claims to consistency are not a mistake but a conscious fraud . Of course , Wills wields the old , trusty weapons of contemporary liberalism : ad hominem attacks , feigned shock that the Dark Ages were barbarous , plus rank disdain for the poor , the foreign , and the dead . This comes out clearest in his treatment of the church 's teaching on birth control , a subject with which Wills is nearly obsessed . He bluntly equates periodic abstinence ( i.e. , Natural Family Planning ) with the use of foams , latex contraptions , and abortifacient chemicals—since they all aim at childless intercourse , as if we did n't all know perfectly well that the difference between moral ends and moral means was covered in the first freshman philosophy class Wills took with Jesuits back when Buddy Holly was still alive .
Looking at Pope John Paul II , Wills heaps ridicule on that pope for glorifying the goodness of marital sex and urging Catholic men to see to their wives ' orgasms—while insisting that sexual acts can only be “ holy ” when they are subject to “ self-control. ” Wills mocks him for prudishness , as if any act could be human , much less “ virtuous , ” when done as a spastic response to compulsion . It seems one side effect of the Pill is to make men forget their Aristotle .
The writer Wills has the gall to claim as a mentor , G.K. Chesterton , saw the church as especially glorious when she resisted public opinion and refuted popular heresies . But Wills denounces the popes for refusing to follow the press and the Zogby Poll . Where Newman honored doctrines that develop over time , Wills veers wildly between archaism and chronological snobbery .
In his next masterpiece , Why I Am a Catholic , Wills answers a chorus of requests from readers troubled by Papal Sin , earnestly asking how he can remain in that church , having demolished its authority . He admits that a few notes came from those who disliked the book—whose authors all ( all ! ) confessed that they had n't read it . These pious biddies he dismisses with a pat on the head and proceeds to dig among the Roman ruins to build a church worthy of him . Yet even here , two-thirds of the book consist of still more attacks on the papacy . Wills simply can not resist . The last third of the book is all that Wills affirms as a positive creed—a milk and water gruel that Hugh Hefner could cheerfully serve at the Playboy Mansion for breakfast .
If the past is “ another country , ” Wills tramps through it as an Ugly American , sneering at practices that confuse him ( such as physical mortification , commended by thousands of saints—which he dispatches in a line or two ) ; feigning surprise that contemporary prejudices did not prevail a thousand years ago ; obscuring and skewing evidence—all to build up a high school debater 's brief against Catholicism . But for most readers , that will be quite enough . None of Wills 's charges quite proves his point—that church teaching on faith and morals has zigzagged recklessly . But he will simply adduce another charge and another , drawing hasty ( always hostile ) conclusions in a glib paragraph . Where scholars disputed for centuries , Wills ends the question in a sophomore 's summary :
Pope Honorius , who wrote a private letter around 637 too tolerant of heretics . Condemned by the church for laxity , Honorius is made out here as a full-blown heretic himself , and his note an infallible pronouncement .
The Council of Florence , which declared infallibly that there is “ no salvation outside the church. ” That doctrine , which later popes carefully nuanced—noting that membership in the church is a mystery known only to God—Wills calls a simple lie , one revoked at Vatican II .
The popes who urged Catholics to rebel against Elizabeth I. Wills damns these men for fomenting treason . A later pope told Catholics not to rebel against the Russian tsar—so Wills condemns him for fostering tyranny . Wills drubs popes for supporting King Louis XIV 's autocracy , and then for opposing Napoleon 's . The stark , awful power of infallibility in faith and morals Wills smuggles into politics and inverts : The papacy is miraculously wrong about everything .
Pius IX and Leo XIII , who denounced the separation of church and state—in their day , always the first step toward persecution—are drawn as monsters , and Vatican II recast as a caucus of the ACLU .
Pius X , who taught that dogmas can not evolve . Against him Wills cites Newman . But the “ doctrines ” whose development Newman discerned are bluntly different from “ dogmas , ” which ( unlike doctrines ) must always be understood in the exact sense originally intended . Pius X noted the difference and praised Newman accordingly . How can such a distinction—as stark as that dividing an American law from an Article of the Constitution—escape sophisticated readers , or the writer ? Easily : Notice how similar are the sounds employed—dog , doc , doc , dog . Remember how lazy and busy people are , how eager to soothe their sneaking bad consciences . Recall how many souls abandoned the Eucharist thanks to the slogan “ hocus pocus , ” that cheap pun on “ hoc est corpus . ”
Wills never does provide a clinching case of dogmatic self-contradiction—or indeed , any argument that could withstand a patient Google search . But he does n't need to . These books are finely tailored for reading on Jetblue : free of ambiguities , brightly mirroring the prejudices of their public , always focused on a single guiding principle : the Infallibility of the Baby Boom .
Wills accepts no Catholic teaching that might offend his comfortably secularized readers . Rejecting popes , councils , and ancient interpretations of the Bible , Wills adverts again and again to the “ sense of the faithful ” as his infallible authority . But of course , he defers to nothing of the kind . The vulgar masses he pretends to defend adore such wonders as the roses of Guadalupe , the dancing sun at Fatima , and the virginity of Mary . Wills dismisses such mysteries with a sniff , noting that “ the New Testament is a book of theology , not of obstetrics or gynecology. ” It is not the hordes of pious Mexicans and or persecuted Sudanese who must be consulted but Westerners who own Kindles , who only buy books they have heard recommended on NPR .
Wills makes a big point of noting that he still says the rosary—the prayer chaplet favored by peasant saints . But read attentively , and see how very proud Wills is of his humility , and how he preens about it . In his exegesis of the prayers , the reader ca n't help noticing just how very learned and wise Wills is , how much more nuanced and polished than those dreary , drooling popes . And in a final touch , Wills simply can not withhold the information that he frequently says the rosary in biblical Greek . Humility such as this is quite at home in hell .
Mr. Zmirak 's book and other books relating to the topic of this essay may be found in The Imaginative Conservative Bookstore .
Welcome Team Coolrobots Christian Carlberg , one of the most successful BattleBot builders in the United States , has designed and created some of the best BattleBots ever . His new bot , Dreadnought , is a 325-pound BattleBot with two wheels and two spinning discs that are designed to slice and dice other robot opponents . Carlberg and his crew , Team Coolrobots , received a grant from the Magic : The Gathering trading card game to build a `` dream BattleBot '' to compete in future BattleBot competitions . According to Carlberg , Magic and BattleBots are similar in many ways . `` I knew being sponsored by Magic : The Gathering would be a good fit for us because they appreciate lethal designs . The creatures that they make for their game have the same goals that my bots do : Take your opponent down , take him apart , and stomp on whatever 's left . Wizard wants my bots to be as bad-ass as their creatures , and that 's something I know how to do . '' This page will be following Team Coolrobots as they compete in Season 3.0 of BattleBots which airs every Tuesday night at 10:00pm on Comedy Central .
Clique para acessar todas as matérias e artigos de Opera Mundi e Samuel sobre o processo de impeachment
Um artigo publicado na última sexta-feira ( 22/04 ) no site The Cut , pertencente à revista norte-americana New York , afirmou que a campanha a favor do impeachment da presidente do Brasil , Dilma Rousseff , “ é perversamente sexista ” .
Roberto Stuckert Filho/PR
Em março deste ano , a ONU Mulheres Brasil criticou `` violência política de ordem sexista '' contra a presidente Dilma Rousseff
“ Não há duvidas de que o processo de impeachment vem de um histórico mais longo de tratamento misógino contra [ Dilma ] Rousseff ” , diz o artigo , intitulado “ A campanha pelo impeachment da presidente do Brasil é perversamente sexista ” . Entre os exemplos citados pelo autor Marc Hertzman estão o mote pró-impeachment “ tchau , querida ” , o adesivo de carro que representa Dilma com as pernas abertas e as críticas à imagem da presidente , que é “ contrastada com as também sexistas representações da ‘ típica ' mulher brasileira voluptuosa e sexual ” .
O artigo aponta ainda que os dois antecessores mais recentes de Dilma na Presidência , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva e Fernando Henrique Cardoso , receberam acusações similares às que motivam o processo de impeachment contra a atual presidente , porém nunca tiveram um processo de impeachment aceito pelo Congresso .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The nonpartisan group Consumer Watchdog today called on Google to stop their rumored lobbying effort to include the sale of electronic medical records in the economic stimulus bill . Google wants the provision that they can sell patient information to its advertising clients on its new Google Health database .
In a letter to Congress , the group expressed concerns about patient privacy , “ The medical technology portion of the economic stimulus bill does not sufficiently protect patient privacy , and recent amendments have made this situation worse . Medical privacy must be strengthened before the measure 's final passage , rather than allowing corporate interests to take advantage of the larger bill 's urgency . … ”
On Friday , Republican Rep. Roy Blount added an amendment to the bill that would allow pharmacists to sell private medical information without a patient 's knowledge . The bill would also exempt the selling of private medical records for the purposes of research , and private medical information could also be sold to associates of companies who are holding the medical information for the purpose of activities on behalf the company holding the information . Worst of all , in the current draft of the legislation patients have no way of tracking who has been accessing their medical records .
There have been amendments introduced by Democratic members that would require that privacy must be maintained , and databases ca n't be accessed by unauthorized persons . The danger with the selling of medical records is a loss of privacy . Potential employers could base their hiring practices on an applicant 's medical records . Banks and lender could deny someone a loan on the basis of their medical history . It is also certain that the selling of medical records would lead to identity theft . The above mentioned are all reasons why privacy must be maintained . I do n't understand how this would not be a violation of HIPPA . This is a terrible idea that we can only hope is not included in the final legislation .
Consumer Watchdog
Posted 05 November 2013 - 11:35 PM
EDIT : Mods are being scumbags and are removing the `` Original Thread '' links if the CAW is hosted on another site . The reason given is `` advertising '' . Classy .
For the 2014 season , I will regularly update this thread which will feature the best CAWs that the PS3 community has to offer .
The purpose of this thread is to act as a 1 stop shop for our community members . This WILL NOT trump any CAW creators topics as I will link directly to their topics when I add one of their CAWs to this list .
It will also benefit and feature CAWs that get created early in the lifecycle of 2k14 , which in past years resulted in the topic getting buried in this forum as more and more creations get made and the CAW fades from the public eye despite it being top notch work .
This topic is also hosted over on the WLF site
* Due to the fact that I use both CAWS.WS and WLF , the `` Original Topic '' may be on the opposite website , especially if the creator only uses one of the sites . *
Communities supported : CAWS.WS
Feel free to recommend this thread for a sticky
Basic Rules of the Thread :
Spoiler Wrestlers are listed in alphabetical order ( by first name ) for ease of browsing .
Only CAWs that are fully completed and uploaded will be posted here .
Only downloadable CAWs will be featured . If you see a CAW that ca n't be downloaded or is no longer available on the CC server , notify me in the thread and he/she will be removed .
Suggestions/Recommendations for a CAW to be added to this list are welcome at any time in the comments thread . Please provide a link to either the thread or the images , but DO NOT post the image as a comment as it takes up space .
CAWs from WLF will also be featured here , so please feel free to recommend a CAW hosted on other sites as well that you have come across .
This is not the place to make CAW requests , please do so in the appropriate forum .
Just because you 've made a wrestler that has n't already been listed , does n't mean they will be added . The CAW must be of high quality . No low effort CAWs here .
CAWs will be limited to 1 CAW per wrestler , per era . Example : Attitude Era Jeff Hardy , WWE face paint Hardy , and TNA Hardy will be considered as 3 different CAWS and are all acceptable and will be posted . However , 3 Hardy 's from the same era will NOT be accepted , just 1 . ( This does not apply to attires , you may have 4 attires from the same era on 1 CAW )
Further clarification of the above rule : If 3 people make a Face Paint/WWE Champion Era CAW of Jeff Hardy , only ONE of those three will be featured here as the best of the best Jeff Hardy for that era . However , there may be other Jeff Hardys on this list , but they will be from a different era of his career .
Check back regularly as it 's possible and very likely that a CAW of a wrestler on this database may have been replaced with a more improved version as more and more CAWs get created .
CAWs created with Superstar heads will be strongly evaluated and criticized before they get approved for this database . Since the hard part ( the face ) is done for you , If the attire does not have a `` WOW '' factor , or the CAW does n't stand out in any meaningful way , they will not be accepted on this database . Please do not flood the community creations and 2k servers with low effort CAWs .
A ==============
Alicia Fox - Created by ObsessedW/divas - Original Thread Spoiler
- Created by ObsessedW/divas - Original Thread Ax - Created by Old School - Original Thread Spoiler lukemcqueen , wlf Search tags :
B ==============
Big Bossman - Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread Spoiler Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch
- Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread Booker T - Created by RedRandom ( Credits : Righteous ) - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Redrandom , WLF
- Created by RedRandom ( Credits : - Original Thread Bray Wyatt - Conversion by GameVolt ( Credits : Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Gamevolt NWOldskool , AJ Sim , TheHippopotomus , Defract and Dr Vries ) -
- Conversion by GameVolt ( Credits : British Bulldog - Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread Spoiler Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch
C ==============
CM Punk ( Superstar Heads ) - Created by GameVolt - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Gamevolt
- Created by GameVolt - Original Thread Crush - Created by Old School - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : lukemcqueen , wlf
- Created by Old School - Original Thread Crush ( Demolition ) - Created by Old School - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : lukemcqueen , wlf
- Created by Old School - Original Thread Curtis Axel - Created by GameVolt - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Gamevolt
D ==============
Daniel Bryan ( Superstar Heads ) - Created by GameVolt Original Thread Spoiler ​ Tags : Gamevolt
- Created by GameVolt Demolition Spoiler Look under A , C & S for Ax , Crush & Smash , respectively .
Diamond Dallas Page Spoiler Tags : WLF , RedRandom , DDP - Created by RedRandom ( Credits : Righteous & Kim666 ) - Original Thread
Doink The Clown - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
E ==============
Erick Rowan - Created by Jeb2830 ( Credits - RoKaDitz , Shattered ! , Dr. Vries , NWOldskool and TheNoModder ) - Original Thread Spoiler Jeb , Erick Rowan , Wyatt Search tags :
F ==============
Fatu - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
G ==============
Gene Okerlund - Created by Kradiation - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF
- Created by Kradiation - Original Thread Goldust - Created by GameVolt - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Gamevolt
H ==============
`` H acksaw '' Jim Duggan - Created by j dbchurch - Original Thread Spoiler Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch
I ===============
Iron Sheik - Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread Spoiler Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch
- Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread IRS - Created by Kradiation - Original Thread Spoiler Search tags : WLF
J ===============
Jerry `` The King '' Lawler - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Jim `` The Anvil '' Neidhart - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Jimmy `` Superfly '' Snuka - Created by jdbchurch Original Thread Spoiler ​ Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch
K ===============
Kerry Von Erich - Created by Scurll - Spoiler
L ===============
Lex Luger - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Luke Harper - Created by Jeb2830 ( Credits : RoKaDitz , Shattered ! , Dr. Vries , NWOldskool and TheNoModder ) - Original Thread Spoiler Search tags : Jeb , Luke Harper , Wyatt ​
M ===============
Magnum TA - Created by ringrat316 - Spoiler Magnum T.A. , WLF Search tags :
N ===============
O ===============
Owen Hart - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
P ===============
Papa Shango - Created by Kradiation - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF
- Created by Kradiation - Original Thread Paul Heyman - Created by Petchy - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : Paul Heyman , Petchy , ECW
- Created by Petchy - Original Thread `` Mr . Wonderful '' Paul Orndorff - Created by Scurll Spoiler
Q ===============
R ===============
Rick Martel - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Rob Van Dam ( Current ) - Created by Petchy - Original Thread Spoiler RVD , Petchy , 2013 , WLF Search tags :
- Created by Petchy - Original Thread Rob Van Dam ( Retro ) - Created by Petchy - Original Thread Spoiler RVD , Petchy , 2013 , WLF Search tags :
- Created by Petchy - Original Thread `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper - Created by curryboy2009 - Original Thread Spoiler Search tags : curryboy2009
S ===============
Samu - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Smash - Created by Old School - Original Thread Spoiler lukemcqueen , wlf Search tags :
- Created by Old School - Original Thread Sting - Created by Kradiation - Spoiler Search tags : WLF - Created by Kradiation - Original Thread
T ===============
Tatanka - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
- Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Terry Funk - Created by curryboy2009 - Original Thread Spoiler Search tags : curryboy2009
- Created by curryboy2009 - Original Thread Tito Santana - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
U ===============
Undertaker ( Debut ) - Created by Old School - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : lukemcqueen , wlf
V ===============
Vader - Created by jdbchurch - Spoiler Search Tags : WLF , jdbchurch - Created by jdbchurch - Original Thread
W ==============
Wyatt Family Spoiler Look under B , E & L for Bray Wyatt , Erick Rowan & Luke Harper , respectively
X ===============
Y ===============
Z ===============
# ===============
123 Kid - Created by Iceman5533 - Original Thread Spoiler Tags : WLF , Iceman5533
Community Creations PS3 Hall of Fame : Kradiation - GameVolt - Tom1904 - jdbchurch - WizardofThay - Rain Always
Edited by Grits_N_Gravy_23 , 29 November 2013 - 07:07 PM .
Advertising . Advertising Removed .
In the wake of its $ 1 million donation to the Republican Governors Association in August , News Corp. -- parent of Fox News -- has literally doubled down on aligning itself with the conservative agenda by donating another $ 1 million , this time to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . The Chamber has reportedly devoted millions of dollars this cycle to running political ads on behalf of Republican Senate candidates . Politico reported :
Spokesmen for News Corp. and for Fox declined to comment on the chamber contribution , or on whether Fox chief Roger Ailes , a former GOP political operative , had a role in it . [ ... ] A spokesman for the chamber , J.P. Fielder , declined to discuss or confirm a specific contribution - the chamber is fighting to continue to keep contributions secret -- but responded to a question about the Fox donation by characterizing the chamber 's agenda . `` What I can tell you is that the chamber has been and will continue to be engaged in the issue debate in this election cycle , focusing our efforts on educating voters about where candidates stand on policies that create jobs , '' Fielder said . Specifically , the chamber has said it plans to spend $ 75 million in connection with the 2010 election , and has so far has directed substantial amounts to Republican Senate candidates . As of Sept. 15th , the group had spent $ 6,747,946 airing more than 8,000 ads on behalf of GOP Senate candidates , according to a study from the Wesleyan Media Project .
Fox News has been alternately silent and shameless about the RGA contribution . It barely acknowledged the donation on air -- at least until Media Matters bought ad time on The O'Reilly Factor to inform its viewers about it . And Fox has been so blithe about the contribution that Fox News Sunday 's Chris Wallace named the RGA 's executive director his `` Power Player of the Week . ''
So get to know your senior Chamber personnel , because if Wallace 's RGA puff is any indication , you may be seeing more of them on Fox News . And expect Fox to say even less about the Chamber donation that it did about the RGA one .
UPDATE :
Media Matters VP Ari Rabin-Havt released the following statement in response to News Corp. 's latest donation :
When Margaret Koshinsky was diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer in October 2013 she knew she would be in for the fight of her life . What she did n't bargain for was fighting to get back her job .
Koshinsky 's doctor told her she had an aggressive form of the disease and so her treatment had to match .
The Winnipeg Folk Festival is an outdoor music festival that kicks off this weekend . ( Travis Ross , photographer ) The 50-year-old started chemotherapy almost immediately while maintaining her position as manager of marketing and communications for the Winnipeg Folk Festival , a job she loved and had been doing for four years .
Eventually the cancer treatment took its toll and a temporary replacement was hired to fill in while Koshinsky was on long-term disability .
`` I had to stop in early February because I was very , very sick , '' said Koshinsky . `` The goal was always for me to return to my job . ''
Koshinsky endured eight months of chemotherapy , followed by surgery , and six weeks of radiation .
`` That 's all I did for one year and then when it was over . I was expecting to be feeling myself and it was n't until then that my oncologist said , 'Actually the fatigue from the radiation peaks 12 weeks after you 're finished . We 're not expecting for you to be working again for at least a year , ' '' she said .
Cleared to return to work
Margaret Koshinsky survived cancer but lost her job in the process . ( Margaret Koshinsky ) By the fall of 2015 , Koshinsky was feeling better and was medically cleared to go back to work . The insurance company asked her boss if she could be placed in a part-time shared position as a gradual return but that request was denied . Koshinsky was told based on the small size of the not-for-profit organization and the nature of her job , it could not be accommodated .
`` They basically said that it was too difficult to accommodate , '' Koshinsky said . `` After reviewing the work and giving consideration to it they did n't think it was possible . ''
Worried her boss would never approve a gradual return to work , Koshinsky contacted her insurance company to see if there was a way to get herself up to speed for full-time employment . They arranged for a trainer who put her through a rigorous 12-week work simulation program to build up her stamina for a typical work day .
Then in early February she got some good news . Her boss was prepared to let her come back on a gradual return .
But weeks before her April 18 start date , Koshinsky learned her job had been filled permanently and she would not be reinstated . Her employment was terminated June 6 , 2016 , the same day her long-term disability coverage ended .
`` I was told the organization 's operations are the priority and it was such a busy time they needed to fill the job , '' Koshinsky said . `` I kind of feel like I 'm a little expelled from a community that I love , ''
She believes the reason for her dismissal is that her boss does n't think she can do the job at the same level she did before the cancer diagnosis .
`` I was a valued employee before cancer , so what happened ? , '' said Koshinsky .
Koshinsky consulted a lawyer and has filed a complaint with the Manitoba Human Rights Commission .
Folk Festival responds
`` We attempted to accommodate Ms Koshinsky up to the point of undue hardship . We also ensured we protected her eligibility for benefits for the length of the leave , '' said Folk Festival Executive Director Lynne Skromeda .
`` We appreciate that she may have been disappointed with the results . We can confirm she filed a complaint with the Human Rights Commission and we have filed a reply that will be dealt with in that forum in due course , '' Skromeda said .
Ca n't fire due to disability
`` If the employer 's decision to terminate the person on disability is because of the disability , that 's offside , '' said Winnipeg Labour Lawyer Garth Smorang .
Smorang said discrimination based on age , gender , sexual orientation , ethnic background , and disability is a violation of The Human Rights Code .
`` The employer would have to show legitimate business reasons why that person was being let go . Downturn in business , your job is no longer available , '' said Smorang . `` Solid reasons over and above 'It 's a hassle ' or 'We 'd rather not because we 're small and we do n't have the resources to do that . ' ''
Smorang said like with a maternity leave , companies ca n't opt to hire someone else on a permanent basis just because they do n't want to wait for the employee to return .
`` Sometimes the barriers the employers raise are really barriers of convenience or barriers of past practice . 'This is how we 've always done it ' ... That 's not going to be a good enough answer , '' he said .
If the Manitoba Human Rights Commission finds sufficient evidence to back Koshinsky 's claims , her case could be referred it to an independent adjudicator . Smorang said in the past , adjudicators have recommended an employee be reinstated , or ordered companies to pay for lost wages .
`` The Winnipeg Folk Festival is a publicly funded non-profit arts organization and the community upholds it to a higher standard , '' Koshinsky said . `` I just do n't feel it 's appropriate for me to remain silent . ''
The company 's website states , `` We create environments that are welcoming , safe , accessible and respectful , '' an image Koshinsky says she worked hard to promote for years . She never imagined she 'd have to find another job after battling breast cancer .
`` It 's me and a dog and a mortgage , '' Koshinsky said . `` It is definitely a financial hardship . ''
In the short term , she plans to use her savings to pay bills , but may be forced to sell her house if she does n't find work soon . And while the stress of not having a job to go back to have been difficult , Koshinsky tries to focus on the positive .
`` I 'm just so very blessed to be healthy again , and nothing , not even this , can take away that joy . ''
Post category : Articles
Gary Lee •
By Gary Lee and Micah Wylde
Two years ago , we publicly launched our first fraud product with the goal of making it easy for anybody to leverage the same machine learning technology that protects the largest internet retailers . That product had a very simple interface : we provided one API for sending data about user behavior and another to query the fraud score of a user . But as our customer base grew , we needed better internal tools to debug and surface customer issues . A couple of engineers wrote a small Rails app , which became the first version of the Sift Science console :
It consisted of a few pages that queried MongoDB—then our primary data store—while performing some basic filtering and formatting . The entire console was built with server-side templates and used Rails for authentication and routing .
In the summer of 2013 big changes were underway . We had a hunch that fraud analysts and e-commerce store owners would find the console to be a valuable tool , so two interns set out to build the first public-facing Sift console . Since we wanted to move quickly , we kept our APIs in Rails , which now served a single-page Backbone app . The front-end stack was rounded out with Marionette for views and Handlebars for templating . The upgraded Console launched in August 2013 and looked like this :
Over the next year the Console became the primary interface for many of our users and grew in features and ambition . Unfortunately , our architecture strained to keep up . We found Marionette 's two-way data binding to be unwieldy ; it became difficult to share views without side-effects . We were also limited by the operators in Handlebars ' templating language , and we quickly found ourselves with a thousand-line “ handlebars.helpers.js ” file to manage our display logic . Our module structure grew inconsistent . Initially , our models and views were grouped together by purpose ; however , as soon as we started to reuse models and views independently , we ended up needing big refactoring jobs to minimize clumsy exports and confusingly nested classes .
We realized that building reusable components would be critical for us to continue moving fast as the team and product grew . After experimenting with React , we came to a consensus that its one-way data flow and simple , declarative markup could solve a lot of our problems .
We were also hitting issues with our backend . Scaling challenges with Mongo prompted us to migrate most of our data to HBase , but there was no Ruby client at the time . Providing data to the console required three steps : 1 ) javascript code would 2 ) call a Rails API , which would 3 ) hit a private Java endpoint that read from HBase . In many cases , this involved replicating object representation and data manipulation code across three languages . In the best case , Rails acted as a proxy between the browser and our internal RPCs ; in the worst it was adding significant complexity of its own . Taken together , it looked like this :
Aside from the complexity that this added to development and operation , it also limited customer and internal access to valuable data . The APIs exposed in Rails were ad-hoc , added as needed to drive the UI without much thought for reusability or design , and not suitable for others to use .
So we decided to start fresh . Our goals were three-fold : 1 ) simplifying development ; 2 ) improving user experience ; and 3 ) providing our customers greater access to their data . We began with a commitment to an API-driven development process . All new features in our console would start as APIs that exposed the necessary data . These APIs would support the console , but would also be available for internal and eventually customer use . All APIs would need a consistent , considered design and documentation . The console itself would be a consumer of these APIs , but not a special one . Built as a true client-side app , with static HTML , JavaScript , and CSS , it would have no special privileges in our system . In principle , our customers could build their own console as powerful as the one we provided .
We were also going to need new tools to make this system work . On the server side we decided to consolidate on the JVM , the platform that our machine learning and data processing code ran on , and it provided the best access to HBase . For RESTful API development , we settled on DropWizard , a collection of light-weight Java libraries for building web services .
Taken together , our new architecture looks something like this :
We 'll be discussing here over the next few weeks how we got from the first diagram to the second , a process that took nearly nine months . We managed the change with little customer impact , while continuing to launch features and a complete redesign .
Astros Double-A Report : Corpus Christi Hooks ( July 13-19 )
Several members of the Double-A Corpus Christi Hooks are prime topics of Astros trade rumors as the July 31 deadline approaches . The Astros may actually be buyers for the first time in many years , and because the farm system is stocked with talent , players such as Brett Phillips , A.J . Reed , Josh Hader , and Joseph Musgrove are mentioned as possible trade bait .
Baseball America placed Hooks outfielder Phillips at # 21 in their July 7 Midseason Top 50 Prospects , and although no other Hooks player made the list , all four of these men are serious prospects .
The upside to offering any of these four in a trade would be for Houston to obtain a front-line , premium starting pitcher . Considered by many to be the prime Astros need to contend for a playoff spot , such a pitcher will command a package of talent .
The downside , of course , is that the Astros spent the past four years or so building the farm system with the priority of giving the parent club the best possible lineup – building from within the organization . Obviously , only some of the minor league talent will end up on the Astros , and the tough choice is to decide whom to keep . Because these Astros minor leaguers are untested at the top level , any team willing to part with a big-name starter is going to ask for a large package of prospects . None of the four players mentioned above is on the 40-man roster , and without such protection , the Astros risk losing them via the Rule Five draft .
Trade proponents insist that it is better to trade prospects rather than risk losing them with no compensation ( other than the dollar amount associated with a team taking a player by Rule Five ) . Trade opponents insist that some on the current 40-man roster should be dealt , or DFA 'd , leaving open spots for prospects we surely do n't want to lose . Those would include , in my opinion , Phillips , Reed , Colin Moran , Jack Mayfield , Jon Kemmer , and Chris Devenski .
This is what former Astros star Morgan Ensberg thinks of Jack Mayfield :
And another thing… @ jackmayfield8 has decided to swing the bat like a BIG DOG ! Just think Jose Bautista hack without the beard . # TrustFall — Morgan Ensberg ( @ MorganEnsberg ) June 12 , 2015
The recently promoted Phillips , Reed , and Mayfield are making substantial contributions to this team that already had a core of good young players . Kemmer is not often mentioned in trade talks , and his name is not on the Baseball America prospects list . However , his potent bat is a big part of the picture at Whataburger Field . Third baseman Moran got off to a slow start and spent some time on the disabled list , but has begun to hit and has raised his average to .291 in 53 games .
This week the Hooks went 3-3 , bringing their record to 60-33 overall , but only 12-11 in the second half . They are now in third place in the South Division , two games behind first-place Midland .
Teoscar Hernandez leads the Texas League in runs ( 59 ) . He is the only Hooks player near the top of the league 's offensive leader board .
Kyle Westwood leads Texas League pitchers in complete games ( 2 ) , and Jandel Gustave is tied for the lead in saves ( 11 ) . Devenski is second in the league in ERA ( 1.92 ) , and WHIP ( 1.02 ) and , along with Westwood , is tied for second place in wins ( 7 ) .
Hook batters lead the league in runs ( 477 ) , hits ( 834 ) , RBI ( 433 ) , stolen bases ( 111 ) , OBP ( .354 ) , and average ( .273 ) .
Corpus Christi pitchers lead the league in wins ( 60 ) , 11 more than second place Midland . They are also first in ERA ( 3.26 ) , saves ( 30 ) , the fewest runs and earned runs allowed ( 327 , 295 ) , and fewest walks ( 263 ) .
The cover photo is courtesy of @ QCBanditPhotog .
Other notes :
Event : 2012 MetroPCS Orange Bowl Basketball Classic
Location : BB & T Center – Sunrise , FL [ Capacity : 20,737 ]
Time : 4:30 p.m. EST
TV : FSN/FSNHD ( Rich Waltz , Mark Wise )
SiriusXM : 94/201 | Radio : Gator Radio Network [ Affiliates ]
Online Video : None | Mobile Video : None
Live Updates : @ OnlyGators on Twitter and SportsYapper app
No . 11 FLORIDA GATORS AIR FORCE FALCONS Head Coach : Billy Donovan Head Coach : Dave Pilipovich Record : 8-2 Record : 8-2 Conference : Southeastern Conference : Mountain West Roster | Schedule Roster | Schedule
Odds : Florida -20.5 | O/U 131.5
HISTORY / STREAKS / STATS
» Florida is 1-0 all-time against Air Force with the lone game played in 1963 as part of the Gator Bowl Tournament . UF took a 74-68 victory in that game and is 3-1 all-time against service academies .
» The Gators are 9-2 all-time in the OBBC and will be participating in the event for the 12th time in the last 13 years .
» Four of UF 's regular starters are averaging double figures .
» Florida has held six of its 10 opponents under 50 points but has given up 61 or more points in three of its last six games ( 1-2 ) .
» UF is 33-3 since the beginning of the 2011-12 season when holding opponents under 71 points in a game ( 8-2 in 2012-13 ) .
» The Gators were just 3-5 against top-25 opponents last season with all five losses coming to top-three teams . UF is currently scheduled to take on seven top-25 opponents as part of the 2012-13 campaign and is already 1-1 in such games .
» Florida is third nationally in scoring defense ( 51.3 ) , eighth in scoring margin ( +20.9 ) , 13th in field goal percentage defense ( .359 ) and 20th in rebound margin ( +8.7 ) .
» The Gators are ninth nationally in fouling , committing 13.6 per game , and 111th nationally in assists , dishing just 14.0 per game .
» All five Falcons starters are seniors .
» Air Force seventh nationally in three-pointers per game ( 9.1 ) and turnover margin ( +6.1 ) , 15th nationally in three-point shooting ( .492 ) and 28th in assists ( 16.5 ) .
» The Falcons are 199th in rebounding margin ( -0.1 ) and 277th in free throw shooting , connecting on just 64.6 percent of their attempts from the charity stripe .
» Air Force has eight players that have attempted 10 or more treys already this season .
Read the rest of the Florida-Air Force preview with much more after the break !
WHAT 'S AT STAKE / PLAYER TO WATCH
FLORIDA
After blowing out opponents in its first seven games , Florida has been on a bit of a downswing as of late , losing two of its last three contests to a top-tier opponent in Arizona and up-and-comer in Kansas State . The Gators are hoping to conclude their non-conference schedule without another blemish and must take down a hot-shooting Falcons squad in order to do so . Florida has had at least two non-conference losses every season since the 2005-06 campaign and now must make sure it does not pick up a third in yet another neutral site contest .
» Senior guard Kenny Boynton ( # 1 ) , on a massive slump in which he is 13-of-51 ( .255 ) from the field and 4-of-32 ( .125 ) from downtown over the last five games , will have a great opportunity to break out of his cold spell with a game that stands as an annual homecoming for him . Committing to the Gators out of Pompano Beach , FL , Boynton has historically done well in this event . He took home Most Valuable Player honors in 2011 after draining six threes as part of a game-high 22-point performance against Texas A & M . Boynton broke out of a similar shooting slump in the 2010 game , scoring a team-high 15 points to lead Florida over Kansas State . According to the UF school website , Boynton will see more action at off-guard , where he is more comfortable , after handling most of the point guard duties early in the year .
AIR FORCE
Florida was supposed to have the upper hand against Kansas State but slipped up in neutral site game in Kansas City , MO last week . The Gators should have a similar advantage over the Falcons heading into Saturday 's contest , but Air Force can certainly pull off an upset victory and continue what has already been the second-best start through 10 games in school history . The Falcons must stick with what they do best – draining threes – even though UF has at times shown it can play solid perimeter defense . Air Force must also figure out a way to stay even with Florida on the boards despite being one of the worst teams nationally in that area of the game . It will take a complete effort in all phases of the game , but the Falcons are undoubtedly prepared and ready to give it their best shot .
» Senior G Michael Lyons ( # 14 ) leads his conference in scoring and is by far and away the top basket-maker on Air Force , posting 20.5 points per game ( the next two scorers combine for 21.4 points per contest ) . He also follows his shot well and uses his size ( 6 ' 5 ” ) to lead the team in rebounding with 5.3 boards per contest . Lyons also hits 70.3 percent of his free throws and can be pesky on defense , too . When a team 's offense is centered on one player like Lyons , limiting his effectiveness becomes priority number one for opposing defenses .
CLIMBING THE CHARTS
Boynton is in his fourth year as a starter for the Gators . He is quickly making his way up many of Florida 's all-time lists and is already first in school history in three-point field goal attempts ( 818 ) . He currently leads the SEC in career points ( 1,713 ) and three-pointers ( 279 ) among active players .
Career scoring
1 . Ronnie Williams – 2,090 points
4 . Erving Walker – 1,777 points
5 . Kenny Boynton – 1,713 points
Minutes
1 . Erving Walker – 4,358
5 . Ronnie Williams – 3,898
6 . Kenny Boynton – 3,807
Starts
1 . Andrew DeClerq – 128
4 . Eugene McDowell – 117
5 . Kenny Boynton – 115
Three-pointers made
1 . Lee Humphrey – 288
2 . Erving Walker – 285
3 . Kenny Boynton – 279
Field goal attempts
1 . Stacey Poole – 1,578
3 . Gene Shy – 1,415
4 . Dwayne Schintzius – 1,407
5 . Kenny Boynton – 1,406
Boynton is also approaching the top 10 in games played ( 12 away ) , field goals made ( 14 away ) free throws made ( 32 away ) and assists ( 50 away ) .
by Duriba Khan – Follow @ BeingDuriba –
This post was originally published on our partner website India.com .
I consider myself desi by all means . I grew up reciting Kareena Kapoor 's fierce lines as Poo in “ Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham ” in the mirror as a young girl , deciding between rice or roti for every meal , whistling the intro to “ Fanaa ” during passing periods in middle school , and proudly clinking my payaal against my ankle as I sauntered past crowds who refused to pronounce my name correctly even though I learned a whole language for them .
I will never be that girl who is embarrassed or ashamed of my culture , and the twinkle in my eye , when the barista at Starbucks compliments my kurti with distressed jeans combination , is solid evidence of this . To me , being desi means being different— and I mean the good kind . The kind that involves flavorful dishes , a colorful culture , and loud music . The kind of different , nay , the “ exotic ” you will imitate at Coachella and sway your hips to in Zumba class . The kind you will never be able to replicate because you simply ca n't .
I have always been aware of my desiness…and why would n't I be ? Every morning , it stared back at me in the mirror . It housed itself in my thick eyebrows , planted its cocoa seeds in my skin , and it lived in my movements : from the flick of my wrist to the nod of my head .
But my relationship with my culture and identity is n't always a rainbow and butterflies . There are nights behind locked bathroom doors where I have taken my familiar spot on the cold tile and sighed , epilator in hand , fully aware that I was being mocked somewhere . I wish I was normal , I would think every time I looked down at my curry-stained french manicure . I wish I did n't have to worry about my appearance this much , I would ponder while applying an extra coat of lipstick to distract from the acne sprouting off my left cheek….because what would Aunty say ?
My parents are n't even the desi-est . Although my mother prides herself in gold rings grazing eight of her ten knuckles and my father spends much of his time pursuing cursory glances at Pakistan 's news , both speak fluent English and work day jobs . Mama makes rice , sure , but it 's burgers and pasta on the weekend . Papa reads up on Pakistan 's political situation , sure , but twenty to thirty minutes later he 's head bopping to Uptown Funk blaring from his 2008 Honda Pilot 's ( what did you expect ? ) stereo system .
In fact , looking back on my life experiences , there is not much my parents have actively done to help me preserve my desiness . We speak English at home and , contrary to every desi gene in my body , I ca n't handle spicy food . But there has been one thing that constantly reinforces my desi ideals upon me , and that is Bollywood . Because of it 's huge influence in my life , I grew up idolizing Shahrukh Khan instead of Justin Timberlake and trying embarrassingly hard to get my bangle stuck in a guy 's kurta at my cousin 's wedding . Forget Apple Bottom Jeans ; to me it was all about salwaars , socks , and trainers . Admittedly , It was n't until the seventh grade or so that I developed a socially acceptable fashion sense where I did n't look like I had landed in America a month ago .
I then took it to become overly circumspect of my culture and appearance . My eyebrows bothered me , and I considered wearing salwaar kameez in public social suicide . I refused to consume the tiniest particle of masala and suddenly , Mamma was a fob . I can not trace the root of these thoughts , but if I could , I would be all means incinerate it .
Although it took me many years to fully be glad of my culture and heritage , I now wear it on my heart and sleeve . My tan skin is the most desireable in the world , and I fall more and more in love with the way my aunt 's thick braid drapes across her back like a waterfall because my desiness has shaped my mind , anchored my personality , influenced my ideals and crafted me into the bhangra-ing , blogging , Starbucks addict of an Indian-Pakistani-American I am today . My desiness matters to me , and I would like to matter to it .
Duriba Khan , or “ D-Dawg ” , is a sixteen-year-old blogging , vlogging , photographing , filmmaking , sketching geek who enjoys long , romantic walks to the refrigerator . She is half-Pakistani and half-Indian , and currently resides in Austin , Texas . Duriba also feels uncomfortable writing about herself in the third person . For more of Duriba 's work , check out her blog .
Comments
A Very , Very Condensed History of the Multiverse Posted by Seth Weinstein on August 8 , 2016 · 37 Comments
The Magic : The Gathering storyline is convoluted , hard to find in one place , and contains many less-than-relevant plot details . Here , I will attempt to gather only the most meaningful places , events , and people . If you have no idea where to start with Magic lore , this is your entry point .
Chapter One : Yawgmoth and The Thran
Our story begins on the plane of Dominaria . Long before the five colors of Magic were mastered , a civilization known as the Thran Empire made powerful artifacts fueled by magical battery-rocks called Powerstones . This was well and good until it was discovered that these Powerstones were giving people diseases ; to combat this , the Thran leaders called in a disease specialist named Yawgmoth . Yawgmoth had a bit of a sketchy reputation , and had been exiled once before , but he cured the disease and rose to great power in doing so . Unfortunately for him , it was soon discovered that during his exile , he committed horrific acts in the name of studying disease . A civil war broke out between Yawgmoth 's supporters and the people who knew the truth about him , and Yawgmoth realized his time with the Thran was nearing its end .
Yawgmoth saw an opportunity when a Planeswalker named Dyfed visited the Thran Empire . Planeswalkers , as you may or may not know , are individuals of immense magical power and talent who have the ability to travel between planes at will . Yawgmoth tricked Dyfed and convinced her to find him a new plane to call home . Dyfed found Phyrexia , a metal world of nine nested spheres abandoned by its original creator . She constructed a portal there and brought Yawgmoth , who populated it with his own followers and began using his background in genetic manipulation to reshape the plane to his vision .
Eventually Dyfed realized Yawgmoth was up to no good , but the damage was done ; Yawgmoth had bound himself to the core of the plane . He had essentially become a god , Phyrexia had become Machine Undeath Hell World , and his followers had become horrific mutated amalgamations of twisted metal and decaying flesh . Yawgmoth began his campaign to crush the Thran , and was horribly successful . The Thran were able to seal the Phyrexian portal with a Powerstone , but their civilization was already doomed to extinction . The Thran died out , but Dominaria was safe from the Phyrexian threat… for now .
Chapter Two : Urza and the Phyrexian Invasion
The Phyrexian portal laid undiscovered for eons until it was found by two archaeologist brothers , Urza and Mishra . They removed the portal 's Powerstone , breaking it in half and each keeping one piece for themselves . This began the Brothers ' War , in which both Urza and Mishra gathered huge armies and constructed deadly artifacts in a bloody struggle for both halves of the stone . Further complicating matters was the Phyrexian officer Gix , who became aware that the portal was once again active and used it to infiltrate both sides of the war .
Eventually , there came a final climactic battle between the two brothers . Urza injured Mishra during this battle , and in his wound Urza saw that Mishra had replaced parts of his body with machinery , like the Phyrexian infiltrators . He blamed the Phyrexians for the tragic war against his brother and flew into a rage , activating an artifact of immense power and destroying both his and his brother 's armies . The explosion disabled the Phyrexian portal and caused Urza to ascend , becoming a planeswalker with his eyes replaced by the two halves of the Powerstone .
Urza left the plane of Dominaria and began his millennia-long preparation for his war against the Phyrexians . He developed the Legacy Weapon , a device powered by several powerful artifacts including the Powerstone , a silver golem named Karn , and Gerrard Capashen , a human heir Urza engineered with a multi-generational breeding project . Meanwhile , Yawgmoth had started loading his armies onto an artificial plane called Rath , with the intention of merging the plane with Dominaria and therefore bringing his entire force there at once .
After lifetimes of planning , the Phyrexian Invasion began . Yawgmoth overlaid Rath onto Dominaria , and the full extent of the Phyrexian horror arrived on the plane . Urza and Gerrard were eventually captured by the Phyrexians and forced to fight each other in arena combat , during which Gerrard decapitated Urza . Gerrard escaped Phyrexia with Urza 's head and reunited with Karn , shoving Urza 's Powerstone eyes into Karn 's chest and completing the Legacy Weapon . The blast destroyed Yawgmoth , consumed Gerrard , ended the war , and caused Karn to gain the powers of a Planeswalker . Dominaria was ravaged , but once again safe from Phyrexia .
Chapter Three : Karn Tries To Fix Everything
Devastated after the horrors he had witnessed during the war , Karn used his newfound Planeswalker powers to create a plane of his own vision : Argentum , a world made entirely of metal . The depressed Karn lingered on his plane in a self-imposed exile , but still sent out probes to keep tabs on Dominaria . One probe , however , was flawed , and became the Mirari , a magical orb with the ability to grant the deepest desires of its user . To make a long story short , the Mirari was not good for Dominaria and led to the creation of a demigod and yet another continent-engulfing apocalypse .
When Karn became aware of this , he returned to Dominaria to retrieve his creation . He brought the Mirari to Argentum and gifted it to his most trusted golem . Tasking the golem with protecting the plane Karn had created , Karn set out to explore the Multiverse . Meanwhile , the golem slowly became corrupted by the Mirari and traces of Phyrexian oil Karn had unknowingly brought with him to Argentum . He went insane and reshaped the world according to his vision , naming it Mirrodin and himself Memnarch . Karn had to come back and undo the damage he caused ( again ) , destroying Memnarch and recovering the Mirari .
It was about this point that Dominaria was starting to feel the strain from all the cataclysms that had happened there over the millennia . Rifts in time and space started appearing , causing strange disturbances throughout the plane . Karn teamed up with a bunch of other Planeswalkers to mend the rifts , each of them giving up their Planeswalker powers to seal the rifts in an event known as the Mending .
With the last of his Planeswalker powers , Karn flung himself back to Mirrodin , but he did not like what he had found . The same Phyrexian oil that had taken control of Memnarch was seeping into the rest of the plane , and a new Phyrexian menace was beginning to emerge . These Phyrexians trapped Karn in the core of the plane , declaring him the Father of Machines and tormenting his mind with their demented whispers . On the surface , a war was beginning to break out between the citizens of Mirrodin and these twisted abominations that had appeared .
Mirrodin , being made entirely of metal , was a fantastic breeding ground for the Phyrexians , and they were winning the war . A Mirran Planeswalker named Koth recruited two other planeswalkers , Elspeth Tirel and Venser , to help him fight the war . Elspeth was a valorous knight who had faced the Phyrexians before on her home plane , and Venser was an artificer who had helped Karn seal the portals during the Mending . The three journeyed to the center of Mirrodin in search of Karn , and found him driven nearly insane by the Phyrexians . Venser nobly sacrificed his life to transfer his Planeswalker powers to Karn , purifying him of the Phyrexian corruption and restoring him to Planeswalker status .
But , once again , the damage was done . Koth , Karn , and Elspeth returned to the surface to find Phyrexia had overrun the plane , turned almost every being into their corrupted vision of life , and declared Mirrodin was now New Phyrexia . Devastated by guilt , overwhelmed with fear , and weary from battle , Karn and Elspeth fled the plane to recover and gather support for yet another Phyrexian war . Koth remained , and continues to fight for his home world to this day .
Chapter Four : Bolas and The Eldrazi
Before the Mending , Planeswalkers were essentially gods . They lived forever , could change their appearance at will , and had near-limitless powers . The Mending took away the majority of that power , leaving Planeswalkers the ability to travel from plane to plane at will but otherwise making them no more than very talented wizards .
Nicol Bolas , a dragon Planeswalker who had lived an exceptionally long time , was not pleased at this development , and dedicated himself to doing whatever it took to restore his former powers . Being an ancient dragon of unmatched power , patience , and intelligence , his plans were intricate , manipulative , and eon-spanning . The most devastating of these plans was the release of the three Eldrazi titans .
Many millennia ago , the titans Emrakul , Kozilek , and Ulamog roamed the Multiverse , all-powerful and ever-hungry . They would manifest on a plane , devour its energy and inhabitants , and promptly leave for the next one . The spirit dragon Planeswalker Ugin recognized their threat to the Multiverse and , fearing they could n't ( or should n't ? ) be killed , decided to trap them to one plane , endangering the plane but sparing the Multiverse . With the help of two other Planeswalkers , the vampire Sorin Markov and the lithomancer Nahiri , Ugin rendered the Eldrazi inert and bound them to the plane of Zendikar , where they would stay for 6000 years and eventually be forgotten .
But Bolas did not forget . For reasons currently unknown but undoubtedly sinister , he tricked three other Planeswalkers into releasing the seal on Zendikar . The Eldrazi were freed , and posed a threat to the Multiverse once again . Emrakul gathered enough strength to abandon Zendikar after a short while , but Ulamog and Kozilek stayed to consume and ravage the plane .
The Planeswalker Gideon Jura was on the plane when the titans were released . After nearly losing his life fighting them , he planeswalked away , intending to seek help from other Planeswalkers and return to put a stop to the Eldrazi menace . He recruited a team of Planeswalkers to help him : Jace Beleren , a mind mage ; Chandra Nalaar , a pyromancer ; and Nissa Revane , a nature mage . Jace , Chandra , and Nissa all had a personal stake in this battle ; Jace and Chandra were two of the Planeswalkers manipulated into opening the seal , and Zendikar was Nissa 's home plane . Together , and through much hardship , they actually managed to kill both Ulamog and Kozilek before Zendikar was completely destroyed .
Having witnessed the incredible damage done to the plane , the four Planeswalkers agreed that with their power , they had a responsibility to prevent events like this from happening to other planes . They formed a team and dubbed themselves The Gatewatch . Their first order of business was to find Emrakul , the missing third Eldrazi titan . Jace left Zendikar to seek out Sorin Markov on his home plane of Innistrad , hoping that he would have some answers . But Jace did n't even have to find Sorin to get his answer ; a centuries-old feud between Sorin and Nahiri had caused the lithomancer to summon Emrakul directly to Innistrad .
Jace called the rest of the Gatewatch to Innistrad and they attempted to defeat Emrakul as they did the previous two Titans , but Emrakul was much more powerful than Ulamog and Kozilek were . Even with the help of the necromancer Planeswalker Liliana Vess , the newest addition to the Gatewatch , the battle was looking hopeless . The plane was only saved by the help of the lunar sage Planeswalker Tamiyo , who helped the Gatewatch seal Emrakul away in Innistrad 's moon . But the victory was not a true one ; Emrakul , sensing Innistrad 's resistance to her , had sealed herself in the moon by taking control of Tamiyo , promising to return when Innistrad was ready to accept her . Creepy !
This brings us to the present day in the Magic storyline , with New Phyrexia and Nicol Bolas still presenting ever-increasing threats to the Multiverse , and Emrakul 's return looming over Innistrad 's horizon . Congratulations ! You 're caught up . If you want to read more , I recommend skimming through the pages of the MtG Salvation Wiki . You can also get a “ where are they now ? ” of current Planeswalkers on the official Wizards of the Coast website , as well as all of the official Magic stories sorted by plane .
If you find I 've made an error here , do n't freak out ! Just leave a comment or tweet me at @ setheweinstein and I 'll correct it .
All images © 1995 – 2016 Wizards of the Coast LLC
Advertisements
The Synergy Spectrum , and how to use it for Hour of Devastation
When you 're new to Magic , you may not have much of a reason for adding cards to your deck . When you 're an experienced player , every card you put in your deck is there because it 's powerful and/or synergistic with the strategy you 're going for .
In between , as a developing player , you start to notice synergistic cards and try to exploit that synergy . But without the experience , sometimes it can be difficult to decide when a card is good because of the synergy , or just a good card on its own .
I noticed this a fair bit during Kaladesh block . I heard developing players say things like “ I put this ( bad ) artifact in my deck because I had [ mtg_card ] Welding Sparks [ /mtg_card ] ” , or “ I ca n't run this [ mtg_card ] Tidy Conclusion [ /mtg_card ] , I do n't have enough artifacts ” . Or “ I do n't have any ways of making Energy , so I did n't run this [ mtg_card ] Thriving Grubs [ /mtg_card ] ” . Or in Amonkhet draft : “ I did n't run [ mtg_card ] Binding Mummy [ /mtg_card ] because I 'm not a Zombie deck ” .
It 's an easy trap to fall into
You 've correctly identified the synergy pattern of “ jump through hoop - > payoff ” . That might be controlling artifacts , having energy or casting Zombies . But what you have n't spotted is that the card will still be good for you even without the payoff . The added complexity of the card turns out to be a trap . In fact , if Welding Sparks simply read “ 2R , Instant , Welding Sparks deals 3 damage to target creature ” , you might have built your deck better .
The Synergy Spectrum
When evaluating a synergy card , I think about where it falls along the following spectrum :
What is the base level of strength for this card ( Weak – Strong ) ? How good is the reward I get for building around this card ? ( Small reward – Large reward )
Here are some quick examples of cards at each end of the spectrum .
Weak base level , small reward – I will not put this card in my deck
Strong base level , small reward – I will run this card in almost any deck , and will not try to build my deck around it . I might use this card as a tie-breaker when choosing between cards of a similar power level later in a draft .
Weak base level , large reward – this is what is also known as a ‘ build-around ' card . I will only run this card in my deck if I can build my deck around it , but if I have picked this card early in a draft I will attempt to do that .
Strong base level , large reward – it is unusual to have a build around card with a strong reward that 's good on its own outside of rare or mythic rare . Usually this type of card is good enough that I do n't have to worry too much about building around it , but will take the opportunity if it comes up .
But a cycle of cards in Hour of Devastation has made me reconsider
That cycle is the five uncommon cards with Aftermath , in ally colours .
And , in particular , [ mtg_card ] Farm//Market [ /mtg_card ] , [ mtg_card ] Consign//Oblivion [ /mtg_card ] , and [ mtg_card ] Struggle//Survive [ /mtg_card ] .
These are n't synergy cards
You do n't have to play a load of Zombies , or Artifacts , or anything like that . But we can still look at them on the spectrum . This time , instead synergy with other cards in our deck , the hoop we 'd have to jump through to get the reward of the card is playing a second colour .
On the face of it , each of those three is a multi-coloured card . But look again at the ‘ front ' side of those cards – their base level . Farm is just the same card as [ mtg_card ] Kill Shot [ /mtg_card ] , a strong playable . It 's actually strictly better than [ mtg_card ] Sandblast [ /mtg_card ] , which appears at common in Hour of Devastation ! Consign is the same as [ mtg_card ] Disperse [ /mtg_card ] , another playable card . And Struggle is an instant speed [ mtg_card ] Ground Assault [ /mtg_card ] , albeit for one mana more . Effectively , what you have in Struggle is a red version of [ mtg_card ] Murder [ /mtg_card ] . All three of these cards have a strong base level . It 's just that this time , the base level is the front side of the card !
Now , in the case of Farm//Market and Consign//Oblivion , the rewards you get are also pretty good . But since they fall into the strong base level part of the spectrum , we can run them in any deck that can cast them . The added complexity of these cards is , once again , a trap .
So do n't make the mistake of thinking you have to be in White/Blue to play Farm//Market , or Red/Green to play Struggle//Survive . If you are , you get a small reward – in this case , you get to cast the second half of the card . But just like Welding Sparks , the cards are good enough on their own .
Thanks for reading ,
George Miles
The Synergy Spectrum , and how to use it for Hour of Devastation , by George Miles Sometimes , developing players place too much emphasis on synergistic cards , when they 're good enough to play without the synergy . George has spotted some more cards like this in Hour of Devastation , and gives you the heads-up . George Miles
Please let us know what you think below ...
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The Bill Clinton presidential library on Friday released thousands of pages of documents from the Clinton presidency , including a batch of nearly 300 pages related to the health care reform effort led by Hillary Clinton . This series of memos from 1993 offers a fascinating inside-baseball account of the White House 's legislative strategy for passing health insurance reform . Anyone who has watched House of Cards would recognize the techniques ( though there are no murders ) presented in these memos : composing files on the past and current health care positions of every member of the House and Senate , setting up a health care “ university ” to educate lawmakers on key policy components , mounting a “ massive public communications campaign , ” and coaxing—that is , ego-stroking—of individual lawmakers .
Much of this coaxing was to be done by the first lady . One memo noted that Rep. John Dingell , the powerful chair of the energy and commerce committee , was pessimistic about enacting comprehensive reform . “ The best way to get Chairman Dingell back on board…is to make him feel that we need him ( as we do ) , ” an aide advised Hillary Clinton . Rep. Jack Brooks , who headed the House judiciary committee , was interested in limiting the antitrust exemption for the insurance industry . ( “ What he wants to hear is that you are aware of his legislation and that you and the President would like nothing less than to undercut his efforts in any way. ” ) New York Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , who had recently taken over the Senate finance committee , also was “ nervous , ” believing that “ health care reform will be complex , controversial , and potentially expensive. ” So Hillary was advised to focus on Sens . George Mitchell and Jay Rockefeller , other Democrats on the committee , who “ have the potential to actually ( although not visually ) run the Committee on this issue. ” One memo noted the “ desire ” of several moderate Republicans to work with the White House , but it reported that these members “ fear about how it will be perceived by the rest of Republicans. ” Prior to a meeting with several GOP senators , who were expected to complain about the lack of White House outreach , Hillary Clinton was advised to quickly push “ for movement to ‘ this is all water under a bridge ' language. ” Another memo called for establishing a “ time sensitive Mrs. Clinton thank you note system following important ( does not have to be all ) meetings with Members. ” A memo laying out the grand political strategy for the Clintons ' health care reform project described an “ essential ” component : “ Keep the health care industry divided , both in terms of whether they support or oppose us , and in terms of keeping them from ganging up on any single part of the overall package . ”
One intriguing memo to Hillary Clinton prepping her for a meeting with Rep. Jim McDermott , a Washington Democrat who was a fierce advocate of a single-payer system . Though Clinton 's reps had been telling progressive groups and unions in private meetings that she believed a single-payer health insurance program made sense , she and her aides had ruled it out for her health care initiative ( due to the political opposition such a proposal would draw ) and had opted for a much more complicated overhaul based on a requirement that employers provide health insurance through HMOs . Still , as this memo noted , Clinton could n't afford to tick off the single-payer crusaders : “ Cultivating a good and close relationship with the Congressman is becoming more and more important to us . Our House target list is filled with single-payer advocates , many of whom will look to him for a sign-off . Therefore , as difficult as it probably will be , we need to keep him happy and on our side. ” The memo reported that at a recent meeting of House Democrats , McDermott had spoken “ at some length about how the single payer system was so much easier to describe than the plan he thought the Administration would be proposing ” and suggested that McDermott had a rather elevated view of his own role in the ongoing health care reform debate .
This was the “ suggested approach ” Clinton was to take with McDermott :
As with all Members , and particularly Congressman McDermott , the goal at this meeting is to make him feel we are listening to him and desirous of his guidance . In this vein , you should consider throwing anything he throws at you as a complication right back at him with a question . Then , if you have concerns about his suggested approach , you can address it with him directly . ( This way , you do n't allow him the opportunity to pick apart anything before you have had a chance to hear and analyze his alternatives ) .
And Chris Jennings , the White House aide providing this advice , proposed a little trick for Hillary Clinton to pull :
Lastly , as staged and as presumptuous as this is , I might suggest that you consider throwing out all of the staff at the end of the meeting to hold a five minute private meeting with him . This will signal to him the closeness of your relationship with him , and the value you place on his confidential advice . ( The subject could be on virtually anything . )
Frank Underwood could do no better . But making nice with single-payer advocates—and winning over many of them—was not sufficient . Not enough Democratic senators got behind the Clintons ' plan— ” Anyone who thinks [ the Clinton health care plan ] can work in the real world as presently written is n't living in it , ” Moynihan declared—and the initiative crashed and burned . But perhaps Hillary learned a lesson or two about working with parochially minded members of the House and Senate that she later could apply during her time as a senator—and that may come in handy should she ever again be working in the White House .
Here 's the document :
After he canceled a rally at a Chicago university Friday night due to safety concerns , Donald Trump told CNN 's Don Lemon `` I certainly do n't incite violence . ''
Trump , however , has a history of calling for violent acts against those who protest at his events that goes back until at least August of last year .
And after canceling the rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion , which devolved into mayhem when protesters and supporters faced off , Trump pointed the finger at detractors for the violence that erupted .
Below are the recorded instances in which the Republican presidential candidate has called for , rejoiced in , or otherwise encouraged combat between supporters and detractors , in reverse chronological order .
SEE ALSO : Chaos ensues after Trump cancels rally due to safety concerns
`` I 'll beat the crap out of you . ''
At a campaign rally in Kansas City on Saturday , the day after the unrest in Chicago , Trump addressed an earlier event in Dayton , Ohio , when a protester tried to storm the stage .
The candidate said he would have fought the person had he reached the lectern and mimed punching him a few times .
`` I 'll beat the crap out of you , '' he then mouthed .
`` Part of the problem ... is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore . ''
Demonstrators interrupted a Trump rally in St. Louis , Missouri , Friday . As they were being escorted out of the venue , the candidate bemoaned the fact that there were no longer `` consequences '' to protesting and insisted the `` country has to toughen up . ''
“ You know , part of the problem and part of the reason it takes so long is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore , right ? '' he explained . His remarks are heard just after the seven-minute mark in the video above .
Outside the event , people screamed profanity and anti-Muslim rhetoric at each other while a bloodied protester was given medical treatment . Thirty two people were arrested .
`` The audience hit back . That 's what we need a little bit more of . ''
Donald Trump calls supporters ' violence against protesters `` appropriate , '' says `` that 's what we need more of . `` https : //t.co/N28Wj5l3Ji — Mashable News ( @ MashableNews ) March 11 , 2016
At a press conference in Florida earlier on Friday , Trump was asked about his rhetoric in the wake of an incident in which a supporter at a rally in Fayetteville , North Carolina , sucker-punched a black man in the face .
While he was n't asked about that specific altercation , Trump said of violent behavior in general at his events : `` The audience hit back and that 's what we need a little bit more of . ''
He also praised people using physical force at his rallies as `` appropriate . ''
On NBC 's Meet the Press on Sunday , Trump said he would have his team look into paying the legal fees of 78-year-old John McGraw , who was charged with assault and disorderly conduct after attacking the protester .
`` In the good old days this does n't happen because they used to treat them very , very rough . ''
Trump in NC on Weds : `` In the good old days this does n't happen because they used to treat them very , very rough . '' pic.twitter.com/vccazscgjT — Mashable News ( @ MashableNews ) March 11 , 2016
As protesters were being escorted out of the rally in Fayetteville on Wednesday , Trump told the crowd that the protesters were not being treated poorly enough .
“ They used to treat them very , very rough , and when they protested once , they would not do it again so easily , ” he said , before lamenting `` we 've become weak . ''
`` Try not to hurt him . If you do , I 'll defend you in court , do n't worry about it . ''
At a rally in Michigan in early March , Trump again seemed to give the green light to violent behavior . As a protester was being escorted out of the building , Trump marveled at what a `` fun time '' everyone was having .
`` Get him out , '' he then said . `` Try not to hurt him . If you do , I 'll defend you in court , do n't worry about it . ''
He then told an anecdote about a brawl at a prior rally that was `` amazing to watch . ''
`` I 'd like to punch him in the face . ''
At a Las Vegas rally in late February , as a protester was again being removed from the premises , Trump lamented that `` we 're not allowed to punch back anymore '' and reminisced about the halcyon `` old days , '' when a protester would `` be carried out on a stretcher . ''
The crowd is delighted , cheering , clapping and laughing .
He then said he 'd like to punch the man in the face , again to cheers .
`` Knock the crap out of them . ''
Trump : If you see someone getting ready to throw a tomato , 'knock the crap out of them ' pic.twitter.com/100AA2Bjww — POLITICO Video ( @ POLITICOvideo ) February 1 , 2016
After a protester threw a tomato at Trump at a previous event , he encouraged fighting at a later campaign stop in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , in early February .
`` If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato , knock the crap out of them , would you ? Seriously . '' He again promised to pay for any legal fees associated with an assault .
`` Maybe he should have been roughed up . ''
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
After a Black Lives Matter activist was kicked , punched and , he said , called the N-word at a campaign event in Birmingham , Alabama , in November , Trump expressed his approval .
`` Maybe he should have been roughed up because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing , '' the now frontrunner for the GOP presidential nomination told Fox & Friends the next day .
Trump said the man deserved the treatment because he had been `` very obnoxious '' and `` so loud . '' The remarks can be heard just after the 11-minute mark in the video above .
`` I do n't know if I 'll do the fighting myself or if other people will . ''
Black Lives Matter activists took over a Bernie Sanders campaign event in Seattle in August , asking for a moment of silence for Michael Brown , the teenager who was killed by a policeman in Ferguson , Missouri , in 2014 . Trump was asked how he would respond to a similar situation .
The candidate was defiant , and curious about who would get into a physical altercation when faced with protesters — him or his supporters .
That much , now , is clear .
This post has been updated with the addition of Trump 's comments at Friday 's St. Louis rally , Saturday 's Kansas City rally and Sunday 's interview on Meet the Press .
On Aug. 9 , Trump made comments at a North Carolina rally suggesting `` Second Amendment people '' could take action against Hillary Clinton if she were elected . Trump later insisted he was referring to their voting power , not inciting violence . More here .
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
Fisher called the Seminoles “ a complete team ” after his team 's 41-14 victory last Saturday over Miami . Saban said nearly the same thing after Alabama 's last game , a 45-10 dismantling of Tennessee on Oct. 26 .
Alabama runs a 3-4 defense . Florida State , which has traditionally been a 4-3 team , has shown some 3-4 looks this season , partly because of defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan , but also because of the addition of the assistants Jeremy Pruitt and Sal Sunseri , who coached under Saban . Pruitt was Alabama 's defensive backs coach from 2010-12 . Sunseri was an assistant coach at Alabama from 2009-11 .
The Florida State offensive line coach , Rick Trickett , is from Morgantown , W.Va. , 19 miles from Saban 's hometown , Fairmont . Trickett and Saban coached together at West Virginia in 1978 and 1979 , and Trickett coached with Saban at L.S.U . in 2000 .
The Crimson Tide and the Seminoles could line up and win with sheer talent , but both teams have structure and discipline . Saban and Fisher reel in egos , and there is a culture among the players that makes it difficult for them to act boisterous .
“ Nick Saban has the blueprint , and Florida State is working off that blueprint , ” said David Norrie , the color analyst for ESPN 's college radio broadcasts .
For instance , Norrie said : “ Alabama tests your will in the trenches ; that 's been their calling card the last four years . But you look at Florida State , their offensive line took over the game against Miami . ”
It has become a quarterback 's game with teams able to throw the ball from multiple formations to five receivers . Savage said Alabama and Florida State have hybrid players on defense — big , fast defenders who stop the run and defend the pass — who help both programs compete with the productive offenses .
So ends the stay of the second long-term Subaru BRZ we 've had in our fleet . What can we say ? We like these inexpensive sport coupes . I came into this BRZ 's life late in its stay with us , but bonding with it happened quickly . Rory Jurnecka called his 2013 silver Limited `` Burrzz . '' I settled on the somewhat clunky but no less satisfying SuBlueRu .
The Series.HyperBlue designation added a black and , um , Hyper Blue exterior and interior motif as well as some Alcantara to the seats . What else is special ? Not much beyond exclusivity ; only 500 exist . The paint attracted plenty of attention , both good and bad , while I cared for the car . I liked the exterior color combination but found it disappointing having to explain how it and exclusivity were the sole upgrades . On the flipside , our car was roughly the same price as a Limited BRZ at an as-tested $ 28,485 .
At 19,778 miles , our BRZ did n't cover as much distance as most in our long-term fleet . We like to see at least 20,000 miles over a year of ownership . Part of this has to do with how close I live to the office , but it 's mostly because we opted for more comfortable cars when faced with a long-distance drive . Why ? Although the BRZ offers the rear-drive handling balance we pine for , it does so at the expense of ride and comfort . The cabin allows plenty of road and tire noise , and the suspension tells you of every bump on the choppy city streets and freeways we have here in Los Angeles .
View 67 Photos
The BRZ does its center console right with an array of easily legible and simple switches . No touch-sensitive nonsense here .
It 's easy to overlook these standard-fare sports car criticisms with excuses like how engaging the car is to drive and how great the engine feels . But this is growing more difficult with the BRZ . The 200 horsepower from its 2.0-liter flat-four should be plenty , but enjoyable acceleration always seems one shift too far away . The gearing feels too tall , and the flat spot in power delivery from 3,000 rpm to 5,000 rpm amplifies the sensation . ( A shorter final drive and other updates in 2017 models make considerable improvements . ) Further , although we admire the volume of the engine sound under hard acceleration , its coarseness does n't make you want to work the gas pedal harder like how naturally aspirated four-cylinder engines from Honda and Mazda might .
Months later , I 'm still surprised just how much sports car you get with the BRZ—acceleration notwithstanding .
We 've accepted the engine 's character for the benefits its compactness brings to the rest of the car , such as how its short height allows a lower hood and center of gravity . But now similarly priced cars offer more powerful and engaging powertrains . The BRZ easily remains the best-handling car in its class and , in a vacuum , the most fun to drive . I routinely drove with traction and stability control switched off because limit handling was so easily controlled and accessed . Sadly , the reality of daily commuting diminished the fun . Especially when trucks and SUVs can out-accelerate our flashy blue BRZ on freeway on-ramps .
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed pushed back Saturday on President-elect Donald Trump 's assessment of civil rights leader and U.S. Rep. John Lewis ' district .
In a series of tweets , Reed said : “ John Lewis is an American hero & a national treasure . Period . Full stop .
“ That PEOTUS Trump would attack Congressman Lewis on MLK Day weekend for “ all talk…no action ” when he bled to actually “ Make America Great ” is why far less than half the country supports him at the dawn of his presidency . ”
Trump said Lewis 's district was “ in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to mention crime infested ) ” in an early Saturday tweet .
Leaders throughout the metro area voiced their opinions Saturday on the controversy , including Georgia Republicans .
Trump was reacting to Lewis 's comments in an interview that he did not think the incoming president was legitimate and raised questions about Russia 's involvement in the election .
In his tweet , Trump said Lewis “ should spend more time on fixing and helping his district . ”
Former Mayor Shirley Franklin said Trump has Atlanta all wrong . She said crime in Atlanta , like America in general , is down and that Atlanta has seen significant positive growth over the last two decades .
“ Clearly the President-elect 's tweet does n't do justice to all the strengths of the district , ” she said . “ Like much of America it has issues that need to be addressed , but when you look at in totality ( Trump 's statement ) factually is not true .
“ Tweeting may have been beneficial in winning the presidential election , ” Franklin added . “ It is yet to be seen whether it will benefit the American people when the President-elect governs . ”
Atlanta City Council President Ceasar Mitchell called Trump 's response to Lewis a “ vicious attack ” and “ only serves to validate the sentiment initially expressed by Congressman Lewis .
“ From being the site of the world 's busiest airport , the Centennial Olympic Games , numerous fortune 500 companies , and an unparalleled civil and human rights heritage , Atlanta is a strong and proud city , ” Mitchell said in a statement . “ While our city does not require validation from anyone , it is my sincere hope that as president Mr. Trump will be actively supportive of Atlanta 's commitment to become an even stronger American city . ”
Atlanta City Councilman Andre Dickens said Lewis has stood “ face to face with bullies from Selma and the Edmond Pettis Bridge to every corner of this country in the fight against discrimination .
“ He has been a staunch and vigorous advocate for his district and the country and no amount of political bullying can erase that record , ” Dickens said .
Critics of subsidies for renewable energy are usually met with the retort that the oil industry gets trillions subsidies , as in this article , which claims that these subsidies amount to $ 5.3 trillion a year . That estimate is based on three major mistakes : it 's the entire energy industry , not oil ; the estimate includes externalities , which are not subsidies ; and most of the amount tends to benefit consumers , not the industry . Here , I will provide some more accurate numbers .
As my last post noted , a quick Internet search produces a wide range of global energy subsidies , in part because of differences in coverage , both regional and by fuel , as well as inclusion ( or not ) of externalities , which can be enormous but constitute a very different animal from “ pre-tax subsidies ” which represent actual money spent . One report described credible estimates for U.S. subsidies as being $ 10-52 billion annually , and gave their own number as $ 37 billion , of which $ 21 billion was for exploration and production ( for the whole fossil fuel industry ) . Writers for Mother Jones put the figure at $ 4.7 billion annually for the oil industry , with a detailed breakdown which is fairly reasonable . ( Not that I would give much credence to their speculation that JFK was killed because he wanted to end the depletion allowance . )
Recognizing that the data on prices , taxes , and subsidies globally is seriously lacking , there are nonetheless estimates by more-or-less reputable organizations like the IMF and IEA . The usual caveats apply : nobody 's perfect , the work is often academic in nature , with estimates as well as data , and the apparent precision in some numbers hides a degree of uncertainty .
That said , the data is good enough for policy analysis . For one thing , generally speaking , the worse the data , the smaller the numbers . There is little info on how many farmers in Africa get , but the amount used is dwarfed by that going to city-dwellers in Egypt or India . The biggest subsidies consist of below-market prices for electricity and petroleum products in large countries , and these are known with a reasonable degree of accuracy .
So , actual subsidies : the IMF estimates that in 2013 ( when oil prices were high ) , global energy subsidies ( pre-tax ) were $ 541 billion of which over half was for petroleum and the rest split between natural gas and electricity . Coal subsidies are trivial , a minor spot of rationality ( accidental , one presumes ) . They should have dropped by nearly half in 2015 , almost entirely due to lower oil prices . Still , that amounts to $ 135 billion for oil .
The IEA has a different take , focused on developing nations , which it estimates subsidized petroleum product consumption by $ 295 billion in 2013 , about $ 28 billion higher than the IMF estimate . And that involves only the primary energy consumers in the developing world , forty in total . One-third of that is to be found in Saudi Arabia and Iran alone , although the latter has undertaken reforms to reduce the budgetary burden . Other oil exporters , notably Malaysia and Mexico , and countries like China , India and Indonesia spend moderate amounts , but relative to their economies and population , the size is much less important . Egypt is probably the worst case , spending 11 % of GDP in 2013 on subsidies , of which two-thirds was for oil , an amount they can ill afford .
These numbers stand in contrast to the constant refrain about “ oil industry ” welfare , since the money goes primarily to consumers as a form of entitlements . The companies at best receive market prices for their goods , which are then transferred at below market prices . Most of the money ( in the OPEC nations ) is simply lower payments to national oil companies for their products . It encourages the consumption of oil , of course , but profits the industry little or not at all .
Now to the United States . The DOE reports data ( FY 2013 ) for a variety of government support , including R & D funds , which make up more than 10 % of the total ( $ 3.4 billion out of $ 29 ) , an amount that I consider inadequate . Over half of the total goes to renewables , of which $ 1.8 billion is for biofuels ( read ethanol ) , largely a waste IMHO . Renewable electricity gets $ 13 billion , compared to $ 3.4 billion for fossil fuels and $ 1.7 billion for nuclear .
But to paraphrase Yogi Berra , if you have a numerator and a denominator , divide ‘ em . The absolute amounts of subsidies are less interesting than the relative amounts , which show what we get for our money . In the table below , calculated from DOE data for 2013 , I have used the simple level of subsidies and production by source , which is not completely accurate since it does n't deal with capacity . But the differences are so enormous as to overwhelm any methodological questions .
$ bln Quads Subsidies Produced $ /MMBtu Coal $ 1.08 20 $ 0.05 Petroleum/NG $ 2.35 44.1 $ 0.05 Nuclear $ 1.66 8.2 $ 0.20 Renewable electricity $ 13.20 9.3 $ 1.42 Solar $ 5.30 0.305 $ 17.38 Wind $ 5.90 1.6 $ 3.69
For those with weak math skills , the table is recalculated below to show the relative subsidies compared to those for oil and natural gas ( set equal to 1 ) . This will be no surprise to many analysts , but it will no doubt shock renewable power advocates to realize the magnitudes involved , including the fact that wind is a much better buy than solar . The reason is that most solar subsidies go to residential installations , while wind is usually industrial scale and thus more efficient . But efficiency has never been very relevant to the renewable power sector . ( The much lower figure for total renewable electricity subsidies reflects the impact of hydroelectric power , which receives almost no support but is a major source of energy . )
Relative Subsidies Coal 1 Petroleum/NG 1 Nuclear 4 Renewable electricity 27 Solar 326 Wind 69
So , yes , petroleum is subsidized , primarily in OPEC countries and mostly to the benefit of consumers . Complaints that the renewables industry gets inadequate support in the U.S. are untrue , and rationalization for that support because of the minor subsidies for oil and gas ( in the U.S. ) are at best disingenuous . Most of the money spent on solar , especially , is wasted and should be a target for rational energy policy planners . Move the money to R & D and maybe we 'll get solar power cheap enough that it does n't require subsidies at all .
In Chapel Hill , N.C. , on Tuesday , the foundation will reveal its findings , which have been submitted for peer review , and the theory that at least a few of the settlers moved inland to Site X .
The announcement , along with separate findings from another excavation on a coastal island , is sure to stir excitement . Some scholars who have seen the evidence are supportive of the findings , but at least one sees the evidence as too slight to draw firm conclusions . All agree that more digging is needed . The new findings are likely to set off a new round of questions : Why would some of the settlers have split off to the inland site ? Where did they go after that ? And what became of the rest of the Roanoke colonists ?
“ We need to know more , ” said Eric Klingelhofer , a vice president for research at the foundation and a history professor at Mercer University in Macon , Ga. “ This whole story is a blank — a blank page , a blank chapter of history , and I think archaeology is the only way to come up with answers . ”
The story of the Lost Colony of Roanoke has long lent a spooky note to grade schoolers ' study of American history . In 1587 , an intrepid Englishman named John White took more than 100 settlers to Roanoke Island , which lies inside the chain of barrier islands that is today called the Outer Banks . It was Sir Walter Raleigh 's second attempt to colonize North Carolina , but the first to include civilians and families . White 's granddaughter , Virginia Dare , was the first child born in the New World to English parents , just a few weeks after their arrival .
A resupply trip sent White back to England , but a naval war with Spain delayed his return . When he finally came back , three years after he left , the settlers had vanished , but they had left behind cryptic clues : the word “ Croatoan ” carved into a fence post , and the letters “ CRO ” on a tree . Many people believe these referred to what is now Hatteras Island , 50 miles south . A search run by a separate group has been going on there for the last several years .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said food prices could lead to social unrest
World leaders have warned that rising food prices could lead to social unrest and even `` economic war '' .
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said that with the world population rising , `` the race for scarce resources '' could lead to conflict .
And French President Nicolas Sarkozy called for regulation to rein in speculation and volatility in prices .
But business leaders at the World Economic Forum rejected calls for curbs on commodity speculation .
Future pressure
Mr Yudhoyono said the global population could rise from seven billion now to more than nine billion by 2045 .
`` Imagine the pressure on food , energy , water and resources , '' the Indonesian president said .
`` The next economic war or conflict can be over the race for scarce resources , if we do n't manage it together . ''
Nicolas Sarkozy , meanwhile , who holds the chair of both the G20 global economic forum and the G8 major economies , repeated his belief that regulation was needed .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Kamal Nath : `` Fuel subsidies could hinder growth ''
`` Let those who buy big quantities of commodities commit to putting on deposit part of the financing for those commodities , '' he said .
EU internal markets commissioner Michel Barnier also criticised speculation in food commodities , calling it `` scandalous '' .
However , Nils Anderson , boss of the shipping group AP Moller-Maersk , said it was not just speculators responsible for driving up commodity prices .
`` You can say that if it is done by speculators , it is unfortunate . But it can also be done by governments trying to secure food supplies for their population . And it is really hard to criticise that , '' he said .
Disclaimer : I do not own Naruto in any way , shape or form . Naruto is the property of Masashi Kishimoto and Shonen Jump . Please do n't sue me .
The shinobi of the Mist stood proud , almost in defiance of the night itself .
His tall frame and exposed chest made him an odd sight at the docks . The sailors were often quite powerfully built due to an arduous life at sea , his impressive frame stood out even among them . That alone was n't why people avoided him . It was the way he seemed so still , almost corpse-like .
He waited with a hunter 's patience . The people that passed him by cautiously made their way back to their homes . They were careful not to make eye contact with those around them , afraid of drawing even the most innocuous attention . He did n't acknowledge prey .
The air around him had a foul odor . It was the smell of unclean bodies , raw meat , diesel and the type of sweat that came with being worked beyond the point of exhaustion . As he slowly drew breath he could detect an undercurrent to the scent , one that he was all too familiar with . The scent of rank desperation .
The tension in the air could be slit with a kunai 's edge yet for him it teased out a certain nostalgia . His village , back when the Mizukage still considered him loyal , had developed an atmosphere eerily similar to the one he found himself in now . The spectrum of smells that barraged him were quite different on the surface but if he went beneath the underneath , he found the undertone that left him almost wistful . These thoughts left him with a yearning for home the best left buried but there was little to stop it from crawling out of it 's grave in moments of self-reflection .
Reaching out with his senses , he found that his package had finally arrived . He let the body bump into him and allowed himself to be drawn out of his reverie .
`` H-hey , sorry sir . I did n't mea-It was an accident , I swear . ''
Dark eyes looked down at the small boy with apathy . The boy dusted himself off but it made little difference . He had pinched cheeks and bags under his eyes . In short , he looked pathetic . The nin noticed the small parcel the scrawny child clutched tightly , as if it were a lifeline .
`` I-I 'm sorry , I think you dropped this . ''
The shinobi gave an almost imperceptible nod in acknowledgment and he took the proffered package . As the boy made to run off , the imposing man grabbed his arm . The boy looked up to his concealed face , terrified and then slightly relieved when he saw the coin that was being offered to him . The child stammered a 'thank you ' and finally scurried away , as quick as his malnourished frame would allow .
This was what he had been waiting for .
He unwrapped the package , peeling each layer of paper back between a delicate thumb and forefinger . Inside , he found an earpiece attached to a receiver with a frequency already keyed in . He pressed it into his ear , waiting for the offer that he knew would be made . Minutes passed him by , but eventually the radio came to life with a crackle of static .
`` Welcome to the Wave , Zabuza-san . I have a job that needs a certain ... deft touch ? Your services came with impeccable endorsement from my circle of ... associates . ''
The voice sounded aged , but it was tinged with warmth , like an elderly man welcoming an old friend into his home .
Zabuza barely restrained the urge roll to his eyes , he had little patience for niceties . `` Your offer better be good , I rarely work for petty crooks who put on airs . ''
The voice tutted , almost as if disappointed . `` You wound me , Zabuza-san . I am not a man who comes to a negotiation with nothing interesting to show for it and believe me , I have something for you that would be of great interest . Perhaps a demonstration is in order . ''
Zabuza raised his eyebrows , skeptical but intrigued . He had expected to haggle over his price to ensure that he got a deal worthy of his talents . Perhaps his supplicant might have something more interesting for him than he initially thought .
`` Travel to the small farming community outside of the main city , the coordinates are written on the back of the earpiece . Contact me over the radio when you arrive . ''
The shinobi carefully studied the earpiece for the information and once memorized , he slipped into an alleyway . When he was under the cover of darkness , he infused chakra into his feet and climbed the building . He leaped from rooftop to rooftop with the grace and precision of a knife 's edge . Careful not to draw attention to himself , he bypassed the city gates and made his way into the forest , curious of what he would find waiting for him .
At sunrise he found himself on a cliff-side that overlooked what appeared to be a small collection of ramshackle cottages with farmland between them . He reported his arrival over the radio .
`` Ah , yes . Zabuza-san , I think you are one of the few people I 've met who will appreciate what I have for you here . These farmers have proven stubborn , unwilling to accept the offer protection I have given them , despite the sincerity with which I gave it . Free of charge , I have offered you a front seat for the show that I have on for tonight , watch carefully . ''
The radio cut off and Zabuza crouched low with a predator 's calm . Beneath it , there was anticipation .
It did n't take long for the show to start .
In the distance he heard a sharp and loud report . Swiftly , he lept into a stance and his eyes scanned the horizon , trying to locate the direction of the blast . Then , in the sky , he found what he was looking for . A trail of smoke followed a just barely discernible capsule shaped object .
His eyes widened with surprise but instinct kicked in , his hands were already forming the seals needed for the Water Prison . He felt the rise of bile at the back of his throat , then the torrent of water gushed out of his mouth and enveloped him in a protective shell , ready to shield him from debris and the aftershock of the explosion . He saw the collision course the projectile was on , just before it reached its final destination .
The eruption of flame , smoke and ash was a brutal yet awe inspiring accompanying blast was enough to deafen him , leaving nothing but a high pitched ring that pierced his skull . Once the blinding light dissipated , he released the technique and gazed upon the aftermath .
There was nothing but the scorched shell of what once was a home . There was a dense , suffocating , grey smog that permeated the area . It billowed and filled the dawn tinged sky with ash . The sky itself seemed to burn with a blinding light . Something else drew his focus . He peered closely into the fiery ruins . In the broken and crumbling homes below him , he saw the charred remains of something that might have been human once but it 's skin was flayed and cooked , the body mutilated beyond recognition .
Zabuza smiled . His grin was skewed and feral .
The display of power had impressed him . He recognized that Gatou might prove to be an interesting benefactor after all .
CrushFTP is a robust file transfer server that makes it easy to setup secure connections with your users .
'Crush ' comes from the built-in zip methods in CrushFTP . They allow for downloading files in compressed formats in-stream , or even automatically expanding zip files as they are received in-stream . This is called ZipStreaming and can greatly accelerate the transfer of many types of files .
Secure management is web based allowing you the ability to manage and monitor the server from anywhere , or with almost any device . Easy in place server upgrades without complicated installers . Runs as a daemon , or Windows service with no need for a local GUI .
CrushFTP is watching out for you by detecting common hack attempts and robots which scan for weak passwords . It will automatically protect you against DDoS attacks . No need for you to do anything as CrushFTP will automatically ban these IPs to prevent wasted logging and CPU usage . This keeps your server secure from unwanted abuse .
User management includes inheritance , groups , and virtual file systems . If you want simple user management , it can be as easy as just making a folder with a specific name and nothing else . Think about how easily you can delegate user administration with CrushFTP 's role based adminsitration and event configuration .
DESTIN , Fla. -- Florida coach Will Muschamp wants to avoid playing teams from the Football Championship Subdivision .
And not because the Gators lost to lower-division Georgia Southern last year .
Speaking at the Southeastern Conference 's annual spring meetings Tuesday , Muschamp said he would prefer a 12-game schedule that features eight league teams , in-state rival Florida State and three more teams from the Football Bowl Subdivision .
`` We 're probably going to move forward without playing FCS opponents , '' Muschamp said , noting that his reasoning primarily has to do with getting his team in the best position to make the college football playoff that begins next season .
`` And I think our fan base wants to see better opponents , '' he added .
Muschamp 's boss and several other SEC coaches , though , do n't seem ready to close the door on lower-division teams .
`` I understand what Will 's saying , '' Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley said . `` In a perfect world , you play all D-I schools . But also you have to have 12 opponents . ''
The topic was one of many addressed during the opening day of the SEC meetings , where talk focused on conference autonomy , potential rules changes and an early signing period for college football .
The meetings were the first chance for many coaches to weigh in on scheduling . The SEC decided last month to stick with its current format of eight league games and a permanent non-division rival .
The one change will affect nonconference scheduling . Starting in 2016 , all SEC teams will be required to play at least one game against a team from one of the other Big Five conferences -- the Atlantic Coast Conference , Big Ten , Pac-12 and Big 12 .
That tweak should n't affect many programs . SEC schools routinely play at least one team from those conferences every season .
Editor 's Picks Aschoff : FCS opponents should be thing of the past in SEC As strength of schedule becomes a bigger factor , the SEC could be moving away from FCS opponents , Edward Aschoff writes .
Mississippi , Mississippi State , Texas A & M and Vanderbilt do not play non-conference games against teams in the Big Five . Only Arkansas , Texas A & M and Kentucky did not play a non-conference game against a Big Five teams last year .
So several of those nonconference games come against FCS teams . In fact , all 14 SEC teams play at least one lower-division team in 2014 . And commissioner Mike Slive called it an `` institutional decision , '' adding that he has no plans to dictate scheduling .
`` At this point , I believe it 's best for us to continue doing that , '' Mississippi coach Hugh Freeze said . `` I just find it hard to believe that one game like that ... over the totality of the season would really hinder you if you perform well in those other games . ''
Georgia Southern shocked Florida 26-20 in Gainesville last season , a humbling loss that guaranteed the Gators their first losing season since 1979 .
And few have forgotten Appalachian State 's stunner at Michigan in 2007 .
`` I know we 're trying to stay away from them if physically possible , '' Arkansas coach Bret Bielema said .
`` But I think they have their place , especially if they 're a regional game . It gives an FCS ( opponent ) a chance to play what used to be a BCS team . I think that has a lot of merit . I was in the Big Ten when the Appalachian State thing happened and I think that makes college football pretty cool . ''
Alabama coach Nick Saban said scheduling FCS teams might not be avoidable .
Saban said Big Five teams are n't chomping at the bit to play the SEC , which has put nine teams in the Bowl Championship Series national title game over the past eight years .
`` I do n't know that we have a choice sometimes , '' Saban said . `` We ca n't just call people up and say , ` We want to have a game . ' It 's not like setting up a golf game . I call up three of my buddies and say you guys want to play and you play Sunday morning . Then everybody says , ` Yeah , I can play . ' You ever try to schedule a game ? Do you know what goes into that ? It 's very difficult to do home-and-home with quality teams . To be honest with you , you almost have to buy games to get people to play you .
`` Outside of the neutral-site game we do and our conference games , we struggle to schedule three other games . ''
Florida plays lower-division Eastern Kentucky on Nov. 22 , but does n't have another FCS team on any schedule beyond 2014 . Of course , that could change .
If not , it could be a rarity for the power league .
`` We try not to do it now , but sometimes it 's all that we have left to schedule so we can get 12 games , '' Saban said . `` It 's not by choice that we want to do it .
`` The first people that need to be taken into consideration here , who get no consideration , are the fans and the people who support the program .
`` Quality games for them , so they want to come to the stadium and come to the game and support the program and make it exciting for the players . No , we do not want to play those types of teams . Sometimes we do n't have a choice . ''
The shockingly high figure comes from one of LTC ( R ) Shaffer 's sources involved with the refugee flows .
Last week we saw CIA head John Brennan testify that ISIS has “ a large cadre ” of foreign fighters to serve in attacking the West , and also that ISIS was probably using refugee flows as a means of vectoring its agents into the West . Now a former high-level intelligence officer claims that he has a source that gives a more specific figure . At least fifteen percent of refugees are ISIS , according to LTC ( R ) Anthony Shaffer of the London Center for Policy Research . The claim came in an interview Shaffer gave to a radio show hosted by Larry O'Connor and Brian Wilson on WMAL . ( You can listen to the interview here . )
“ I got the percentage from one of my sources . We 're talking about , right now , in the refugee stream , between 15-17 % of individuals coming through the refugee stream are ISIS . ”
The figure is shockingly high , which means we should ask how plausible it is . On the one hand , Shaffer is the kind of person who would plausibly have sources highly placed in the government , particularly in the intelligence communities who would be tapped to investigate this very question . Shaffer 's background includes CIA training , extensive high level human intelligence operations that were classified at the highest levels , and then membership in the Defense Intelligence Agency 's counter-Qaeda efforts both before and after 9/11 . He served in Afghanistan on active duty , and had two tours of duty searching out al Qaeda 's top leadership in Asia . It is certainly plausible that he has the right kind of contacts to obtain access to this information .
On the other hand , Shaffer 's sources have in the past given him information that was later contradicted by testimony of then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . It is unclear whether this is because his sources were wrong , or because the sworn testimony was false . The dispute comes in the highly politicized Benghazi scandal , in which several claims made by administration officials now appear to be false , or have actually been proven false . Leon Panetta has admitted publicly that part of his job was to lie for political reasons even about the most serious issues . Thus , while it would be better for Shaffer 's credibility if his sources ' claims had been confirmed rather than denied by Panetta , the fact is that we can not take Panetta 's word as proof that Shaffer 's sources were wrong .
For those reasons , we have to treat the 15 % claim as plausible even though it seems surprisingly high . Administration officials should be pressed about this claim , and if they deny its accuracy asked to provide evidence for a lower figure . Even a much lower figure would mean that we were importing hundreds or thousands of enemy fighters into the United States under the Obama administration 's Syria policy . If the figure is anywhere near fifteen percent , the United States will be devastated by the consequences .
These are questions that must be asked , but they are made more difficult to ask by the work of the Muslim Brotherhood . Hot Air reports that the Shaffer interview later touched on another topic of importance to us here at Counterjihad :
Shaffer singled out the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) as one of the biggest obstacles preventing this administration from truly focusing on how to stop our enemy-which-can-not-be-named .
If you have the FBI out working , for goodness sake do n't ignore the instincts of a $ 120,000/yr agent who you 've put a lot of money into to make him the pointy edge of the spear , from doing his job . That 's where CAIR comes in . We got ta get rid of CAIR . CAIR is an un-indicted co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation trials . They are a Muslim Brotherhood cover . We have gone to accept the fact that this propaganda machine of radical Islam is doing everything it can to blind us to the enemy . If we do n't do that , we 're gon na have more problems .
CAIR is one of the organizations touched by Congress ' H.R . 3892 , which would designate the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates as terror organizations . Shaffer is right that they are a propaganda organization conducting information warfare to weaken America 's response to Islamic terrorism . Their operations are designed to prevent American officials — or even simple American citizens — from speaking plainly and honestly about the dangers of radical Islam and Islamic terrorism . We encourage readers to sign our petition asking Congress to pass H.R . 3892 , so that the administration will be forced to confront this group for what it is .
Immigration is the most contentious issue in British politics .
Net migration is rising , leaving David Cameron with an uncomfortable problem ahead of next year 's general election .
The Prime Minister promised voters he would get net migration down to the `` tens of thousands '' by the time the polls open in May 2015 .
It is looking increasingly likely that he will not hit that target .
Meanwhile , unruly Conservative backbenchers complain that the Government has not been tough enough .
They say Mr Cameron should have slammed the door shut on Romanian and Bulgarian migrants in January - rather than simply announcing a series of measures designed to put them off coming to Britain .
On the face of it , the figures appear to back up claims that immigration is out of control .
The Office for National Statistics released figures earlier this month that showed a net flow of 212,000 migrants to Britain , up nearly 60,000 year-on-year .
The previous year there was a net flow if 154,000 migrants .
But the total number of migrants walking in and out of Britain does not necessarily tell the whole story .
The - sometimes uncomfortable - truth about immigration is that it really is good for Britain 's economy .
Last year , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , a respected think-tank , suggested immigration means the UK deficit is up to £16 billion smaller than it would be if we relied on homegrown workers alone .
The OECD estimate for the impact of immigration on the public finances excluding pensions - showing a 1.02 per cent GDP contribution .
< noframes > Interactive chart : Fiscal impact excluding pensions < /noframes >
The OECD has found that international migration is making a positive difference to Britain 's public finances .
According to its number crunchers , the Government 's deficit is smaller that it would have been without the presence of immigrants in the UK .
The Treasury 's Office for Budget Responsibility regularly predicts that if immigration falls dramatically the public finances face a new £65 billion black hole because of lost tax revenues .
The Treasury itself puts 0.25 percentage points of annual GDP growth down to immigration . - that 's a bit more than £4 billion .
And a study last year by economists at University College London calculated that recent European immigrants pay £8.8 billion more in tax than they consume in public services .
Simply put : The recovery would not be going as well as it is without immigrants .
British taxes are lower , spending is higher and the deficit is smaller – in part thanks to foreigners .
But a lot of people are worried about immigration .
As this graph below by Ipsos Mori shows , even foreign-born people are getting increasingly concerned about immigration .
The study found that long-time immigrants are almost as concerned about immigration as people born in the UK
The longer foreign-born people have lived in the UK , the more likely they are to be less keen about immigration .
The study found that 70 per cent of people who came to live in the UK before 1970 believe that immigrations needs to be “ reduced a lot ” or “ reduced a little ” .
Do you think the number of immigrants coming to Britain nowadays should be increased a lot , increased a little , remain the same as it is , reduced a little , or reduced a lot ?
So despite the fact that immigration appears to be good for the economy , all the evidence shows that many people are concerned about what they see as the negative aspects about foreigners moving to the UK .
Which is why the Government is working so hard to get net migration down .
And why Nigel Farage , the Ukip leader , is succeeding in making life so hard for Mr Cameron by constantly talking about the issue .
Despite all the economic evidence , the truth is that immigration is just too complicated to be explained just by the numbers .
The Austrian Archeological Institute ( OAI ) has unearthed a 7th century Byzantine-era tavern in the ancient Greek city of Ephesus one mile southwest of the town of Selçuk , Turkey . The tavern was discovered by accident during work to protect one of the three main roads of the city , the Embolos ( the OAI call it the Kuretenstraße ) , from landslides . In its heyday during the Roman imperial era , the road linked the Commercial Agora with the State Agora and ran through the valley between the two hills that framed the city . It was paved with marble slabs and decorative mosaics , lined with colonnades , funerary monuments to prominent citizens , public fountains , shops , a brothel and overlooked by luxury homes on the slopes . When those buildings collapsed from earthquakes , sacking and abandonment , the denuded hillsides became subject to erosion and landslides . In order to protect the archaeological remains of the city , the OAI team regularly monitors their condition and takes necessary measures to prevent landslides , like shoring up the slopes and building dry-stone retaining walls to make the site safe and legible for visitors .
They were building just such a wall when they unearthed the tavern . While the street was dotted with many shops , archaeologists were able to identify this one as a tavern because they found an exceptional collection of more than 100 vessels — cups , bowls , plates , amphorae — in perfect condition . Archaeologists even found a shelf with dishes stacked on it ready for service . Low benches , chairs and small marble tables ( probably recycled from earlier buildings in ruin ) were also found .
According to Sabine Ladstätter , OAI 's excavation director of Ephesus , the discovery increases our understanding of the road as a community lifeline and center of communication in late antiquity when the once-dominant city was in steep decline . The main focus of public , social and economic life in the city moved from the Agorae of old to the streets and the businesses that lined them . The tavern served local food and wines as well as beverages from further afield . The amphorae were found to contain local grape varieties and ones from Gaza and Cilicia , which means that trade was still active enough and there was enough money in the citizens ' hands to make it worthwhile for the pub to stock premium brands .
The tavern 's fate was indicated by coins found in a highly destructive fire layer . A greater than average number of large denomination coins were discovered in the tavern , left behind in a fire so severe that people did n't even bother trying to recover valuable cash in an era when monetary circulation dropped precipitously to a tenth of its previous quantity and coin was scarce . This was during the reign of Emperor Heraclius ( 610-641 A.D. ) , who for years was engaged in fighting off a Persian invasion . The Persians sacked Ephesus in 616 , two years after an earthquake had brought down a significant portion of the city . Then the forces of the Umayyad caliph Muawiyah I sacked the city again in 654-5 .
Whether it was the Persians or Arabs or fires in the wake of earthquake that caused the destruction of the tavern , it was never rebuilt . It was n't even pillaged for supplies . It was just closed and left to decay as were the other shops along the street . The street itself was swept and kept clear of debris for centuries after that , probably because it was a useful connection to the port before it silted up irredeemably and a straight shot for Christian pilgrims to use when visiting shrines .
The Austrian Archeological Institute assumes that duty now , which is how it found the tavern . The OAI has a long , strong connection to the city of Ephesus . In fact , the organization was founded specifically to excavate the ancient city . German archaeologist Otto Benndorf started excavating Ephesus in 1895 , financed by a large donation by Austrian businessman Karl Mautner Ritter von Markhof . Benndorf founded the Austrian Archaeological Institute in 1898 , with the excavation of Ephesus as its first brief . The Institute had been digging and conserving the site ever since , pausing only during both world wars .
This entry was posted on Thursday , November 26th , 2015 at 2:49 AM and is filed under Ancient . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can skip to the end and leave a response . Pinging is currently not allowed .
KOLKATA : The strains of sarangi sounded more melancholy on Monday when the world of music got to know about the demise of Pt Ramesh Mishra in New York . The stalwart sarangi player , who was long battling esophageal cancer , is survived by his wife and son.Son of maestro Pt Ramnath Mishra , Mishra had begun his initial intensive training at very tender age from his father and acquired further training from Pt Hanuman Prasad Mishra and Pt Gopal Mishra . Subsequently , he became a disciple of Pt Ravi Shankar . In 1959 , he was sent as a cultural delegate to Pakistan by Pt Jawaharlal Nehru . Both as soloist and accompanist , Mishra travelled all over the world accompanying internationally reputed artists . Additionally , he also produced numerous recordings including his own solo records . Connoisseurs talk about his sarangi recitals in many important programmes/albums including Ravi Shankar 's `` Live in Kremlin '' and the Grammy nominated album `` Legacy '' produced by Ustad Ali Akbar Khan . He was also a participating artist in the production of the `` Concert for George '' at Royal Albert Hall in London.Kolkata incidentally has had a special relationship with Mishra . It was in this city where he had spent a major part of his career before leaving for New York . Not just Indian classical musicians , others who recorded basic Bengali song albums have also had the privilege of working with him . For all of them , it is the tone of his sarangi that set Mishra 's recitals apart from the rest . `` The moment Ramesh-da started playing his sarangi , the entire atmosphere would change . I loved that tone so much that I would even request him to fly down from New York to play with me in my concerts both in India or even in England , '' said tabla player Pt Subhankar Banerjee.Mishra 's demise is a big loss for the music fraternity , said Pt Tejendra Narayan Majumdar . He pointed out at how most recordings of Pt Ajoy Chakraborty , Ustad Rashid Khan , Shipra Basu and Haimanti Shukla have had Mishra on the sarangi . `` All famous recordings of Pt Ravi Shankar had Ramesh-da on the sarangi too . I personally have so many memories of working on albums with him . He was also there with us when we had performed at the Hollywood Bowl . There was some magic in his fingers that changed the mood whenever he started playing , '' Majumdar said about the Sangeet Natak Akademi recipient.Mishra has also played in a song by American hardrock band Aerosmith . Titled `` Taste of India '' , this song was released in 1997 on the band 's `` Nine Lives '' album . The song contains elements of Indian music throughout , along with driving guitar riffs and a heavy backbeat as well as a sarangi intro by Mishra.Incidentally , Mishra 's New York flat was a go-to destination for many Indian classical musicians . `` Not just the likes of us , even Zakir bhai , Pt Ravi Shankar and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan saab would go over to his flat and engage in long hours of music and adda . He was such a great host and was dear to all of us , '' Majumdar said.A fortnight back , tabla player Subhen Chatterjee had spoken to him . `` We have had a long history of playing concerts together . He would frequently accompany Girija Devi on her concerts across the globe where I would be on the tabla . She is very upset with the news of his demise , '' Chatterjee said.Describing Mishra 's style of performance , Chatterjee said , `` There are two styles of sarangi playing in India . One comes from Jaipur . Ustad Sultan Khan saab played this style . There were stalwart sarangi players from Baranas gharana . But they hardly ventured out of India . Internationally , Ramesh-da had single-handedly popularised the Benaras gharana of playing sarangi , '' Chatterjee said.Besides his music , Mishra also inspired many with the way he dealt with cancer . `` Even while battling the disease , he would still perform . He would himself drive and come to concerts . Once I remember we had a concert in Philadelphia . He was n't keeping too well then and was on liquid diet . But his love for music was so much that he still came and performed with us , '' Chatterjee recounted.On another occasion , Banerjee remembers how he and Mishra were travelling for a concert in the US . Mishra was driving the car while a rare thumri recording was playing on the stereo . `` Ramesh-da was sure that Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan saab was playing the sarangi . Ramesh-da was very engrossed with the music . He told me that either I should go behind the wheels or we should change and listen to something else . His involvement with the music was so deep that he did n't want to drive then . Finally , we decided to take a break , listen to the album and then hit the highway . That was how committed he was to music , '' Banerjee said.On Facebook , Pt Ravi Shankar 's wife Sukanya Shankar put up a post following the demise of Mishra saying , `` I am heartbroken to hear of dear dear Ramesh Misra 's passing . An amazing musician and great human being . He was so devoted to his Guru and Guruji also loved him so much . He and his wife Maya were an amazing couple with such a big heart . They lived in a small place but always had an open home , welcoming guests . May God give Maya and their son to bear this great loss . May be Guruji welcomed him with the colours of Holi in Heaven ! ''
An eye-opening remark from a former aide to President Richard Nixon pulls back the curtain on the true motivation of the United States ' war on drugs .
Journalist Dan Baum wrote in the April cover story of Harper 's about how he interviewed Ehrlichman in 1994 while working on a book about drug prohibition . Ehrlichman provided some shockingly honest insight into the motives behind the drug war . From Harper 's :
“ You want to know what this was really all about ? ” he asked with the bluntness of a man who , after public disgrace and a stretch in federal prison , had little left to protect . “ The Nixon campaign in 1968 , and the Nixon White House after that , had two enemies : the antiwar left and black people . You understand what I 'm saying ? We knew we could n't make it illegal to be either against the war or black , but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin , and then criminalizing both heavily , we could disrupt those communities . We could arrest their leaders , raid their homes , break up their meetings , and vilify them night after night on the evening news . Did we know we were lying about the drugs ? Of course we did . ”
In other words , the intense racial targeting that 's become synonymous with the drug war was n't an unintended side effect ― it was the whole point .
The quote kicks off Baum 's “ Legalize It All , ” the cover story for Harper 's April 2016 issue . Read the whole article , which is a comprehensive argument for drug legalization , here .
Baum explained to The Huffington Post why he did n't include the quote in his 1996 book , Smoke and Mirrors : The War on Drugs and the Politics of Failure .
“ There are no authorial interviews in [ Smoke and Mirrors ] at all ; it 's written to put the reader in the room as events transpire , ” Baum said in an email . “ Therefore , the quote did n't fit . It did change all the reporting I did for the book , though , and changed the way I worked thereafter . ”
The quote does , however , appear in the 2012 book The Moment , a collection of “ life-changing stories ” from writers and artists .
Baum also talked to HuffPost about why Ehrlichman would confess such a thing in such blunt terms .
“ It taught me that people are often eager to unburden themselves , once they no longer have a dog in the fight , ” Baum said . “ The interviewer needs to be patient sometimes , and needs to ask the right way . But people will often be incredibly honest if given the chance . ”
In a statement , the mogul says he was `` implying that it is good that the public is more aware of these tragedies . ''
Ted Turner is apologizing for saying that the increasing rate of suicide among military soldiers is `` good '' during an appearance on CNN 's Piers Morgan Tonight .
A spokesperson for Turner has released the following statement to The Hollywood Reporter :
During my recent interview on CNN 's Piers Morgan Tonight , I inadvertently used the word `` good '' when asked for my thoughts on the increasing rate of suicide among U.S. military soldiers in the Middle East . It was certainly not my intent to imply that suicide is `` good . '' Rather , I was implying that it is good that the public is more aware of these tragedies and is more averse to war and war-related fatalities . My message has always been one of peace , I believe that we 're born programmed to love and help each other , not to kill or hurt each other . I strongly support our U.S. troops and would never intentionally say anything to harm the brave men and women serving our country . I deeply apologize for any misunderstanding caused by this comment .
Turner , 73 , once owned CNN and appeared on the network Oct. 19 for a broad interview that was highlighted by conservative websites on Thursday . CNN.com has not made video of the exchange available for viewing . According to FoxNews.com , this is a transcript of Turner 's comments :
THR COVER : Whatever happened to Ted Turner ?
TURNER : I think the global policeman should be the United Nations . And I do n't think we should need one . I think we should use courts the way we do in civilian life . It 's time to put war and conflict behind us and move on , and start acting like civilized , educated human beings .
MORGAN : You made the point to me in the break there , more American servicemen have --
TURNER : -- are dying now from suicide over there than are dying in combat .
MORGAN : That 's shocking , is n't it ?
TURNER : Well , what -- no , I think it 's -- I think it 's good , because it 's so clear that we 're programmed and we 're born to love and help each other , not to kill each other , to destroy each other . That 's an aberration . That 's left over from hundreds of years ago . It 's time for to us start acting enlightened .
[ 9,838 views ]
As I Lay Dying
Tim Lambesis
As scheduled singerwas in a Southern California courtroom this morning for a readiness conference related the State 's case against him for allegedly attempting to hire a hitman to kill his wife.Today 's hearing was slated to be a `` readiness conference , '' an appearance at which all parties determine whether the case can be disposed of without trial . According to Lambgoat 's courtroom mole , however , such a discussion did not end up taking place today . Although Lambesis was present ( accompanied by his parents and attorney Tom Warwick ) , he was not called forward , and the bailiff subsequently announced that further proceedings have been delayed until February 6th.Notably , there was also a hearing today to review Meggan Lambesis 's restraining order against her estranged husband , and we believe that the order was renewed , though we do n't have official confirmation as of yet.We 'll update you with any relevant information as it comes in.Prosecutor Claudia Grasso subsequently revealed to Lambgoat 's contact that criminal proceedings have been delayed `` for further negotiations . '' Grasso confirmed that the next date as February 6 . From all angles , it almost certainly appears that Tim Lambesis is attempting to work out a plea deal with the prosecution . Stay tuned .
Russia plans to create an agency for developing innovative military technology similar to the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , a Russian business daily Vedemosti said on Thursday .
Russia plans to create an agency for developing innovative military technology similar to the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , a Russian business daily Vedemosti said on Thursday .
The project is part of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's drive to diversify the Russia economy by reducing its dependence on oil and gas exports .
The president 's modernization committee met on Wednesday at an aviation equipment factory near Moscow to discuss innovation in the military sector .
Currently , increased military spending is only going into upgrading old systems , developed in the Soviet era , Medvedev said . Russia needs to start producing its own hi-tech systems , he added .
The DARPA ( originally ARPA ) was created in 1958 in response to the launch of the Soviet Union 's first artificial Earth satellite . It has funded the development of a number of influential projects , including the ARPANet , the predecessor to the Internet . The project 's budget for the 2011 fiscal year is $ 3.1 billion .
Presidential Aide Arkady Dvorkovich said the project could be created in collaboration with the Skolkovo fund , an innovation center planned to be built near Moscow .
`` The Russian DARPA should expand the range of military-technology design beyond the existing Soviet structures by developing universities and small private companies , '' said Andrey Zubkov , vice president of investment group Rostok .
Medvedev has made developing hi-tech sectors and encouraging research the focal point of his economic agenda .
Moscow , September 23 ( RIA Novosti )
Boycott Indiana ! That was the directive from West Palm Beach Mayor Jeri Muoio as she ordered a ban on all city travel to the state of Indiana .
The move is in response to a law signed last week by Indiana Gov . Mike Pence that allows businesses to refuse service to gay , lesbian and transgender people on religious grounds .
In an email to all department directors Tuesday morning , Mayor Muoio informed staff “ I am suspending all city funded travel to Indiana because of the recent passage of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act which allows discrimination against LGBT people . ”
“ Until the Act is repealed , travel to Indiana will not be approved for reimbursement , ” wrote Mayor Muoio .
Mayor Muoio is an outspoken advocate for gay rights . Just last month she officiated over two wedding ceremonies at City Hall involving gay couples . She was also the first mayor in Palm Beach County to order employee healthcare benefits be extended to gay partners of city employees .
I was n't born into a footballing family . But the older I grew , the more I realised how one game was the beginning of my affection for life .
Childhood memories often hold funny and bizarre recollections that are vague in parts . But there are few things that stand out from this cloudy day at North Hobart in early 1998 . From the Murray to the Derwent – I was a nine-year-old kid raised on rivers moving from Riverina town of Albury , to Olde Hobart Town a couple of years prior . And there was a lot to learn about the culture of an Aussie Rules match in Tassie .
With three siblings and two parents all supporting different teams , the closest persuasion to barracking for the beloved Richmond I had was from my uncle John breathing anything ‘ Tigerish ' down my neck from a young age any chance he had . Mum went for the Magpies because country club Grong Grong Matong wore the black and white stripes where she grew up in Narrandera . Dad would go for the Saints because of the religious affinities that were attached to the name .
My three sisters all ‘ barracked ' for clubs like Carlton , Essendon and Sydney ( later to switch between others like Port Adelaide because their players “ were hot ” ) . Loosely the family would follow the game , but not near the obsessive state that I would find myself cutting out scores , studying the goalkickers , the ladder and putting these definitive numbers on my bedroom walls .
Dad and I had a bet where the winner between the Saints and the Tigers would get bragging rights , and the loser would do the dishes that night at home . None of this really prepared me for my own game to see though . I did n't know what to expect at a real football match that was n't on the box on a Saturday .
“ The whole experience with the small carnival-like paper ticket , to which I regret not having kept , this was just the beginning . To be able to sit in the allocated line marking on the wooden bench in the Roy Cazaly stand : I had n't experienced a game or event like this before . ”
Before this day I had only known how my heroes were on a screen if I was lucky enough to spend the weekend watching the TV and the Tigers were scheduled on one afternoon . I could n't envision any players in the flesh being able to match the feats of the highlights I 'd see on TV so reading the newspaper 's sport section was as religious as I 'd ever get to my footy consumption .
For a pre-season game – why could n't this just be the real thing I wondered – the excitement and nerves from the night before got to me . I was sleepless – and not for the first time in my life . The car ride to the game with dad , the park somewhere near Ryde Street and the click of the turnstile had me in another world at North Hobart Oval .
The whole experience with the small carnival-like paper ticket , to which I regret not having kept , this was just the beginning . To be able to sit in the allocated line marking on the wooden bench in the Roy Cazaly stand : I had n't experienced a game or event like this before .
This was much different seeing the big boys play instead of my older cousin Josh running around in a Blues guernsey in the Auskick in the Ovens and Murray league a few years ago . The skills were immaculate , albeit a bit rusty because it was the preseason . The match was much faster , and the players were bigger and stronger . Not only that , but there were thousands more people watching the game . I could n't understand what it was like to watch a whole match from just one angle in my seat for two and a half hours until after the day .
And with the excitement of the match and the bounce , a new but rising Justin Plapp was the star that day for me with a speccy over the back of a St.Kilda opponent . A Tasmanian playing on home soil I could find myself liking other than the young dummy-spitting Richo I would later go on to love and treasure watching .
The field North Hobart was filled with Tasmanian heroes which included a future club chief , Brendan Gale and his brother Michael as ruckmen , adding to a young Matthew Richardson , Trent Nichols , and non-Tasmanians including the beginnings of the Kellaway brothers , Gaspar , Joel Bowden , Wayne Campbell , Matthew Knights , Nick Daffy and Matthew Rogers . Also , Paul Broderick , Mark Merenda , Jason Torney , Ben Harrison , Mark Chaffey , Greg Tivendale , Brad Ottens , Ben Holland , the list goes on .
“ The last match I would get to play on that turf would be the inaugural Reclink Community Cup in June 2016 for the media team ‘ Ramonas ' against the ‘ Van Dieman Dogs ' where I would be honoured to wear the no.1 guernsey in a win . ”
Little is known about who was out there that day aside from my memory , but these players were the makings of a team that in three years would go on to remarkably be Richmond 's most successful side of the past 35 years in a losing 2001 preliminary final . This was my glimpse of Jeff Gieschen being unleashed against legendary coach Stan Alves .
All that against the St Kilda players who were still out to make amends from the grand final loss two summers ago . This was no ordinary practice game to me with the likes of Robert Harvey , Stewart Loewe , Nathan Burke , Spider Everitt , Jason Heatley , and more all in the Saints list that year . And this was well after the likes of Plugger strutting in the goal square and long before the likes of Fraser ‘ G-Train ' Gehrig roaming the paddock .
Boy was I lucky . At half time , I got my own pie and coke from the canteen by the concrete slab of a terrace on the northern hill . Little did I know I would later indulge in finer local beverages at the coming of age after a local game in the Old Scholars Football Association – pinching myself that I got to play on that turf on any occasion at the home of Tasmanian football .
Forget the luxuries for a moment ; there was a game to watch . The third quarter and the all-important ‘ premiership quarter ' of the pre-season match was underway . The Saints held on and the crowd at North Hobart Oval became restless hoping for the next big thing in Tasmanian football to kick a bag at either end of the ground .
The beating drums of the Tigers supporters who brought in their percussion instruments rang loud across the ground . Dressed up like a real tiger , and countless amounts of yellow and black merchandise , the tribal beating was nothing short of inspiring at the time . It did n't matter where you sat , you could hear it from the next suburb . The atmosphere was up and about until midway through the final quarter . The Tigers lost .
I would have to go home and do the dishes like I promised in my bet with dad . Perhaps he somehow knew that was always going to be the result as the Tigers had been hopeless for many years before that . Not much has changed . There was no kick-to-kick for me that day . Not only did I not have my own football back then , but a young deflated Tiger fan did n't want to be a part of replicating anything he had just seen on the field from a Richmond team that ended up losing 2.12-84 to 10.6-66 .
As much heartache as I endured that day after seeing the Tigers I would go on to idolize from there on , it would replicate 15 years later playing in the local Old Scholars Football Association by missing out on grand final teams . To being a part of a squad in a losing side in dying junk time moments on grand final sirens . The last match I would get to play on that turf would be the inaugural Reclink Community Cup in June 2016 for the media team ‘ Ramonas ' against the ‘ Van Dieman Dogs ' where I would be honoured to wear the no.1 guernsey in a win .
Football is often about winning and losing . Every game in fact . But that day taught me something I would n't have known until a few years ago : that was the beginning of my love of football . That game was the reason why I , as a kid who had just moved to Tasmania , learned that North Hobart was the home of football in the state , and to cherish every moment out on any field .
As my former coach once said : “ North Hobart Oval is the home of Tasmanian football and it always will be . ”
3 The Whole Idol Scene Exploded Thanks To The Rise Of Geek Culture
Japan Airlines
For the longest time , Japanese idol music was considered something that only dateless geeks got into in lieu of talking to real girls . Bands like AKB48 and Dempagumi.inc were born in the backstreets of Akihabara , an area of Tokyo known as the center of Japanese geek culture -- which is also ( in a possibly related fact ) home to one of the largest sex shops in the world .
But since then , the public perception of idol music has ... not changed in the slightest . What has changed is everyone 's attitude towards geeks . Now , a lot of them are considered kind of cool .
Necronomidol
Thanks to that , these beautiful , flawless , young girls can finally be accepted by society . * sniff *
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As Ricky tells us : `` A big part of this change is a shift , particularly among the younger generation in Japan , from nerds being ostracized and marginalized to acquiring an almost rebellious , loner type of image . Unlike in the West , it 's more akin to the cool outsider -- you 're in on a secret , underground culture that the 'norms ' around you do n't understand . After that , 'geek ' groups like Perfume ( who had really accessible , cool music along with fashionable outfits and videos ) and Momoiro Clover Z ( who had a lot of female and celebrity fans ) came onto the scene , and suddenly it was n't so weird to be a nerd or into idols . ''
The `` geek loser '' stereotype is still very much a thing in Japan , but it 's on its way out thanks in part to idols pushing a narrative that they too used to be shy , virginal shut-ins . That 's also what the group Dempagumi.inc is doing , and their albums now shoot to the top of the charts .
Editor 's note : Introducing PatchPM , where we share some of the day 's top headlines from across the Patch network in New Jersey . Thanks for reading ! Give us your feedback at kara.seymour @ patch.com .
Stories worth talking about tonight :
A `` major outbreak '' of arctic air is on the way this weekend , bringing bitterly cold temperatures and dangerous wind chills , the National Weather Service has warned in a Special Weather Statement .
The NWS has issued a Wind Chill Advisory for New Jersey that begins Saturday evening and goes through Sunday morning .
> > > Read more on Patch
Yesterday 's Patch PM : We 're 'Disgusted ' By Beyonce 's 'Anti-Police ' Super Bowl Performance : N.J . Troopers
Other headlines :
N.J . Teacher Had Sex With Prison Inmate 20 Times , Got Pregnant Twice : Prosecutor
A prison teacher had sex with an inmate more than 20 times and became pregnant twice during the relationship , authorities said .
Homeless Woman Saved In Hoboken Ahead Of Deadly N.J . Cold Snap
Read a heart-warming example of New Jersey residents treating their neighbors with love and dignity .
WATCH : Incredible Time-Lapse Video of Massive Storm Rocking NJ Cruise Ship
A camera was rolling the entire time a cruise ship that departed from New Jersey was caught in a severe storm , injuring four .
Also Worth a Look Today
ICYMI : Recent stories you may have missed
» find Your Patch and more news of the day , including our most-read stories
The auto plant at center of a misleading TV ad run by Mitt Romney 's campaign during the 2012 presidential election is booming , Bloomberg reported Friday .
In a last-ditch effort to swing Ohio into the Republican column in the waning days of the campaign , Romney 's team aired an ad that gave the impression that Chrysler would ship jobs to China because of President Obama 's auto rescue .
“ Obama took GM and Chrysler into bankruptcy and sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China , ” the ad 's narrator claimed .
Not only is the factory in question still in Ohio , demand for Jeeps is so great that Chrysler is planning on hiring up to 1,000 part-time workers as a way to alleviate pressure on regular employees who work 60 hours per week .
“ Our people have been working a tremendous amount of hours , ” Toledo Assembly Plant Manager Chuck Padden told the Toledo Blade . “ To get them more time off is important to us , to make sure they 're refreshed , and can work safely . ”
Chrysler has already hired 380 temporary part-time employees , 50 of which been converted to regular , full-time employees , according to the Blade . The company is also offering the part-time workers limited benefits , including health insurance .
ST. PETERSBURG — A Pinellas County deputy fatally shot a man armed with an assault rifle during an auto theft investigation overnight in St. Petersburg , the Sheriff 's Office said Saturday .
Alton Fitzgerald Witchard , 37 , was identified at an afternoon news conference by Pinellas Sheriff Bob Gualtieri as the man who was killed . A second man , the driver , was identified as Cory Williams , 31 , who was arrested .
Witchard and Williams were first spotted around 3:10 a.m. around 22nd Avenue S and 16th Street by the joint Pinellas and St. Petersburg auto theft task force , Gualtieri said , driving a 1998 Ford Windstar van recklessly at high speed , `` even going up on two wheels . '' Law enforcement officials thought the van may have been stolen .
The van stopped at the Obama Food Market on 18th Avenue S , but officials did not approach the men because of heavy foot traffic .
When police did try to stop them later , the driver , Williams , accelerated and reversed , ramming an unmarked St. Petersburg police vehicle . One officer was slightly injured . The van soon crashed into another St. Petersburg police cruiser .
Meanwhile , a Pinellas Sheriff 's Office helicopter flew overhead .
Witchard , the passenger , got out near 22nd Street and 21st Avenue S with an AR-15 assault rifle and was chased by Deputy Yariel Mata , Gualtieri said . Mata yelled at Witchard to drop his gun several times .
At some point Witchard turned and threatened the deputy with his rifle , Gualtieri said , which made the deputy fear for his life . Gualtieri said the assault weapon was loaded with 17 , .223-caliber rounds and that the switch was in the fire position .
Mata fired five times , Gualtieri said , hitting Witchard twice in the torso and grazing his hand . Deputies performed CPR on Witchard , who was taken to Bayfront Health St. Petersburg by St. Petersburg Fire and Rescue and was pronounced dead .
Both men had extensive arrest records . Gualtieri said Witchard had 18 prior arrests on 33 different charges dating back to 1996 . His crimes included being a felon in possession of a firearm , carrying a concealed firearm , fleeing and eluding , cocaine possession and violation of probation . He had $ 4,000 on him and marijuana in his pocket , Gualtieri said . Williams ' criminal history includes disorderly intoxication in Florida and failure to appear for driving on a suspended driver 's license . In Virginia , his record includes drug conspiracy and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon .
Williams was arrested and charged with aggravated battery , felony fleeing and eluding and driving with a suspended or revoked license .
Mata has been a deputy for four years . He has no prior shootings in his record , Gualtieri said . He has been put on administrative leave with pay .
The semiautomatic assault rifle was found under Witchard , who fell on it after he was shot , Gualtieri said . The AR-15 is powerful enough to pierce body armor , the sheriff said .
The vehicle driven by the men has been impounded .
St. Petersburg police Chief Anthony Holloway said the two agencies will continue to work together to stop what Gualtieri referred to as an auto theft epidemic .
An investigation continued Saturday morning on the scene at 21st Avenue S and 23rd Street , and protesters showed up around 9 a.m .
Roughly 10 protesters from the Uhuru Movement crowded outside the crime scene . They screamed through a megaphone that the man killed was unarmed .
They chanted that the police were pigs . And they recalled the death of three teenage girls last month after their car veered off a narrow road into a pond with Pinellas sheriff 's deputies close behind . Deputies said they waded into the mucky water but turned back .
Protesters on Saturday held up a banner with the girls ' faces .
They yelled , `` Not one more black life . ''
It was the helicopters and a bright light that woke up 51-year-old Tammy Bollers . She said she could tell deputies were searching for someone .
Then she heard the pops .
On the opposite end of the street , it was those six to seven gunshots that first caught 18-year-old Andre McGirt 's attention . It was around 4 a.m. and he was sitting in his back yard .
`` At first I thought they were playing shooting , '' he said .
He 's heard shots in the neighborhood , but never so close . Then he heard tires racing on pavement .
Two houses down from her own , Bollers saw deputies . Then she heard more sirens and saw more cars , some racing by . She focused her eyes and saw something on the ground with deputies crowded around . She realized it was a body and that someone was shot .
When McGirt looked out his front door , lights flashed everywhere , he said . Dozens of deputy cruisers lined the street .
Usually he feels safe , he said . `` I know everybody around and everybody knows me , '' he said . `` But this is crazy . It was n't a good situation . ''
Bollers heard a loud voice yell to her neighbors to stay in their house . She was glad the two 14-year-olds and a 16-year-old in her home were safe .
It could have happened in front of her house , she said . A shot could have been fired through her window .
`` A bullet does n't know anybody , '' she said .
She said she 'll be praying and she thinks people should talk to and teach children not to put themselves in dangerous situations or on the wrong side of the law .
`` With it being so close and someone just driving into the neighborhood , it 's very frightening , '' she said . `` It could have easily been right in front of our door . ''
She 's lived in her home for two years .
`` Gunshots are a normal thing in our neighborhoods , '' she said . `` We 've got to teach our kids to put those guns down . ''
Times researcher Caryn Baird contributed to this report .
Luft states that the actress was repeatedly molested by the 40 something actors . ( Photo : Reddit )
Mumbai : Hollywood icon Judy Garland was allegedly molested on the sets of the classic musical , 'The Wizard of Oz , ' claims the legendary actress ' ex-husband Sid Luft in his new , posthumous memoir .
In the book , 'Judy and I : My Life with Judy Garland ' , Luft states that the actress was repeatedly molested by some of the actors who played the Munchkins in the film , reported People magazine .
`` They would make Judy 's life miserable on set by putting their hands under her dress ... The men were 40 or more years old , '' writes Luft , who passed away in the year 2005 .
`` They thought they could get away with anything because they were so small , '' he added .
Two years before her death , Garland had described the actors ' behaviour with her in a 1967 interview with Jack Paar .
She said , `` They were little drunks ... They got smashed every night , and they picked them up in butterfly nets . ''
Story highlights Senators are working but do n't expect a health care bill tomorrow
Stark policy and ideological differences continue to splinter senate Republicans
Washington ( CNN ) Senate Republicans cautioned Thursday not to expect a final agreement on health care reform bill by Friday , despite a push by GOP leaders and the White House to get by then a framework of a deal that can pass the chamber .
`` We 've made good progress , and we 'll keep working , '' said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , who has spearheaded talks over the contentious bill that he was forced to pull off the floor earlier this week , acknowledging a deal remains elusive .
Republican leadership aides told CNN intra-party negotiations over the complex bill are still generating new proposals that are regularly being sent to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office for analysis and that process would continue over the weeklong July 4 recess .
A deal can not be finalized until that CBO scoring takes place and the Senate parliamentarian reviews the language to ensure it fits the strict reconciliation rules being used to pass the bill without the threat of a filibuster .
Aides to McConnell insist the Kentucky Republican never imposed a hard Friday deadline for an agreement although other GOP senators , including the third-ranking Republican Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , spoke about that as a goal .
Read More
Expand Protesters hold coathangers to illustrate the danger to women 's safety posed by an outright ban on abortion . © Reuters
Poland 's government is again trying to curb women 's control over their bodies .
After last year 's attempt to impose a near-total ban on abortion , the ruling Law and Justice ( PiS ) party has introduced a bill to limit sales of emergency contraception , or the “ morning-after pill , ” which can prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex , including in cases of rape .
Under the pretense of ensuring quality health care , Poland 's Minister of Health said the law is to allow women to get medical advice about “ whether these substances negatively affect health. ” In reality , it is a pretext to further limit reproductive choice .
The European Commission approved over-the-counter sales of the emergency contraceptive ellaOne in 2015 , sanctioning it 's purchase without a doctor 's visit or prescription . It is currently available at Polish pharmacies to women and girls over the age of 15 . The new law would ban such sales , forcing women and girls to see a doctor first .
Such restrictions are risky and unnecessary ; emergency contraception works within a limited timeframe , and is most effective when taken quickly after unprotected sex , so rapid access is essential . The World Health Organization deems the pills safe and says they should be available as part of necessary reproductive health care .
Poland 's abortion law is already among Europe 's most restrictive , and , under the “ conscience clause , ” medical personnel can refuse to perform abortion or provide contraception on the grounds that it violates their values or beliefs . Women not only have to get to a doctor , they have to get to one who agrees to provide the care they need . In the process , women 's groups report , many experience stigmas , intimidation , and misinformation .
Misinformation persists even at the highest levels : though emergency contraceptives prevent pregnancy before it begins , Deputy Prime Minister Jaroslaw Gowin reportedly likened them to “ express abortion . ”
Like last year 's proposed abortion legislation , this bill caused significant protest , including a petition from 91 women 's and human rights groups . Unlike last time , however , the government has n't backed down , and the bill passed both houses of parliament last week . Only President Andrzej Duda 's signature is needed to make it law .
Ironically , inability to access emergency contraception could increase demand for abortion , leaving more women and girls with unwanted pregnancies they are desperate to terminate . Faced with restricted abortion access , some will likely resort to unsafe abortions that carry risks including infection , haemorrhage , and death .
Officials may try to sell this bill as a safeguard for women 's health , but it is exactly the opposite . President Duda should refuse to sign the bill into law . To genuinely respect women 's health and rights , Poland 's government should ensure access to all reproductive health services , and leave decisions about women 's bodies to the women themselves .
Members of a group opposing a mosque in the NSW Hunter region have branded the local council `` traitors '' and pledged the fight is `` not over '' after councillors voted in favour of its development application .
In a tense meeting at Cessnock City Council on Wednesday night , which was watched over by police , councillors voted 6 - 4 in favour of the mosque and funeral home in the rural area of Buchanan , near Kurri Kurri .
Nathan Paterson holds his fist in the air in a rally against Buchanan Mosque in Cessnock in 2015. Credit : Perry Duffin
The mosque 's opponents immediately took to social media to decry the decision and some promoted violence against both the planned place of worship and the council chambers .
`` Sounds like the council chambers might need a bomb , '' one man wrote on an anti-mosque Facebook page , while three separate people proposed setting the mosque on fire .
As long as demonstrators do not break the law , Bloomberg says the city will permit them to stay . Bloomberg : Protesters can stay
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said on Monday the Occupy Wall Street protesters can camp out in Zuccotti Park in downtown Manhattan for as long as they want .
Zuccotti Park , the movement 's unofficial headquarters located just blocks from Wall Street , is a privately owned , publicly accessible park where protesters have gathered for 24 days . Bloomberg said as long as demonstrators do not break the law , the city will permit them to stay , the Wall Street Journal reported .
Story Continued Below
“ The bottom line is – people want to express themselves . And as long as they obey the laws , we 'll allow them to , ” Bloomberg said before marching in the Columbus Day Parade on Fifth Avenue . “ If they break the laws , then , we 're going to do what we 're supposed to do : enforce the laws . ”
The mayor told the WSJ he has “ no idea ” how long the protest will last , but added that he thinks “ part of it has probably to do with the weather . ”
Bloomberg has previously spoken out against Occupy Wall Street and slammed the protesters last week , saying their attack on banks could harm one of the city 's major employers .
“ The protests that are trying to destroy the jobs of working people in this city are n't productive , ” Bloomberg said during his weekly radio show on Friday .
Brookfield Office Properties , the owner of the park , had no statement on Monday in light of Bloomberg 's comments . Last week , Brookfield said many of the protesters are ignoring basic park rules such as the ban on tents and sleeping bags . In the statement , the company added that the park has not been cleaned since Sept. 16 and sanitary conditions have “ reached unacceptable levels. ” Brookfield wrote that “ we continue to work with the City of New York to address these conditions and restore the park to its intended purpose . ”
Meanwhile , New York Gov Andrew Cuomo is choosing to keep himself at a greater distance from the Wall Street protesters than some other Democrats , telling Capital New York on Monday that the demonstrators “ have a right to protest and everyone has a right to their opinion . ”
“ They 're saying a number of things , ” Cuomo said of the demonstrators . “ Part of it is about Wall Street , part of it is anti-death penalty , part of it is the environment , etc . But they have a right to protest , they have a right to their opinion . That 's what makes a democracy work . ”
The economic impact of the quake-tsunami that pulverized the Japanese economy will largely depend on who ultimately pays for the massive reconstruction efforts , according to analysts .
Global insurance stocks have plunged in anticipation of the huge liability created by the tragedy , but the Japanese government will have to bear a large share of the cost . Analysts at Capital Economics have said this will limit any subsequent rebound in economic activity , particularly if taxes need to rise .
The analysts said there is no clarity on how the reconstruction work is going to be financed in Japan . In one relatively benign scenario the bill could be met by global insurers , amounting to a large transfer payment to Japan from the rest of the world . Alternatively , the government could be in a strong fiscal position and the public finances could easily take the strain . Unfortunately , neither scenario applies to Japan today , Julian Jessop and David Rea wrote in a note on Monday .
According to them a lot of the damage will either be uninsured or insured by the government itself . They pointed out that private insurance for earthquake damage is understandably expensive in Japan . Meanwhile , the government 's room for further fiscal stimulus is also now largely exhausted . It is in this context that the question of tax hikes emerges .
Indeed , senior officials from the Democratic Party of Japan and the main opposition LDP are planning to meet to discuss a temporary tax increase to help pay for relief work , the analysts pointed out .
Japan 's Senior Vice Finance Minister said on Monday the government has not started a debate on temporary tax hikes . However , the minister said he has personally considered the tax idea .
`` Prospects for a North Korean Nuclear Deal ''
On November 24 , 2013 , Iran and the P5+1 ( the United States , United Kingdom , France , Russia , China , and German ) reached agreement on the Joint Plan of Action , an interim nuclear deal . Could the Joint Plan of Action , which went into effect on January 20 , 2014 , serve as a model for a nuclear agreement in the Six Party Talks ? In principle , many of its elements could be duplicated in a nuclear deal with North Korea . Essentially , it is a six-month truce . Iran agrees to freeze its nuclear program at its current level for six months , while the P5+1 freeze sanctions at their current levels for the same period . In addition to the freeze , both sides agreed to modest measures to roll back some of Iran 's existing nuclear capabilities in exchange for suspending some of the existing sanctions . The overall objective is to stabilize the situation , reduce tensions , and hopefully create conditions for negotiation of a “ comprehensive solution ” that would resolve concerns about Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for full removal of nuclear-related sanctions .
Under the Joint Plan of Action , Iran will not install or operate additional centrifuges beyond those already enriching , not manufacture additional centrifuge machines ( except to replace existing machines that fail ) , not accumulate additional low enriched uranium ( less than 5 percent enrichment ) beyond its current stockpile , and suspend most construction of the 40 MW Arak heavy water research reactor . As an additional measure beyond the freeze , Iran will suspend production of 20 percent enriched uranium and eliminate its existing stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium hexafluoride by diluting half of it to less than 5 percent enriched uranium hexafluoride and by converting the rest to an oxide form that can not be enriched to higher levels unless it is converted back to hexafluoride . All of these nuclear constraints will be verified by enhanced monitoring by inspectors from the IAEA , who will enjoy daily access to Iran 's enrichment facilities and monthly access to the Arak research reactor facility , as well as new access to key facilities for the manufacture and assembly of centrifuge machines .
In exchange for these nuclear steps , the P5+1 have agreed not to impose additional nuclear-related sanctions against Iran . Most important , the United States will not take additional actions to reduce Iranian oil exports below its current average of about 1 million barrels per day , which Iran sells to six remaining oil customers ( China , India , Japan , Korea , Taiwan , and Turkey ) . In addition , the P5+1 have agreed to suspend several trade sanctions , such as restrictions on Iran 's export of petrochemicals , trade in gold and precious metals , and imports of parts and services for Iran 's automotive and civilian airplane sector . Finally , as Iran draws down its stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium , it will obtain US $ 4.3 billion ( in monthly installments ) of the roughly US $ 100 billion in Iranian funds that are held in foreign bank accounts and restricted under US and EU financial sanctions .
Beyond the detailed quid pro quo of nuclear constraints for sanctions relief , the Joint Plan of Action also lists the main principles or issues that the parties will address as they seek to negotiate a “ comprehensive solution ” within one year . In such an agreement , Iran would accept limits on its civilian nuclear program for a “ specified long-term duration to be agreed upon. ” These restrictions would include “ agreed limits on scope and level of enrichment activities , capacity , where it is carried out , and stocks of enriched uranium , ” measures to resolve concerns about the Arak reactor , and “ no reprocessing or construction of a facility capable of reprocessing. ” Iran would also accept agreed transparency measures and enhanced monitoring , and it would ratify and implement the IAEA Additional Protocol to strengthen monitoring of its nuclear activities .
In return for Iran accepting such nuclear limits , the P5+1 would “ comprehensively lift UN Security Council , multilateral and national nuclear-related sanctions , including steps on access in areas of trade , technology , finance , and energy , on a schedule to be agreed upon. ” In addition , the P5+1 would be prepared to “ include international civil nuclear cooperation , including among others , on acquiring modern light water power and research reactors and associated equipment , and the supply of modern nuclear fuel as well as agreed R & D practices. ” Finally , “ following successful implementation of the final step of the comprehensive solution for its full duration , the Iranian nuclear program will be treated in the same manner as that of any non-nuclear weapon state party to the NPT . ”
The Joint Plan of Action is exactly the type of interim agreement that could serve as a first step towards resolving the North Korean nuclear issue . In theory , North Korea could agree to freeze its enrichment and reprocessing-related activities at Yongbyon and other nuclear facilities under IAEA monitoring so that it does not accumulate additional fissile material beyond its current stockpile during a specified period of time . In exchange , the other countries in the Six-Party Talks could agree not to impose additional sanctions against North Korea for the same period of time , while Six-Party Talks are held to negotiate a comprehensive solution . In exchange for suspending some of the existing sanctions , North Korea could agree to reduce some of its existing nuclear capabilities , such as removing or eliminating a portion of its stockpile of fissile material . As part of a comprehensive agreement , in which North Korea would accept limits on its civil nuclear program and enhanced international inspections , the other parties would agree to lift nuclear-related sanctions and provide peaceful nuclear cooperation and energy assistance . As in the case of the Joint Plan of Action , which was preceded by secret bilateral talks between the United States and Iran , North Korea and the United States could discuss an interim nuclear deal bilaterally and then present the agreement to the multilateral Six-Party Talks for approval .
However , there are three important differences between Iran and North Korea , which make a Joint Plan of Action for North Korea less likely . First , the United States already has a long and unhappy experience with interim agreements with North Korea that all ended badly . In each case , North Korea cheated or reneged on the deal . The October 1994 Agreed Framework , which included a freeze on plutonium production , collapsed in 2003 after Washington confronted Pyongyang with evidence that it was violating the agreement by pursing a secret enrichment program . The September 2005 Joint Statement suspended nuclear activities at Yongbyon under IAEA monitoring , but North Korea blew up the agreement by conducting a long-range missile test in April 2009 and its second nuclear test in May 2009 . The February 2012 Leap Day Deal , which also suspended nuclear activities at Yongbyon , survived only a few weeks before North Korea once again broke the agreement with long-range missile tests in April and December 2012 and its third nuclear test in February 2013 . Having been burned three times in a row , Washington is naturally wary of entering into another interim agreement without greater confidence that Pyongyang is serious this time . The dubious achievement of North Korean diplomacy has been to destroy almost all belief in Washington that diplomacy with North Korea is worth the effort .
Second , the effectiveness of sanctions against Iran and North Korea are very different . Iran is relatively vulnerable to international sanctions because its government revenues are heavily dependent on oil and gas exports and international financial transfers , which the United States and its allies have been able to attack effectively . Due to sanctions , Iran 's oil exports fell from an average of about 2.5 million barrels a day in 2009 to approximately 1 million barrels a day in 2013 , and financial sanctions prevented Iran from getting access to most of the hard currency generated from these remaining oil sales . In addition , Iran 's quasi-democratic political system is relatively responsive to public pressure . Dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad , whose foreign policy caused international isolation and economic sanctions , led to the election of the most moderate candidate—Hassan Rouhani—in the June 2013 presidential election , who took office with a mandate to negotiate a nuclear agreement in order to remove sanctions and improve Iran 's economy .
In contrast , North Korea is relatively insulated from sanctions because the isolated North Korean economy is largely closed to international trade and finances . Indeed , most of its hard currency is probably generated by arms sales and illicit trade in drugs and cigarettes , which are more difficult to disrupt than legitimate trade . Moreover , China , which is North Korea 's main trading partner and source of foreign assistance , continues to protect North Korea from sanctions that Beijing fears could cause conflict or instability on the Korean Peninsula . For example , despite its anger over Pyongyang 's nuclear test in February 2013 , Beijing worked to weaken the provisions of the subsequent UN Security Council Resolution 2094 , which imposed additional sanctions against North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs and other illicit activities prohibited by previous UN resolutions . Although Beijing has taken some measures to enforce UNSCR 2094 , such as the decision by the Bank of China in April 2013 to cut off transactions with North Korea 's Foreign Trade Bank , China has not strictly implemented other provisions , such as restrictions on the export of “ luxury goods ” to North Korea . Most important , China continues to provide essential energy and food assistance to prop up the North Korean state and has not been prepared to risk withdrawing that assistance to force nuclear concessions . Finally , in contrast to Iran , economic deprivation and public opinion have relatively little effect on North Korean foreign policy , as long as the Pyongyang elite continue to enjoy a comfortable life .
The third important difference is the relative status and transparency of their respective nuclear programs . Iran has not yet acquired nuclear weapons , and all of its major nuclear facilities for the production of fissile material are believed to be declared and subject to international inspection . As far as we know , there are no additional undeclared nuclear facilities that could continue to operate while a nuclear freeze of the declared facilities is in place . As a result , the Joint Action Plan is based on a transparent and genuine bargain : real sanctions relief in exchange for a real nuclear freeze . In other words , the P5+1 are getting what they pay for . Unfortunately , the situation in North Korea is the opposite . In all likelihood , it has already acquired nuclear weapons , and most observers believe that it probably has a number of undeclared nuclear facilities associated with its enrichment program . Without a full accounting of these additional facilities and access by international inspectors to verify compliance , it is impossible to negotiate a genuine and transparent bargain . For example , suspending sanctions in exchange for a freeze on the nuclear facilities at Yongbyon has little value if North Korea continues to produce fissile material at undisclosed locations . For this reason , the United States has insisted that resumption of the Six-Party Talks be accompanied by a full declaration of North Korea 's nuclear facilities in order to make it possible to negotiate a genuine freeze as the first step toward a comprehensive solution . There seems little reason to believe that Kim Jung-un is willing to give up his nuclear secrets easily or that Beijing is prepared to force him to do so .
In conclusion , the Joint Plan of Action between Iran and the P5+1 is not likely to be duplicated for North Korea . Interim agreements have already been tried several times , and they have all failed because North Korea cheated or reneged each time . For many in Washington , negotiating with Pyongyang is seen as a futile effort that is bound to fail so there is little energy and enthusiasm for jumping back into negotiations unless Pyongyang demonstrates its sincerity with concrete actions . Iran agreed to the Joint Plan of Action because it needed relief from economic sanctions that were causing severe economic damage and potential political unrest In contrast , Pyongyang is under much less economic pressure to make nuclear concessions because of its isolated and closed economy , its brutal dictatorship , and Chinese economic protection . Finally , as long as Pyongyang continues to deny that it has additional nuclear facilities beyond those already declared , Washington has little incentive to negotiate an interim agreement that would fail to freeze a major portion of North Korea 's nuclear activities . I remain pessimistic about prospects for achieving an interim nuclear deal with North Korea along the lines of the Iran deal .
Soon you will be able to recreate the world of Ooo in perfect block-glory . Cartoon Network announced today that the hit series Adventure Time will become available in LEGO form in early 2017 . Cartoon Network made the announced today , as part of the 2016 Licensing Expo in Las Vegas .
Adventure Time enthusiasts can look forward to owning their very own LEGO set from concepts generated by the fan-fueled LEGO Ideas crowdsourcing platform .
LEGO Ideas is the home for thousands of LEGO concepts with potential to become full LEGO retail sets . LEGO fans from all over the world contribute to the Ideas program which features amazing models taking the form of everything from vehicles , and futuristic space stations , to well-known scenes from famous movies . Fans are encouraged to vote on the LEGO Ideas website for their favorite concepts and if an idea garners 10,000 votes within the selection period , it will be judged by a LEGO review panel and could become a real product available . Such an idea did take place for Adventure Time , which received over 10,000 supporters .
“ Adventure Time is an exceptional brand , with a fan base that spans kids , young adults ' and families , ” says Pete Yoder , vice president of Cartoon Network Enterprises . “ Our partnership with the LEGO Group affords the opportunity to produce an iconic product , sure to be coveted by fans of all ages . ”
Cartoon Network has long partnered with the LEGO Group to bring compelling entertainment to kids on every platform with series and specials like : Justice League : Batman Be-Leaguered , Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Out , Star Wars : The Yoda Chronicles , Legends of Chima , Ninjago : Masters of Spinjitzu , Mixels , and most recently , Nexo Knights .
A couple of weeks ago , at Trump Tower , on the same spot where Donald Trump announced his Presidential bid , Eric Danziger , the C.E.O . of Trump Hotels , formally launched a new line of three-star hotels , called American Idea , which will cater to lower-income , rural areas of the country . It was the most blatant instance yet of the Trump family 's profiting from its political power—in this case , by shifting from its long-standing focus on luxury markets in order to make money from the very demographic that put Trump in the White House . Within the hotel industry , the event raised eyebrows for another reason : it was unbelievably haphazard . Danziger , though a veteran of the industry , had almost nothing to show his audience . There was no Web site or marketing material , and the logo was just the brand name and a crudely drawn picture of a light bulb . ( A company representative told me that she was n't sure if it was the final logo or a work in progress . )
“ It is incredibly rushed , ” Jan deRoos , a professor at Cornell University 's School of Hotel Administration , told me . “ This feels like someone woke up on a Saturday and had to roll something out in ten days. ” DeRoos has worked for many hotel companies , and oversaw , for Hilton Hotels , the construction of some of the first Hampton Inns . He said that a successful launch would normally take years to plan and would include confirmed contracts for at least twenty locations , with dozens more in the pipeline , in addition to a fully operational marketing plan and a “ brand bible ” that lays out , in minute detail , what every hotel must contain . Crucially , the company would also need a reservation system to direct guests to its properties . Big hotel companies these days own very few of the properties that bear their names . Instead , local operators pay a share of their revenue to affiliate with a brand , and in return the brand provides marketing and refers customers via a centralized Web site . ( Most hotels get at least half their guests this way . ) The key challenge for any brand is persuading hotel owners to sign contracts . Owners must believe that a brand will provide enough “ heads in beds ” to justify the licensing cost .
So what , exactly , was the Trump Organization offering potential licensees ? So far , only one company , Chawla Hotels , which owns seventeen properties in the Mississippi Delta , has signed on . When I spoke to Dinesh Chawla , the company 's C.E.O. , he made clear that the core attraction was being the first to partner with the President 's new brand . “ Think of the marketing powwow I get out of doing this , ” he said . “ We 'll attract tourists from all over the world. ” He said that he was “ using ” the Trump family : “ They ca n't afford us to be failures . If we do n't do well , they look like schmucks . ”
Chawla was stunned by how quickly it had all happened . He first heard of American Idea when a Trump Hotels executive called early one Saturday in March . It usually takes three years to finalize a deal , he said , but this one happened in just three months . He confided that the final contract was signed ten minutes before the public announcement . Under the terms of the agreement , Chawla Hotels will convert three aging properties to the American Idea brand and build a four-star hotel under another Trump brand , Scion , which launched , in a similarly shambolic fashion , last fall . ( Scion was aimed at a hip , millennial market in places like Seattle and Austin . The fact that its first hotel will be a Chawla property in Cleveland , Mississippi , tells you how that 's going . ) Chawla 's attraction to American Idea was rooted in being first . It 's hard to see what would attract the second , or the twenty-second , franchisee to this vague sketch of a brand .
Many hotel companies are launching sub-brands ; recent examples include Tru by Hilton and Wyndham 's Trademark line . But these are huge companies , trying to target precise customer groups . Trump Hotels , by contrast , is a tiny player , with only fourteen hotels and little of the backbone required to manage a fast-growing brand . And rapid growth is crucial for a three-star franchise . Unlike the five-star hotels that the Trumps are used to , three-star ones do n't generate enough profit for a small portfolio to be viable . It 's a circular challenge . To attract more hotels , the Trump Organization needs to show that it will attract more hotels . But no plan for growth was announced at the launch , and the key speech , by Donald Trump , Jr. , was devoid of any business specifics . Instead , he spoke about his father—how the idea came about during the Presidential campaign , and how Mississippi 's governor , Phil Bryant , introduced the Trumps to Suresh Chawla , the company 's co-owner . ( Suresh had written warmly about Trump in a letter to his local paper , which Bryant saw . ) The implication was clear . Trump Hotels may lack the infrastructure to turn a niche brand into an empire , but it has one unique competitive advantage : it is owned by the President of the United States .
Like many things in the world of Trump , the event was both corrupt and inept . Trump Hotels had nothing to offer but words , and nearly all of those words were about the President . A normal company would have chosen to wait a couple of years and then launch properly , but the Trump Organization is not a normal company , and it has other considerations . Given that a brand launch typically takes three years and that a Presidential term lasts only four , the executives may feel that there 's no time to lose . ♦
Code :
AOKP Jellybean 4.23.2013 Updated Kernel Updated to the latest Nova Launcher Gapps package updated to the latest everything ( Make sure to download it ! ) RAM Bar View optimizations Added AOKP Ribbons ( ROM Control/Ribbons ) Lockscreen Targets Speed Optimizations cLock Updates Added Block Private Numbers To Blacklist Options Toggles are in alphabetical order now Fixed recents minimization animation Fixed Potential FC on Hiding NavBar Animate Transparency changes . ( Instead of the white block in the status bar when switching between apps , it now looks like a fade transition . ) SystemUI : fix memory leaks Fixed Signal toggle layout Made the HSPA+ drawables more consistent with the HSPA drawables Fixed Screen Sizing for TabUI when HiddenNav Enabled Added Transparency for TabletUI Added Blacklist Options ( Phone/Settings ) Brought Swagger toggle back Added LongClick to FastCharge Toggle Added Trickster Mod to Settings ( This replaces Performance Control ) Fixed cursor leak in Email Do n't clear wallpaper when SystemUI disconnects Fixed apps from crashing Fixed cLock Allow enabling WebSockets from Labs Preferences in Broswer ( HTML5 ) Lockscreen : adjust layout of GlowPad Fixed NavRing Icon size Fixed potential deadlock between LockScreen and WindowManagerService Updated Vibration Patterns Fixed a cursor leak Fixed a race condition in backlight adjustment I 'm sure there 's more I 'm missing .... AOKP Jellybean 4.4.2013 Updated Kernel Added Quick Pin Unlock ( Settings/Security ) cLock Updates Lockscreen Target Overhaul NavRing Overhaul Added CMs Calculator ( More functionality ) Added flip and shake to snooze option to Deskclock Added Increasing Volume option for Deskclock Enable support for WebGL in Browser Added Sleep Toggle Added ability to allow Lockscreens to be themed when using themes Added Allow 270-degree rotation ( ROM Control/General UI ) Added Scrollable Toggles Added Traditional Toggles Added Backlight Curve Adjustment Settings Updated Performance Control Updated a ton of strings in ROM Control ( Menus are a little less likely to be misunderstood . ) Added Reboot Toggle Disable fast toggle if traditional/scrollable style is active Added Screenshot Toggle Added Screenshot Delay option Fix opacity of LastApp Icon Prevent Kill Task from killing SystemUI Fix memory leak when creating SkBitmapProcShader Added option to disable camera sounds Added Cell Broadcasts Fix NavRing icon size I know there 's more . Way too tired for this ChangeLog . AOKP Jellybean 3.3.2013 I really do n't want to make the gigantic changelog that this could be . I really do n't have the time right now for it . Sorry . So Here 's how I 'll do it ... Updated to Android 4.2.2 Updated Kernel to Linux 3.4.35 ( Merged all things Google and compiled with the latest Linaro . ) Fixed All things . : D AOKP Jellybean 1.31.2013 Boot animation picker enhancements Colorable clock views/widgets Option to hide initial page hints Start lockscreen with minimized challenge Longpress on minimized challenge to unlock Lockscreen Carousel animation Added Lockscreen Targets ( You need to be in Portrait for now to be able to set them ; ) ) Added Chronus to Settings Added Performance Settings to Settings NavBar in Portrait is fixed Colorable NavBar background Alternative signal layout ( GB-style ) New toggle : Sound state ( ring/vib/silent ) Mobile technology indicator reflects internet connection status More Camera options Updated Kernel ( Linux 3.4.28 and a ton of other patches . ) Added LastApp Toggle ( For use with NavBAr and NavRings ) Respect global vibrate settings in the statusbar Added timeout and instant lock option to slide lock Added UI Mode ( Phone , Tablet , & Phablet selectable modes . It 's not perfect but works for now . ; ) ) There 's a ton more . No time to write is all up . Check AOKP GERRIT HERE if you 'd like to know more . : D AOKP Jellybean 1.4.2013 Updated Kernel Added Statusbar/Navbar transparency Added option to hide AlarmClock Icon in StatusBar Added option to allow users to disable safe headset volume warning Added option to hide Adb notification icon Added optimized browser interface for tablets Added option to hide Adb Notification icon Fixed IME overlapping fields while typing in certain situations Fixed JPEG file indexing Added code to fix possible memory leaks by ensuring stream closures Probably more that I 've missed . Just check out AOKP Gerrit if you want to know more . AOKP Jellybean 12.14.2012 Updated Kernel ( Linux 3.4.23 and other updates ) Youtube App works now ( Thanks to the update ; ) ) Allow transfer all files via Bluetooth ( The craiggomez for pointing me in the direction ) Favorite Contact added to Quicksettings VeNum optimizations to libpng to improve PNG decode time Fixed App & Widget Pickers . Added IME Toggler Updated AOKP Clock Widget Probably more . No time right now . ; ) AOKP Jellybean 12.4.2012 Updated binaries & other proprietaries Updated Kernel to 3.4.21 along with other updates More Rom Control Option ( Nav Bar Toggle , Nav Bar Widgets , ect ... Just llok around a little . ; ) ) WiFi Icon now Shows in the Quick Settings NFC Toggle Fixed ( No more Force Close ) LED Options are back Allows for Overclocking now ( Unnecessary now but oh well . ; ) ) Nav Bar Updates Link Volume States Added NFC Polling Options Added Probably more YouTube app is still not working ( Working on it now . It 'll be fixed in the next release . : D ) AOKP Jellybean 11.27.2012 Added Selectable tiles ( Look in ROM Control/Statusbar Toggles . Enable/Disable tiles , Toggle Order , and Toggles per row options . ) OTG Support Added Notification sound-to-vibration conversion toggle ( Look in Settings/Sound for the toggle ) More Lockscreen Options ( Lockscreen Text Color , Battery Percentage , ect ... Update kernel to Linux 3.4.11 Nav Bar button Actions/Longpress Actions work correctly . ( Still working on the portrait quirks and Ring Targets . ) Implemented out OTA System now . ( You have to update to this release first . Then you will be able to use it . ) There 's probably more . But I 'm tired and going to sleep for the night and do n't care . ; ) AOKP Jellybean 11.25.2012 Initial Release
Posted on 10 July 2017 by Calvin
DEVELOPMENT NOTES by JANE MCCLURE
West Midway is losing one of its longtime trucking businesses . Rihm Family Companies , Inc. , which is one of the world 's oldest Kenworth truck dealers , has announced plans to build new facilities in South St. Paul and Coon Rapid . The company will leave its longtime location southwest of the Cleveland-University intersection .
The company turns 85 years old this year . Rihm also announced it acquired Red Wing-based LTX , Inc. , which owns Lawrence Leasing Inc. , the operator of Lawrence NationaLease . That commercial truck leasing company has 15 locations in Minnesota , Wisconsin , and South Dakota . The acquisition bumps the company 's workforce to more than 300 workers , with 21 locations .
“ Since 1932 , the Rihm family has provided great jobs and exceptional customer service in Minnesota and western Wisconsin , ” said Kari Rihm , president and CEO in a statement . “ We 're pleased to begin our 85th year in business by welcoming Lawrence NationaLease 's high-caliber employees and management ; providing better security for all of our employees ; and improving service and offerings for our loyal customers . Our company 's future is very bright . ”
But the company will leave the Midway after many years . Rihm was one of many industrial firms that raised concerns when the city rezoned many properties along University Ave . The change made the company a legal nonconforming industrial use .
A new location in South St. Paul at Concord Blvd . and Armour St. , totaling 68,000-square-feet , will serve as RFC 's new headquarters and offer sales , parts , and service . A new location in Coon Rapids near Highways 610 and 47 totaling 75,000-square-feet will serve as a body shop , in addition to offering sales , parts , and service .
The company 's St. Paul facility will be sold , and the move to new facilities will be later this year .
Union Flats obtains financing
The Union Flats apartments at 787 Hampden Ave. are moving ahead . The St. Paul City Council , acting as the Housing and Redevelopment Authority , voted June 28 to authorize the sale of up to $ 32 million in conduit tax exempt and up to $ 2.5 million in taxable housing revenue bonds . The council also approved a waiver of the city development fee .
Total development costs for the project are more than $ 67 million . Union Flats has received several grants for environmental clean-up and site improvements .
Dominium Development wishes to construct a new 100 percent affordable rental apartment building at 787 Hampden Ave. near the Raymond LRT Station . Union Flats will have a mix of one to three-bedroom units , with 217 apartments total . The project site is the former headquarters for Hunt Electric ; it was rezoned from industrial to traditional neighborhood use almost a year ago .
Dominium has extensive experience developing , owning , and managing affordable multi-family housing . Founded in 1972 , the company is currently managing more than 25,000 units of housing in 23 states , and are the second largest owner of affordable housing in the country . Dominium has developed numerous other projects in St. Paul including Schmidt Artist Lofts , The Cambric , and Lonnie Adkins Court .
The city approved what is called a conduit revenue bond , which is essentially pass-through of financing . It does n't involve any financial risk to the city .
Historic redevelopment is challenged by Commission
Restoration and expansion of a historic University and Raymond avenues building has run up against opposition from the St. Paul Heritage Preservation Commission ( HPC ) . On June 22 , the commission voted to reject plans from Exeter Group LLC for storefront redevelopment at 2400 University Ave. and deny a requested building permit . The commission is asking the developers to come back with a new plan to rehabilitate the street-level storefront spaces . That could mean repairing and retaining the historic building materials or developing a replacement that replicates the extant historic materials and detailing .
Exeter also has the option of appealing the HPC decision to the St. Paul City Council . No appeal had been filed as of Monitor deadline .
Much of the property has been transformed from an old trucking company and warehouse into the C & E Lofts apartments . The remaining piece is what to do with storefronts that have housed a wide variety of uses over the years .
The space has one future tenant , a second location for the Naughty Greek restaurant . But HPC staff , the developers and BKV Group architects need to come up with a new plan for the storefront .
Exeter would like to rehabilitate the 6,000 square feet of commercial space along University Ave. into two separate 3,00 square foot spaces . The space has six bays and four doors . Some of the spaces have been modified . HPC staff estimates that about 75 percent of the historic storefront components remain . HPC staff , and most commissioners , oppose complete removal of historic storefront materials .
The HPC instead proposes limited demolition , and removal and reinstalling original brass decorative trim . At issue is how much work is needed , in light of deteriorated materials in many places , and what parts of the storefronts should be retained . Exeter Group contends that no historic materials are in poor condition and that windows and doors need to be reconfigured for a new tenant .
The debate over the request generated more than 70 emails to HPC staff ; most focused on the prospect of bringing a new restaurant to the space . Many emails resulted from a social media campaign . Commissioners and HPC staff explained that the commission does n't regulate property use . Four people asked that the plan be denied .
The Naughty Greek , which has a location at Selby and Snelling , would open a second location in one part fo the building . Naughty Greek chef and owner Angelo Giovanis asked the commission to approve Exeter 's plans so that he could open a second space there .
A tenant has n't been announced for the second space .
Australian intelligence agencies have reportedly recieved `` huge volumes '' of `` immensely valuable '' intelligence data from the US , including from its PRISM program .
The PRISM programme came to light after a US Booz Allen staffer leaked a PowerPoint presentation to the Washington Post and the Guardian which detailed how the US was spying on the communications of foreigners without use of a warrant .
It was alleged that the US had access to servers operated by tech giants including Google , Facebook and Microsoft
According to a source at The Age , PRISM intelligence was the most prolific contributor to US President Barack Obama 's daily intelligence brief and had also formed part of Australian intelligence supplied to the cabinet National Security Committee .
Intelligence would reportedly be housed in a soon-to-be completed $ 163.5 million data centre to support the Defence Signals Directorate ( DSD ) .
But a defence source familiar with the HMAS HARMAN communications facilities project said they did not believe it would house intelligence data .
They understood the facility to house archived government data .
Tender documents described the HARMAN project involved an extension of the existing Defence Network Operations Centre valued in 2007 at $ 40 million and the construction of a co-located and stand alone data centre worth some $ 50 million .
The project was slated for completion in 2010 at the time tender documents were issued .
The Defence Network Operation Centre was focused on internal defensive measures including the provision of IKT equipement to defence personnel in the field .
Shadow Communications Minster Malcolm Turnbull has flagged concerns that PRISM could jeopardise US cloud computing services used by Australian organisations , while Greens Scott Ludlam said he will move an order for the production of documents in the Senate to force disclosure from the Federal Government into its knowledge of the intelligence program .
May I add a contemporary note to Ian Jack 's typically thoughtful piece on Ulster politics ( Opinion , 17 June ) ? In the late 1960s I was constituency secretary of the west Belfast branch of the Northern Ireland Labour party . In the 1950s and mid-60s the party had at times been taking almost 40 % of votes in Belfast across the sectarian divide . As the Troubles deepened , UK Labour failed to support its beleaguered democratic socialist partner , and turned towards allying with Irish nationalist parties , with the consequences we now see for progressive politics . Today , UK Labour , supposedly committed to equality , still refuses to let our members in Northern Ireland stand candidates , even in local elections . We surely can not prefer to see seats won by either the DUP or Sinn Féin ?
Tom Wylie
Oxford
In the United States , about 50 percent of adults have been diagnosed with at least one type of chronic illness such as diabetes , heart disease , or multiple sclerosis . Many of these chronic illnesses are “ invisible ” , that is , much of the time , these people will exhibit no obvious symptoms . Both chronic illnesses and their invisibility can have profound effects on people 's lives .
But how do they affect people ? What can be done to manage them ? What systems can be put in place to support people with chronic illness ? How can people who do not suffer from chronic illness help those who do ?
On Friday , we held a Twitter chat to discuss these issues with @ BobTwillman of the American Academy of Pain Management ; @ alliecashel , author of Suffering the Silence ; scientist , clinician and author @ PatriciaFennell and eminent physician and author @ HowardMarkel .
Below are some highlights from the Twitter chat :
ATLANTA -- Civil rights leader and former Atlanta mayor Andrew Young on Tuesday told a local television station that Danny Ferry should be allowed to rejoin the Hawks organization in his capacity as general manager .
Asked by WSB TV 's sports director Zach Klein whether Ferry should lose his job , Young responded , `` Hell no . ''
Hawks GM Danny Ferry took a leave of absence in September , but former Atlanta mayor and civil rights activist Andrew Young wants to see him return . AP Photo/David Goldman
Ferry took a leave of absence from the Hawks on Sept. 12 after a recording of him making inflammatory comments about Luol Deng on a conference call was made public . Since Ferry 's departure , Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer has presided as the head of basketball operations , with assistant general manager Wes Wilcox also active in day-to-day proceedings .
On the call , Ferry characterized Deng as a player who `` has a little African in him , '' and added , `` He 's like a guy who would have a nice store out front and sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back . ''
Ferry said he was `` repeating comments that were gathered from numerous sources during background conversations and scouting different players '' and that he repeated those comments in the call during a discussion of free agents .
Ferry did not say during the call that he was reading from background player assessments that someone else wrote in a scouting report .
Young said that were he the decision-maker in the Hawks executive offices , he would 've encouraged Ferry to stay on . He added that he does n't believe Ferry is a racist .
`` No more than I am , '' Young told the Atlanta station . `` That 's a word that you can not define , 'You are a racist . ' You ca n't grow up white in America without having some problems . You ca n't grow up black in America without having some subtle feelings . ''
The Hawks did not weigh in on Ferry 's status on Tuesday .
`` The Hawks do n't comment on individual stories , '' team spokesperson Garin Narain said .
Days before the recording of Ferry became public , an email written by Hawks owner Bruce Levenson in 2012 surfaced that expressed concern that the sizeable presence of African-American spectators at Hawks games was problematic for the franchise .
`` My theory is that the black crowd scared away the whites and there are simply not enough affluent black fans to build a significant season ticket base , '' Levenson wrote .
Levenson self-reported the email to the NBA last July and subsequently announced he would put the franchise up for sale . NBA commissioner Adam Silver said on Saturday that the process `` is moving along on course . ''
Since the controversy , the Hawks have been one of the NBA 's biggest surprises , compiling a record of 43-11 prior to the All-Star break , including a 19-game winning streak and a perfect January . They lead the Eastern Conference by 6½ games over the Toronto Raptors . Four members of the Hawks ' starting five were selected to last Sunday 's All-Star Game .
Young has been a prominent presence in Atlanta for more than 50 years and was a close confidante of Martin Luther King Jr . In 1972 , Young became the first black congressman from Georgia elected to the U.S. House of Representatives since Reconstruction . President Jimmy Carter appointed Young as the nation 's Ambassador to the United Nations in 1977 , after which Young was elected as Atlanta 's mayor in 1981 and again in 1985 .
A man in prison for terrorism may have a new opportunity to challenge his conviction , because the U.S. government only recently told him how it obtained evidence it intended to use against him : through one of the National Security Agency 's secret surveillance programs .
On Feb. 24 , the government notified Agron Hasbajrami , an Albanian citizen , it had intended to use information from the warrantless surveillance program — something that federal law required him to be told in September 2011 . Hasbajrami pleaded guilty in 2012 to a terrorism charge after admitting he tried to go to Pakistan to join a radical jihadist insurgent group . He was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
The notice is the third of its kind since the Justice Department last year pledged to review certain terrorism cases in order to provide a clearer picture of how classified evidence against defendants was gathered . Hasbajrami 's is the first closed case in which such a notification was provided .
The new policy is one of the ripple effects from disclosures last year by former NSA systems analyst Edward Snowden . The Snowden leaks have prompted major reviews of the programs that collected and examined billions of electronic and telephone communications . President Barack Obama is considering reforms .
It 's unclear what impact these after-the-fact notifications will have on criminal cases in U.S. courts — and how many cases could be affected .
In its letter to Hasbajrami , the government said the notification that it used additional warrantless surveillance against him is not necessarily grounds for him to withdraw his guilty plea or challenge his conviction . But that could ultimately be up to a judge to decide .
“ The new filings show that warrantless surveillance has played a role in more criminal cases than the government has ever before admitted , and that it has been improperly withholding that fact from defendants for years , ” said Patrick Toomey , an attorney in the American Civil Liberties Union National Security Project .
Last year , Snowden leaked documents that revealed the extent of some of the surveillance , including one program begun in 2008 that allows the government to read or listen to communications of non-Americans located outside the U.S. for counterterrorism purposes . Defending the programs , the Obama administration has provided even more information about how and when this particular surveillance was used .
These details gave some people accused of terrorism a clearer picture of what evidence might have been used against them that they did n't know about . And this prompted questions about why certain defendants were not told about this particular surveillance .
The surveillance at issue in the Justice Department review covers communications of non-Americans outside the U.S . Under that provision , known as Section 702 , the NSA can also sweep up the domestic communications of any American in contact with the terrorist suspect , even if those contacts have nothing to do with terrorism . The resulting sweeps are likely to have included emails and other data from tens of thousands of Americans over the past decade , experts have said .
Civil liberties groups challenged the constitutionality of this program in 2008 , after it was added to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . Their case ultimately went to the Supreme Court , which found that they had no standing to challenge the law , because they had no proof that their communications were monitored .
That decision came in February 2013 , months before the Snowden disclosures . But , during the course of the Supreme Court arguments , the government stated that it is the government 's policy to tell a defendant if evidence derived from this particular surveillance program would be used against him or her .
At that point , no defendant in a terrorism case was aware that the surveillance authorized under that particular law had been used in gathering evidence against him .
That changed as a result of the review , and in October last year , the government notified Jamshid Muhtorov that it intended to use evidence from this particular type of surveillance in its case against him . It was the first time the government made such a notification . Muhtorov , an Uzbek refugee living in Colorado , was accused in 2012 of trying to travel overseas to fight for a terrorist group . As a result of the government 's notification , Muhtorov became the first person who can prove that the government used this surveillance on him . He is now challenging the constitutionality of the program .
“ It 's going to create a difficulty for some courts , ” said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington Law School . “ It 's very hard to get the cat to walk backward , once you 've passed the sentencing stage . ”
In November 2013 , the government made a similar notification to Mohamed Osman Mohamud , a Somali-American who was convicted of plotting to set off a bomb in downtown Portland , Oregon , in 2010 . Mohamud has not yet been sentenced .
NRL adopts 'alternative ' national anthem for Indigenous round
Updated
When players run onto the field tonight for the first match of the Indigenous round of the National Rugby League season , they will sing the national anthem as usual .
What comes next is believed to be an Australian sporting first .
The audio recording of an alternative national anthem , written by Judith Durham of The Seekers fame in 2009 , will be played to the crowd , who can recite the words which will be displayed on the screens at the grounds .
Judith Durham 's lyrics Australians let us stand as one , upon this sacred land .
A new day dawns , we 're moving on to trust and understand .
Combine our ancient history and cultures everywhere ,
To bond together for all time , advance Australia fair .
With loving hearts then let us sing , advance Australia fair .
Australians let us all be one , with peace and harmony .
Our precious water , soil and sun , grant life for you and me .
Our land abounds in nature 's gifts to love , respect and share ,
And honouring the Dreaming , advance Australia fair .
With loving hearts then let us sing , advance Australia fair .
The initiative was months in the planning and pushed by Australian Rugby League Commissioner Chris Sarra , who is Indigenous .
`` The lyrics reach out to Indigenous Australians and it reaches out to all Australians , old and new , in a way the current national anthem fails to do so , '' Mr Sarra said .
Gone are the words `` we are young and free '' , replaced by `` with peace and harmony '' .
`` I do n't feel particularly connected or included in what [ the current anthem ] speaks about , '' Mr Sarra said .
`` I know as an Indigenous Australian , I am a descendant of the oldest continuing human existence on the planet . We are not young in that regard . ''
Alternative anthem gains support of Johnathan Thurston
Mr Sarra said the NRL was backing a push to start a conversation about an alternative anthem .
`` We think as a game , we want to lead in this space and we have embraced diversity and want to give Australia a glimpse of what a positive , more inclusive future looks like , '' he said .
`` Anyone who is content to leave people at the margins , they must be girt by ignorance and a lack of compassion . ''
But the NRL stopped short of having Judith Durham 's version sung live this weekend and that has disappointed Mr Sarra .
`` Personally I probably would have liked it sung . But I am wise enough to realise that this can be a tender issue for a lot of people , '' he said .
The alternative anthem has the support of the game 's highest profile Indigenous star , Cowboys co-captain Johnathan Thurston .
The 2017 Indigenous round marks : The 50th anniversary of the 1967 referendum to enable the Commonwealth to make laws in support of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and to count them in the census
The 25th anniversary of the 1992 High Court Mabo decision that recognised native title for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples
`` [ It ] acknowledges our history , the land , the Indigenous culture and also it acknowledges the Australia that we have today , which is very multicultural so I 'm a fan of it . ''
Thurston said he had no problems with the current anthem .
`` Obviously there are going to be a lot of people who are patriotic about the national anthem we have now but I think if people really read the lyrics and understand the lyrics then I think they 'd be a fan of the new one as well , '' he said .
Rugby League 's role in the Indigenous community
Five Indigenous players have already made their debuts in the NRL this season .
At the elite level , their contribution is significant .
Indigenous players account for 21 per cent of State of Origin players and almost a quarter of the Kangaroos squad .
Thurston said the Indigenous round meant a lot to him .
`` I think it 's great the NRL is acknowledging the contribution of Indigenous players throughout the history of the game , '' he said .
Topics : sport , rugby-league , nrl , human-interest , people , indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , community-and-society , brisbane-4000 , townsville-4810 , qld , australia
First posted
Economist Larry Kudlow says in a new interview that he expects the GOP tax plan signed into law by President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to pay for itself , despite estimates to the contrary .
In an interview with radio host John Catsimatidis on AM 970 in New York , the CNBC contributor and informal Trump adviser argued that the tax overhaul is a campaign promise that Trump `` never wavered '' on delivering .
`` He wanted to lower taxes , especially business taxes , he never wavered on that . Neither did Treasury Secretary [ Steven ] Mnuchin , who worked in the campaign with us , and it 's now come to fruition , '' Kudlow said in the interview , which was broadcast Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` Trump has ended the war on business . He 's ended the regulatory war . This [ tax reform ] now ends the punishment of investment , '' he added .
Congress passed the GOP tax plan last week , despite a number of hurdles facing Republican lawmakers , including concerns among some about its impact on the nation 's deficit .
Now , Kudlow expects to defy expectations again with predictions that the bill will not add to the deficit but rather `` pay for itself . ''
`` I think this thing is going to pan out better than almost anybody thinks . The deficit is going to be much lower , '' Kudlow said . `` This thing is going to pay for itself . ''
He also predicted an economic growth rate of about `` 3 to 4 percent , '' saying it could spur economic growth in other countries .
Kudlow 's comments run in stark contrast to an analysis released Friday by Congress 's tax scorekeeper , the Joint Committee on Taxation ( JCT ) .
After accounting for macroeconomic effects , the JCT estimated that the Republican plan would reduce federal revenue by $ 1.07 trillion over 10 years .
That figure was lower than the $ 1.46 trillion the JCT originally estimated the plan would cost before accounting for growth .
Divorce
82 percent of women `` leave '' their relationships in some form . - Women and Love : A Cultural Revolution in Progress , St. Martin 's Press mass market edition , 1989 , Shere Hite From each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs . - Karl Marx , A revolutionary programme : A criticism of the Gotha programme
The Liberated Divorcée
1992 Bellevue , Wash. - A common Hollywood theme is the single mother . While her `` ex '' is off sleeping with `` sluts , '' she slaves at a `` 9 to 5 , '' feeds and cares for the children , and makes a good case for killing the bum who abandoned her .
How often is this really the case ? The popular stereotype of the mean-hearted man who callously dumps his poor wife for a `` pretty young thing '' is a lie . According to Shere Hite , women -- the `` victims '' -- do most of the dumping : `` Ninety-one percent of divorces are initiated by women , according to this study -- contrary to the popular stereotype that 'men leave women . ' '' ( Women and Love : A Cultural Revolution in Progress , St. Martin 's Press mass market edition , 1989 , Shere Hite , p 405 )
During the seventies , Hollywood promoted this with several `` liberated women '' stories , in which a dumbfounded `` male chauvinist pig '' stood with his mouth hanging agape while his wife proudly announced she was going to divorce him . No , it was n't his fault , he did n't do anything wrong . It was her . She had changed . Now she needs her own space and time to discover herself and be her own person .
Packing her bags , she left him with the kids and rode off into the sunset to go back to school ( no one said who was going to pay for her tuition ) or to get a glamorous job ( no one worried about where or how she would get her training ) , or she was just going out to be a `` free spirit . ''
The Free Spirit
Being a `` free spirit '' in the movies is very rewarding . In real life , however , things do n't necessarily work that way . Many women discover the opportunities men seem to get so easily come only as the result of determination and hard work . And their personally satisfying but low-paying jobs do n't support the kind of spending they enjoyed on their husbands ' higher incomes .
In the real world , women by the thousands are learning what `` liberation '' is like : `` In the year following a divorce , the woman 's standard of living falls , on average , by 73 % . The man 's standard of living rises by 42 % . '' ( The Great Divide , Daniel E. Van Weiss , p 21 ) Pop feminists believe this is the primary cause of the `` feminization of poverty , '' that it 's men 's fault , and that the government should force men to make up the difference .
If men are to blame for the financial repercussions women suffer after they divorce their husbands , then the entire women 's movement is n't about equal rights at all . Realizing equal rights do not automatically guarantee equality , Catharine MacKinnon admits this . ( Feminism Unmodified : Discourses on Life and Law , Catherine A. MacKinnon , p 65 ) The differences between women and men , she believes , create an automatic bias against women . Hence , equal rights are not enough , and she wants to force men to subsidize women . Anything less is cause for criticism : `` The group realities that make women more in need of alimony are not permitted to matter , because only individual factors , gender-neutrally considered , may matter . '' ( Feminism Unmodified : Discourses on Life and Law , Catherine A. MacKinnon , p 35 )
Alimony
Should gender matter anymore ?
In traditional patriarchal society , gender mattered . The resulting roles worked because , within the framework of the time , they fulfilled both individual and societal needs . Technological advances , however , made it possible for the patriarchal arrangement to evolve : It takes less time to `` tend to the cooking , '' and the provider role ( work ) is less gender-specific .
But this is n't enough for pop feminists . They want it all , they want it right now , and they want men to give it to them . That means they must require men to support women in marriage , and subsidize them outside of marriage with alimony .
The rationale for alimony might be stated as , `` She earned a chunk of his future income by providing emotional and sexual support during the years he worked to achieve a position where he could earn his present income , and he should now compensate her for that investment . '' There is some logic in this . But did n't she already receive something from him in return ? Was n't the standard of living she enjoyed , the one that fell by 73 percent when she divorced him , worth ... 73 percent of something ? Did n't that contribute to her well-being ?
If a woman 's past investment in her ex-husband is worth something for which he must now compensate her , then what of his past investment in her ? Should n't the courts allow him to deduct this from her alimony ? Should n't she compensate him for what he lost when the marriage ended ?
When marriage ends , a man loses the sexual services of his ex-wife . In all fairness , if she has some right to his present and future income , then he has some right to her present and future sexual services . Either she should provide such services herself , or arrange for a surrogate to provide them in her stead . ( My thanks to Frank Cranbourne for pointing this out to me . ) Conjugal rights have value , and so long as pop feminists and the courts disregard the husband 's loss of this value , men are being victimized by a system that favors women .
Women who scoff at this will reveal to what extent they have objectified men as walking wallets - women ca n't be investments because their value is not measured in dollars , but the worth of a man is . As Warren Farrell notes , that 's because women view men as success objects . ( Farrell : Why Men Are the Way They Are , Warren Farrell , Ph.D. , p 182 )
If men should compensate women for what they lose in divorce , then women should also compensate men for what they lose in divorce . If pop feminists deny this , then not only do they expose their objectification of men as walking wallets , but they also relinquish every moral right to any form of alimony .
The Hypocrisy
2012 Olympia , Wash. - It should be obvious to unbiased readers that I was not advocating that when a woman divorces a man and then demands alimony from him , that she actually submit herself to provide him with sexual alimony . My purpose was to expose the hypocrisy behind `` divorce as women 's liberation '' and the demand for alimony .
During the 20 odd years since I wrote this chapter , the hypocrisy has become even more flagrant as women seeking divorce as liberation have , in overwhelming numbers , also demanded custody of the children , along with child-support payments from the often impoverished fathers now saddled with maintaining dual households .
But twenty years ago I was not taking into consideration that there would be psychopaths , sociopaths , and some with narcissistic personality disorder , others with borderline personality disorder -- or feminazis -- who would claim that here I was , in fact , advocating that women essentially prostitute themselves .
Generally , I do n't care what such people think or how they try to spin what I 've written . But I 'm involved in an organization that controls budgets . The feminazis in this organization , whom I call `` the sisterhood and their male familiars , '' are attacking anybody who stands between them and control of this money .
Their goal is to set up programs they control that will benefit fewer than 10 percent of our constituents , mostly the people running the programs . And I 'm one of the people standing in their way , so , among other things , they 're taking chapters of my book out of the context of everything I 've written , to claim that I hate women .
The irony is that several of the women who are doing this , are women I very actvely helped to promote into their current positions . Were I the kind of person to hate women , I 'd take that as reason to refuse to help any women in the future . But that would be irrational . Just as the sisterhood and their male familiars are irrational . Irrational , and motivated by money , power , attention and prestige to abuse their positions at the expense of our constituents .
Regards
Rod Van Mechelen
Craters of extinct and passive volcanoes are circular depressions in the ground caused by ancient volcanic activities . It is typically a basin , circular in form within which occurs a vent ( or vents ) . Because of their inaction these craters are mostly suffered many changes caused by atmospheric and human factors . Unusual and beautiful volcanic cones , traces of human activity , lush vegetation and colorful crater lakes are the main reasons why many tourists visit these extraordinary destinations .
1 . Diamond Head , Hawaii , USA link Diamond Head is the name of a volcanic tuff cone on the Hawaiian island of Oʻahu . Its name was given by British sailors in the 19th century , who mistook calcite crystals embedded in the rock for diamonds . This crater is a defining feature of the view known to residents and tourists of Waikiki alike .
link The volcanic tuff cone is a United States State Monument . While part of it serves as a platform for antennas used by the U.S. government and is closed to the public , the crater 's proximity to Honolulu 's resort hotels and beaches makes the rest of it a popular destination . link Fort Ruger , the first United States military reservation on Hawaii . Only a National Guard facility remains in the crater . An FAA air traffic control center was in operation from 1963 to 2001 . [ map ] The interior was the home to , the first United States military reservation on Hawaii . Only a National Guard facility remains in the crater . An FAA air traffic control center was in operation from 1963 to 2001 . [ link
2 . Kelimutu , Indonesia
link Kelimutu is a volcano , close to the small town of Moni in central Flores Island of Indonesia . The volcano contains three striking summit crater lakes of varying colors . Tiwu Ata Mbupu ( Lake of Old People ) is usually blue and is the westernmost of the three lakes .
link The other two lakes , Tiwu Nuwa Muri Koo Fai ( Lake of Young Men and Maidens ) and Tiwu Ata Polo ( Enchanted Lake ) are separated by a shared crater wall and are typically green or red respectively . The lake colors vary on a periodic basis . Subaqueous fumaroles are the probable cause of active upwelling that occurs at the two eastern lakes .
link link2 , map ] The visitor is never quite sure what color the lakes will be when they reach the top as they vary significantly . Unlike other crater lakes where the color variation can be predicted , this is not the case with these three lakes . The colors you see here are blue , green and black ( and they predominate ) yet the lakes also change to white , red and blue too . [ link1
3 . Crater in Rocas Bainbridge , Galapagos Islands , Ecuador links This wonderful islet is located in Rocas Bainbridge - a chain of volcanic cones off the southeastern coast of Santiago Island , Galapagos . link Turquoise lake nestled in the crater of this extinct volcano is a shallow saltwater lake . It is a meeting place for a large number of flamingos , who come here to feed . [ map ]
4 . Xico , Mexico
Xico volcano sits at the extreme southern end of the Mexico City megalopolis . For a geologically significant chunk of time , this area was underwater , drowned by Lake Chalco . The lake began to dry out in the 1300s , and Aztec fishermen settled along its coastline hereabouts . In the nineteenth century , the government drained the lake entirely ; the fishermen were awarded communal land grants and told to become farmers .
Farming became intensive in the 1970s , when corporate agriculturists and desperate landless peasants struck illegal or quasi-legal deals with the communal organizations and wrested control of the rich volcanic soil . Thousands and thousands of families poured into the region , hoping for work . Farmers climbed over the rim of the volcano and plowed fields inside the crater . Xico the town sprawled right up to the ramparts of Xico the crater and appears likely to soon engulf it ; in 2005 , the population of the municipality was 330,000 . [ map ] became intensive in the 1970s , when corporate agriculturists and desperate landless peasants struck illegal or quasi-legal deals with the communal organizations and wrested control of the rich volcanic soil . Thousands and thousands of families poured into the region , hoping for work . Farmers climbed over the rim of the volcano and plowed fields inside the crater . Xico the town sprawled right up to the ramparts of Xico the crater and appears likely to soon engulf it ; in 2005 , the population of the municipality was 330,000 . [ link
5 . Molokini , Hawaii , USA
Molokini is a crescent-shaped , partially submerged volcanic crater which forms a small islet located in Alalakeiki Channel between the islands of Maui and Kahoʻolawe , part of Maui County in Hawaiʻi . It has an area of 23 acres ( 93,169 sq m ) , a diameter of about 0.4 miles ( 0.6 km ) , and is located about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) west of Makena State Park and south of Maʻalaea Bay . It is a popular tourist destination for scuba diving , snuba and snorkeling .
This place is one of the top 10 dive spots in the world . Molokini 's crescent shape protects divers from waves and the channel 's powerful currents . The crater houses a lush reef with excellent visibility as deep as 150 feet ( 46 m ) . Molokini is home to about 250 species of fish , many endemic . The islet is a Hawaiʻi State Seabird Sanctuary . [ link , map ]
6 . Seongsan Ilchulbong , South Korea
link Seongsan Ilchulbong , also called ‘ Sunrise Peak ' , is an archetypal tuff cone formed by hydrovolcanic eruptions upon a shallow seabed about 4 thousand years ago .
link Situated on the eastern seaboard of Jeju Island and said to resemble a gigantic ancient castle , this tuff cone is 182 meters ( 600 ft ) high , has a preserved bowl-like crater and also displays diverse inner structures resulting from the sea cliff .
link map ] These features are considered to be of geologic worth , providing information on eruptive and depositional processes of hydromagmatic volcanoes worldwide as well as past volcanic activity of Seongsan Ilchulbong itself . This volcanic crater has a lush vegetation and is home to 6 rare plant species . [ link
7 . Nabiyotum Crater , Kenya
Nabiyotum Crater is located in the south of Lake Turkana in Kenya - the world 's largest alkaline lake . Because of its beautiful and unusual appearance , this crater represents a geological wonder of the lake . [ map
8 . Aogashima , Japan
If current polling numbers hold , the Libertarian Party could surpass an important vote share threshold come November .
If Gary Johnson and Bill Weld receive at least five percent of the popular vote , they 'll be officially classified as a `` minor party '' by the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) . If that happens , the Libertarian Party 's candidate in 2020 would qualify for public matching funds based on how much of the vote they receive .
At RealClear politics , Bill Scher takes note of the possibilities :
If Johnson snags 5 percent of the national popular vote , the Federal Election Commission will classify the Libertarians as an official `` minor party , '' granting the 2020 nominee a lump sum of cash for the fall campaign , courtesy of the American taxpayer . ( And do n't you think for a second that the vehemently anti-big-government Libertarians wo n't cash that big government check in a heartbeat . ) The exact amount of federal funds depends on the size of his vote , but Green Party officials – who have been chasing 5 percent for years – estimate that meeting the threshold would yield about $ 10 million . That may seem like chump change compared to the hundreds of millions of dollars major party presidential nominees routinely raise . But Johnson has gotten this far after raising only $ 8 million through August . The prospect of knowing the Libertarian Party 's nominee is guaranteed $ 10 million will allow him or her to hit the campaign trail running , improving the odds of getting into the debates , winning an even larger share of vote and fortifying the party 's place in the American political landscape .
Is n't it a little bit odd for Scher to assert what the Libertarian Party would do in a snarky parenthetical aside rather than simply contacting them to ask ? Scher 's hardly an objective observer of the election from his home at liberaloasis.com . That 's certainly no sin ( read about my own lack of objectivity here ) , but it took me no time at all to contact the Libertarian Party and talk to party chair Nicholas Sarwark .
The reality is , according to Sarwark , members of the Libertarian Party are not in agreement over whether to take the money , and it will have to be something hammered out if Johnson actually reaches the threshold . ( Keep in mind this FEC fund Scher describes is made entirely from voluntary donations from taxpayers . The FEC notes in its guidelines `` Money for public funding of presidential elections can come only from the Presidential Fund . If the Presidential Fund runs short of funds , no other general Treasury funds may be used . '' )
`` We would be delighted to have that conversation , '' Sarwark told Reason . `` Right now we 're just entirely focused on the election and having Johnson do as well as possible . ''
In the event Johnson reaches the FEC vote threshold , Sarwark believes the most likely outcome will be that delegates to the Libertarian Party 's 2018 national convention would need to hammer out a possible bylaw about whether a potential candidate should be permitted to accept the money . As a legal matter , Sarwark notes , it 's the candidate who decides whether to take the money , not the party . So the bylaw would serve the purpose of attempting to bind a future candidate to the party 's attitude toward whether to accept the grant .
Another potential concern is that accepting the grant actually imposes a limit on fundraising by the candidate as part of matching these funds . While it might , at the moment , appear to be a boon for whoever comes after Johnson ( it certainly was for Pat Buchanan following after Ross Perot with the Reform Party ) , if this Republican Party crack-up continues and more people see the Libertarian Party as an alternative , it actually might not be in the party 's interest to tie themselves down this way . There 's a reason the Democrats and the Republicans do n't avail themselves of this money anymore . Neither party has accepted any grants for the general election as yet , and the only primary candidate to accept matching funds was Martin O'Malley .
Voluntary participation in the program has also plunged , according to the FEC , dropping from nearly 30 percent of returns in 1980 to a little over 5 percent of returns in 2015 . That 's an interesting lesson right there for folks who want to demand public funding for elections . These folks are n't putting their money where their mouths are .
Police in Noord-Brabant are continuing to investigate a double shooting at a jewellery store in the village of Deurne on Friday evening .
Two men , believed to be armed robbers , were shot dead in the incident but details of what happened remain sketchy .
The shop owner was taken to hospital with what some sources say was a gunshot wound to his hand .
Sources told the Telegraaf the owner 's wife may have seen that ‘ something was up ' on closed circuit television at her home next to the shop and then gone to intervene . She is reported to be the shooter in several papers .
Police have told the paper they did not use their guns . ‘ We continue to view this as an attempt at self-defence during a robbery , ' a police spokesman told Radio 1 .
The shop , Goldies , was attacked by armed robbers in 2010 , the Telegraaf said .
HEY GUYS I DID N'T THINK I WAS GON NA SIGN UP FOR HEALTH INSURANCE BUT THEN I SAW THE OBAMACARE PEOPLE HAD THIS AMAZING SITE . IT 'S BASED ON MARCH MADNESS AND I LOVE MARCH MADNESS .
BUT INSTEAD OF NCAA BRACKETS , WE VOTE FOR OUR FAVORITE GIFS . THAT 'S WHAT I LIKE ABOUT OBAMA , HE TOTALLY `` GETS '' MY GENERATION . WE LOVE GIFS ! WE READ GIFS ON THE BUZZFEED , IT 'S TOTALLY FULL OF GIFS . HERE 'S ONE OF THE GIFS WE CAN VOTE FOR , IT 'S ONE OF THE REASONS WHY WE SHOULD GET INSURANCE :
YOLO ! KIDS LIKE ME SAY YOLO ALL THE TIME . AND THERE 'S A HASHTAG , TOO ! IT 'S # GETCOVEREDNOW . WOW . HASHTAGS ARE AWESOME , LIKE GIFS . HERE 'S ANOTHER ONE OF THEIR GIFS . IT 'S A SORT OF BLINGIE THINGIE AND IT 'S GOT A CAT . I LOVE LOOKING AT CATS ON THE INTERNET , IT 'S SORT OF `` MY THING . ''
WELL ANYWAY I JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT THIS SITE , IT 'S GREAT . I SWEAR I AM A REAL YOUTH OF TODAY JUST LIKE YOU . MAYBE YOU COULD `` TEXT '' SOME OF YOUR FRIENDS TO TELL THEM ABOUT IT ? AND WHILE YOU 'RE ONLINE , YOU SHOULD # GETCOVEREDNOW . HOW HARD CAN IT BE ?
Six months after the release of their funky , innovative album The Red , Red Velvet returns to the K-pop scene a little softer . The girl group that garnered a lot of attention last year for their spunky singles “ Dumb Dumb ” and “ Ice Cream Cake ” are back to showcase a more melancholic image on their new track “ One Of These Nights . ”
“ One Of These Nights , ” or “ Seventh Day of the Seventh Month ” as its known in South Korean , is an R & B inspired track full of longing . The song takes its themes from the Korean folktale of Jiknyeo and Gyeonwu , lovers separated all but one day each year -- the seventh day of the seventh month of the lunar calendar . The mournful tone of Red Velvet 's voices are clear throughout the rising ballad , driven by orchestral accompaniment and a guiding bass .
The dreamy single explores regret following a breakup and is one of the group 's most expressive vocal performances to date , with Wendy 's belting taking a focal point in the song 's arrangement to match the others ' lighter harmonies . “ One Of These Nights ” is different from their most recent hits : As good as those songs were , this is n't a bad thing , since it 's nice to see Red Velvet turn back to their velvety side .
“ One Of These Nights ” continues the path of Red Velvet 's early songs “ Be Natural ” and “ Automatic , ” emphasizing a classier image that counters the brighter concepts that Red Velvet has captured in their more recent upbeat “ red ” singles . But “ One Of These Nights ” is just as compositionally stimulating as something like “ Ice Cream Cake. ” Soaring piano , strings , and tinkling chimes sit beneath Red Velvet 's voices to build the song up to a dramatic finale -- it 's not as bouncy as “ Dumb Dumb , ” but no less captivating .
Red Velvet 's latest EP , The Velvet , features not one but four versions of “ One Of These Nights , ” including the original composition , the De-Capo version , the so-called Joe Millionaire style , and a piano rendition to better showcase the wide-array of sounds explored by the song .
Check it out above .
Normally I post on Tuesdays , but I already have the next two posts written and this issue is too short and sweet to wait two and a half weeks . I 'm actually quite surprised I have n't stumbled on it before .
Today 's bug comes courtesy of Microsoft . Thank you , Microsoft , this series would n't exist without the generous support of entities like you .
—
I was writing an extension method that would expose an IList < T > as an IReadOnlyList < T > when I came across the problem .
Because of historical coincidence , IReadOnlyList < T > is not implemented by IList < T > . As a result , some classes that implement IList < T > do n't implement IReadOnlyList < T > . A somewhat related problem is that many classes that implement IReadOnlyList < T > are readable but not readonly ( example error case : you pass a read only list to some dynamic binding code , which sees that it 's actually a mutable list , and end up with two-way binding instead of one-way ) . The extension method I was writing was for working around these issues , and looked like this :
public static IReadOnlyList < T > AsReadOnlyList ( IList < T > list ) { if ( list == null ) throw new ArgumentNullException ( `` list '' ) ; if ( list.IsReadOnly ) { var r = list as IReadOnlyList < T > ; if ( r ! = null ) return r ; } return new ReadOnlyCollection < T > ( list ) ; }
Notice the special case that does n't wrap the input if it is already a truly readonly list . To confirm that it was working properly , I tested some cases where wrapping should and should n't occur . This resulted in a very confusing failure :
var r = new int [ 5 ] ; Assert.AreNotSame ( r , r.AsReadOnlyList ( ) ) ; // fails
Arrays are n't being wrapped ! This is despite the fact that Array.IsReadOnly is documented as guaranteed to return false ( even for 0-length arrays where it would be fine if it returned true ) . This , you might reasonably expect , would seem to guarantee that a branch conditioned on the IsReadOnly property would not be taken . I even confirmed that the documentation was correct :
var r = new int [ 5 ] ; Assert.IsFalse ( r.IsReadOnly ) ; // passes Assert.AreNotSame ( r , r.AsReadOnlyList ( ) ) ; // still fails . what .
What the heck is going on ? ? It took some very confused experimenting , but the issue is that Array.IsReadOnly is always false , until you cast to an IList < T > , in which case it is always true . Despite the fact that the array-as-IList < T > still allows you to make changes :
var r = new int [ 5 ] ; Assert.IsFalse ( r.IsReadOnly ) ; // passes IList < T > c = r ; c [ 0 ] += 1 ; // works . clearly not readonly Assert.IsFalse ( c.IsReadOnly ) ; // fails
How is this possible ? Well , the array type has an explicit implementation of ICollection < T > .IsReadOnly , distinct from the public Array.IsReadOnly getter , that returns true instead of false . That 's right , an on-purpose differing explicit implementation of the “ same ” method . This bug is coming from inside the house .
But seriously , this “ bug ” is by design . Apparently when Microsoft decided to not keep the IsFixedSize property when making a generic variant of IList , they also decided to subtly change the meaning of IsReadOnly . However , since changing the result of the existing method would be a breaking change , they just decided to… have a little bit of both meanings . Ugh .
I 'm not the first to notice this issue . I probably wo n't be the last , either . Keep it in mind , because to write actually correct code you have to check for arrays in addition to checking IsReadOnly :
public static bool IsReallyReallyReadOnly < T > ( this IList < T > list ) { return list.IsReadOnly & & ! ( list is T [ ] ) ; }
—
—
Twisted Oak Studios offers consulting and development on high-tech interactive projects . Check out our portfolio , or Give us a shout if you have anything you think some really rad engineers should help you with .
Archive
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region ( Kurdistan24 ) – Main Kurdish ruling parties in the Kurdistan Region will restart negotiations with the Federal Government of Iraq on implementing Kurds ' demands , said the Kurdish ruling parties on Saturday .
Currently , Iraq is facing a political turmoil as several parties have failed to reach an agreement in parliament on forming the newly nominated technocrat cabinet and reforms that the Prime Minister of Iraq Haider al-Abadi is trying to implement .
On Saturday , Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) and Patriotic Union of Kurdistan ( PUK ) , the two main ruling parties of the Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) , held a meeting led by the President of the Kurdistan Region Masoud Barzani .
Following the meeting , the two parties released a statement declaring that KRG delegates will restart negotiations with Baghdad . The negotiations will aim to resolve the roots of the issues between the two sides and bring all the demands of the Kurdistan Region people on the table .
The parties expressed their opinions for a solution to the current political turmoil in Baghdad urging the establishing of consensus and a real partnership in the government .
The statement also mentioned that agreement should be based on trust , and the federal government must have the ability to implement the demands of all components of Iraq , including the Kurdistan Region .
Additionally , the Kurdish parties will attempt to keep the unity of the Kurdish voice in Baghdad . They also plan to solve the political instability in the Kurdistan Region by distributing governmental posts based on the result of elections .
KDP and PUK also highlighted the Kurdish referendum that is planned to be held in 2016 . The statement explained that referendum is a democratic right of the people of Kurdistan .
“ The first party and country that we believe is crucial to have a dialogue with on referendum are the parties , parliament and the Federal Government of Iraq , ” the statement concluded .
Reporting by Mewan Dolamari
Editing by Karzan Sulaivany
Actually , no , they really , really do n't . First , let 's dispose of a couple of problems with this “ witty ” picture :
First , that is not the map of the 2012 election . That 's not even that map of the 2008 election . It 's the map of the 2004 election . Now why , oh why , would they feel the need to go back to 2004 to get a map ?
Why not the 2012 map ? :
Oh , I see ! There 's a lot more blue in there . That 's pretty damn dishonest . That 's almost like using to the 1992 map to show how liberal America is :
But you do n't come to this site for dishonesty . We leave that sort of thing to the Right . By the way , if anyone is wondering , yes , the original picture was posted on Nov. 9 . AFTER the election so the Right Wing schmuck who made it could have easily found an updated picture . That is , if he was interested in being honest . Now you know why we call it “ propaganda . ”
You see , there 's a funny thing about the conservative image of America that the Right hysterically denies : It 's wrong . Not just wrong but really wrong . They look at the standard red state/blue state map :
And they say , “ Look at all that red ! This OUR ‘ Murika ! ”
Wrong . Wrong . WRONG !
Since we 're looking at so many pretty pictures , here 's a good one :
This is the same red/blue 2012 electoral map but the colors have been altered to reflect population density . See that large pale pink swath in the Midwest ? That 's the “ heartland ” the Right fetishizes . Nobody lives there . That because most of the country lives in cities . Actually , as of the 2010 census , 80.7 % of the population lives in cities . Now look at this dark blue , almost purple , chunks . See how much more of that there is than the dark red patches ? There are simply more liberals in America than conservatives . Those huge patches of “ red ” in the West are meaningless . New York , alone , is worth more than 7 of those states put together . And Texas ? See that creeping blue in the southwest of Texas in the picture above ? Texas will be a swing state within 10-20 years , reliably blue within 30 or so and that will be the end of the Right Wing 's aspirations to the White House . America is not “ red. ” It 's purple with a blue shift , denoting movement forward . It 's physics , I tell you ! ( my fellow nerds will get it )
The other disingenuous bit ( aka “ complete lie ” ) about “ Red America paying for blue America , ” is that red states are , by and large , welfare states :
You know , for a group of people that insist they hate the government , they sure put their hand out fast enough for government assistance . Let me guess ? You all deserve it for being white “ good Amurikans ? ” Keep telling yourself that , you moochers !
Feel free to tell me what a terrible person I am on Facebook , at my home blog or follow me on Twitter @ FilthyLbrlScum
Press Release
Connecticut DESPP Admits ‘ mistakes ' in Ex Parte Confiscations DESPP Promises to Stop Threatening Lawful Gun Owners Middletown , CT , October 3 , 2013 : In a letter dated September 10th , 2013 , the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection ( DESPP ) admitted to 'mistakes ' in sending threatening letters to citizens that were the subject of Ex Parte restraining orders and unlawfully demanding the surrender of their firearms under the threat of arrest . The letter comes as an apparent response to Attorney Rachel M. Baird 's
While the DESPP assures us that these kinds of threats are to be ‘ no longer mailed when an ex parte restraining order is issued ' , we still have serious concerns about this and other topics when the DESPP and their legal counsel were unable previously to properly
Connecticut Carry expects that this lack of understanding is only going to get worse considering the 130+ page st , 2013 .
The lack of understanding of these basic legal constructs as well as the constitutional issues exposed within them was the subject of a
No agency , whether federal , state or municipal should be issuing threats of arrest without a full understanding of the law .
In a letter dated September 10 , 2013 , the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection ( DESPP ) admitted to 'mistakes ' in sending threatening letters to citizens that were the subject of Ex Parte restraining orders and unlawfully demanding the surrender of their firearms under the threat of arrest . The letter comes as an apparent response to Attorney Rachel M. Baird 's criminal complaint sent to the FBI against the DESPP for deprivation of civil rights.While the DESPP assures us that these kinds of threats are to be ‘ no longer mailed when an ex parte restraining order is issued ' , we still have serious concerns about this and other topics when the DESPP and their legal counsel were unable previously to properly distinguish between an Ex Parte restraining order and a restraining order . The facts of this case as well as others only serve to further emphasize the severe lack of legal understanding within the Connecticut State Police.Connecticut Carry expects that this lack of understanding is only going to get worse considering the 130+ page gun ban implemented by our legislature as of 4/4/2013 . We first publicized the topic of Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection threatening gun owners back on July 1 , 2013.The lack of understanding of these basic legal constructs as well as the constitutional issues exposed within them was the subject of a letter to the US House of Representatives and Senate after Senators Blumenthal and Murphy signed on to try and change the legislation to cover DESPP 's tracks . Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Forward to a Friend Connecticut Carry is a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) non-partisan , grassroots , non-profit organization dedicated to advancing and protecting the fundamental civil rights of the men and women of Connecticut to keep and bear arms for defense of themselves and the state as guaranteed by the United States Constitution and the Constitution of Connecticut .
ESPN today announced expanded roles for three of its most prominent commentators : Sage Steele , Michelle Beadle and Doris Burke .
Michelle Beadle joins NBA Countdown
Michelle Beadle will join ESPN 's NBA Countdown – the company 's NBA pre-game show – as the host on Wednesdays and Fridays throughout the season , beginning with NBA preseason coverage this October . Beadle has guest-hosted NBA Countdown previously . The avid NBA fan and popular ESPN commentator will continue her position as co-host for SportsNation – the daily , fan-driven commentary program . Weeknight editions of NBA Countdown will expand to one-hour shows and air Wednesdays and Fridays on ESPN , preceding NBA doubleheaders .
Sage Steele adds lead role for SportsCenter on The Road to her NBA Countdown responsibilities
Sage Steele will continue to serve as the host of the weekend editions of NBA Countdown , preceding NBA Saturday Primetime on ABC – the national NBA game of the week – and the popular ABC NBA Sunday Showcase series .
Steele will expand her current role to serve as the lead host for SportsCenter on the Road – SportsCenter 's on-site programming initiative . Steele , one of ESPN 's most recognizable and talented personalities , will begin this role in October , providing live , on-site coverage at the most significant sports events throughout the year , including the MLB World Series , the Super Bowl , the College Football Playoff and College Football National Championship , the Men 's Final Four , the Masters , and more . Steele 's new SportsCenter role is an integral part of an expanded SportsCenter on the Road initiative .
Doris Burke to expand game analyst role
Doris Burke will expand her role as an NBA and men 's and women 's college basketball game analyst this season . Burke , who is recognized as one of the industry 's most respected and knowledgeable basketball commentators , will be a regular ESPN NBA game analyst , while increasing her men 's and women 's college basketball analyst assignments as well . Burke will also continue to serve as an NBA sideline reporter and analyst for the NCAA Women 's Final Four . More details on Burke 's new role will be available in the coming weeks .
Last season , Wednesday and Friday editions of NBA Countdown were hosted by Burke or Steele .
Connor Schell , ESPN senior vice president , original content :
“ Michelle and Sage are two of ESPN 's most authentic and charismatic voices . They are gifted broadcasters who enlighten and entertain sports fans . We are confident that with Michelle and Sage in these expanded roles , two of our most important shows , NBA Countdown and SportsCenter , have gotten stronger . ”
Stephanie Druley , ESPN senior vice president , events and studio production :
“ Doris brings instant credibility to any event she 's working on . Her depth of basketball knowledge , whether it be pro or college , men 's or women 's , is truly second-to-none . Her expanded game analyst role will make our coverage smarter and better . ”
-30-
SLIPPERY SURFACE : The ice rink in front of the Rockefeller Center in New York .
Hamilton , get your skates on .
A winter wonderland is to be recreated in Garden Place later this year with people getting a taste of a European-style outdoor ice rink .
The 15m x 30m ice rink is planned to set up for a month from mid-September and would be open for skaters from 10am to 10pm .
The $ 4.2 million rink is being shipped from Amsterdam by Christchurch-based event promoter Douglas Webber Group for three ice hockey games in Auckland , Christchurch and Dunedin before being broken up into pieces for the City Rink Tour .
The Hamilton rink would require about 50,000 litres of water and would take up to 72 hours to freeze .
Up to 250 people would be able to glide around the Hamilton rink at one time and promoter Gareth Webber said it would have a similar feel as the rink lit up outside New York 's Rockefeller Center during winter .
`` It 's something else really , an experience – not just ice skating .
`` With all the cafes and bars around it 's a great place and people can wind down and have a coffee in the day or have a drink at night . ''
Mr Webber said the rink , which he called the `` Rolls-Royce of ice floors '' , would stay frozen because it would continue to be refrigerated .
The rink 's debut in Hamilton coincides with the city 's hosting of the Rugby World Cup and would share the space with the community days planned at Garden Place during the match games in the city .
Ice rinks were also planned to be set up in Wellington and Dunedin and Mr Webber expected people would travel from outside the city for the experience . Skaters would be able to hire skates .
The promoter was still working through the consent processes but was confident the rink would be approved . `` Hamilton City Council has long been recognised by our company as a pro-active and supportive council in bringing events to the city . ''
The Zambian Government has suggested that it will introduce harsher punishments for LGBT people after a human rights activist appeared on television to discuss gay rights
Zambian Government ministers have suggested that penalties for LGBT people may be increased following the arrest of human rights activist Paul Kasonkomona after he appeared on Zambian television to discuss gay rights .
Kasonkomona was arrested last Sunday directly after he appeared on Zambia 's MUVI television channel and was held for three nights before police charged him with being ‘ idle and disorderly in a public place . '
Kasonkomona has pleaded not guilty to the charges .
Following his arrest , Zambian Sports Minister Chishimba Kambwili told Radio Phoenix 's Let The Talk program that the government would introduce stiffer laws to curb what he termed ‘ gay-ism . '
Deputy Minister for Home Affairs Stephen Kampyongo confirmed the government 's plans .
‘ We will not tolerate homosexuality in Zambia – in fact as government we will push for legislation to stiffen punishment , ' Kampyongo said .
Kampyongo told the Times of Zambia that the government had met with religious groups including the Zambia Episcopal Conference , the Evangelical Fellowship of Zambia , the Council of Churches in Zambia , Seventh Day Adventists and the Islamic Council of Zambia to assure them of the government 's opposition to LGBT rights .
‘ The Church has unanimously made it clear that from the biblical and cultural point of view , societal norms do not recognize activities of gay-ism and the Government agrees with this stance , ' Kampyongo said .
‘ During the meeting , a representative from the Islamic community said anyone who talks about promoting gay rights is liable to serious punishment under Muslim law . '
Kasonkomona has been released on bail and will next face court on May 15 .
In the meantime he has announced that he will sue over his treatment by authorities – alleging that he was unlawfully detained and that he suffered mental distress and injury during his detention .
Kasonkomona also says police denied him access to anti-retroviral medication and drugs to treat tuberculosis while he was being held .
Live from the Emmys , it 's Kate McKinnon !
The Saturday Night Live star took home the award for outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series at Sunday 's ceremony for her tour de force on the iconic late night sketch comedy show .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
McKinnon memorably played Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on the late night show — often sparring with Alec Baldwin ‘ s portrayal of Donald Trump .
McKinnon , 33 , said during her acceptance speech that “ being part of this season of SNL is the most meaningful thing I will ever do . ”
She also thanked Clinton “ for your grace and grit . ”
Rob Latour/Variety/Shutterstock
Watch the full episode of People & Entertainment Weekly Red Carpet Live , streaming now on PeopleTV . Go to People.com/peopletv , or download the app on your favorite streaming device .
She beat out competitors including Vanessa Bayer ( Saturday Night Live ) , Anna Chlumsky , ( Veep ) , Kathryn Hahn , ( Transparent ) , Leslie Jones , ( SNL ) , Judith Light , ( Transparent ) and Kate McKinnon ( SNL ) .
FROM PEN : TV Revivals We Want to See
For full Emmys coverage , click here .
The 69th Primetime Emmy Awards , hosted by Stephen Colbert , are airing live on CBS from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles .
Grappling with the shock of Donald Trump 's election victory , most analysts focus on his appeal to those in the United States who feel left behind , wish to retrieve a lost social order , and sought to rebuke establishment politicians who do not serve their interests . In this respect , the recent American revolt echoes the shock of the Brexit vote in the United Kingdom , but it is of far greater significance because it promises to reshape the entire global order , and the complaisant forms of thought that accompanied it .
Ideas played an important role in creating the conditions that produced Brexit and Trump . The ‘ social sciences ' — especially economics — legitimated a set of ideas about the economy that were aggressively peddled and became the conventional wisdom in the policies of mainstream political parties , to the extent that the central theme of the age came to be that there was no alternative . The victory of these ideas in politics in turn strengthened the iron-handed enforcers of the same ideas in academic orthodoxy .
It is never clear whether ideas or interests are the prime mover in shaping historical events , but only ideas and interests together can sustain a ruling consensus for a lengthy interval , such as the historic period of financialization and globalization running over the last 35 years . The role of economics in furnishing the now-rebuked narratives that have reigned for decades in mainstream political parties can be seen in three areas .
First , there is globalization as we knew it . Mainstream economics championed corporate-friendly trade and investment agreements to increase prosperity , and provided the intellectual framework for multilateral trade agreements . Economics made the case for such agreements , generally rejecting concerns over labor and environmental standards and giving short shrift to the effects of globalization in weakening the bargaining power of workers or altogether displacing them ; to the need for compensatory measures to aid those displaced ; and more generally to measures to ensure that the benefits of growth were shared . For the most part , economists casually waved aside such concerns , both in their theories and in their policy recommendations , treating these matters as either insignificant or as being in the jurisdiction of politicians . Still less attention was paid to crafting an alternate form of globalization , or to identifying bases for national economic policies taking a less passive view of comparative advantage and instead aiming to create it .
Second , there is financialization , which led to increasing disconnection between stock market performance and the real economy , with large rewards going to firms that undertook asset stripping , outsourcing , and offshoring . The combination of globalization and financialization produced a new plutocratic class of owners , managers and those who serviced them in global cities , alongside gentrification of those cities , proleterianization and lumpenization of suburbs , and growing insecurity and casualization of employment for the bulk of the middle and working class .
Financialization also led to the near-abandonment of the ‘ national ' industrial economy in favor of global sourcing and sales , and a handsome financial rentier economy built on top of it . Meanwhile , automation trends led to shedding of jobs everywhere , and threaten far more .
All of this was hardly noticed by the discipline charged with studying the economy . Indeed , it actively provided rationales for financialization , in the form of the efficient-markets hypothesis and related ideas ; for concentration of capital through mergers and acquisitions in the form of contestable-markets theory ; for the gentrification of the city through attacks on rent control and other urban policies ; for remaking of labor markets through the idea that unemployment was primarily a reflection of voluntary leisure preferences , etc . The mainstream political parties , including those historically representing the working and middle classes , in thrall to the ‘ scientific ' sheen of market fetishism , gambled that they could redistribute a share of the promised gains and thus embraced policies the effect of which was ultimately to abandon and to antagonize a large section of their electorate .
Third , there is the push for austerity , a recurrent trope of the ‘ neoliberal ' era which , although not favored by all , has played an important role in creating conditions for the rise of popular movements demanding a more expansionary fiscal stance ( though they can paradoxically simultaneously disdain taxation , as with Trumpism ) . The often faulty intellectual case made by many mainstream economists for central bank independence , inflation targeting , debt sustainability thresholds , the distortive character of taxation and the superiority of private provision of services including for health , education and welfare , have helped to support antagonism to governmental activity . Within this perspective , there is limited room for fiscal or even monetary stimulus , or for any direct governmental role in service provision , even in the form of productivity-enhancing investments . It is only the failure fully to overcome the shipwreck of 2008 that has caused some cracks in the edifice .
The dominant economic ideas taken together created a framework in which deviation from declared orthodoxy would be punished by dynamics unleashed by globalization and financialization . The system depended not merely on actors having the specific interests attributed to them , but in believing in the theory that said that they did . [ This is one of the reasons that Trumpism has generated confusion among economic actors , even as his victory produced an early bout of stock-market euphoria . It does not rebuke neoliberalism so much as replace it with its own heretical version , bastard neoliberalism , an orientation without a theory , whose tale has yet to be written . ]
Finally , interpretations of politics were too restrictive , conceptualizing citizens ' political choices as based on instrumental and usually economic calculations , while indulging in a wishful account of their actual conditions — for instance , focusing on low measured unemployment , but ignoring measures of distress and insecurity , or the indignity of living in hollowed-out communities .
Mainstream accounts of politics recognized the role of identities in the form of wooden theories of group mobilization or of demands for representation . However , the psychological and charismatic elements , which can give rise to moments of ‘ phase transition ' in politics , were altogether neglected , and the role of social media and other new methods in politics hardly registered . As new political movements ( such as the Tea Party and Trumpism in the U.S. ) emerged across the world , these were deemed ‘ populist'—both an admission of the analysts ' lack of explanation , and a token of disdain . The essential feature of such movements — the obscurantism that allows them to offer many things to many people , inconsistently and unaccountably , while serving some interests more than others — was little explored . The failures can be piled one upon the other . No amount of quantitative data provided by polling , ‘ big data ' , or other techniques comprehended what might be captured through open-eyed experiential narratives . It is evident that there is a need for forms of understanding that can comprehend the currents within the human person , and go beyond shallow empiricism . Mainstream social science has offered few if any resources to understand , let alone challenge , illiberal majoritarianism , now a world-remaking phenomenon .
Trumpism is a crisis for the most prestigious methods of understanding economic and social life , ennobled and enthroned by the metropolitan academy of the last third of a century . It has caused mainstream ‘ social science ' to fall like a house of cards . It can only save itself through comprehensive reinvention , from the ground up .
‘ GMO-free ' certification launched in Australia
A new certification body for genetically modified organism free ( GMO-free ) foods has been launched in Australia .
GMO-ID Australia , a subsidiary of accreditation body HACCP International Pty Ltd , which has specialised in product certification for the food industry since 1998 , will use the ‘ Cert ID Non GMO ' ( Cert ID ) certification system in Australia and the Pacific region .
The Cert ID system will offer a range of third party certification schemes aimed at the food industry , including farmers and growers through to manufacturers , suppliers , retailers and foodservice businesses . Certified organisations will be listed on the GMO-ID Australia website .
‘ GMO-free ' labelling growing globally , but slowly
The use of GMO-free labelling is growing , according to global market research organisation Innova Market Insights , as interest in ‘ natural ' products increases .
“ In addition to the compulsory labelling regulations in place in the EU since the 1990s , there has also been a more recent move to verify and more easily identify ‘ GMO-free ' food and drinks , ” said Lu Ann Williams , Director of Innovation at Innova Market Insights .
There is a particular interest in using GMO-free labelling for dairy products , according to Innova Market Insights , with Germany and Austria leading developments in that category . Austria 's ongoing interest in marketing the purity of its dairy products resulted in an increased combination of ‘ pasture ' milk with GMO-free claims , which spread to Germany . Innova Market Insights said the late-2012 introduction by dairy manufacturer Arla of its Bergbauern Emmentaler and Bergkäse cheeses , marketed as being made with pure pasture milk and carrying a “ GMO-free ” logo , illustrated this trend .
“ The demand for GMO-free labelling seems set to continue to grow as a marketing tool globally , as even where GMO foods have to be labelled , such as in the EU , there is still apparently demand for easy recognition of GMO-free lines as the use of logos and certification schemes continues to grow , ” said Ms Williams .
But compared to other similar claims , the growth in GMO-free labelling is relatively small . In terms of product activity , launches featuring GMO-free claims and labelling remain relatively limited on a global scale , according to Innova Market Insights . Just 1.1 per cent of new products globally used ‘ GMO-free ' labelling . Innova Market Insights said this figure rose slightly in Europe and Australasia , but fell to less than 1 per cent in North America and Asia .
By comparison nearly 13 per cent of launches in the year to March 2013 were marketed on an ‘ additive-free ' or ‘ preservative-free ' platform , nearly 7 per cent were marketed as ‘ natural ' , and 6 per cent were labelled as ‘ organic ' .
Products with ‘ GMO-free ' labelling
In terms of products carrying ‘ GMO-free ' claims , snacks , dairy and bakery ingredients had the largest number of launches , according to Innova Market Insights , accounting for 14.1 per cent , 13.3 per cent and 12.5 per cent of global ‘ GMO-free ' launches respectively . Innova Market Insights said the prevalence of ‘ GMO-free ' labelling in these categories reflected the significance of GMO ingredients in sectors using high levels of cereals for food or feed .
Innova Market Insights said they also recorded a wide range of new product launches in the US marketed as ‘ GMO-free ' in the year to March 2013 . These included Breakfast Smoothies and drinks from Bolthouse Farms , Silk soy milk lines and Plum Kids organic baby food products , as well as more specialist products such as the Amy 's Bowl Meals range and Garden of Eatin tortilla chips . New organic milks from retailer own-brands such as Fresh and Easy , which is owned by UK supermarket group Tesco , also used the ‘ GMO-free ' labelling .
GMO labelling law passes House of Reps in Vermont in US
Meanwhile , the House of Representatives in the US State of Vermont has passed the H.112 Bill , which requires that all genetically modified food in the State be labelled .
The Bill also restricts products containing genetically engineered ingredients from using labels such as ‘ natural ' , ‘ naturally made ' , ‘ naturally grown ' , ‘ all natural ' “ or any words of similar import that would have a tendency to mislead a consumer ” .
In order to become law , the Bill will need to be passed in the Senate . If passed by the Senate , the Bill would take effect from 1 July 2014 .
According to the Bill , 70 to 80 per cent of processed foods sold in the US contain at least one genetically engineered ingredient .
AusVeg to host GMO debate
Meanwhile , Australian vegetable and potato growers ' representative body AusVeg is set to host what it is calling ‘ The Great Debate ' at its annual National Convention , Trade Show and Awards for Excellence .
The debate will see speakers from each side of the GMO debate discuss the benefits and risks of genetic modification in foods .
“ The four speakers involved have been handpicked for their passionate involvement in the GM debate , and we look forward to hearing their views on this controversial discussion , ” said William Churchill , AusVeg Public Affairs Manager .
Debating for the use of GMO will be Paula Fitzgerald , Manger of Biotechnology at Dairy Australia and Executive Director at Agrifood Awareness , and Professor TJ Higgins , who is an Honorary Research Fellow in CSIRO 's Plant Industry department
Debating against the use of GMO will be Mr Scott Kinnear , Director and co-founder of the Safe Food Foundation and Institute , and Dr Maarten Stapper , Director at BioLogic AgFood .
The Great Debate will take place as a major attraction of the AusVeg National Convention , Trade Show and Awards for Excellence , which will be held at Jupiters Gold Coast from 30 May to 1 June . The Great Debate itself will be held on Saturday 31 May , starting at 11.50am .
Raheel Siddiqui , 20 , of Taylor , Mich. , died during U.S. Marines boot camp training in South Carolina in March 2016 . The U.S. Marine Corps said Wednesday , April 5 , 2017 , that a drill instructor will face a general court-martial on a charge of cruelty and maltreatment linked to Siddiqui 's death . ( Photo11 : Provided by Siddiqui family via Detroit Free Press )
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Marine Corps said Wednesday that charges against a drill instructor linked to the death of a 20-year-old Muslim recruit from Michigan will move forward to a military trial , though they will not include the more serious charges the recruit 's family had wanted .
The Marine Corps ' Training and Education Command , based in Quantico , Va. , announced that Gunnery Sgt . Joseph Felix , who served as drill instructor to Raheel Siddiqui , will face a general court-martial on a charge of cruelty and maltreatment . A source with knowledge of the underlying allegations behind the charge said it was related to Siddiqui 's death at the Marines ' Parris Island , S.C. , training base on March 18 , 2016 .
Felix , whose name was publicly released for the first time , is accused of slapping Siddiqui just before he fell three stories from a stairwell at his barracks . An earlier investigation found that the drill instructor had verbally and physically abused Siddiqui , including calling him a `` terrorist , '' and that his actions just prior to Siddiqui 's death were directly linked to the fall , which a local coroner called a suicide , though his family rejects that .
The charges against Felix come more than a year after Siddiqui 's death . Investigative records showed instances where Siddiqui and other recruits were allegedly abused , threatened and demeaned .
Related:3 Marines face courts-martial in hazing probe
But Siddiqui 's family was disappointed in the charges brought against Felix on Wednesday , with their lawyer , Shiraz Khan , saying the charges `` do not align with the facts , evidence and history of this case and are indicative of a remarkable deviation from the ( Marine Corps ) command investigation into ( Siddiqui 's death ) . ''
`` ( A ) patriotic young American is dead because of what happened to him at Parris Island , '' said Khan . `` The physical findings on Raheel 's body tell a story of torture , abuse and suffering . ... ( D ) espite facts and evidentiary material to the contrary , there are no apparent charges of assault , and no consideration of manslaughter or murder at this time . ''
Khan also wondered why Felix is the only Parris Island service member charged in relation to Siddiqui 's death when the earlier investigation into his death and other reports indicated 20 or more people could be implicated in abuses at the base .
`` Where are those other charges ? Khan asked . `` Raheel 's family deserves to know what happened there . ''
The Marines Corps Training and Education Command offered no additional information about the charges or the timing of a court-martial , saying only that an arraignment for Felix , who also faces charges of failure to obey orders , making a false statement and being drunk and disorderly , will be scheduled at Camp LeJeune , N.C .
Related : Family of Muslim Marine recruit : Death was n't suicide
If found guilty of a cruelty and maltreatment charge involving Siddiqui , a former high school valedictorian from Taylor , Mich. , who was less than two weeks into boot camp , Felix could face a dishonorable discharge , forfeiture of pay and confinement for up to two years . The other charges carry a variety of terms of confinement from six months to five years , as well as other penalties .
“ ( D ) espite facts and evidentiary material to the contrary , there are no apparent charges of assault , and no consideration of manslaughter or murder at this time. ” Shiraz Khan , Siddiqui family lawyer
The earlier investigation also found that Felix should not even have been attached to Siddiqui 's training platoon . Felix was part of an earlier probe into an incident in which he was accused of ordering another Muslim recruit into an industrial dryer , which was then turned on and burned him .
A second drill instructor , Sgt . Michael Eldridge , also had charges referred for a general court martial related to hazing at Parris Island , including cruelty and maltreatment , making a false statement , drunk and disorderly conduct and failure to obey an order . It was believed that Eldridge 's allegations were linked to the earlier incident involving the dryer .
All along , Siddiqui 's family has rejected the finding by the coroner in South Carolina that Raheel 's death was a suicide , maintaining that he had shown no previous evidence of mental illness . The earlier investigation found that some days before his death , however , that Siddiqui had talked about committing suicide . He was returned to his platoon — improperly , according to the probe — after recanting .
Siddiqui also had apparently reported that he had been hit and physically abused , but that report was never relayed up the chain of command , the investigation found . In the wake of Siddiqui 's death and the investigation into it and other incidents , more than 20 personnel have been either relieved or suspended related to allegations of recruit hazing and abuse , pending disciplinary action . Four leaders on base have been removed as well .
Related : Marines face discipline after death of Muslim recruit
When the Marines confirmed last month that the gunnery sergeant was being considered for charges that did not include assault as recommended by the earlier investigation , a lawyer for Siddiqui 's family said the Marine Corps ' actions did not seem severe enough .
“ The charges appear to be insufficient and do not address the magnitude of the torture , assault , abuse , hazing , neglect and maltreatment ” to which Siddiqui was subjected , Khan said at the time .
`` I assure you that our office will challenge the manner of death and take all necessary steps to ensure this grieving family gets the answers and justice they deserve , '' Khan said Wednesday night .
U.S. Rep. Debbie Dingell , a Democrat from Dearborn , Mich. , whose district includes Taylor and who has worked with Marine officials in trying to ensure changes were made and those responsible were held accountable , said she was determined to continue working to get the finding of suicide overturned `` since the investigation has given no specific evidence '' Siddiqui set out to kill himself .
According to the earlier investigation , after being hit by Felix and forced to run in the barracks despite saying he needed medical attention , Siddiqui ran out an exterior door and vaulted over a stairwell rail , his foot catching the railing . He fell about 38 feet to the ground , dying later at a local hospital .
`` We will never know what happened that day but it is very clear to me and others based on the facts revealed in the investigation that it was not Private Siddiqui 's intention to take his own life , '' Dingell said .
Follow Todd Spangler on Twitter : @ tsspangler
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2oMlMZJ
Abstract Introduction Sci-Hub is a useful web portal for people working in science as it provides access to millions of free scientific articles . Satisfaction and usage should be explored in the Latino student population . The objective of this study was to evaluate the use , knowledge , and perception of the scientific contribution of Sci-Hub in medical students from Latin America . Methodology A multicenter , observational , analytical study was conducted in 6632 medical students from 6 countries in Latin America . We surveyed from a previously validated instrument , delving into knowledge , monthly average usage , satisfaction level , and perception of the scientific contributions provided by Sci-Hub . Frequencies and percentages are described , and generalized linear models were used to establish statistical associations . Results Only 19.2 % of study participants knew of Sci-Hub and its function , while the median use was twice a month . 29.9 % of Sci-Hub-aware participants claimed they always find the desired scientific information in their Sci-Hub search ; 62.5 % of participants affirmed that Sci-Hub contributes to scientific investigation ; only 2.2 % reported that Sci-Hub does not contribute to science . Conclusion The majority of Latino students are not aware of Sci-Hub .
Citation : Mejia CR , Valladares-Garrido MJ , Miñan-Tapia A , Serrano FT , Tobler-Gómez LE , Pereda-Castro W , et al . ( 2017 ) Use , knowledge , and perception of the scientific contribution of Sci-Hub in medical students : Study in six countries in Latin America . PLoS ONE 12 ( 10 ) : e0185673 . https : //doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0185673 Editor : Frank Havemann , Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin , GERMANY Received : November 3 , 2016 ; Accepted : August 21 , 2017 ; Published : October 5 , 2017 Copyright : © 2017 Mejia et al . This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited . Data Availability : All relevant data are within the paper . Funding : The authors received no specific funding for this research . Competing interests : The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Sci-Hub is a website that contains about 50 million papers from scientific journals , providing free access to researchers worldwide [ 1,2 ] . 200,000 articles are downloaded daily from this database , without any distinction between developing and developed countries , where the main source , Elsevier , accounts for 50 % of the downloads [ 1 ] . The Latino scientific community is well aware of this resource ; in Peru , from September 2015 to February 2016 , just over 370,000 papers were downloaded [ 2 ] . Research utilizing Sci-Hub is scarce globally , as regions of Latin America have not demonstrated its usage , particularly among medical professionals . There have been some small reports that have discussed the scientific ethical conduct of this website due to the illegality of its service , while others have defended this site based on the high costs of scientific publications , leading many scientists to elect to obtain papers illegally [ 3–7 ] . The knowledge , use and perception of Sci-Hub and the use of Sci-Hub among medical students have not yet been explored . The purpose of this study was to determine the use , knowledge and perception of the scientific contribution offered by Sci-Hub in Latin American medical students .
Methodology Study design A cross-sectional , analytic , observational multicenter study was conducted . Location and time This study was conducted from February-June 2016 , in medical students from 6 Latin American countries . Sampling Stratified random sampling was performed ( utilizing each year of study as a stratum ) . The sample size was calculated with a power of 80 % , with 95 % statistical significance for an infinite population . The determined minimal sample size for each site was 289 students , and 10 % was added to that value to account for possible losses , obtaining a final value of 318 medical students at each site . For randomization , a stratified sample proportional to each year of study was used and each sample was proportional to each site collection size . For the selection of participants , each delegate entered the classroom with the highest credit in each academic year , and students who were sitting in an odd numbered location in each of the rows were selected until the required sample size for each year of study was fulfilled . In the universities with equal or smaller student populations than the minimum sample size ( 3 universities ) , a census-type sampling was conducted . Medical students who were enrolled in the class period 2016-I were included , and participation was voluntary . Students who were in their medical internship period or who did not answer the variables of interest of the questionnaire were excluded . Procedures A previously validated questionnaire designed by authors was used ( the questionnaire was reviewed by experts and underwent a pilot study to evaluate the relevance and understanding of the questions ) . The questionnaire consisted of questions divided into two sections : ( 1 ) socio-educational data and ( 2 ) knowledge , monthly average usage , satisfaction level , and perception of scientific contributions of Sci-Hub . ( S1 File ) The socio-educational variables included sex , age , year of study , knowledge of the English and Portuguese language , previous career , as well as membership in study group ( defined as groups dedicated only to academic activities ) , scientific societies of medical students ( SSMS ) , or research groups . The knowledge about the use of Sci-Hub was measured in two aspects : awareness of Sci-Hub and function of Sci-Hub . The usage was explored through the average number of times of use per month . The level of satisfaction was measured with tiers of search success : always , sometimes , or never find what you want . Finally , a question was asked to explore the perception of whether Sci-Hub contributed to research with three response alternatives : agree , indifferent , disagree . A convocation of official social networks of FELSOCEM , “ Federación Latinoamericana de Sociedades Científicas de Estudiantes de Medicina ” , met and e-mail invitations were sent directed to delegates and presidents of every scientific society during the months of September-December 2015 . From this , the participation and commitment of universities of 6 countries of Latin America ( Peru , Bolivia , Colombia , Chile , Paraguay , and Argentina ) were obtained . Later , participants coordinated with their respective managers of the universities , distributing the instrument and offering advice and training to execute the study across virtual meetings . Every coordinator requested permission of the headquarters faculty by sending the protocol and document of approval of the committee of ethics for the researcher responsible for the study . Deadlines were established to compile and tabulate the data following the chronogram of the study . Ethics This project was approved by the Committee of Ethics of the “ Hospital Nacional Docente Madre Niño ” supported by the National Institute of Health of Peru . The surveys were auto-administered and anonymous , and the privacy of the participants was respected through the use of digital codes . The importance and intention of the study was explained beforehand to participants . Statistical analysis Each office manager made a digital database in Microsoft Excel , with constant quality control by the principal investigator of the study . Statistical analysis was performed with Stata program v.11.1 ( StataCorp LP , College Station , TX , USA ) . For the descriptive analysis of numerical variables , normality assumptions were evaluated using the Shapiro-Wilk test . According to the test , the best measure of central tendency and dispersion were described through categorical variables described in frequencies and percentages . Bivariate and multivariable analysis was performed using knowledge of Sci-Hub as the dependent variable . Reported p values were obtained by Chi-square test ( set by Fisher 's exact test ) for the association between knowledge of Sci-Hub and other variables . For bivariate and multivariate statistics , generalized linear models ( GLM acronym in English ) using Poisson family , link function log , and robust models were used , and respondents were considered as clusters at each venue ( under the assumption that the groups differ according to their teachings , study methodologies and curricula ) . A value of p < 0.05 was considered as significant .
Discussion Four out of every five students were unaware of Sci-Hub despite it being a very valuable resource for obtaining scientific literature , and in recent years , being an important resource for conducting research . This low frequency may be because Sci-Hub is currently not considered legal [ 5 ] and its URL is constantly changing in response to legal repression [ 8 ] . Its lack of a constant URL may be impeding widespread usage and may prevent researchers from sharing this website , as it is possible that when someone tries to use its latest URL , it has already been modified , resulting in additional time spent finding the new URL and domain . Legal research databases and programs used for the search of scientific articles have reported high rates of knowledge and use [ 9,10 ] , due to its fixed URL , which allows information about their existence to be shared with many more researchers , therefore increasing its use . Almost all respondents aware of Sci-Hub reported that they either always or sometimes find what they need in Sci-Hub , keeping into consideration that not all scientific literature is always available in one place , and those with very old/new systems or with extreme security Web protection are unable to download from the server . Additionally , Sci-Hub is not only a resource that contributes to research , but also aids in generating additional research , as described by McNutt [ 4 ] , Resnik [ 11 ] and Priego [ 6 ] . Researchers and students use Sci-Hub as an alternative means for access to various scientific articles and updated information for the development of their daily clinical practice , although its usage is considered an ethical dilemma [ 12 ] . Fewer women than men had knowledge of Sci-Hub ( 44.2 % of female vs. 55.8 % of male respondents ) . This could be explained by the fact that despite the great progress that women have made in recent years in the medical sciences [ 13 , 14 ] , multiple studies have shown that there is still a predominance of men in scientific research [ 15–17 ] . Additionally , it has been shown that only 29.3 % [ 15 ] to 34 % [ 16 ] to 36.7 % [ 17 ] of first authors in research articles are women , which is considerably low . Fewer female scientists or gender discrimination may account for this large discrepancy between genders in awareness of Sci-Hub and perhaps other useful resources for scientific research . Finally , it was found that of those who conduct research and belong to a Scientific Society of Medical Students ( SSMS ) or have completed a scientific curricular/extracurricular project have a higher rate of awareness of Sci-Hub . This suggests that those who conduct research employ this type of resource to gain access to scientific literature . Although there are currently no studies that affirm this association , students that belong to SSMS often face the same obstacles of researchers , as they are often involved in research and publish scientific articles [ 18–19 ] . Therefore , these students also require programs or portals like Sci-Hub for access to scientific information . In a report on requests for downloads on Sci-Hub [ 1 ] , it was found that these requests were mainly made by members of the scientific community , with Elsevier medical publishing being the most accessed . This study had limitations , such as selection bias , since delegates distributed surveys to students in courses with higher credits . However , it is known that some students do not attend the same classes , since in many universities attendance is not compulsory in order to reduce the number of students for randomization . Another important limitation is the limited literature available in journals on the use and knowledge of Sci-Hub by health professionals and medical students predominantly from a Latin American country ; however the latter was not a significant issue due to the sampling rate used and the large sample size . Despite these limitations , this study provides the basis for future reports , which can include more variables to find a relationship to knowledge of Sci-Hub .
Conclusions Latin American students who are aware of Sci-Hub often find what they want using this database and the average use of this site is twice a month . Membership in a SSMS and participation in a curricular or extracurricular project are characteristics associated to knowing this research portal . More than half of the students who were aware of Sci-Hub agreed that Sci-Hub positively contributed to research . However , the vast majority of students are unaware of this resource , despite it being a very useful tool , as it offers free access to a large number of research articles in scientific journals . Despite the contested ethics behind this site , this portal still provides an alternative for access to valuable , updated scientific information for the student population .
Buy Photo East Lansing 's city council voted to amend an ordinance that prohibits parking on city streets between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m . The change allows residents to request an exemption up to 20 times a year to park overnight on city streets . ( Photo : Matthew Dae Smith/Lansing State Journal ) Buy Photo
EAST LANSING -- East Lansing residents will get a small reprieve from the city 's rigorous parking rules .
City council voted to amend an ordinance that prohibits parking on city streets between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m . The change allows residents to request an exemption up to 20 times a year to park overnight on city streets .
Deputy Police Chief Steve Gonzalez said the change better reflects current practice . Currently , the police department makes exceptions for people who request the temporary permission .
“ In 2016 , we took 3,359 requests to be exempt from the ordinance , ” Gonzalez said .
About 82 % of the authorizations granted were for residents who requested exemptions for one to five nights a year .
“ The major reason is because people are having guests for a night or two , ” Gonzalez said .
RELATED :
Exemptions in 2016 were requested largely during the fall , with the highest occurrence , 719 requests , in October . The requests stemmed from full-time residents and students alike .
“ It really does span the entire city when we looked at where the requests were coming from , ” Gonzalez said .
Councilwoman Shanna Draheim recommended the change after receiving inquiries from residents about vehicles parked in the roadway .
`` When I realized that our ordinance did n't match our informal policy I recommended we update the ordinance , '' Draheim said .
`` It comes up . People have families , visitors or friends in town that need parking . ”
Gonzalez said one of the major duties of parking officers who work overnight is to enforce that 2 a.m. to 6 a.m. parking prohibition . A violation of the ordinance costs $ 35 a pop .
Gonzalez does n't expect priorities for overnight parking enforcement to change with the ordinance amendment .
`` It just simply puts down in the ordinance that we do allow for authorizations or exemptions , '' Gonzalez said .
The new ordinance allows 20 exemptions per address per year . People must provide police with the make , model and license plate of their vehicle and where it will be parked before 2 a.m . The non-emergency line at the police department is 351-4220 .
The parking exemption can be denied if snow plowing is expected the next day .
Contact Reporter Beth LeBlanc at 517-377-1167 or eleblanc @ gannett.com . Follow her on Twitter @ LSJBethLeBlanc .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.lsj.com/2BkApJj
The SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in the General Election race in Scotland , a poll suggests .
More than half of adults in Scotland who are certain to vote on May 7 ( 52 % ) said they would vote SNP , against 24 % backing Labour , the TNS poll of 978 adults in Scotland found .
The 28-point lead is nearly double last month 's figure , when the parties scored 46 % and 30 % respectively .
The Conservatives scored 13 % ( down one percentage point ) , the Liberal Democrats 6 % ( up three points ) and the Greens 3 % ( down one point ) .
Support for Ukip in Scotland is `` almost negligible '' , TNS said .
The survey covered the period of the UK-wide TV debates , although it closed before the impact of the Scottish leaders ' TV debates could be taken into account .
Tom Costley , head of TNS Scotland , said : `` The official election campaign has got off to a great start for the SNP , undoubtedly helped by Nicola Sturgeon 's strong performance in the UK-wide TV debate . Not only has Labour 's hopes of a recovery in support been dashed but , even worse , it appears to have gone backwards .
`` The SNP seems to be building on the momentum which they carried forward from the independence referendum , while Jim Murphy is still struggling to win back Labour 's lost supporters . Indeed , the latest poll shows some evidence that the growth in SNP support is mainly coming from disaffected Labour supporters .
`` But it 's important to remember that the campaign is really only beginning and 29 % of those who say they are certain to vote have not made up their minds who to vote for . It will be interesting to see what difference the campaigns of the various parties make to people 's intentions by polling day . ''
Support for the SNP continues to be very strong among younger voters who are certain to vote and express a preference - 71 % of 18 to 34-year-olds , against 57 % for 35 to 54-year-olds and 40 % for those aged 55 and over . Among the oldest age group , Labour scores 32 % and the Conservatives 20 % .
However , fewer of the younger voters say they are certain to vote - 52 % of 18 to 34-year-olds against 67 % overall .
In the event of a hung parliament , 44 % of Scottish voters would prefer a Labour-led government compared with 15 % who back a Tory-led administration .
The most popular single option is a Labour-SNP coalition , with 25 % support .
Both parties have ruled this out , but the response suggests that some form of SNP-Labour co-operation has significant backing , TNS said .
The next most popular option is 9 % for the continuation of a Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition .
Nearly a third ( 31 % ) of Labour voters would prefer the option of co-operating with the SNP , while 28 % opted for a Labour minority government .
If the SNP holds a majority of Scotland 's 59 seats in a hung parliament , voters are evenly divided between those who want the SNP to work with Labour ( 34 % ) and those who want the SNP to remain a separate bloc in the Westminster Parliament ( 32 % ) .
SNP voters are also evenly divided - 42 % want to work with Labour and 45 % would want the party to remain separate .
TNS surveyed 978 adults aged over 18 across Scotland between March 18 and April 8
A Scottish Labour spokesman said : `` How Scotland votes will decide whether the UK has another five years of failed Tory austerity or gets a Labour government on the side of working people .
`` If this poll is repeated on election day , it will be good news for the SNP but great news for the Tories .
`` A vote for anyone other than Labour makes it more likely the Tories will be the largest party across the UK and that David Cameron will return to Downing Street by accident .
`` The only way to get a Labour government that will invest in our NHS , get young people back into work and call time on exploitative zero-hours contracts is to vote for Labour . ''
Image caption Some writers have expressed concern about the level of violence in upcoming game The Last of Us
Video game ratings using the Pegi ( Pan-European Game Information ) system have become legally enforceable in the UK .
Retailers that sell titles with ratings of 12 , 16 or 18 years to children below the age limits will be subject to prosecution .
To prepare for the move , the government decided to drop a parallel ratings system run by the BBFC ( British Board of Film Classification ) .
Organisers say it will help families `` make informed decisions '' .
In addition to the age ratings , packaging will also feature diagrams warning if the title includes bad language , drugs , discrimination , fear , gambling , sex , violence or online gameplay with other people .
Simplified system
The move was first announced by the previous government in its Digital Britain Report in June 2009 which had followed the Bryon Review into Safer Children in a Digital World .
It had noted that `` having a dual classification system and two sets of symbols often made things confusing for the consumer '' , adding that it was vital to switch to a single system .
The report also highlighted that Pegi 's system often led to stricter age ratings than the BBFC might have given .
Under the new system the Games Ratings Authority ( GRA ) - a division of the Hertfordshire-based Video Standards Council - will be responsible for rating titles using Pegi 's criteria :
Image caption In addition to an age score , a Pegi-rated game also features graphics describing potential issues of concern
Games are rated for 12-years and over if they include non-graphic violence to human or animal characters , a slightly higher threshold of violence to fantasy characters or significant nudity or bad language .
Games are rated 16-years and over if the depiction of violence or sexual activity looks the same as it would do in normal life . Drug and tobacco references also trigger the age limit .
Games are rated 18-years and over if there is a `` gross '' level of violence likely to make the viewer feel a sense of revulsion .
The GRA also has the power to ban a title if necessary , although it has said it expects to only do this `` very rarely '' .
Only two titles have ever been banned in the UK - Manhunt 2 and Carmageddon . Both were the result of rulings by the BBFC and both decisions were later overturned .
The GRA can also suggest tiles are not suitable for children under the age of six or under the age of three , but these are not legally enforceable .
'Shocking ' violence
Video game trade body Ukie has welcomed the development , saying that having one regulator will make it easier for developers to judge what rating their title would be likely to be given before submitting it , allowing them to adjust the content if needed .
Image caption Ubisoft says it expects its latest Splinter Cell game to receive a Pegi 18 certificate
To publicise the move the group has relaunched its Ask About Games website with information to help parents make informed choices .
The launch comes in the wake of editorials published by websites Rock Paper Shotgun , PCWorld and Cnet criticising the level of violence in some of the titles shown at last month 's E3 video games conference .
The trailers for titles including Splinter Cell : Blacklist , Far Cry 3 and The Last of Us - in which the main character was shown shooting another person in the face at point-blank range with a shotgun - were highlighted as being instances where the level of violence had been `` shocking '' .
The issue may become even more acute next year when Microsoft and Sony are rumoured to unveil next-generation versions of their consoles capable of more detailed graphics .
But Prof Tanya Byron , a consultant clinical psychologist and author of the report which led to the change in law , has stressed the positive benefits of the technology .
`` Video games can be a great educational resource that can also fuel children 's creativity , '' she said .
`` It would be great to see parents taking an interest in their children 's video game playing . This can involve taking direct control of what games their children play at home , how they play them and for how long , through taking note of the Pegi ratings . ''
Apple 's AirPlay 2 discussion at the 2017 WWDC promised streaming support to multiple targets from an iPhone or iPad —but initial testing seems to suggest that the feature is not currently enabled in iOS 11 , tvOS 11 or both .
Following the suggestions of several forum members , and emails , AppleInsider set out to try multiple room streaming feature of iOS 11 to a pair of fourth-generation Apple TVs updated to tvOS 11 . At present , there appears to be no way to either add the Apple TV to HomeKit as Apple suggested was necessary during the WWDC , nor any way to discretely select the track in Apple Music.The procedure followed within Apple Music was to start a track playing , then click on the AirPlay button . All possible targets for AirPlay were available including an AirPlay Denon receiver , and an assortment of third-generation Apple TVs . The Apple TV units labeled `` Office '' and `` Living Room '' are fourth generation devices.The interface presented differs from what Apple suggests it should look like in iOS 11 on the product page for the operating system.We eliminated the Airport Extreme base stations as a possible source of problems by connecting the Apple TV set-tops to two other 802.11ac routers both wired and wirelessly , with them still not able to be selected in tandem.All of the devices appear in iTunes in Sierra and the `` gold master '' of High Sierra as AirPlay streaming targets to multiple speakers —as they should . However , this is not AirPlay 2 , and the functionality has been in place in one form or another since 2010.AppleInsider has reached out to Apple for comment , and will update accordingly.We ca n't conclude with any certainty that iOS 11 has omitted AirPlay 2 , as it remains possible that tvOS 11 does n't have it implemented . Given the lack of compatible speaker hardware to examine the feature with , we wo n't know for sure until Apple says something about it one way or another .
HOMS — Five hundred and ten days have passed since the siege began in Homs , taking a toll on civilians and fighters alike .
Homs , dubbed “ the capital of the revolution ” by activists for its early role in the revolt , has since been two-thirds destroyed by air raids and shelling .
Hundreds of thousands of mortars have destroyed Homs , forever changing its once familiar face . Here , darkness reigns once the sun sets . Diesel fuel reserves have long been depleted after they were used to power generators . Now electricity is only used in emergencies : in field hospitals or to power surveillance cameras on the front lines .
The dearth of drinking water is severe , as are the cuts in electricity . For those under siege , water used to be extracted from home wells using small generators , but this is no longer an option . Today , residents manually fill buckets , the only available solution to deliver water to those who need it within the neighborhood .
Reem , Hiba and Yamama start every morning by delivering water buckets to their homes using baby strollers . The eldest among the three girls just turned 10 . There is no school . Despite their obligation to do manual chores , they are still children . Yamama still sings lullabies while delivering water in her old baby stroller .
After the cats , what next ?
Residents of the besieged neighborhoods have grown used to the scarcity of food . A little bit of wheat , flour , rice , bulgur or lentils is enough for one 's daily meal , to live another day through siege . But as the long months have passed , foodstuffs have become harder to come by . Those found in abandoned houses within the siege parameter have run out , and there are no more alternatives . One 's daily meal now requires a lot of effort , searching in places that have not been reached before . The lucky ones are those who find some rice .
Diseases caused by malnutrition and low immunity have spread among those living under siege . Anemia , jaundice , intestinal infections and chronic fatigue have settled in alongside the wounds caused by daily fighting and random shelling that now take longer to heal due to the lack of medication and proper nutrition . Complications frequently arise , sometimes causing permanent damage to the patient .
Giving birth under siege is a risk , not only due to the daily realities of shelling and hunger , but even the lack of hospital facilities . Two premature babies have died because there were no hospitals available to care for them . Those newborns destined to survive begin their lives under siege , and are fed milled rice flour instead of mother 's milk or baby formula , as both are unavailable .
Abu Ahmad , who works in one of the field hospitals , describes the agony of the medical staff : “ You ca n't do anything . A premature baby needs an incubator , and there is none . All we can do is wait for him to die as we watch his parents suffer . ”
Mulberry leaves , dry bread , bran , barley flour and expired foodstuffs have all become part of the diet of those under siege . In exceptional cases , some sheikhs allowed the residents of besieged eastern Ghouta in Damascus to eat cats . The only difference between eastern Ghouta and Homs is that the latter has been under siege longer .
Many never considered eating cats , even in worst-case scenarios . No one thought the land would no longer be able to feed its people . Cats had always been kept as pets , our domestic companions in the city , but today , they could possibly be the next meal if the situation keeps worsening .
300 Families , Hundreds Wounded and Deafening Silence
Over 300 families live under the siege , including 200 individuals who have been permanently disabled due to injuries sustained in fighting or shelling . They fight to stay alive under horrendous living conditions that seems light years from 21st-century civilization . This siege is probably the longest known of a city engulfed by war .
Amer , a young man , said : “ Never have I imagined that the cats I used to take care of when I was a child would become a meal to residents under siege . ”
Those at the helm inside the besieged neighborhoods are constantly trying to brainstorm ways to meet the residents ' basic needs , find a way to evacuate the wounded and families , and provide safe routes to deliver aid , be it food or medicine . Over the last year and a half , pleas to international humanitarian organizations to help the besieged civilians have so far fallen on deaf ears .
Children wishing to enjoy a piece of candy or fruit ; the elderly wanting to visit their grandchildren ; a young man longing to reunite with his parents ; and men hoping to see their wives and children again are simple wishes that fall within the scope of one 's basic human rights , but the silence of the world is mind-boggling . All the things international humanitarian and legal organizations call for , especially when it comes to said basic human rights , have become void slogans with the siege that has now been going on for a year and a half .
* Translated by Naziha Baassiri
One small step…
The months of July and August were critical moments for this market…and by any measure it was a historic swing . In the month of July the market had it 's first sustained selloff and the index dropped 50 % from ~120 to ~60 billion dollars . As a percentage this was larger than the 2008 stock market crash . On July 16th the buying pressure returned , resulting in a technical bounce on high volume . We ended the month in a holding pattern…
The narrative in late July was the usual : is it all over ? Some people in the media were saying just that at the time , especially those who insist that money must have commodity value ( video coming soon on why Bitcoin has value ) . I felt this was a time to convert any USDT back into the market as it was our first step in the longer term bull run . It established a floor for the market in the mid 60 's .
After this bounce the market moved along the path of the least resistance , which is a market where everybody is still looking up… 5 weeks later we witnessed a positive swing of almost 100 billion USD and the market currently sits at 159 billion USD :
Time for prime time
This buying run included both the early adopters ( who had taken profit in May or June ) and new buyers who were recently alerted to this market . There are signs everywhere that the kiddy pool just got more crowded . On Aug 22nd over 10 billion dollars changed hands in 24 hours setting a high watermark in daily volume . Exchanges were clogged with activity , some had to disable trading functions to keep up with demand . Over the month of August , some exchanges were adding tens of thousands of new accounts a week .
It 's useful to look at the traffic to www.coinmarketcap.com which acts as the ‘ quotes pages ' for this sector . It 's safe to assume 90 % of cryptocurrency holders are using this page . More people are searching for this page than those who are search for “ buy gold ” – I find that significant as I know that gold bugs are going to be the first to jump ship as this market matures .
Watching the metrics is fascinating because it 's a global market . All measures must take that into account . People often use the traditional gold market to ballpark the cryptocurrency market in it 's established form , which means a ( single digit ) trillion dollar market . Television analysts try to set a goal for this market by throwing out numbers like 5 % of gold 's value for Bitcoin ( Bitcoin alone is around 1 % of total gold value at the moment ) . That 's likely how most investment advisors will be spinning the ( not if when ) Bitcoin ETF on the NYSE . When that happens people will be looking for Bitcoin hitting 200 billion USD and its price could easily double in the short term .
It 's interesting to also see the mainstream media putting staff on the bitcoin beat resulting in prime time exposure as the norm . I do n't expect this to change .
Current allocation
From a fundamental perspective things remain unchanged . Now that a more mainstream market is starting to emerge I 'm learning more closely towards an index weighting ( default allocation ) with a few exceptions .
We are currently underweight ( negative bias ) Bitcoin , holding 37.4 % compared to market which holds 45 % . We are currently overweight ( positive bias ) in the following coins :
Ethereum ( ETH ) : current allocation 25.47 % ( market holds 20 % ) Expecting a big fall season for Ethereum
( market holds 20 % ) Litecoin ( LTC ) : current allocation 4 % ( market holds 2 % ) Recently reduced from 6 % during the rise to $ 60
( market holds 2 % ) DigixDAO ( DGD ) : current allocation 1.8 % ( market holds 0.1 % ) Look forward to launch of DGX token to drive awareness ( gold pegged token )
( market holds 0.1 % ) Basic Attention Token ( BAT ) : current allocation 1.8 % ( market holds 0.15 % )
( market holds 0.15 % ) Monero ( XMR ) : current allocation 1.6 % ( market holds 1.25 % ) reduced position from 3.5 % on Aug 26th
( market holds 1.25 % ) Stratis ( STRAT ) : current allocation 1.5 % ( market holds 0.4 % )
( market holds 0.4 % ) Golemn Network Token ( GNT ) : current allocation 1.25 % ( market holds 0.15 % )
( market holds 0.15 % ) Zcash ( ZEC ) : current allocation 1.25 % ( market holds 0.35 % )
( market holds 0.35 % ) Siacoin ( SC ) : current allocation 1.0 % ( market holds 0.15 % ) Sold the position in Storj and moved it into Siacoin
( market holds 0.15 % )
New positions
The following new coins were added to the fund which brings our portfolio to 41 coins .
Note on the Bitcoin Fork
The Bitcoin fork further strengthened Bitcoin ( it 's becoming antifragile , getting stronger after each shock to its existence ) . Anytime Bitcoin is about to face a threat I always lean in as I believe it 's the most resilient network in this sector and will remain so . Holding through this fork means we received and equal amount of Bitcoin Cash ( I think of it as a ‘ dividend ' received for believing in Bitcoin ) . I will hold the Bitcoin Cash to play both sides of this argument in order to capture the entire Bitcoin community . This logic will be applied to any future fork on Bitcoin . I 've seen so many people loose money in this sector when choosing sides – technologists are inherently biased and this is the main reason why they are n't beating the market . The combined value of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash is currently 4939 USD .
Looking ahead
I know people in the crypto hedge fund world who are confident that this market will hit 200 billion USD before the year is out . I 'm confident that this market has a floor somewhere around 110b USD in the short term and would like to see that established . From a purely technical standpoint it seems this market could run towards 190b USD in the short term before taking another breath . If the market pushes beyond 180b USD in the next month we will start moving a modest portion into USDT to secure profits . The goal is to be ready when traders test the psychological floor established when the previous high was broken in June at 110b USD .
I 'm also eager to measure how far the market drops during the next major pullback ( since it establishes technical stepping stones ) . I 'm specifically looking for a reduction in market volatility and I 'd be very surprised if we had another 50 % drop , I suspect the next one may take us down only 35 % or less than the market matures . I 'll use 30 % as a rough guide for where to place limit orders on the downside .
There is no longer any question that the bull market upon which this fund was based is real , the only question is how high it can go .
Enrollment at the University of Dayton and Wright State University declined this semester as other colleges in the region showed slight increases due to large freshman classes and online classes offered .
Officials at UD and WSU said a trend in students graduating faster in the fall semester and decrease enrollment of international students has played a part in the decrease in numbers for the spring semester .
UD saw the largest loss of students this semester in the region with a drop of around 350 students , or 3.2 percent , according to UD admission officials . Wright State 's enrollment declined by around 300 students at its main campus , or 1.9 percent .
RELATED : Ohio college offering 3-year bachelor 's degrees to help students save
Spring enrollment is slowly becoming more affected by fall graduation rates , said Jason Reinoehl , UD vice president for enrollment management . The number of students receiving their degrees during fall commencement has slowly increased over the years and ticked up slightly from 649 in 2015 to 680 in 2016 , according to UD .
“ Students are graduating faster , ” Reinoehl said. ” It 's an interesting phenomenon but its a good thing . ”
A decline in the number of international students is having an impact on UD and WSU , officials said .
Students walk through the campus of Miami University in Oxford , Wednesday , Feb. 15 , 2017 . Enrollment at area colleges has dropped from 1 to 4 percent , due to various reasons , including more people going back to work with the improved economy . GREG LYNCH / STAFF Photo : Staff Writer
Foreign students who would have started in the spring may have decided to go elsewhere following the election of President Donald Trump , Reinoehl said . Wright State provost Tom Sudkamp has also warned about a looming “ Trump effect ” on international enrollment .
Officials at both universities said that politics and scholarship funds in other countries can also determine whether an international student can come to the U.S .
RELATED : Area international students fear they wo n't be allowed back into U.S .
Wright State 's international enrollment in the fall declined by more than 400 students . Most of the students WSU lost were from Saudi Arabia because of a scholarship that is no longer offered there , officials have said .
“ Much of that drop is attributable to the carry over effect we experienced in the international student decline from fall enrollment , ” Spokesman Seath Bauguess said .
While UD and WSU have seen declines , Ohio State University and Miami University added more students between spring 2016 and spring 2017 than any other state institutions .
Ohio State added 683 students , growing its spring enrollment by about 1.2 percent from 2016 . Miami 's main campus grew by 414 students or 2.2 percent from last year , according to the university .
Miami 's enrollment increase is credited to the record setting sizes of incoming freshmen classes at the school , according to Susan Schaurer , assistant vice president for enrollment management and director of admissions . In fall 2015 , Miami set a record with 3,806 incoming freshmen and fall semester 2016 had the second highest increase with 3,798 , Schaurer said .
RELATED : Universities fear effects of drop in Ohio high school grads
A retention rate upwards of 90 percent has helped to boost this spring 's enrollment , Schaurer said .
“ The demand has certainly increased for a Miami education , ” Schaurer said . “ We 're really excited about that . ”
Schaurer expects Miami 's enrollment success to continue as the university has already received more than 30,000 applications for the fall 2017 semester , setting yet another record .
While Miami and OSU added the most students , Cedarville University and Wittenberg University in Springfield had the highest percent growth in spring enrollment . Cedarville added 124 students to grow enrollment by 3.4 percent and Wittenberg added 53 students , increasing by 2.9 percent .
The University of Cincinnati 's spring enrollment grew by the slimmest margin , 0.4 percent , or 191 students .
Sinclair Community College was able to avoid the enrollment pitfall Wright State and UD suffered this spring . The college added 341 students or grewe by 1.9 percent , said spokesman Adam Murka .
RELATED : Sinclair lands funding for retail management certificate
The growth was n't related to any one factor , Murka said , but was due to increases in online enrollment , returning students , an increase in traditional students and use of the college credit plus system that Murka said has “ exploded ” in recent years .
While Murka said improvements in the economy can sometimes cause a decline in enrollment at community colleges , Sinclair has n't felt that effect yet .
“ That tells me we 're doing the right things and we know what people need , ” Murka said . “ We feel pretty good about the strategic direction of the college . ”
5 HIGHER ED MUST Read
• Naked intruder at UD student houses is 2nd in 5 months
• Students call for Wright State foundation to divest from hedge funds
• UC professor writes book about HBO crime drama ‘ The Wire '
• Attorney from Netflix 's ‘ Making A Murderer ' to speak at UD
• More than 80 percent of college students admit they have cheated
Economics Minister slams Hamas 'cynicism ' and 'cowardice , ' says its time has run out as Israel prepares a ground offensive .
Economics Minister and Jewish Home Chairman Naftali Bennett toured communities and factories in the south on Thursday , in a show of solidarity with communities barraged by rocket fire .
`` In recent days , Israeli citizens have been subject to deliberate and sustained attacks , as Hamas intends to kill as many Jews as possible in as many ways as possible , '' Bennett said . `` [ They attack ] with missiles by air , infiltration [ attempts ] by sea , bombs on the ground and tunnels underground . ''
Bennett noted that Hamas is even crueler to the Arabs it claims to protect and defend .
`` Hamas operates in a cynical and cowardly way , '' he said . `` Israel fights to protect its children and Hamas fights at the expense of the children of Gaza . ''
`` In light of the prolonged nature of this attack , Hamas 's time has run out , '' he continued . `` It 's time to change the Iron Dome , a weapon of defense , to an Iron Fist - a weapon of offense . ''
Bennett added that he had high hopes for a ground offensive . So far , 48,000 soldiers have been approved to be called up to the front lines ; at least 35,000 have been known to have been called up as of earlier this week .
`` Tens of thousands of IDF combat soldiers , regular and reserve , have been working day and night , '' he said . `` The citizens of Israel , the Israeli government , and the Security Cabinet - all are united behind the Prime Minister of Israel . ''
`` We will win , '' he assured .
Bennett 's remarks surface as ministers weigh the possibility of a ground offensive in Gaza .
As Operation Protective Edge ends its tenth day , an estimated 1,400 rockets have been fired on Israeli civilians .
Whether you want to shine or want power , they 're all coming to the figma line of poseable figures . Today , Good Smile Company has launched pre-orders for the first of Max Factory 's take on Love Live ! Sunshine ! ! with Aqours ' leader , Chika Takami . That April release is followed by a decidely more violent Goro Majima from the Yakuza games .
326
figma Chika Takami
`` I want to shine as a figma ! ''
From the anime series 'LoveLive ! Sunshine ! ! ' comes a figma of Aqours ' leader , Chika Takami !
Using the smooth yet posable joints of figma , you can act out a variety of different scenes .
She comes with three face plates including a cheerful smile , a determined expression and a glaring expression .
Accessories include her school bag , as well as the panel and megaphone she used to advertise the club .
Bare feet parts as well as pompoms in her image color are included to recreate the ending theme .
An articulated figma stand is included , which allows various poses to be taken .
Product Details Product Name figma Chika Takami Series LoveLive ! Sunshine ! ! Manufacturer Max Factory Category figma Price ¥5,370 ( Before Tax ) Specifications Painted ABS & PVC non-scale articulated figure with stand included . Approximately 135mm in height Sculptor Max Factory , knead Cooperation Masaki Apsy Released by Max Factory Distributed by Good Smile Company
325
figma Goro Majima
`` For yakuza , it 's all about power . ''
From the popular action adventure game 'Yakuza ' comes a figma of the 'Mad Dog of the Shimano Family ' - Goro Majima !
Using the smooth yet posable joints of figma , you can act out a variety of different scenes .
A flexible plastic is used for important areas , allowing proportions to be kept without compromising posability .
Three face plates are included : a standard serious face , a shouting face for combat and an ecstatic expression .
Optional parts include a metal bat , a cigarette and his Chimera Dagger .
An articulated figma stand is included , which allows various poses to be taken .
Product Details Product Name figma Goro Majima Series Yakuza Manufacturer Max Factory Category figma Price ¥6,296 ( Before Tax ) Specifications Painted ABS & PVC non-scale articulated figure with stand included . Approximately 150mm in height . Sculptor Max Factory ( yuasanon ) Cooperation Masaki Apsy Released by Max Factory Distributed by Good Smile Company
-- -- --
Scott Green is editor and reporter for anime and manga at geek entertainment site Ai n't It Cool News . Follow him on Twitter at @ aicnanime .
CacheShadow : * * * Cache Listing Archived * * * The cache owner may contact me through my profile page if they wish to discuss the whether this cache listing can be Unarchived . All outstanding issues would need to be addressed in compliance with the current Listing Guidelines . CacheShadow - Community Volunteer Reviewer
< Snake in the Grass Send Message to Owner Message this owner A cache by AdamReaume Hidden : 7/27/2011
Difficulty : Terrain :
Size : ( regular )
Join now to view geocache location details . It 's free ! Sign up ▶ Watch How Geocaching Works How Geocaching Works
Please note Use of geocaching.com services is subject to the terms and conditions Use of geocaching.com services is subject to the terms and conditions in our disclaimer
Geocache Description :
This cache is about 15m off a new path I found in Malden . Most of the path is paved but the path into the forest is wood chips . The cache is camo 'd very well . Cache co-ords may be off up to ~10m because of the canopy blocking my signal , but it is in the vicinity .
You are looking for a metal box , camoed with spray paint hidden in the plants on the ground . The camo is green , black and brown and blends very well . There is also a homemade netting I made on the box . I spent a lot of time making this container look nice ! Inside you 'll find log papers , a pencil , and a bunch of nick nacks I threw in , including some Pokémon figurines , dice , old PC RAM , an old intel processor , pocket change and balls . CAREFUL WITH THE HANDLE ! It 's chipped and sometimes it comes de-attached . Please be gentle placing the cache back so the netting remains intact .
Additional Hints ( Decrypt )
Xrrc lbhe rlrf crryrq naq ybj .
College-completion rates for minority students tend to lag behind overall averages , and a report released on Wednesday by the American Council on Education examines why .
The report— '' The Education Gap : Understanding African-American and Hispanic Attainment Disparities in Higher Education , '' the first in a series on diversity and inclusion—explores some well-documented patterns , including in academic preparation , and points to entrenched discrepancies in access .
Underrepresented students , especially at four-year colleges , are more likely than their peers to hold multiple risk factors for dropping out , says the report , which analyzes federal data and was financed by the GE Foundation .
African-American and Hispanic students are significantly less likely , for example , to have taken advanced mathematics courses or earned college credit in high school , the report says , in part because their schools may not have offered a rigorous curriculum .
Less than half of black and Hispanic students—46 percent and 43 percent , respectively—who started college in 2003-4 took an advanced math course in high school , compared with 55 percent of all students , according to the report . Less than a fifth of black students and just over a quarter of Hispanic students earned college-level credits , compared with nearly a third of all students who entered college that year .
Across all demographic groups , completion rates were higher for students who had earned some credit ahead of time , says the report . Among Hispanic students , the measure for those with existing credit was 50 percent higher than for those without .
In terms of when and how students attend college , enrollment delays and part-time attendance correlate with lower completion rates for all groups , the report says , citing prior research . Across institutional types , African-American students were most likely to hold off on entering college . Those at four-year institutions who had delayed enrolling showed a 32-percent completion rate , compared with 54 percent for the black students who had started right after high school .
Advertisement
At four-year colleges—but not two-year institutions—African-American students were more likely than their classmates to enroll part time , according to the report . Hispanic students more often attended part time in both sectors .
Transfer , which also correlates with lower completion rates , was more common than average among black and Hispanic freshmen at four-year colleges . At two-year institutions , the discrepancy between plans to transfer to a four-year college and actually doing so was greater for black and Hispanic students than for white and Asian-American students .
Other factors the report examines include students ' placement into remedial education , type of high-school credential ( diploma versus GED ) , and employment while in college .
`` Even under favorable conditions for student success , '' the report says , persistence and attainment rates for black and Hispanic students lagged behind those for their white classmates .
`` The confluence of multiple impediments , '' the report says , `` is one of the keys to explaining the pervasiveness of the postsecondary attainment gaps . '' But those disparities , ACE says , are not unresolvable—and minimizing them is necessary to achieving national college-completion goals .
Advocacy groups have made similar pronouncements , with recommendations for effective policy and practice . Of course , as this report notes , controlling college costs and expanding financial aid would help , but so can `` deliberate efforts '' in academic support .
`` A one-time or one-dimensional policy will not move these students far enough toward college graduation , '' Mikyung Ryu , associate director of ACE 's Center for Policy Analysis and author of the report , said in a written statement . `` The higher-education community and our colleagues in K-12 must work together to take action . ''
Shocking enough are the allegations that a long-perceived unassuming state senator tried brokering an international arms deal with military-style rifles and rocket launchers , but Leland Yee may have narrowly escaped an even more ominous label : supporter of terrorism .
Yee , whose arrest after an FBI undercover sting shook the California political world last week , would likely have been charged with aiding terrorists if not for a bureaucratic label missing from the militant Filipino group that he is accused of sourcing for an international arms deal , counterterrorism experts told this newspaper .
His ties to the group , whose leader has said he personally met with Osama Bin Laden , are spelled out in a 137-page affidavit . It accuses Yee and two associates of conspiring with an undercover FBI agent posing as a Mafia gangster to purchase up to $ 2.5 million in weapons from a source with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front in the Philippines .
The group is not among the 56 foreign terrorist organizations designated by the U.S. State Department , although its three-decade reign of terror , including bombings , kidnappings and killings of civilians mirror other designated groups .
Groups identified as terrorist organizations can not legally receive financial support , services , training or any assistance from U.S. residents , among other restrictions .
The State Department designates groups every two years based on a combination of factors , including intelligence , input from the U.S. Embassy in the host country and the stated goals of the organizations .
“ If ( the Filipino group ) were a designated terrorist group ( Yee ) would be subject to prosecution , ” said Michael Kraft , former senior adviser for the State Department counterterrorism office and co-author of 1996 legislation creating laws against supporting terrorist groups .
Yee could have still been charged with material support to an undesignated group if the FBI found Yee intended to help the terrorists or if the money went to a specific act of terrorism , but the sting never went that far .
A spokeswoman with the law firm of Yee 's new attorney , Jim Lassart , said he had no comment .
The U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment Friday . The office announced the indictment Friday of Yee and 28 other defendants arrested following a five-year FBI investigation . The indictment formalizes the allegations the government outlined against Yee in the affidavit .
Yee was charged with corruption , wire fraud and conspiracy to traffic arms . A terrorism charge would carry a 15-year sentence or life if a death could be linked to the aid . Yee faces a five-year sentence for gun trafficking .
On March 27 — the day after Yee 's arrest — the Philippines government signed a peace accord with the leaders of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , the country 's largest separatist group .
The group — which has reportedly had ties with al-Qaida and two designated terrorist groups in the Philippines — may have only been kept off the State Department list so as not to disturb those peace talks , said Joseph Felter , a senior research fellow with Stanford University 's Center for International Security and Cooperation .
“ In the United States , ever since post-9/11 , many folks have wanted to put ( the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ) as a designated terrorist group , ” said Felter , who has worked with the Philippines military on security issues .
Kathi Austin , executive director of the Conflict Awareness Project and an internationally recognized arms trafficking expert , said it 's clear to her the feds were chasing possible terrorism charges , continually asking Yee to talk about the Filipino group . And Yee , according to the affidavit , did not disappoint .
At a March 5 meeting with the undercover agent , Yee explained how Mindanao , a southern island of the Philippines , was largely populated by Muslim rebel groups , including the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which had many factions . The state senator told the agent Muslims in Mindanao had access to a lot of money and were financed by Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi before his death , according to the complaint .
A week later , the agent asked Yee about the proposed peace treaty and Yee said the Philippines government was secretly funding some of the groups in an effort to distract people from government corruption . Yee said factions within the terrorist group did n't agree with the treaty and that those elements had no problem “ kidnapping individuals , killing individuals and extorting them for ransom , ” according to the complaint .
Yee reportedly told the agent he took an “ agnostic ” stance on the weapons deal : “ People want to get whatever they want to get . Do I care ? No , I do n't care . People need certain things , ” he is quoted as saying .
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has been linked to 30 years of brutality , including the Maguindanao massacre in November 2009 , when armed men kidnapped and killed 58 people , including a politician , his wife , two sisters , journalists , lawyers and aides .
On the four-year anniversary , the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines-USA Chapter held a commemoration in Carson to honor the 32 journalists killed and a Yee aide read a statement on the state senator 's behalf : “ Let us never forget the ultimate sacrifice that these journalists made for the public good . ”
Just a few months later , authorities say Yee brokered a deal with the terrorist group linked to that attack .
But the Moro Islamic Liberation Front remains off the terror list . And because of that and the evidence in the complaint , “ there 's really no chance of a terrorism-related charge , ” said Gregory McNeal , an associate law professor at Pepperdine University School of Law and expert in national security law .
It 's not enough that prosecutors prove Yee knew his support would benefit terrorism ; they would need to prove Yee intended for the gun money to further the terrorists ' goals , he said .
“ Intent requires him to act with the goal or conscious object to bring about the terrorist end , ” McNeal wrote in an e-mail . “ So to prove that , you would need evidence along the lines of ‘ I 'm really hoping we can buy these weapons so they can use the money to successfully attack the government . ' ”
Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026 . Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .
Sarah Wasko / Media Matters
Former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell , a member of President Donald Trump 's voter fraud commission , has pushed fake news and false claims originating from fringe media and seems to rely at least partially on disreputable sources for news .
On May 11 , the Trump administration announced that it was forming a “ bipartisan Presidential Commission on Election Integrity , ” and listed Blackwell as one of its members . Blackwell , a conservative columnist , a senior fellow at the anti-LGBTQ hate group Family Research Council , and a board member of the National Rifle Association , has previously claimed that climate change concerns could lead to forced abortions , suggested gay marriage was the reason for a 2014 California mass shooting , and suggested that then-Attorney General Eric Holder was “ clear [ ing ] the path for shariah law. ” He has also lent credence to Trump 's false assertion that there is widespread voter fraud in the United States , saying the system creates “ real potential for fraud ” and that there may have been fraud in the last election .
Since he was announced as a member of Trump 's commission , Blackwell has pushed multiple false allegations leveled by fringe media . On July 17 , he posted on Facebook a link to a story suggesting a connection between the Clintons and a deceased former Haitian government official . The fake news , which was first published by a fake news purveyor and was widely hyped by the fringe and pro-Trump media , has been debunked . A week later , Blackwell posted on Facebook an article from fringe pro-Trump website The Gateway Pundit , which is regularly wrong in its claims , stating that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ordered Robert Mueller , now special counsel on the Russia probe , to give uranium to Russia in 2009 . The claim , pushed by Gateway Pundit and fake news purveyors , suggests nefarious action even though the uranium had been seized from the nation of Georgia and held in U.S. custody and was being transported to Russia for forensic analysis with authorization from the Georgian government .
Additionally , Blackwell has repeatedly posted articles from the fringe blog Conservative Tribune , an outlet that fact-checkers have repeatedly criticized for pushing false and misleading claims . The website has also promoted far-right troll Jack Posobiec 's dubious claim that former FBI Director James Comey violated the Espionage Act by releasing the memos he wrote about his meetings with Trump before the president fired him .
The House of Representatives side of the U.S. Capitol has reopened Thursday after a possible asbestos release , and tours have resumed .
Around 8:20 a.m. Thursday , the Capitol announced that during ongoing asbestos abatement work , the substance may have been accidentally released .
In response , the entire House side was closed down . The Senate side was not affected .
The House side of the Capitol has now reopened but the East Grand Staircase will remain closed between the first and third floors until further notice . All other areas have also returned to normal operations .
The AP reported that the House reconvened at noon for legislative business instead of 10 a.m. , according to a statement from the Office of the Speaker .
Crews have collected samples to determine whether there was a potential exposure .
U.S. Capitol Police and the Architect of the Capitol are investigating .
During the closure , tours of the Capitol building were briefly suspended , and the south door was closed .
Update : House Side of Capitol reopen to Members and Staff with certain areas remaining closed . Tours are open . More : http : //t.co/fAJGGdVuc6 — U.S. Capitol ( @ uscapitol ) July 10 , 2014
Stay with NBCWashington.com for more .
Millions of Iranians , like Muslims around the world , are preparing for Eid ul-Fitr , which marks the end of Ramadan , the month of fasting . At the same time , critics and pundits are engaged in a popular debate over the contemporary Iranian society : Are Iranians , after three decades of living under the Islamic Republic regime , more or less religious ? The answers have so far has been political rather than empirical .
Naturally , the ruling regime that has tried to inject Islamic laws into every aspect of Iranian life claims it nurtured a more religious society compared to the pre-1979 revolution regime . Both the repressive and ideological apparatus of the state implemented these policies to the point that every Iranian through out his or her life receives a high dose of religious training via educational curriculum and media . At the same time , every Iranian knows that displaying indifference towards strict Islamic laws , particularly in public , could have severe punishment .
On the other hand , regime opponents , secular or even religious , claim that religious pressure and inadequate governing have made Iranian people less religious . They point out to the evidence such as , increasing pre-martial relations , parties in which the young mingle with the opposite sex , consumption of alcohol and the daily resistances of Iranian girls against compulsory dress codes in public are among the issues these opponents shed light on .
A third way
But , a considerable number of Iranians have chosen a third path , which is favoured by neither the regime nor its eminent opponents : Remaining religious while adopting modern pastimes and decorum . It is to say just as the Law of Conservation of Energy argues energy can not be created or destroyed , but changes its form , religious devotion too can change its form .
Recently , in a surprising move , conservative news agencies published photos of Iranians attending religious ceremonies of Shab-e-Qadr or Nights of Destiny , in which Muslims commemorate the revelation of Quran to Prophet Muhammad and pray for their wishes to come true . In these photos , women with inappropriate Islamic attire while wearing makeup and bright color lipsticks are praying or crying over religious elegies . For example , in one of the photos a young man and women , who technically should not be together , are seen leaning on another while asking for the divine blessing .
These individuals are not at all strangers to Iranians . For years , they lived and interacted in society . For instance , before 1979 revolution , it was not uncommon to see women wearing revealing clothes while observing the fast . However conservative and reformist media alike have had little or no interest in acknowledging such scenes - as if they are obscene . Let 's not forget that when a phenomenon is not represented in the media it is as if it is not present at all ; it becomes invisible .
What has changed in the past decade or so is that these individual performances have turned into popular carnivals . On every religious occasion ( dominantly , mourning ceremonies for Shia Iranians ) young , unrelated men and women despite the heavy presence of the morality police , could be spotted taking advantage of the opportunity to meet , flirt and socialise . The transformation of religious ceremonies from official to carnavalesque in the words of Russian philosopher Mikhail Bakhtin provided Iranians a `` temporary liberation from the prevailing truth and from the established order . ''
The irony is that if for Bakhtin `` laughter '' is an important aspect of carnivals , which casts aside the seriousness of official life and religious dogmatism , for Iranians , `` crying '' does the tricks .
It would be a mistake to consider these people opportunists who use religious ceremonies merely for dating , mingling or showing off . For many of them this is the way they know and choose to perform their religion .
One of course should not be surprised if the Ayatollahs and the zealots condemn these behaviors . Interestingly , the secular and the anti-religion critics have taken more offense . In a patronizing and sometimes even mocking tone , they criticize this behaviour of Iranians . These critics share a similar reading of Islam with the fundamentalists ' : There is only one type of Islam in which a woman can not pray while wearing lipstick . One group makes its claim in the name of Islam ; the other in defense of lipstick -- as if there is only one path to salvation .
An Iranian intellectual says people in these photos `` suffer '' from `` disparity . '' Another wonders how they could behave with such inconsistency of beliefs and deeds ? The answer is simpler than what it seems : They are just doing it ! They may not find any contradiction in their actions . Even if they do , they are probably not suffering from it .
This behaviour of course is not limited to wearing lipstick while praying . I know Iranians who break their fast with a glass of wine , people who start fornication with a Bismillah- In the name of God , and homosexuals who sport a beard because it is recommended in Islam .
The problem with today 's Iranian society is that few political or religious critics are willing to recognise or understand the `` popular religion . '' In other words , both the Islamic regime and its opposing elites are not fond of the manners in which the laymen practice religion . Therefore , instead of relying on empirical observation they prefer to simply speculate about the religiosity of this very complex society . Measuring religiosity is not a simple task . The criteria are different among the social scientists . In 2012 only , Iranian scholars held thirteen sessions in Tehran to discuss the criteria .
The limited research on this matter suggests that Iranian society is still a religious one . A study in 2009 , conducted by two Iranian sociologists - Abbas Kazemi and Mehdi Faraji - conclude that in comparison to 1975 , four years before the revolution , Iranians are still considerably very religious . The number of Iranians who pray or participate in socio-religious rituals has remained relatively unchanged . The number of people who fast has even increased .
At the same time , as another sociologist Amir Nikpey says , Iranians have become modern and secular `` without becoming anti-religion . ''
Many intellectuals show the trajectory of modern Iranian society as a clash between tradition and modernity , secularism and religion . Others talk about the necessity of Lutheran reforms in Shia Islam . But Iranian people are going their own way and are playing in a ring of so-called contradictions ; they remember some things and forget others ; they tightly cling to dogmas and easily let go of others . Instead of overemphasizing the internal homogeneity of religion , they have turned to communal conformity . And this has resulted in a new form of religiosity which one could even call functionalist .
Ali Reza Eshraghi was a senior editor at several of Iran 's reformist dailies . He is Iran Project Manager at the Institute for War and Peace Reporting ( IWPR ) and a teaching fellow in the Department of Communication Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Exclusive Black on Black Gatefold , Double LP
Single Run , Limited Edition , Hurry and get yours before they sell out !
, Hurry and get yours before they sell out ! Double LP on Audiophile-Grade 140-gram vinyl
on Audiophile-Grade 140-gram vinyl Pre-Order . Ships for Sept. 15th 2017 delivery
As a special thank you for their top fans on Spotify , Foo Fighters created this exclusive limited-edition Black-on-Black pressing of their upcoming album Concrete and Gold .
Only available online here , this double LP vinyl record in encased in a beautiful collector-quality black on black gatefold sleeve and will only be pressed once .
Using audiophile grade 140-gram vinyl , the fourth side features a unique etching ... that we ca n't discuss here .
About this Release
Tracklist
T-Shirt Run Make It Right Sky Is A Neighborhood La Dee Da Dirty Water Arrows Happy Ever After ( Zero Hour ) Sunday Rain The Line Concrete and Gold
‘ This album has more twists and turns than a live senate hearing . Like a box of really loud chocolates . Hope you 're hungry . ' - Dave GrohlRecorded at EastWest Studios in Hollywood , the band ran into many other musicians - resulting in an array of high-profile collaborations on the album.In addition to the legendary members of Foo Fighters and special guests , Concrete and Gold features production by Multi-Grammy award-winning multi-instrumentalist , songwriter and producer Greg Kurstin.This pre-order is available now but this exclusive , limited edition pressing is sure to sell out so hurry and get yours now ! This record has been pressed onto two black vinyl discs.This vinyl record is packaged with a two-part folding sleeve.This record is pressed onto 140 grams of black audiophile grade vinyl.Please note that all items included with this order will not ship until on or about the sale date of September 15th , 2017
AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford , warn of `` massive , '' `` overwhelming '' military response to North Korea .
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis warned on Sunday of a `` massive , '' and `` overwhelming '' military response to North Korea 's missile and nuclear weapons programs after a small group meeting with President Donald Trump in response to Pyongyang testing its sixth and largest-ever nuclear device .
Mattis stressed that the US has `` many '' military options for dealing with North Korea , but that the US does not seek the annihilation of any country .
Mattis was most likely referring to the US military 's roughly 28,000 troops located in South Korea and its massive presence in Japan and in the Pacific . At the time of Mattis ' speaking , the US does not have an increased naval or military presence in the region , though the US and South Korea did just complete a joint war-gaming exercise .
Earlier on Sunday Trump floated the idea of cutting off trade with China , North Korea 's treaty ally and main trading partner , in response to North Korea 's greatly increased provocations . `` The United States is considering , in addition to other options , stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea , '' Trump wrote in a tweet .
The Trump administration has repeatedly said that `` all options '' are on the table in dealing with North Korea , and stressed military might represent a part of that package .
Historically , China has agreed to UN Security Council resolutions against North Korea following nuclear tests , but despite sanctions , loopholes remain that allow Pyongyang to finance its weapons programs .
KCNA/Reuters North Korean leader Kim Jong-un provides guidance on a nuclear weapons program in this undated photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency
The nuclear device tested by North Korea on Sunday had a yield of hundreds of kilotons , meaning it was most likely a hydrogen or thermonuclear bomb , according to expert estimates and North Korea 's own statements .
The completion of an intercontinental ballistic missile and a thermonuclear warhead represent North Korea achieving its ultimate goal of building a credible deterrent against invasion and regime change . Experts assess that North Korea 's main goal in developing nuclear weapons is to secure its regime , and that it will not use the weapons offensively , unless provoked .
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump gestures as Vice President-elect Mike Pence applauds at their election night rally in Manhattan , Nov. 9 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mike Segar
Donald Trump 's presidential election victory has already been cheered by Russian President Vladimir Putin , a constellation of right-wing European populists , a former Ku Klux Klan leader and a Middle Eastern strongman . But there 's another curious constituency that seems to be happy about the new American president-elect .
Shortly after Trump was declared the victor , a number of prominent Salafist ideologues linked to jihadist outfits in the Middle East took to social media to cheer the prospect of a Trump presidency .
The remarks signaled the militants ' apparent belief that the victory of a candidate like Trump , who has suggested potentially unconstitutional blocks on Muslim immigration and advocated torture , undermines the United States ' moral standing in the world .
[ Trump 's obsession with the phrase 'radical Islam ' wo n't defeat terrorism ]
Social-media sites associated with both the Islamic State and al-Qaeda also hailed Trump 's success as the beginning of “ dark times ” for the United States , marked by domestic unrest and new foreign military campaigns that would sap the strength of the American superpower .
`` Rejoice with support from Allah , and find glad tidings in the imminent demise of America at the hands of Trump , ” said the Islamic State-affiliated al-Minbar Jihadi Media network , one of several jihadi forums to post commentaries on the results of the U.S. election .
`` Trump 's win of the American presidency will bring hostility of Muslims against America as a result of his reckless actions , which show the overt and hidden hatred against them , ” continued the essay , provided by the SITE Intelligence group , a private organization that monitors jihadists ' web sites .
Al-Minbar is among several jihadist-lined online publications that sought to capitalize on Trump 's controversial statements about Muslim during the election campaign , saying that the alienation of ordinary Muslims is key to their recruitment of foreign fighters . Dabiq , the Islamic State 's English-language magazine , said its terrorist campaign in Europe was intended to spark an anti-Muslim backlash by Western governments that would force European Muslims to choose sides .
A pro-a-Qaeda al-Maqalaat Twitter account predicted that Trump would “ make the U.S. Enemy No . 1 again ” in the Muslim Middle East .
“ Trump will serve as the perfect straw man for the next four years , like Bush did before him , ” it said .
Now News , a Lebanese English-language website , aggregated a series of other comments from noted Salafist ideologues .
`` Trump 's victory is a powerful slap to those promoting the benefits of democratic mechanisms , ” tweeted Hamza al-Karibi , a media spokesman for Syrian jihadist group Jabhat Fatah al-Sham , which was formerly affiliated with al-Qaeda before rebranding itself this year in a bid to avoid being targeted by both Russian and American airstrikes .
Abu Muhammad al-Maqdisi , a jihadist ideologue linked to al-Qaeda who has close to 60,000 followers on Twitter , gloated about Trump 's victory , suggesting that it `` may be the beginning of America 's fragmentation and the era of its breakup . '' In a second tweet , he said that Trump `` reveals the true mentality of the Americans , and their racism toward Muslims and Arabs and everything . He reveals what his predecessors used to conceal . So his victory further exposes America and its appendages . ”
“ Have you seen how pleasant a society it is ! ” tweeted another Salafist-jihadist mainstay , Abu Qatada al-Filastini , who was deported from Britain in 2014 , to tens of thousands of followers . “ This is the American society that [ supposedly ] opposes its leaders ' policies by not hating or disdaining the world , and then it votes by the millions for Trump ! ”
The reaction of these extremists is the reverse of some of the consternation aired in the United States by Trump 's critics , who see in his demagogic rise the unraveling of the American republic and the collapse of the myth of American exceptionalism .
Farther east , in Afghanistan , a spokesman for the Taliban used language not out of place among the ultra-nationalist , populist movements in Europe that aligned themselves with Trump 's campaign , oppose immigration and , sometimes , agitate against intervening in conflicts elsewhere .
Many far-right parties in Europe are celebrating the presidential victory of Donald J. Trump . ( Jason Aldag , Ishaan Tharoor/The Washington Post )
“ Our message is that the Americans should draft a policy not to take away the independence and sovereignty of other nations , ” the militant group said in a statement Wednesday . “ Most importantly , they should withdraw all their troops from Afghanistan . ”
1 of 26 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × How the world is reacting to results of the U.S. election View Photos People around the globe watched as Donald Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States . Caption People around the globe watched as Donald Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States . Nov. 12 , 2016 Activists take part in an anti-Donald Trump demonstration at the Angel de la Independencia monument in Mexico City . Edgard Garrido/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
-- with reporting from Joby Warrick
More on WorldViews
Trump is at the front of a global right-wing surge
How globalism became the boogeyman of 2016
Donald Trump is helping the Islamic State
While rudeness is something we all abhor , we should not squelch it if in doing so we in any way squelch free speech . Those we elect to Congress are doing the job we hired them to do by sitting in front of the president during his delivery of the annual State of the Union address — ostensibly , to keep him accountable .
At last year 's SOTU speech when Congressman Joe Wilson Addison ( Joe ) Graves WilsonPollster says younger lawmakers more likely to respond to State of the Union on social media The State of the Union is obsolete Dem leaders avert censure vote against Steve King MORE ( R-S.C. ) yelled `` you lie '' to President Obama over his debatable claims on illegal immigrants receiving taxpayer-funded healthcare under ObamaCare , he was both criticized and praised . An awkward moment to say the least , but we should all be willing to live with some uncomfortable moments in the name of democracy . As well , when President Obama , standing literally just feet away from the Supreme Court justices , used the State of the Union speech to slam them for a decision he wished had gone the other way , he was all but begging for a response . Justice Samuel Alito merely silently mouthed the words , `` That 's not true '' and all hell broke loose . Whether one agreed with the court 's Citizen United ruling or not , the President of the United States confronting the very court who handed down the decision should not expect to do so without some sort of response . It seemed more like intimidation by a president than discourse , under those circumstances . The decades-long debate over Roe v. Wade should serve as an illustration over how passionate those on both sides can be about their position . It is simply not a reasonable expectation that Obama would go un-responded-to by the justices at that moment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Overall , I think I 'd rather settle for a few squirm-worthy moments of honest political discussion , accountability and raucous checks and balances over clenched-fisted , frozen-faced PC suppression of free speech in the very center of our nation 's democracy — even if it does get a little bit messy . After all , at one time in the brief history of our young nation , politicians ' duels — complete with guns , rapiers , blood , guts and the rest — were considered an acceptable , and even gentlemanly , way to resolve differences . Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton were not publicly castigated as brutally as Rep. Wilson or Justice Alito . So while we 've come a long way since those days , is it possible that perhaps we 've gone just a tad bit too far ? Unfortunately , and perhaps even somewhat comically , what we will likely be treated to at this evening 's State of the Union address is a Congress filled with hundreds of pre-programmed Stepford Wives sporting fixed , nervous smiles . I expect they will all certainly glance around and check to see when their colleagues are standing , applauding , smiling or nodding before determining their own `` authentic '' reactions for the benefit of the television cameras and their constituents back home.Be afraid . Be very afraid .
Forty years ago President Richard Nixon declared a `` war on cancer '' . Yet in spite of $ 100bn ( £60bn ) of taxpayer-funded research in the US alone , the cancer mortality rate remains little changed . Dozens of much-hyped `` cures '' developed by drug companies are either useless or have marginal effect . What can be done ?
Two years ago , in a spectacularly enlightened move , the US National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) decided to enlist the help of physical scientists . The idea was to bring fresh insights from disciplines like physics to help tackle cancer in radical new ways . Twelve research centres were created to focus the effort , and I was approached to run the one based at Arizona State University .
With no prior knowledge of cancer , I started asking some very basic questions . What struck me from the outset is that something as pervasive and stubborn as cancer must be a deep part of the story of life itself . Sure enough , cancer is found in almost all multicellular organisms , suggesting its origins stretch back hundreds of millions of years .
Oncologists tend to think of cancer as a motley collection of cells gone berserk , but to me the way that tumours grow and spread to other organs indicates an organised and systematic strategy , designed to evade all that the body and the medical profession can throw at it . Such well-honed behaviour suggests they are the product of a long period of biological evolution .
I began wondering whether cancer might be an evolutionary throwback to the dawn of multicellular life , when single cells began cooperating and forming rudimentary aggregations . Geologists trace this phase back to a time a billion or more years ago , during the so-called Proterozoic era , long before the appearance of plants and animals with their well-ordered body plans and fully differentiated cell types . The closest living analogue might be a sponge .
How , then , might these ancestral forms reappear today inside the bodies of animals ? Evolution works by building on what came before . The genes needed to fashion the primitive cellular aggregates of the Proterozoic era did not all become defunct . Some were incorporated into the genomes of later , more sophisticated , organisms , and lurk inside human beings to this day . That 's because they still serve a crucial function . When an embryo develops , its genes lay down a body plan , starting with the most basic and most ancient features .
A century ago the German biologist Ernst Haekel pointed out that the stages of embryo development recapitulate the evolutionary history of the animal . Human embryos , for instance , develop , then lose , gills , webbed feet and rudimentary tails , reflecting their ancient aquatic lifestyles . The genes responsible for these features normally get silenced at a later stage of development , but sometimes the genetic control system malfunctions and babies get born with tails and other ancestral traits . Such anomalous features are called atavisms .
Charles Lineweaver of the Australian National University is , like me , a cosmologist and astrobiologist with a fascination for how cancer fits into the story of life on Earth . Together we developed the theory that cancer tumours are a type of atavism that appears in the adult form when something disrupts the silencing of ancestral genes . The reason that cancer deploys so many formidable survival traits in succession , is , we think , because the ancient genetic toolkit active in the earliest stages of embryogenesis gets switched back on , re-activating the Proterozoic developmental plan for building cell colonies . If you travelled in a time machine back one billion years , you would see many clumps of cells resembling modern cancer tumours .
The implications of our theory , if correct , are profound . Rather than cancers being rogue cells degenerating randomly into genetic chaos , they are better regarded as organised footsoldiers marching to the beat of an ancient drum , recapitulating a billion-year-old lifestyle . As cancer progresses in the body , so more and more of the ancestral core within the genetic toolkit is activated , replaying evolution 's story in reverse sequence . And each step confers a more malignant trait , making the oncologist 's job harder .
There is some good news buried in this conclusion . The ancient toolkit will be a limited set of specific genes and therefore present a well-defined target for therapy . To build up a full picture of cancers as atavisms , we have to map not just the human genome but the genomes of our oldest common multi-celled ancestors , including those of plants , insects and fungi , and work out how the cancer story relates to these life forms too . It will be in the convergence of evolutionary biology , developmental biology and cancer biology that the answer to cancer will lie . Nor will this confluence be a one-way street . By studying cancer , biologists can gain clues about how complex life evolved on Earth , and maybe on other planets too .
Cancer touches every family in one way or another . As other diseases are brought under control , cancer is set to become the number one killer , and is already in epidemic proportions worldwide . Although the elusive `` cure '' may be a distant dream , understanding the true nature of cancer will enable it to be better controlled and less menacing .
Nasa expert says the 'bunker ' is simply effect of shadows in the image
'You can see a person behind the bunker 's window , ' Gignac claims
Spotted 'bunker ' in an image taken by the Nasa rover Opportunity
From alien coffins to fossilised lizards , conspiracy theorists believe they have found all manner of strange items in Nasa 's images of Mars .
Now , one alien hunter claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows .
Andre Gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity .
Scroll down for video
A conspiracy theorist claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows ( shown by the dotted red line )
He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look .
' I was stunned . It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater , ' Gignac told Cryptozoology News .
'You can see a person behind the bunker 's window , ' the 58-year-old added .
He claims that the 'bunker ' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker ' . 'Also , not far from this bunker are missiles , rockets and structures deployed in a circle , ' he says .
'Bunkers have been spotted in previous Nasa pictures , some might be caused by shadows or lack of resolution that does n't give enough detail to clearly see if the structure is a bunker or not , ' Nigel Watson , author of the UFO investigations Manual , told Dailymail.com
Andre Gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity
Pictured From left to right , are structures , missiles and rockets Cignac claims he found in Nasa 's image
Cignac claims he became curious about a 'dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look
'Others have claimed that bunker pictures were taken by the European Space Agency , Mars Express orbital vehicle .
'These were explained as being of erosional features or caused by the way the pictures were stitched together .
'Whatever the `` mundane '' explanation I think we are more fascinated by the idea that there are people secretly living beneath the surface of Mars and they are part of some secret space program .
'Such a project would need vast resources and would be very hard to keep covered up , yet many think this is what is happening and that these activities are being carried out in conjunction with one or more alien species . '
The latest discovery follows a spate of supposed 'sightings ' of Martian civilisation .
Last year , a Maryland-based UFO hunter spotted what he believed to be a 'decorative ' box on the red planet .
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana ( left ) . Stock image of an iguana is pictured right
The so-called 'coffin ' was found by Will Farrar from WhatsUpintheSky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the Mars rover Curiosity . The image pictured inset has been edited
The 'coffin ' was discovered by Will Farrar from WhatsUpintheSky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the Mars rover Curiosity .
IS THIS A CASE OF PAREIDOLIA ? Many scientists believe that seeing strange objects , such as a 'coffin ' on Mars , is simple a case of pareidolia . This is a psychological response to seeing faces and other significant and everyday items in random places . It is a form of apophenia , which is when people see patterns or connections in unconnected data . There have been multiple occasions when people have claimed to see religious images and themes in unexpected places , especially the faces of religious figures . Many involve images of Jesus , the Virgin Mary and the word Allah . For example , in September 2007 a callus on a tree resembled a monkey , leading believers in Singapore to pay homage to the Monkey god . Another famous instance was when Mary 's face was a grilled cheese sandwich . Images of Jesus have even been spotted inside the lid of a jar of Marmite and in a potato .
'This little box sure does look like a modern coffin concrete liner , ' he wrote on his YouTube channel .
'As well as the stonework on the back part of the hill that looks like stairs or some left over stonework from some old civilisations constructions . '
Alien researcher Scott Waring of the UFO Sightings Daily said he believes the coffin was made from a stone-like substance .
'What would it take to get Nasa to turn the rover around and examine the contents of this box ? , ' he said .
But while its strong lines have captured the imagination of UFO bloggers , scientists believe sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called Pareidolia .
This describes the brain 's response to seeing faces and other significant objects in random places .
It has evolved so that human eyes can spot faces within their environment , and to help them recognise friends in a crowd .
Scientists claim we also tend to use this ability to 'enrich our imagination ' and recognise meaningful shapes , even when they 're not there .
' I stand ready to be convinced that I have possibly hallucinated . I wo n't mind being told that I 'm wrong , ' Cignac says .
Google and Facebook are n't the only ones vying to be the standard bearer for the hottest AI technique around . China 's leading Internet search company , Baidu , which is also investing heavily in a popular and powerful machine-learning technology called deep learning , today released some key code that it uses to make this AI software run very efficiently .
Baidu 's code was recently used to build an impressive speech-recognition system called Deep Speech 2 . For some short sentences , this system is better than most humans at recognizing speech correctly ( see “ Baidu 's Deep-Learning System Rivals People at Speech Recognition ” ) . This is an especially useful technology for Baidu , because it offers a better way for the company 's many millions of users to access its services , especially on mobile . Typing Chinese characters on a smartphone is tricky and complex , and many people in China already prefer to use their voice to send short messages or to search the Web for information .
Deep learning allows computers to perform impressive feats , such as transcribing voice or recognizing objects in images almost flawlessly . A large simulated neural network is fed input , such as audio of a certain word or images showing a particular object , and over time this network will “ learn ” to recognize almost any new example .
Baidu 's code , called Warp-CTC , is essentially an improved implementation of a deep-learning algorithm developed some time ago that 's been designed to run very quickly on the latest computer chips . A startup called Nervana , which offers a deep-learning framework to companies that can not or do not want to develop their own , is already using Warp-CTC as part of its technology .
Baidu and other tech companies are making the code they use for deep learning freely available ( see “ Facebook Joins Stampede of Tech Giants Giving Away Artificial Intelligence Technology ” ) because they are eager to benefit from public research . They also want to encourage researchers and startups that might eventually be acquired to develop machine-learning systems that will be compatible with their own technology .
The key ingredient needed to create powerful AI applications using such software is the data owned by the likes of Facebook , Google , and Baidu , but even some of this data might increasingly be released ( see “ Giant Yahoo Data Dump Aims to Help Computers Know What You Want ” ) .
Fabian Henry is a veteran living with post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
Former Canadian combat engineer Fabian Henry used to thrive on adrenaline -- especially in combat zones -- during his 12 years in the military .
Now he smokes medical marijuana to avoid stressors that remind him of his most disturbing wartime experiences . And that 's what now keeps him sane , he says .
`` Cannabis is saving veterans ' lives , including my own . It 's improved the quality of my life by making me feel normal again , '' he explains . `` Before that , I drank heavily to numb my feelings , and at times was so depressed that I felt suicidal . Now I have my old self back . ''
During two tours of duty in Afghanistan , Henry 's work included defusing hidden roadside mines , so he considers himself lucky to have made it home in one piece . But his mind did n't get off so lightly . In fact , the war still rages in his darkest thoughts , especially his memories of fallen comrades .
Far too many other ex-servicemen are also psychologically tormented by memories of the horrors they 've experienced or witnessed , particularly while serving as peacekeepers in far-flung , strife-torn lands .
It 's a condition that 's clinically diagnosed as post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) . Symptoms include anxiety , hyper-vigilance , nightmares , flashbacks , memory loss and insomnia , loss of libido , as well as emotional numbness and social isolation .
And this latent psychological danger can be deadly . In fact , there have been a disproportionately high number of suicides among war veterans in recent years .
Among Afghanistan war veterans alone , one ex-soldier has committed suicide for every three battlefield fatalities , statistics show -- a figure that now stands at 71 .
And much of this is due to the high prevalence of PTSD among ex-servicemen .
Fabian Henry , pictured in civilian clothes , has found that medical marijuana helps control symptoms of PTSD that he experiences .
In light of such shocking figures , Canada 's federal government must start financing enough scientific studies to definitively determine if pot can mitigate this high rate of suicides . So say some frustrated war veterans , including Henry , who founded a PTSD support group in 2014 called Marijuana for Trauma .
`` From what I 've seen and experienced , the anti-depressants and anti-psychotics veterans are given to treat PTSD simply do n't work . They can actually make it worse , and can even trigger suicidal thoughts , '' he says .
`` It 's imperative that the government starts doing medical research here in Canada . ''
`` Even the opioids prescribed to veterans for pain are highly addictive and can be deadly in big enough doses , '' he adds .
Side-effects of conventional pharmaceutical treatments commonly prescribed for PTSD can include impaired cognition ( mental `` fog '' ) , erectile dysfunction , lethargy , weight gain and , in some cases , chemical dependency .
Henry adds , `` It 's imperative that the government starts doing medical research here in Canada . There needs to be scientific proof for what we already know from anecdotal evidence among veterans , which is that cannabis works in treating PTSD . ''
His veteran-run organization currently serves about 4,050 veterans with PTSD and has 12 clinics all across Canada . Its mandate is to wean them off debilitating pharmaceutical drugs , coupled with giving them cannabis education and helping them get access to government-subsidized medical marijuana .
This helps explain why an increasing number of veterans affected by PTSD are turning to medical marijuana as an alternative .
In fact , there 's been a 15-fold increase in the number of veterans gaining legal access to medical marijuana via Veterans Affairs Canada over the past three years .
So far the figure is around 3,100 , and still trending upwards .
The fact that Veterans Affairs Canada has been grudgingly paying for veterans ' marijuana ( up to 10 grams per day ) , while also discouraging them from using it , is very problematic , Henry continues .
Just a couple of days ago , the feds announced that veterans ' daily allocated maximum limit of 10 grams will be reduced as of next May to only three grams . This rationing is mostly due to the escalating cost -- an estimated $ 75 million for 2016 -- of catering to an increasing number of veterans , according to Veterans Affairs Minister Kent Hehr .
However , the government 's stinginess may also be aligned with its official position on cannabis , Henry says . He feels that its longstanding attitude has been that there 's not enough science to prove that pot helps with PTSD .
This position was asserted in a report from Canada 's Auditor General Michael Ferguson , much to the distaste of Henry .
Henry insists that this unnecessary impasse is making many physicians reluctant to prescribe cannabis to veterans . And this can have fatal consequences for those who have suicidal thoughts but do n't have legal access to cannabis .
`` The dire need for this PTSD research is so obvious with our epidemic of veteran suicides . ''
Admittedly , the science supporting the benefits of cannabis for treating PTSD is scant .
Extraordinarily , there 's only one federal-government-approved study underway in the U.S. And its lead investigator , Dr. Sue Sisley , is a vocal critic of her government 's `` unconscionable '' foot-dragging in approving more financing for this kind of research .
`` The dire need for this PTSD research is so obvious with our epidemic of veteran suicides , '' she says .
Finally , Canada recently initiated its own inaugural clinical trial to study the effects of medical cannabis on PTSD . It is being conducted by the University of British Columbia ( UBC ) and a B.C . medical cannabis grower , Tilray . It is expected to be completed in the spring of 2018 .
`` Cannabis does what pills ca n't do . ''
One of the study 's lead researchers is Zach Walsh , an Associate Professor of Psychology at UBC . He explains , `` We know that a lot of veterans are using cannabis to deal with their symptoms , '' he says .
`` But the research has n't been there for us to get a sense of how it works , who it works best for , and are there differences between different types of cannabis that make some types more effective than others ? ''
Henry is relieved that medical science may soon come to terms with what he says is becoming common knowledge among veterans : `` Cannabis does what pills ca n't do ; it 's effective at treating the symptoms of PTSD . ''
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
Also on HuffPost :
Ideas may spark the creation of startups but new ventures will only truly shine with the right employees . However , it seems as if recruiting talent has become tricker since the EU referendum last year as fewer European workers are confident about their chances on the British labour market , according to a new report .
Having analysed traffic on its own website from EU countries , CV-Library , the job board , has revealed that the overall number of European workers looking for jobs on these shores has dropped by 4.3 % in the last 12 months . When looking at the data , it was revealed that the biggest drop came from Belgium where traffic was down by 48.2 % followed by Slovenia at 27.9 % . The third biggest drop could be seen in the Netherlands where 22.7 % fewer workers looked for employment in the UK .
Interestingly , while countries like Romania and Austria also saw fewer workers considering a move to the UK , CV-Libary noted a boost in traffic from other countries . For instance , Latvia saw the biggest increase with traffic being up by 26.3 % , followed by Finland at 9.6 % and Cyprus at 9 % .
But despite the fact some EU workers are seemingly still interested in opportunities on these shores , Lee Biggins , founder and managing director of CV-Library , believes the research could spell trouble for the British economy . Commenting on the findings , he said that the data shows that Brexit has “ understandably made foreign staff think twice about coming to the country and this is sparking fears amongst businesses ” as “ we do not have enough talent in the UK to meet demand right now ” .
Given how the confidence of EU-born talent in the British market has fallen , clarification on EU workers ' rights in post-Brexit Britain should be a priority for the government in the ongoing negotiations .
Pamela Geller , a free-speech activist and harsh critic of Islamic supremacism , has charged that the FBI , under Barack Obama , likely wanted her dead .
Geller , the author of “ Stop the Islamization of America , ” said in a radio interview that she based her assessment on a new report that the FBI apparently knew of the planned terrorist attack on the conference she held in Garland , Texas , in 2015 , but it did nothing to stop it .
“ This is egregious . I submit to you the FBI , under the Obama administration , wanted us dead , ” she said on WABC New York 's “ Bernie and Sid Show . ”
“ I want to know why there was not a ( n ) ( FBI ) SWAT team there . I want to know why there was no one there , to repel this attack . It is shocking . ”
It was in 2015 , shortly before Geller was named WND Woman of the Year , when she held an art exhibit and drawing contest featuring images of Muhammad . The aim was to defend free speech by showing that Americans could not be intimidated into complying with Islamic strictures prohibiting the depiction of Muhammad .
Outside the conference hall , two jihadi gunmen showed up and started shooting , injuring a security officer before being killed by police .
WND was covering the event when the attack occurred .
This week on “ 60 Minutes , ” reporter Anderson Cooper revealed an undercover FBI agent was tracking the two jihadists and was “ on the scene prior to the commission of the act . ”
See Pamela Geller 's books , including “ Stop the Islamization of America , ” in the WND Superstore .
The show quoted Dan Maynard , a lawyer for one of the jihadists , explaining that there was an undercover FBI agent who had been texting the jihadists messages to “ Tear up Texas . ”
Reported the show : “ It turns out the undercover agent did more than just communicate online with ( suspect ) Elton Simpson . In an affidavit filed in another case , the government disclosed that the FBI undercover agent had actually ‘ traveled to Garland , Texas , and was present … at the event . ' ”
“ The undercover FBI agent , ” “ 60 Minutes ” said , “ was in a car directly behind Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi when they started shooting . This cell-phone photo of school security guard Bruce Joiner and police officer Greg Stevens was taken by the undercover agent seconds before the attack . ”
Cooper speculated , “ If this attack had gone a different way , and lots of people had been killed , would the fact that an undercover FBI agent was on the scene have become essentially a scandal ? ”
Geller told WND the behavior regarding the FBI agent at the scene of the crime reflected the Obama administration 's overall attitude .
“ The Obama administration steadfastly pursued unreality and fantasy with regard to Islam , ” she said .
Geller said the Garland attack essentially was an ISIS attack on American soil .
Geller 's on-air comments :
“ To allow the attack to go off without any team in place when you had a world leader there , ” she continued .
In attendance was Geert Wilders , who now leads the second-largest political party in the Netherlands and could become prime minister .
“ We were targeted , ” Geller said . “ There was an assassination attempt , and they did nothing . What did they hope was going to happen ? ”
Geller has been warning about the creeping influence of Islam in America and the West for years . Through her role as president of the American Freedom Defense Initiative , she has run advertisements in the public transportation systems of major American cities such as New York , Chicago and Washington , D.C. She is the founder , editor and publisher of the Geller Report , a website that consolidates news from around the world on Muslim terrorism and acquiescence to Islam in Western nations .
Her columns can be found at WND .
See Pamela Geller 's books , including “ Stop the Islamization of America , ” in the WND Superstore .
NEW YORK -- It certainly did n't take long for MLS to find four more expansion teams .
League Commissioner Don Garber today announced four new expansion teams , and they 're all set for the Big Apple . Brooklyn FC , Woking FC New York , Monster Staten Island and The Football Club of the City , County and State of New York will all begin play in the coming years and will all be located in New York City .
`` For too long New Yorkers have n't had a team to call their own , '' Garber said at a press conference this afternoon . `` Residents of this great city deserve an MLS team and , quite frankly , asking them to go see the Newark Red Bull Stars , let alone think about that train wreck of an organization , is far , far beneath them . ''
Brooklyn FC will begin play in 2016 and , in a drastic change of league ownership policy , the team will sell shares to individuals living in the borough of Brooklyn . The team , initial shareholders say , will focus on playing `` artisinal , '' `` locally sourced '' soccer . The team will also strive to be `` gluten free , '' though team officials were n't yet sure if that was possible .
`` Residents of this great city deserve an MLS team and , quite frankly , asking them to go see the Newark Red Bull Stars , let alone think about that train wreck of an organization , is far , far beneath them . '' -Don Garber
`` Major League Soccer is thrilled to welcome a team that will , certainly , have the league 's most insufferable fan base , '' Garber said . `` You thought Sounders and Timbers fans were bad ? Wait until this team comes into the league and it 's fans not only own the team , but have a smug sense of superiority because they pay $ 3,000 a month to live in an apartment so small even North Korea thinks it 's a human rights abuse . ''
Joining the Brooklyn side in 2016 is Woking FC New York , the New York branch of English Conference National side Woking FC , a side from suburban London .
`` New York is truly a great sports town , '' said Woking FC Chairman Mike Smith . `` When we learned that an MLS was engaged in a desperate , shortsighted rush to pack as many teams into New York as possible because to try and gain relevance in that area instead of working with existing teams , we jumped on it .. ''
Reportedly , Woking FC New York is already looking at bringing in the parent club 's 35-year-old Seychellen midfielder Kevin Betsy as the team 's first designated player .
The third team announced , Monster Staten Island , will play in the city 's southernmost borough . While the team will not being play until 2017 Monster Beverage CEO Rodney Sacks is already excited at the prospect of his MLS side taking the field .
`` SOCCER ! WE 'RE GOING TO USE OUR FEET ! SCORE GOALS ! FUCK YEAH ! '' Sacks screamed , energy drink dribbling down his chin .
Sacks drove an electric green monster truck adorned with a large , stylized `` M '' on the sides through the wall of MLS headquarters mid-press conference , where he addressed reporters by screaming from the truck 's driver seat .
`` RED BULL GIVES YOU WINGS ? WELL MONSTER GIVES YOU BALLS . HUGE BALLS , '' he yelled at the assembled press . `` AND A GIANT DICK . ''
Sacks punctuating his remarks by screaming `` SOCCER '' before making a loud , unintelligible , guttural noise , fist-pumping and speeding away .
In the past , teams were required to have both a stadium plan in place and make a substantial investment in the form of an expansion fee before entering the league . However , none of the aforementioned teams have satisfied either criteria , said league sources who declined to be identified .
The most egregious case is that of The Football Club of the City , County and State of New York ( TFCCCSNY ) , where in addition to lacking a stadium plan and payment of an expansion fee , no owner has been found . Garber said the plan was to have everything place further down the line , as the situation was too good to pass up .
The plan , the league commissioner said , was to have TFCCCSNY play in a stadium suspended 2,000 feet above the island of Manhattan by helicopters .
`` Unless I was missing some kind of social cue , both mayoral candidates , Joe Lhota and Bill de Blasio , have voiced unequivocal support for the plan , '' Garber said . `` I mean , i 'm not the best with sarcasm , but they both said they would personally make that plan happen and that it was way too good a chance to pass up . They both seemed really , really sincere about it . ''
- - -
The above is clearly a work of fiction .
Recent revelations about the NSA 's broad surveillance of German phone and Internet communications have fueled major concerns in the country , as Federal Prosecutors say they are preparing criminal charges against US and British spies involved .
Hessian prosecutors were the first to receive complaints about the matter , but that is likely to grow precipitously after German media outlets reported the US surveillance has collected more than half a billion phone calls and emails per month in Germany alone .
Though broad internal surveillance is also an issue in the US , the NSA 's policies do n't make spying on Germans illegal as such . The US lists Canada , Britain , Australia and New Zealand as “ second party ” nations exempt from surveillance , but considers Germany fair game . The program also explicitly targeted European Union diplomats .
Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger said the US policy was “ beyond comprehension , ” and said that such “ Cold War ” methods were unacceptable toward allies . Officials are urging the EU to take direct action to stop the surveillance .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Two workshops have opened their doors within the premises of the boarding home so that the mentally challenged children could develop their creativity . A wood-processing workshop is aimed at the boys , while the girls have the chance to learn how to make ceramics . St Elisabeth Convent bought and mounted the equipment and furniture for these workshops . These workshops contribute to the development of labour skills of the children who stay in the boarding school and help to find a solution for the problem of their labour rehabilitation . When their treatment in the boarding home is over , the graduates will be able to use the skills they have learned for employment . On the other hand , the opportunity to make a product and to see the results of their work allows the patients of the boarding home to feel that they are useful and valuable for the society . The products that the children make are sold by the sisters during fairs organized by the Convent and the money they generate buys the children gifts and sweets .
Keane opened the scoring with a solo goal from the halfway line
Hosts Republic of Ireland won the inaugural Carling Nations Cup thanks to Robbie Keane 's winner against Scotland .
Phil Bardsley had forced a fine save from Irish goalkeeper Shay Given before the home side 's 23rd-minute winner .
Keane was allowed to advance from his own half to the edge of the box before his low drive slipped under the body of Scotland goalkeeper Allan McGregor .
Kenny Miller was denied a penalty and then forced a fine instinctive save from Given as Scotland pressed late on .
But it was the Irish who claimed the victory to end with a 100 % record in the new tournament after earlier defeats of Northern Ireland and Wales .
Both sides made four changes following midweek victories that left them joint top of the table with six points each .
Winger James Forrest was handed his Scotland debut , while fellow 19-year-old Grant Hanley started for the first time , with fit-again Bardsley joining the Blackburn man in defence and Barry Robson in midfield .
Scotland were missing the experienced Gary Caldwell and the in-form James Morrison through injury , while Ross McCormack and Stephen Crainey dropped out .
Forrest ( left ) won his first cap for Scotland in Dublin
Republic boss Giovanni Trapattoni added the experience of Darren O'Dea , Keith Fahey , Stephen Hunt and Liam Lawrence in preparation for next week 's Euro 2012 qualifier in Macedonia .
Damien Delaney , Kevin Foley , Seamus Coleman and Keith Treacy were the unlucky men to drop out despite the 5-0 thrashing of Northern Ireland .
The strengthened Republic side settled first and , when Simon Cox evaded a couple of challenges in the box following a corner , Charlie Adam was in the way to block the dangerous , low cross-come-shot .
Scotland responded on the break and Adam sent a drive whizzing just over the crossbar from 20 yards .
Bardsley went one better with a blistering effort from all of 30 yards that veteran goalkeeper Shay Given turned on to the bar and over for a corner .
However , it was the Irish who took the lead , thanks in part to Scottish slackness .
Paul McShane shrugged off the challenges of Steven Naismith and Forrest before releasing Keane , who advanced from just inside his own half to the edge of the penalty box before releasing a powerful low drive .
It looked close enough to McGregor for the goalkeeper to block , but it somehow squeezed under the Rangers man 's body for captain Keane 's 49th goal for his country .
Miller was inches away from connecting with a Robson cross that flashed across the Irish goalmouth , while Adam and Naismith tested Given with shots straight at the goalkeeper .
However , the first-half ended with the Irish in front and seemingly happy to defend their lead .
Scotland were caught out shortly after the break by a clever Stephen Hunt free-kick that found Cox rolling clear of marker Robson , but the West Brom striker 's low drive powered across the six-yard box and wide .
The Irish were looking increasingly comfortable and Keith Andrews flashed a 22-yard free-kick a foot over the crossbar .
Scotland lost playmaker Adam , who had been an injury doubt before the game , but the arrival of Barry Bannan as his replacement after 62 minutes breathed new life into the visitors .
Forrest missed a great opportunity for a scoring debut when Robson 's deep cross found the Celtic winger on the edge of the six-yard box and the teenager volleyed wide .
Miller was booked for his protestations as the Scotland captain was manhandled by Hunt inside the six-yard box and claimed for a penalty .
Naismith squandered another chance when he swiped wide a Chris Maguire cross from eight yards then Given produced a fine point-blank save from a Miller overhead kick .
Scotland were now well on top , but Miller curled a shot centimetre wide after breaking clear and holding off his marker as the Republic survived to claim a hard-fought victory .
Republic of Ireland : Given , McShane , O'Dea ( Foley 66 ) , Kelly , Ward , Lawrence ( Coleman 62 ) , Andrews , Fahey , Hunt , Keane ( Treacy 83 ) , Cox . Subs Not Used : Forde , Randolph , Delaney , Keogh , St . Ledger .
Booked : McShane , Fahey , Foley , Andrews .
Goals : Keane 23 .
Scotland : McGregor , Whittaker , Hanley , Berra , Bardsley , Forrest ( McCormack 85 ) , Brown , Adam ( Bannan 63 ) , Robson ( Maguire 75 ) , Naismith , Miller . Subs Not Used : Gilks , Turner , McArthur , Caldwell , Wilson , Martin .
Booked : Adam , Miller
Att : 17,694
Ref : Mark Whitby ( Wales )
On Wednesday 's Deadline : White House program on MSNBC , host Nicolle Wallace wondered if Republicans are `` reaping what they sowed '' from supporting Donald Trump for President , and suggested that GOPers have so far not been showing `` a conscience and a soul '' in standing by the President .
The MSNBC Republican made her comments during a discussion of revelations that President Trump had made a secret deal with Democrats on the debt ceiling as most Republicans would have preferred to negotiate restraint on spending growth .
The MSNBC host turned to fellow MSNBC Republican Elise Jordan a 4:28 p.m . ET and posed :
And , Elise , does this sort of , I mean , are Republicans reaping what they sowed ? I mean , they , in the views of a lot of folks who were waving the red flag and jumping up and down , screaming at the top of their lungs , people like Jeb Bush , people who is a sort of saw the warning signs , they all but predicted this would happen . He was addicted to chaos , that he believed in nothing , and that there was no sort of policy plan for making America great . It really was simply a slogan .
Jordan began :
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Well , and you look at the divide between those who also chose to attach themselves to him in hopes that , `` Well , he will be a Republican in name President , and we can get some of our pet projects and initiatives through . '' So far , that just has n't been happening . And I 'm kind of haunted by what Ashley Parker repeated from what she 's been hearing from her sources , that now Republicans feel like they have freedom to what 's right .
She then chided Republicans as she added : `` Well , there has been a long amount of time where there 's been the freedom to do what 's right . I 'm glad that now that it 's not politically expedient that maybe that 's going to be ( INAUDIBLE ) . ''
Wallace then took a further swipe at the GOP as she injected : `` It 's called a conscience and a soul . ''
LONDON , Nov 18 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - An army of religious sisters who rescue victims of human trafficking by posing as prostitutes to infiltrate brothels and buying children being sold into slavery , is expanding to 140 countries , its chairman said on Wednesday .
John Studzinski , an investment banker and philanthropist who chairs Talitha Kum , said the network of 1,100 sisters currently operates in about 80 countries but the demand for efforts to combat trafficking and slavery was rising globally .
The group , set up in 2004 , estimates one percent of the world 's population is trafficked in some form , which translates into some 73 million people . Of those , 70 percent are women and half are aged 16 or younger .
“ I 'm not trying to be sensational but I 'm trying to underscore the fact this is a world that has lost innocence ... where dark forces are active , ” said Studzinski , a vice chairman of U.S. investment bank The Blackstone Group .
“ These are problems caused by poverty and equality but it goes well beyond that , ” he told the Trust Women Conference on women 's rights and trafficking hosted by the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
Detailing some cases involving trafficking and slavery , Studzinski said the treatment of some victims was horrific .
He told of one woman enslaved as a prostitute who was locked up for a week without food , forced to eat own her faeces , when she failed to have sex with a target of 12 clients a day .
In another extreme case , one woman was forced to have sex with a group of 10 men at the same time .
Studzinski said the religious sisters working to combat trafficking would go to all lengths to rescue women , often dressing up as prostitutes and going out on the street to integrate themselves into brothels .
“ These sisters do not trust anyone . They do not trust governments , they do not trust corporations , and they do n't trust the local police . In some cases they can not trust male clergy , ” he said , adding that the low-key group preferred to focus on their rescue work rather than promotion .
“ They work in brothels . No one knows they are there . ”
The sisters were also proactive on trying to save children being sold into slavery by their parents , setting up a network of homes in Africa as well as in the Philippines , Brazil and India to shelter such children .
He said the religious sisters of Talitha Kum raised money to purchase these children .
“ This is a new network of houses for children around the world who would otherwise be sold into slavery . It is shocking but it is real , ” he said .
Studzinski said the network of religious sisters , that was in the process of expanding , also targeted slavery in the supply chain with sisters shedding their habits and working alongside locals for as little as 2 U.S. cents an hour to uncover abuses .
He said Talitha Kum , which translated from Aramaic means arise child , was now being hired by companies to see what is going on with respect to the supply chain and expanding globally would help address this issue .
“ You ca n't generalize about trafficking and slavery as no two countries are the same , ” Studzinski said . ( Reporting by Ellen Wulfhorst , Editing by Belinda Goldsmith ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , trafficking , corruption and climate change . Visit www.trust.org )
Jesse 's complete Journey to Un'Goro card predictions For predictions on the power level of all 135 Un'Goro cards , check out Jesse 's spreadsheet here . It 's got ratings and reasonings for every card in the set .
The Hearthstone design team have outdone themselves with Journey to Un'goro . While it 's impossible to say for sure until we get our hands on the cards this Thursday , there are so many novel mechanics being introduced as part of this set that it 's hard to not get excited about the new options coming to the game . Coupled with the Standard rotation , the meta looks certain to see its big ges t shake up since the vanilla days .
All these new mechanics and keywords make my task—card power prediction—very difficult . Specifically , the upcoming Quests offer access to some of the most powerful cards the game has ever seen , but can not be evaluated outside of the decks in which they are likely to be played . This means I need to predict not only which of the Quests is going to be good , but also what the decks built around them might look like . Challenging , certainly , but not impossible . For fun , I 've divided the Quests into the good , the bad , and the ... interesting . Let 's start with the ones that look certain to be strong .
[ Warning ! All quests come with an inherent weakness : reducing the number of cards in your mulligan . It is possible the quest strategy is weak in general because of that issue , as it can affect the reliability of your deck ]
The Good
Fire Plume 's Heart ( Warrior ) :
A very straightforward quest : play seven Taunt creatures and turn your hero power into the 8-damage RNG of Ragnaros . You even get a 4/2 weapon too as the flaming cherry on top .
I think this might be the best quest in the set for a few reasons . First , it 's already something Warrior wants to do . The class has several strong taunts and just received many more . Importantly , this Quest provides one of the best late-game win conditions in the game , which fits the attrition-based nature of the class . Crucially , as the control deck , you now get to build your list without needing to include many clunky , high-cost cards because your win condition is the Quest payoff ( not unlike the old version of Elise , but better ) . This allows you to have a much stronger early-game presence and still win with value in the late game . With new strong taunts containing both Beast and Dragon tags , Curator lists will no doubt be tried as well for ultimate value .
Possible deck list
Awaken the Makers ( Priest ) :
Another straightforward quest , play seven Deathrattle minions and get 40 health and an 8/8 Taunt in return . Like Reno , but better .
Much like the Warrior quest , Deathrattle decks already come with a powerful late-game value win condition in the form of N'zoth . This increases the attractiveness of building a deck capable of surviving until that point and Amara can accomplish just that . Coupled with the new deathrattle minions that provide both defense and value for Priest—and then do it again when they 're brought back to life—Priest looks to have a solid foundation for realizing such a strategy . That said , this list initially posed some deck-building challenges , as many of the strongest deathrattle minions are found in Wild ( where this Quest will assuredly be a powerhouse ) .
I did n't become more confident in it for Standard until I realized that several of the new viable deathrattle minions also fit the Elemental theme . The inclusion of an Elemental package provides what looks to be a much stronger early defensive and mid-game tempo punch . In turn , this also makes the new Radiant Elemental look attractive , finally giving Priest access to the two-drop it 's always needed .
Possible deck list
The Average
The Marsh Queen ( Hunter ) :
Play seven one-cost minions , get an 8/8 for 5-Mana and a deck full of cycling raptors . Miracle Hunter time ?
There are two routes to go in completing this quest : fill your deck with one-cost minions to try and complete it guaranteed by turns 5 or 6 or try a more midrange approach that still plays a lot of ones drops to complete it eventually . I feel the latter route puts one at a disadvantage as you wo n't reliably complete the quest quickly while still having many low-value draws in your deck . The net result is running out of gas before getting Queen Carnassa too often , so I 'm currently favoring the former design : play lots of cheap minions , go face , and try to close the game with hero power damage . One weakness of the strategy is playing the quest on turn 1 instead of a minion in such a highly-aggressive deck . Another weakness is the vulnerability of your board to AoE at all points .
Possible deck list
Unite the Murlocs ( Shaman ) :
Summon 10 Murlocs to get another 8/8 for 5 that draws you lots more murlocs . Talk about gas in the tank .
Murloc decks have historically been a very all-in , aggressive strategy that benefits from on-board synergy , so this quest suffers from the same problem as the Hunter one : playing the quest on one instead of a minion . Nevertheless , Shaman did receive some strong support for Unite the Murlocs in the form of Primalfin Totem and Rockpool Hunter , giving it a more solid foundation . Also worth noting is that the vulnerability to AoE murloc decks usually have is offset ( somewhat ) by to reload provided by Megafin . A more practical issue with this strategy is that elemental-based Shaman decks might just be better if you want to win without goofing around with the fish folk .
Possible deck list
The bad
Lakkari Sacrifice ( Warlock ) :
Discard six cards to get a 5-mana portal that summons two Flame Imps at the end of your turn . Welcome to Value Town !
There are two major problems with this quest . First , Discard cards have anti-synergy with each other ( Doomguard is bad when it discards Doomguard… ) and they also have anti-synergy with your hand size . After playing a few Discard cards , you 'll quickly find your hand empty unless you manage to stick a Malchezaar 's Imp or are holding the new Clutchmother legendary . This means you may find yourself frequently tapping just to have more cards to discard , which does n't feel good . Even if you do manage to complete the quest , it takes a lot of time to accrue value from it , which is at odds with what your deck wants to do : if you 're Zoo , you 're not playing the value game ( or a Quest on turn 1 ) , but if you 're midrange/control you do n't want to decimate your hand . Cruel Dinomancer might look like an appealing option for these lists , but for a sticky six-mana minion you 'd want it to be at least as strong as the alternative : Cairne Bloodhoof . Unless you discard a big minion and RNG it back ( which you will be unlikely to do ) , Dinomancer would n't make the cut .
Possible deck list
The Last Kaleidosaur ( Paladin ) :
Cast six spells on your minions for a 5/5 for 5-Mana that Adapts five times . Ironically , that 's only four 5s .
The good part about this quest is that the reward itself is capable of closing out a game in a single turn . With the right combinations of Adapt buffs , you could get a minion with Stealth , Windfury , and up to 14 attack ( which you can then cast additional buffs on next turn ) . Since that can win games on its own , the best strategy is likely to get Galvadon online as soon as possible and just win the game with it , meaning you want lots of cheap buffs , cheap minions to stick them to , and Divine Favor for reload . Paladin did get some support for this plan so it might just be viable as long as you do n't get Devolved , Frozen , blocked by Taunts , run out of gas before completing the quest , hit the wrong Adapt effects , or get killed before you can pull it off . Easy .
Possible deck list
Jungle Giants ( Druid ) :
Summon five minions with 5 or more attack to get a 5-Mana 8/8 that reduces the cost of all other minions in your deck to 0. Who needs to ramp when you do n't need Mana ?
This is a quest that sounds a lot better if you misread the reward as reducing the cost of all your minions , rather than just the ones in your deck . Because it does n't hit your hand you can not save up combo minions and use this quest as a better Aviana . If there are any combos you 're thinking about pulling off with this quest , you better hope you do n't draw the large combo pieces first or you 're out of luck . The best bet for this quest is to try and complete it , then cast a Sourish for a huge tempo push , which does n't sound all that appealing when combo druid lists are already struggling . The Druid forecast is for another few months of Jade .
Possible deck list
The Interesting
Open the Waygate ( Mage ) :
Play six spells that did n't start in your deck and get an extra turn for 5 manas . Let 's do the Time Warp again !
If a control/freeze mage is to survive after the loss of Ice Lance , this is how it will happen . The extra turn allows for all sort of burst combos , the most appealing of which looks to be dropping two ( or more ) Arcane Giants followed by Alexstrasza on the free turn to set up the kill . The rest of the list can be devoted to accumulating value spells that were n't in your deck , AoE , and burn . With so many powerful board-control options available , there might be enough sustain here to make it to the combo turn , but you might also end up with too many clunky , random spells you ca n't utilize effectively at the expense of real card draw ( which you need to find the combo pieces ) . Also , you lose to control Warrior for sure , but what 's new in the world of control Mage ?
Alternatively , you might want to consider a tempo mage list with a more proactive game plan . The extra turn can be useful for pushing that last bit of damage to close out the game , making it less essential but also making your plan more difficult to disrupt .
Possible deck list
Bonus possible deck list
The Caverns Below ( Rogue ) :
Play four minions with the same name and turn all your minions into 5/5s forever . You really can not stop the Kvaldir this time .
If you want to win , there are probably better Rogue strategies to use . This Quest is probably not good . That said , this Quest also poses one of the greatest deckbuilding challenges and so is likely to attracts a lot of interest , especially from Rogue main hipsters . The reward allows you to fill your deck with low-cost minions that have useful Battlecry effects and cards to help you recycle them , creating a toolbox of potential value . If you manage to stall long enough to pull off the reward , you can quickly flood the board with obscene amounts of stats and close out the game in a turn or two . That 's a big if , but innovators can always dream bigger .
Ramayana is said to be the Soul of Bharat , the united Bharat extending from today 's Afghanistan to Vietnam . Over millennia , Srimad Ramayana stood for the ultimate pursuit of every Bharatiya to be like Sri Rama , embodiment of Dharma . Given that Sanatana Hindu Dharma emphasized on punar-janma ( rebirth ) , every Bharatiya took each lifetime as a step towards self-realization , which is becoming the Atman that is Sri Rama ( TatTvamAsi ) .
The origin of Ramayana maha-kavya itself is worth learning about . In a conversation with sage Narada , maharishi Valmiki asks if there exists ( currently ) a person with 16 virtues or characteristics ( Balakanda 1-1-2 to 1-1-5 ) ; considered representing a self-realized embodiment of Dharma . To that question Narada answers affirmatively and briefly narrates the story of Sri Kausalya-putra Rama , son of Dasaradha . Then Brahma proposes maharishi Valmiki narrates the story of Sri Rama in detail , which leads Valmiki to write the story of that Dasaradha Rama as Ramayana ( Rama + Ayana = Journey of Rama ) .
At this point , it is important to note that Kausalya-putra Dasaradha Rama was not the first Rama of Bharatiya puranic lore . There were many Ramas before Dasaradha Rama . In fact , there was a Renuka-putra Jamadagni Rama ( famously known as Parasu Rama ) , who was also an avatar of Sri Vishnu and a chiranjivi ( immortal ) , who would live till end of time ( this sweta-varaha kalpa ) . But none of their autobiography will ever be called Ramayana in Bharatiya puranic lore .
If Ramayana ( Rama + Ayana ) means Rama 's journey , why ca n't the journey of any and every Rama be Ramayana ? It can be in a literal sense . But that will lead to two problems . First , it will lead to plagiarism of Valmiki 's intellectual property . Secondly , it will be an Asuric-wart on Bharatiya civilization . If an author persists to do it , it reflects the author 's prejudices not Ramayana nor Bharatiya civilization .
Then what is the essence of Valmiki Ramayana ? Bharatiya Rishis used two tools to explain a scripture 's essence or purpose . First tool is called “ Anubandha Chatushthaya ” , which explains
Adhikara – the required qualification of a reader of that scripture Vishaya – The object or body of knowledge presented in the book Prayojana – The purpose or result the reader would get out of the book Sambandha – how the reader is expected to approach the body of knowledge in the book
The second tool is phala-shruti of a given scripture . For example , Valmiki explains the phala-shruti of Ramayana in shlokas 6-128-108 thru 6-128-125 . Interested minds can read .
Many seekers , poets and authors took inspiration from Valmiki Ramayana and retold that story in their own words and prejudices . We can group all these non-Valmiki Ramayanas into two groups . First group authors merely retold Valmiki Ramayana as a celebration of Sri Rama without altering the Anubandha Chatushthaya . Few examples of these Ramayanas are Agastya Ramayana , RamaCharitaManas by Sant Tulasi Das , Kamba Ramayana in Tamil , Ramayana Kalpavriksha by Sri Viswanatha Satyanarayana in Telugu etc . It is important for readers to note that such Ramayanas exist even outside todays nation-state called Bharat .
The second group of Ramayana are distortions of Ramayana to fit into a non-Hindu religious or ideological perspective . Examples of these Ramayanas are Dasaradha Jataka in Buddhism , Paumachariyam in Jainism and a communist distortion of Ramayana called Ramayana Visha-vriksha by Muppalla Ranganayakamma in Telugu .
Perhaps an analogy would help understand these distortions of Ramayana . Imagine a sugar-cane juice center on the roadside , a common scene on Bharatiya roads . Often it is a family enterprise ; a woman acting as table-server and running cash counter while her husband runs the hand-operated sugar-cane mill to extract juice . We can observe all kinds of people in such a shop ; all came to enjoy the juice but make different observations .
Few enjoy the juice as if it is amruta , oblivious to the surroundings ; few ogle at the beautiful woman at the counter ; few others jealously wonder how much profit this family must be making ; few feel disgusted at the not-so pristine environment ; few others get upset at the socio-economic exploitation of this poor family ; a beggar hopes to attract the magnitude of the shop-owners for a free juice , and so on . But the family running the shop are detached from all these feelings , unless expressed aggressively , as they are busy with their swadharma .
Similarly , Valmiki 's Ramayana swadharma is its Anubandha Chatushthaya . Any translation or re-rendering of Ramayana that honored the original Anubandha Chatushthaya is considered as Swa-Ramayana ( our Ramayana ) by Bharatiya civilization and celebrated as thus .
Any Ramayana that distorted this Anubandha Chatushthaya of Valmiki is considered as para-Ramayana ( not Ramayana ) by Bharatiya civilization even if it tells the story of that very Kausalya putra Dasaradha Rama . Reading a para-Ramayana is like a seeker eating the sugar-cane trash without juice in the above analogy .
Thanks to triple colonization of Bharat by Islam , Christianity and Secularism , a new wave of Ramayanas are being unleashed on Bharatiya consciousness . These renderings are neither the stories of Kausalya-putra Sri Rama , nor they honor the Anubandha Chatushthaya of Valmiki Ramayana . They are stories of non Bharatiya individuals packaged as Ramayana with a single motivation to distort and confuse . If there ever was another hero like Sri Rama , who demonstrated the 16 virtues described by Valmiki , it is our dharmic duty to recognize those individuals as avataras of Vishnu in their own names without any shame . If they do not demonstrate those qualities , then applying Ramayana name is nothing but plagiarism of Valmiki 's work and insulting Sanatana Hindu Dharma .
There is little one can do to stop such deceptive , unethical authors from plagiarizing Ramayana , our Bharatiya dharmic and cultural heritage . It does not matter if the author is erudite or even Veda-acharya . Almost all of our Puranic asuras , such as Trishira and Ravana were great Veda panditas themsevels , but were killed as they misinterpreted , mis-lived Veda vangmaya .
However , we can warn the readers on avoiding such distortions and ku-panditas .
As individuals do a critical study of Dharma , thru Ramayana or other Sanatana Dharmic scriptures , there will be two outcomes . One is the seeker gets results of their pursuit ( called Tapas if done individually and Yajna if done collectively ) in physical , conscious and causal realms . This also includes the impact of the seeker 's pursuit on surroundings ( environment , society and other seekers ) . Mind you , a wrong seeker can get right followers and vice-versa . In the past , a seeker either did n't share his/her methods and observations until one got Siddhi ( fulfillment ) or concluded their pursuit for lack of Siddhi . Few shared their failed methods and failures as a warning to others .
In the current era , the environment and tools ( such as internet and social media ) permit a seeker to share their study and methods in real time as they plan , prepare and do their pursuit . We ca n't be sure if this is a good or bad thing , but it is very important ( for the followers ) to know that the seeker is still on their own journey and have n't concluded their pursuit or got Siddhi . Another important fact to note is that many followers are following a seeker while the seeker himself/herself is in the journey without knowing to what purpose the pursuit is , at what stage the pursuit is , for how long it will continue and to where it goes and so on .
This is like people running behind Forrest Gump in that famous Hollywood movie . One fine day the seeker ( Forrest Gump – a humble person literally running away from his own fears ) will stop running and goes home leaving his followers standing confused on a road to nowhere .
Swasti !
-By @ RamaY_BRF
( This article first appeared at http : //bharata-bhuti.blogspot.in/2017/03/swa-para-ramayanas.html and is being reproduced with the permission of the author )
Disclaimer : This article represents the opinions of the Author , and the Author is responsible for ensuring the factual veracity of the content . HinduPost will not be responsible for the accuracy , completeness , suitability , or validity of any information , contained herein .
Did you like this article ? We 're a non-profit . Make a donation and help pay for our journalism .
In what was expected to be a tight , three-way race in Egmont and one of the most hotly contested ridings in the country , Liberal Bobby Morrissey has won a huge victory over incumbent Conservative cabinet minister Gail Shea .
Morrissey was declared winner by CBC News , with initial results indicating he took 49.3 per cent of the popular vote . The results wo n't be made official by Elections Canada for several days .
Shea , who had sought a third term in Egmont , only captured 29 per cent of the votes . In 2011 , Shea garnered more than 54 per cent , nearly 4,400 votes over the Liberals .
There 's no question there was a strong anti-Harper sentiment . - Liberal Bobby Morrissey
She admitted Stephen Harper 's unpopularity worked against her .
`` I heard it on the doorsteps , and I expected it to have an impact on the campaign , '' Shea said .
`` You know , Stephen Harper is running for his fourth mandate , so people have an appetite for change , obviously here in Atlantic Canada ... As far as I 'm concerned , we have delivered a lot for Prince Edward Island and Atlantic Canada . But I guess that was n't top of people 's minds . ''
'My priority is delivering to the people in Egmont '
Harper 's changes to employment insurance did n't affect her campaign , said Shea .
Gail Shea admits anti-Harper sentiments affected her campaign . ( Kerry Campbell/CBC )
`` The actual changes to EI that we made will actually put a million dollars more in recipients ' pockets here on Prince Edward Island , so it was more the misinformation campaign . ''
Morrissey , meanwhile , said the Harper factor helped him win .
`` One of the things that resonated very well with voters across Egmont was the Liberal Party platform that I was really proud to run on . It spoke to the issues in the riding , '' he said .
`` There 's no question there was a strong anti-Harper sentiment and a desire for change , that was a big part of it . ''
Morrissey credits his `` tremendous campaign team '' for his win .
`` It 's still sinking in . Just an awesome group of volunteers that set an agenda to start and stayed focused on it and knew what our objective was . And we 're seeing the results tonight , '' he said .
`` My priority is delivering to the people in Egmont . It 's always been my priority . ''
Liberal Robert Morrissey won the federal riding of Egmont by a wide margin over incumbent Conservative Gail Shea . 1:16
Backgrounds in provincial politics
Shea served seven years under premier Pat Binns , before switching gears and running federally in 2008 . By doing so , she ended a 28-year Liberal reign in the riding and made history by becoming the first P.E.I . woman to be named to the federal cabinet .
Over the years , she has served as minister of several portfolios including fisheries and oceans , national revenue and as head of the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency .
Shea decided to run again this year although there was speculation she would retire .
`` I gave it a lot of thought because , you know , after six elections , and next year would be 20 years since I first ran in 1996 , so that 's a long time in politics . It takes a lot away from your family . A lot of time , ''
`` I thought there was a lot at stake that the other two parties were putting forward in some of the platforms . I guess it 's not something that I would choose to run on . ''
Morrissey , who also got his start in politics on the provincial stage , was first elected to the P.E.I . Legislature in 1982 and served as an MLA for 20 years . In 2000 , he left politics to join the private sector .
He was nominated as the Liberal candidate in Egmont in the 2008 election following the retirement of incumbent Liberal MP Joe McGuire . However , he withdrew his candidacy during the campaign .
This time around , he said ending Harper 's run was the most important issue for voters . He called employment insurance changes an `` attack on the seasonally employed . ''
NDP candidate Herb Dickieson returned to the political arena after 15 years focusing on his family life and medical practice . Dickieson , who stands as the first and only NDP member to serve in the P.E.I . Legislature , from 1996 to 2000 , took 19.2 per cent of the popular vote in today 's election .
Artist , playwright and former CBC broadcaster Nil Ling wanted to bring `` revolutionary '' ideas to the campaign , but did n't expect to win . He received 2.5 per cent of the votes .
MLBTR is publishing Offseason Outlooks for all 30 teams . Click here for the other entries in this series .
After a season that was destroyed by injuries , the Angels will attempt to assemble a healthier , more competitive team for 2017 .
Guaranteed Contracts
Arbitration Eligible Players ( service time in parentheses ; projections via MLB Trade Rumors )
Contract Options
Yunel Escobar , IF : $ 7MM or $ 1M buyout
Free Agents
You 've heard the Angels ' sob story by now . They suffered a rash of injuries early in 2016 that effectively ruined their season , forcing them to lean on questionable starters like Tim Lincecum in a desperate effort to find someone , anyone , who could take the ball every fifth day . They have Albert Pujols signed to a toxic contract . And they have a thin collection of prospects that , before the season , ESPN 's Keith Law ( Insider-only ) described as “ by far the worst system I 've ever seen. ” Woe is the Angels , woe be Mike Trout , and woe be GM Billy Eppler , who took the job last October .
Or so it would appear . Without a doubt , the Angels have problems . But their situation is more complex than their 74-88 2016 season and terrible farm system make it seem . The worst might be over , and the team can take big steps this winter toward a much-needed reboot .
The Angels ' poor 2016 performance was due in large part to a pitching staff that , by advanced metrics like xFIP and SIERA , ranked with the Reds as one of the league 's worst . That staff should be much better next season . Garrett Richards , who pitched just 34 2/3 innings in 2016 , appears to be healthy after opting for stem cell treatments rather than surgery to rehab his torn UCL . It 's far from certain dodging Tommy John will work out for him , or that he 'll return to his earlier form , but the news so far is promising . Tyler Skaggs , too , could pitch a full season after missing all of 2015 and most of 2016 due to arm trouble . The 2017 Angels already appear to have more healthy rotation talent than the 2016 team did , and that 's before even making a move .
Then there are Jered Weaver and C.J . Wilson , who made a combined $ 40MM in 2016 . Neither helped the team — Weaver spent the season on a futile quest to prevent opposing hitters from smashing 83-MPH fastballs to smithereens ( although he deserves some credit for soaking up 178 innings despite his velocity troubles ) , and Wilson was hurt . They 'll both be free agents , and their departures will give the Angels considerable payroll flexibility , as they 'll only have about $ 125MM in payroll commitments for 2017 ( including their arbitration-eligible players ) compared to $ 165MM last season . In the recent past , they 've limited payroll in an effort to stay beneath the luxury-tax threshold ; it 's not entirely clear where the threshold will be next year , but it is clear the Angels will be comfortably beneath it before they begin shopping .
This is , unfortunately , not a good offseason to go hunting for pitching help , which the Angels will still need even if we make the tenuous assumption that Richards and Skaggs will be fully healthy . Those two could join Matt Shoemaker and Ricky Nolasco in the Angels ' 2017 rotation , but the team still needs a starter , or maybe two . The best starters the organization has who have n't yet been mentioned here are Andrew Heaney and Nick Tropeano , who are both likely to miss the 2017 season after having Tommy John surgery . And the team 's farm system seems unlikely to produce much in the way of starting pitching help , or to give it much currency to acquire a starter on the trade market . The Angels do have lefty Nate Smith at Triple-A , and perhaps Brett Oberholtzer could be an option if he misses Super Two . Alex Meyer is another possibility . But the Angels do n't have much in the way of depth .
That could mean they enter a free agent market headed by Rich Hill , Ivan Nova and Jeremy Hellickson . Alternately , as Jeff Fletcher of the Orange County Register recently suggested , they could use their available funds to take on a bad contract . They 'll have to get creative to make trades , but there should be a variety of pitch available with salaries high enough to limit the prospect cost they 'll take to acquire — someone like Jaime Garcia or Clay Buchholz , who both have 2017 team options , could make sense , or perhaps the Angels could pursue a young veteran like Tom Koehler or Drew Smyly .
The Angels ' position players were productive in 2016 , as any group of hitters led by Mike Trout will tend to be . Trout , Kole Calhoun and Andrelton Simmons give the Angels a formidable core , and the team also seems somewhat settled at third base ( where they 'll almost certainly exercise the option of the productive Yunel Escobar , although perhaps it 's at least faintly possible they could move Escobar to second and try to acquire a third baseman instead ) and 1B/DH ( where they have C.J . Cron and Pujols ' immovable contract ) .
That leaves catcher , second base and one outfield spot . Luckily for the Angels , the markets at those positions are more robust than the starting pitching market . Available catchers include Matt Wieters , Jason Castro and the injured Wilson Ramos . There 's also the chance the Angels could again gamble on Geovany Soto , who missed most of 2016 due to various injuries but was productive when he played . Soto might be an especially good fit for the Angels in that he would likely only require a one-year deal , helping the Angels balance their desire to be competitive in 2017 with the likelihood that they wo n't contend until future seasons . Whoever the Angels end up with , he 'll likely pair with Jett Bandy , who struggled to get on base but otherwise had a reasonably productive rookie season in 2016 .
The second base market is headlined by Neil Walker and Chase Utley , with only Walker requiring what figures to be a significant long-term commitment . It 's surely a long shot , but signing both Utley and either Sean Rodriguez or Steve Pearce would be an interesting outside-the-box move . Rodriguez and Pearce are both right-handed batters who hit well and could be good complements to the lefty-swinging Utley , while also potentially helping the Angels ' outfield situation .
The top prize in the outfield will be Yoenis Cespedes , making the relatively safe assumption that he 'll opt out of his deal with the Mets . The Angels were n't among the top contenders for Cespedes last offseason because of luxury-tax concerns , but that could be different this winter . Jose Bautista , Ian Desmond and Carlos Gomez are also available . A left-handed hitter like Michael Saunders , Josh Reddick , Brandon Moss , Colby Rasmus or Jon Jay , or a switch-hitter like Angel Pagan , could work , since the Angels currently have a righty-heavy lineup . ( The list of current Angels righties also includes former top Mets prospect Jefry Marte , who hit well down the stretch last season and could get playing time in the outfield as needed . ) Former Angels slugger Mark Trumbo will be available after a 47-homer season , but the Angels would do well to avoid him at the price they 're likely to have to pay , since he 's poor defensively and they do n't have space at DH .
The bullpen 's 3.77 ERA in 2016 was merely respectable , and its 4.45 xFIP and 4.15 SIERA indicate that Angels relievers were weaker than their ERAs suggested . Closer Huston Street figures to be healthy after a terrible 2016 season in which he posted a 6.45 ERA in 22 1/3 innings and missed time to oblique and knee problems . It remains to be seen whether he can return to form , given his poor 2016 performance and his velocity , which has declined since 2009 and now rests at around 88 MPH . Cam Bedrosian likewise ended the season on the DL due to a blood clot , but his future appears brighter than Street 's — he had a brilliant 2016 season and figures to be healthy for Spring Training .
The 2017 bullpen should also feature some combination of Jose Alvarez , J.C. Ramirez and Mike Morin , all of whom soaked up innings at least somewhat effectively last season . And , depending on who remains on their 40-man roster once the offseason is through , the Angels will also have a variety of even lower-wattage options to sort through , like Blake Parker , Deolis Guerra , Kirby Yates , Meyer , and lefties Cody Ege , Ashur Tolliver and Greg Mahle .
Parker , Yates , Ege and Tolliver are all recent waiver claims , and the waiver claim has lately been the Angels ' most-used tool to compensate for their lack of farm system depth . The team could continue to tread down that narrow avenue and others like the Rule 5 Draft , which is where they originally got Guerra . It might even work , at least to a degree — Parker , in particular , seems likely to be at least somewhat productive in the big leagues , based on his recent minor league numbers . Still , the Angels will probably want to grab at least one experienced reliever on a big-league deal this offseason , particularly given the uncertainty regarding Street . They might also want to re-sign Andrew Bailey , who pitched well in 12 appearances with the team .
The Angels have many holes . Even if they spend relatively heavily , they are n't likely to adequately fill them all , and it will be awhile before Eppler and his front office can produce enough homegrown talent for the team to start filling talent gaps with farm-raised players . For now , they 'll have to spend money , and be creative where spending on free agents wo n't work . ( The Angels do currently have the last protected pick in the 2017 draft , and therefore wo n't risk losing a farm-system-nourishing first-round pick if they pursue free agents who have been extended qualifying offers . )
The good news is that they have Trout , a player so terrific that the Angels can be competitive if the rest of their players are even adequate . A player who routinely produces nine-win seasons can hide a lot of problems . The 2017 Angels are n't going to be perfect , but Trout alone gives them a solid chance at being decent , and some smart free-agent signings could make them even a bit better than that .
After the Angels ' rash of injuries last year , there was plenty of outside discussion about the team potentially trading Trout . But the speculation went nowhere , and understandably so . It would be extremely difficult for the Angels to get fair value for Trout , for one thing . Also , he only recently turned 25 , and he 'll be under team control for four more seasons . That should be enough time for Eppler to improve the Angels ' talent base . If the team 's big-league core has n't significantly improved in a couple years , the Angels can easily wait to trade Trout then , as long as he stays healthy .
In the meantime , the situation in Anaheim is n't as dire as last season made it look . The team 's farm system is an ongoing problem , and it gives the organization a low floor — injuries ruined the Angels ' 2016 season , and that could happen again next year or in 2018 , because the organization currently does n't have the depth to compensate for them . That 's a serious concern , given that it is n't automatic that Richards will be ready to pitch and pitch well . But with Trout , Calhoun , Simmons , Richards , Shoemaker and Bedrosian aboard , there 's plenty of talent . And with money to spend , it would n't be a surprise if Eppler were able to cobble together another contending team before too long .
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images .
You might now know it by how simple it is to root most Android devices , but the amount of work required to get to the “ one click root ” is often immense . The time spent discovering vulnerabilities in the code and deploying exploit attempts until something finally works is often the result of days of exhaustive work . Even when the exploit is found , the step-by-step instructions that are created often rely on the user knowing exactly how to respond if something goes wrong . Now one developer has created a solution that allows him to root an Android device simply by connecting it to an ingenious box that he created .
XDA developer and long time hardware hacker Adam Outler spends a lot of time on these exploits . So much time , in fact , that he wrote his own scripting language for deploying exploits over the Android Debug Bridge ( ADB ) . The Cross-platform ADB Scripting Unified Android Loader , or CASUAL as he has named it , is a project he has been working on for some time now . CASUAL makes it easier to plug in a device and feed it exploits over ADB , which often provides a much faster root method .
In theory , CASUAL does n't require a screen , mouse , or even a keyboard to operate . If deployed correctly , you should only need to connect a phone with a known exploit to a system running CASUAL , and stand back as the exploit takes place . Outler decided to take this notion one step further , however , by making a headless box that you could just plug a phone into .
The silver box is a Raspberry Pi computer with an Arduino battery backpack , allowing it to be used just about anywhere . The box has five LEDs and a toggle switch on top of the box , and these are used to communicate with the user everything that is going on . When you connect a phone to the RasPi , the LEDs will walk you though connecting to the phone and running the exploits . Finally a pass or fail LED will glow to let you know what has just happened .
During my conversation with Adam Outler , he noted that the success rate of the box is somewhere around 70 % right now . The exploits loaded on the box handle nearly all standard Android firmware versions , and due to the open nature of CASUAL anyone can contribute when they have found new exploits . The box is something anyone can build for themselves , using the Headless mode designed for embedded devices like the Raspberry Pi .
Anyone looking to contribute to this project can head over to the CASUAL google code page .
Faced with the uncertainty of Brexit and many other challenges , Scotland seems to be looking towards the Arctic region for new opportunities . With the prospect of no longer being part of an EU member state and perpetually questioning its place in the United Kingdom , Scotland is now seeking to define itself as a “ Northern ” nation .
Definitions of the Arctic and the North are becoming increasingly blurred . That , in turn , affects debates about who gets a say in regional politics . Non-Arctic states , such as France and Germany , and supranational actors , like the European Union , argue that they are affected by regional developments in the North and should have a say in what is happening there . They want to help protect the Arctic environment but they are also interested in potentially capitalising the results of climate change . Mainly , as the region opens up , its resources and waterways present new economic opportunities .
One arena for regional discussion is the Arctic Circle . According to its website , this is “ the largest network of international dialogue and cooperation on the future of the Arctic ” . Partners include states , sub-states , IGOs and NGOs from around the world .
At the Arctic Circle 's latest meeting in Edinburgh , many of the speeches and maps shown suggested that Scotland is in the North . Sometimes , however , North and Arctic were conflated by presenters . This made Scotland seem more Arctic than it is , which was emphasised repeatedly by delegates talking about Scotland 's links and proximity to Iceland .
The Arctic Council , meanwhile , is the most recognisable and established Arctic forum . It has a stricter set of parameters defining the Arctic states and how other actors ( the non-Arctic states , NGOs , and IGOs ) can participate . It is focused on environmental protection and sustainable development under the leadership of the eight recognised Arctic states – Canada ; the Kingdom of Denmark ( Denmark , Greenland , Faroe Islands ) ; Finland ; Iceland ; Norway ; the Russian Federation ; Sweden ; and the United States . It has generated reports , such as on the environmental impact of climate change and global warming and biodiversity , and has facilitated the development of three regionally focused legally binding agreements .
Scotia north star
Scotland is a recent addition to the crowd seeking a role up north . The Scottish government is seeking to promote the nation 's northern-ness , capitalising on the malleable meanings of the words “ Arctic ” and “ North ” .
It is not that far fetched to think of Scotland as being in the North . It is the northernmost place in the United Kingdom and borders the North Sea . It also plays a strategic role in the search and rescue coverage of the Faroe Islands . The United Kingdom provides these services , based in Scotland , in partnership with Iceland and Denmark . As such , Scotland has close links with some Arctic states .
While there is no set international definition of the North and Arctic , they are not exactly the same place . Norway , for example , makes a point of distinguishing between its North and its High North , as well as the Arctic on occasion .
Scotland lacks recognition as either being part of the Arctic or High North . Crucially , it is not a member of the Arctic Council , although the United Kingdom is an observer state .
A northern future
But the Scottish National party-led government is planning for a future in a post-Brexit and possibly post-independence political landscape . The Arctic and the North are part of this plan . “ Scotland – as a close neighbour of the Arctic states … has a key interest in developments in the High North … [ T ] he Scottish government is committed to continuing to explore ways to deepen our engagement on Arctic issues and enhance our relationships with the Arctic states , ” a recent paper stated .
PA
Alasdair Allan , Scotland 's minister for international development and Europe , made the intention clear : “ From our location in the north-west corner of the continent , we have always looked outwards building strong cultural , economic and social links with our neighbours across the continent . ”
Allan noted the role of Brexit in Scotland 's northern focus , stating that it “ voted overwhelmingly by 62 % to 38 % in favour of remaining ” in the EU and will work to build links with Europe regardless of Brexit .
Scotland , like France , Germany and the EU more broadly , wants a greater say in Arctic politics . Environmental issues are hitting the region hard , particularly with decreasing ice thickness and coverage . These changes are impacting global temperatures and sea levels . With Brexit looming and independence from the UK still a possibility , however , economic possibilities in the Arctic and the North are the main draw for Scotland . As a result , it is a great time to be seen as a northern nation , and the Scottish government is striving to brand its country accordingly .
Want to learn more ? Check out our official website , where you can download a kit design and help develop the process ! !
Below is the original page for the project .
The Goal
The goal of this project is to create a device that will autonomously train crows . So far we 've trained captive crows to deposit dropped coins they find on the ground in exchange for peanuts . The next step is to see how quickly we can get wild crows to learn the system , and then how quickly they can learn it from each other .
Once we 've got system down for teaching coin collection we 'll move to seeing how flexibly they can learn * other * tasks , like collecting garbage , sorting through discarded electronics , or maybe even search and rescue . The crows continue to amaze us with their abilities , so who knows ?
The Device
The first version of the device consists of a box from which protrudes a perch , a food tray , and a funnel . The whole thing is made out of sealed wood so as to minimize noisy clanging which might result from using metal components while retaining the ability to leave the thing out in the rain . It is run by a laptop which provides power and control up to 50 feet away .
Based on established Skinnerian training principles , the action of the device is divided into four stages :
Stage One : Food and Coins Available on Departure .
At this stage the device pushes a few peanuts and one or two coins onto the feeder tray whenever a crow * leaves * the device . This ensures that the device always has food whenever it is examined by a potential feeding crow . It also ensures that both the sound of the device and its mechanical operation occur in close proximity to the feeding act so as to aclimate the crow . By having this noise occur as the crow leaves it prevents startling a potential feeder away from using the device .
Stage Two : Food and Coins Available On Landing .
Herein the action of the device is identical except that food and coins are issued when a crow arrives . At this point the crow should be comfortable with the sound of the device and is now being trained to wait for its reward when arriving at the machine . Note that the feeding tray is slanted such that coins will pile up and prevent peanuts from being available until the crow cleans them away – a typical behavior of crows is to sweep things out of the way with their beak , and in this case this causes the coins to fall down the funnel . This should help reinforce the connection between coins going down the funnel and peanuts being produced .
Stage Three : Coins Available On Landing , Food Available on Deposit
This is the highest-risk segment of the machine 's operation . At this point coins alone are made available whenever the bird lands on the perch . However , should a bird peck or sweep coins off the tray and cause a coin to fall down the funnel , the device then produces some peanuts . This stage is designed to cement in the crows ' mind the relationship between coins going down the funnel and peanuts being made available .
Stage Four : Food Available On Coin Deposit
Finally we shift the device into its intended , and long-term state of only providing peanuts when coins go down the funnel . Nothing is otherwise provided aside from coins scattered around the device at the beginning of the project .
If you 'd like more details , I wrote a paper on the vending machine .
Press & Media
Previously I have presented on this topic at TED , Gadgetoff , and The Swedish Computer Science Institute . I also gave a 15-minute presentation on it as part of ITP 's thesis week . If that does n't grab you , Gizmodo did a nice little video review of it .
Radio pieces were done on Newstalk 106-108fm in Dublin , Ireland , Ifyourejustjoiningus.com , KOMO 1000 in Seattle , The CJ Radioshow , and NPR .
Articles have been written in Oprah Magazine , The Seattle PI , BoingBoing.net , Spice Magazine , The New York Times once , and then again in their Top Ideas of 2008 ( which was followed by a “ correction “ ) , Jeff Jarvis ' BuzzMachine , and Wired .
Oh , and if you speak German , it was also featured in Vögel Magazine .
Next Steps…
We 've made a Creative Commons licensed , freely available design for the crowbox that anybody can download or buy as a kit . That means that anyone anywhere can make a version of the box and share their results with others , and we can test the machine with wild crow populations to see how to optimize the training process .
You can order it here . Alternately , feel free to donate to help us do more R & D on improving the design and conduct research into similar programs for other species .
Donate Bitcoins
or
Also see Zach Eveland of Blacklabel Development for more mad genius – he 's responsible for the electronics that made the original version of this project work .
Smart TVs are opening a new window of attack for cybercriminals , as the security defenses of the devices often lag far behind those of smartphones and desktop computers .
Running mobile operating systems such as Android , smart TVs present a soft target due to how to manufacturers are emphasizing convenience for users over security , a trade-off that could have severe consequences .
Smart TVs are n't just consumer items , either , as the devices are often used in corporate boardrooms . Sales of smart TVs are expected to grow more than 20 percent per year through 2019 , according to Research and Markets .
While attacks against smart TVs are not widespread yet , security experts say it is only a matter of time before cybercriminals take note of the weaknesses .
`` Many of the solutions are n't even adapting the best practices that are already known in the IT world , '' said Phil Marshall , chief research officer for Tolaga Research . `` The ecosystem is fragmented , and there is an emphasis on getting the solution to market quickly . ''
Smart TVs are essentially computers , with USB ports , operating systems and networking capabilities no different than smartphones . But unlike computers and mobile devices , smart TVs often do n't require any authentication .
`` Basically with these TVs , if you are in the same room , you 're always going to be treated like you 're the owner of the TV , '' said Craig Young , a computer security researcher with Tripwire .
Young , who has been researching security issues with smart TVs , also said some models do n't confirm whether someone sending commands over the network is the same person who can actually physically control the TV .
This means an attacker from afar could potentially cause a smart TV to show something far more risque than the latest sales figures during a meeting .
`` If someone in the boardroom is doing a presentation , that can lead to some embarrassing situations or some unexpected situations , '' Young said .
Many of the major manufacturers -- Samsung , LG and Sony -- have built app stores for smart TVs , a model pioneered by Apple for smartphones . But users can also be convinced to download malicious apps from third-party app stores , an attack method used against smartphones that could also be used against smart TVs .
Candid Wueest , a threat researcher with Symantec , deliberately infected his brand-new , Android-powered TV with ransomware , which is malware that encrypts files and demands a ransom to be paid in bitcoin .
Wueest 's experiment was a bit rigged : he modified the DNS ( Domain Name System ) settings on his own router in a mock man-in-the-middle attack and directed the TV to download the malicious app from a dodgy source . But such an attack would not be beyond the capabilities of attackers , he said .
Wueest has also noted many other issues with smart TVs revolving around software updates . Some models do not use encryption known as SSL/TLS ( Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security ) when downloading updates .
That would make it possible to trick a TV into downloading malicious firmware , which is low-level code that bridges a computer 's hardware and operating system at startup . Some models of smart TVs do n't even verify the integrity of the downloaded firmware .
Security for smart TVs `` is more sprinkled on at the end as an afterthought , '' Wueest said in a phone interview from Switzerland .
All of these issues pose vexing problems , particularly as smart TVs become more integrated with commerce and people increasingly enter payment card details into their TVs .
`` My wife likes to do Black Friday shopping on the TV , '' said Scott Wu , co-founder of 0xID , a Seattle-based company that specializes in mobile device security . `` You are closely tied to your financial information on your TV . ''
Smart TVs do n't run antivirus software , and it 's questionable whether that would be a practical solution to stopping cyberattacks .
While antivirus software could work , it also could degrade performance , and the question becomes `` whether running security software on the TV is going to mean your Netflix is going to become choppy , '' Young said . `` That would be a big dealbreaker . ''
At least for Android , Wu said that its permissions model limits what apps can do without explicit approval from a user , blunting the capabilities of a malicious app on a smart TV . But users might just mindlessly click away warnings to continue watching TV .
Young said the issues around smart TVs are the same ones affecting a whole range of devices that are now being networked-enabled , the so-called Internet of things , that experts worry can be abused .
Some companies are addressing the concerns with new products designed to detect anomalies on networks rather than full-scale antivirus software . For example , F-Secure 's Sense product and one from Dojo-Labs monitor home network traffic flowing to many devices for signs of trouble .
`` It 's clear that people in the industry are thinking about this problem , '' Young said .
Pre-production continues on Warner Bros. ' upcoming Suicide Squad film and yesterday director David Ayer tweeted an image of actress Cara Delevingne , who will play Enchantress , visiting the set . Following that , Delevingne had some high praise for the film , saying :
@ DavidAyerMovies this movie is going to blow people 's brains out ! LITERALLY ! # SuicideSquad — Cara Delevingne ( @ Caradelevingne ) March 6 , 2015
Delevingne will appear alongside Will Smith as Deadshot , Jared Leto as The Joker , Joel Kinnaman as Rick Flagg , Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn , Jai Courtney as Captain Boomerang , and Viola Davis as Amanda Waller .
Originally created by Robert Kanigher and Ross Andru back in 1959 , the group was retooled into its current iteration by John Ostrander in 1989 . The team has included countless DC villains ( and heroes ) among its ranks throughout the years . It 's also been a staple of recent DC media , “ Arrow ” introduced their own version of the team in the most recent season of the series and the recent animated film , Batman : Assault on Arkham , offered another version of the team .
Written and directed by Ayer , Suicide Squad is setting up shop in Toronto , Canada at their Pinewood extension . Following two months of pre-production , the film will shoot from April until September for a planned August 5 , 2016 release .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- A motorcycle gang carried out a bold smash-and-grab raid on a jewelry store in the center of London -- right in front of a CNN camera .
One of the raiders can be seen clutching stolen watches as the gang makes its getaway . more photos »
CNN reporter Sasha Herriman and cameraman Peter Kavanagh were filming in Oxford Street , London 's busiest retail area , when the raiders took a sledgehammer to the store 's windows in broad daylight .
Kavanagh kept the camera rolling as the thieves helped themselves to handfuls of luxury watches before roaring off on their motorcycles , leaving a crowd of stunned shoppers in their wake .
`` They always tell you to expect the unexpected when working in news , and this certainly was unexpected , '' said Kavanagh , an Australian cameraman with 19 years ' experience . Images from the daring heist »
`` As we were filming we heard a couple of motorbikes revving their engines loudly and saw a crowd forming . We could n't tell what was happening at first .
`` We saw the men yelling at the crowd and gesturing for them to stay back . Then they ran out of the store , climbed on their bikes and sped off . ''
Kavanagh says the daring heist nearly came unstuck at the last minute when the riders were forced to swerve to avoid a truck pulling into the road -- a moment he caught on film , along with a tantalizing glimpse of their booty . Watch raiders zoom away on motorcycles »
Do n't Miss In The Field : Oxford Street heist in broad daylight
`` As they went past , I zoomed in to get a clear shot . I noticed one of the passengers on the bikes was carrying a fistful of watches . ''
London 's Metropolitan Police would not reveal the value of the items taken from the store , but said they were trying to establish if it was linked to other smash and grabs .
No one has been arrested in connection with the raid , they said , and witnesses were being sought .
Says Kavanagh , after the four raiders had fled , punching the air with victory signs , so did many of the passers-by who saw it happen .
`` Afterwards we went over to the store and saw the glass from smashed cabinets and the sledgehammer lying on the ground . Most witnesses cleared off , but a few who had taken photos came forward . ''
Comodo has become the most widely used SSL certificate authority
Summary : Comodo overtakes Symantec in our surveys of SSL certificate authorities .
The Symantec Group with its brands GeoTrust , Thawte and Verisign has been the leading SSL certificate authority up to now , but has been dethroned by Comodo , whose market share climbed to 33.6 % compared to 33.2 % for Symantec .
Interestingly , while Comodo is leading the overall market , Symantec is still stronger among top ranked websites . Market share among the top 1000 sites is 50.8 % for Symantec vs. 12.0 % for Comodo .
There are also significant regional differences . Comodo is very popular in Taiwan ( 54.0 % ) , Netherlands ( 50.6 % ) , India ( 44.6 % ) and on Arabic language websites ( 55.2 % ) , whereas its market share is relatively low in Japan ( 4.2 % ) , South Africa ( 15.7 % ) and China ( 19.3 % ) .
Comodo 's market share is likely to grow further , as it is particularly popular among new sites : 51.2 % of sites that entered the top 10 million in the first 6 weeks of 2015 use Comodo certificates , compared to 23.4 % of those sites using Symantec . Another promising fact for Comodo is the 63.4 % market share it has among websites that support the SPDY protocol , which is basis of the upcoming HTTP/2 release .
However , the whole SSL certificate market can be expected to grow far beyond the 20 % of sites that currently use a valid SSL certificate . That is not only because encryption is essential for the growing SaaS market , but also because Google started to favoring HTTPS encrypted sites in their ranking , and whatever Google says , webmasters are listening .
_________________
Please note , that all trends and figures mentioned in that article are valid at the time of writing . Our statistics are updated frequently , and these trends and figures are likely to change over time .
Share this page
2 comments
Please can you let us know the source of this data and the methodology ? Crawl / crawl size ( all IPv4 Ip space ? ) / frequency / any other source ?
Regards .
You can find that information in our survey description , and more in the FAQ .
This entry is closed for comments .
Twenty years ago , Pete Rose did what Major League Baseball wanted him to do , step up and take responsibility for his alleged gambling habit . Rose , who has been cooperative since , followed orders and confessed his wrongdoing . Still not in the Hall of Fame , and still jumping when being told to jump , I can not figure out why he has not gotten his second chance yet .
Athletes have done so many things worse than Rose on the totem pole of ethics . I am not here to rip on the other athletes , but rather convey the message that Rose is still being punished for much less . Michael Vick , a name we are all sick of hearing , ran a dogfighting ring , did his time , and is suiting up for Philadelphia . Vick was given a second chance that quick .
Steroids in baseball have more to do with altering the course of a game moreso than a manager [ Rose ] betting on his team to win every night . I understand that Mark McGwire , Sammy Sosa , Rafel Palmeiro , A-Rod , and Big Papi will probably never see the Hall of Fame either . However , they cheated . How is betting on the team you are managing to win cheating ? It is unethical , but it is not cheating .
Donte Stallworth killed another human being because he was drunk . He served some time ( minimal ) , coughed up a small fortune , and you can bet he will be back on the field next year . How can these guys literally get away with murder , and Rose still be punished 20 years later ? It makes no sense to me .
Rose is baseball 's all-time leader in hits . If Bud Selig decides that enough-is-enough already , he would be making the right decision . Selig seems to want to milk this and turn Rose 's funeral into his induction period . Selig knows he belongs .
Rose played from 1963 until 1986 . Without him , there was no Big Red Machine , no Charlie Hustle , no advertisements that featured a baseball player so much . Rose did so much more good for the game than the bad he is still being judged upon .
There are common people who serve less than 20 years for murders . To keep a star like Rose out of the limelight is dumb . He is still charismatic , loves the game , and hurt no one but himself . Time is up , do the right thing and re-instate Pete Rose .
A French soldier patrols at the Louvre museum in Paris . Source : AP/Press Association Images
WITH EVERY NEW terror attack , French citizens stoically declare that “ life goes on ” , but despite this show of defiance , a creeping anxiety has taken hold of society .
Outwardly , the French summer is in full swing , restaurant and bar terraces — targeted in a November attack on Paris — are packed and vibrant , beaches are covered with sunseekers and streets as busy as ever .
However beneath the surface , many are feeling the strain after a string of terror attacks over the past 18 months .
“ There is a cumulative effect . At first ( a terror attack ) is an unexpected event , but now we are in a situation where we fear it happening again , ” said Evelyne Josse , a Belgium-based psychologist and trauma expert .
Users of a popular French online medical forum describe panic attacks on the metro , being paralysed with fear at the prospect of taking trains to go on holiday or going to the beach , with one woman writing she feels that going out in a crowd is like playing Russian Roulette .
“ The anxiety is always there , ” 32-year-old Thibaut Chaize told AFP on his way to work in Paris .
We are afraid but we ca n't stop living . The wariness is always there . Any strange behaviour on the metro or at a concert , all that provokes a bit of fear .
The cluster of terror strikes began in January 2015 , when 17 people were killed in a spree of violence in Paris , including at the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine and a Jewish store .
Then in November , when 130 people were killed at restaurants , bars and a concert hall in Paris , the reality of an ever-present danger began to set in , with government talking of “ war ” and citizens growing used to the sight of soldiers on the streets .
In between , a foiled attack on a high-speed train in France and the Brussels metro and airport bombings only added to the list of places that could be targeted .
Source : Bob Edme/PA Wire
In July , when a jihadist drove a massive truck into a crowd in the Riviera city of Nice , crushing 84 to death , and a priest was murdered in a church in Normandy , it became clear that terror went beyond big cities .
“ I phoned my son during the Paris attacks . Now it is he who called me , ‘ Dad are you ok ? ' You never know , it can happen anywhere , ” said Eric Lecornu , 57 , from Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray where the priest was killed last week .
For every traumatised citizen , there are those fulls of bravado , such as a Muslim from the notoriously gritty city of Marseille whose expletive-laden video daring the Islamic State group to attack his hometown went viral .
But even the cheekiest are worn down by an ever-mounting security presence and constant metro delays due to “ suspect packages ” .
‘ Israelisation ' of society
Summer , when the French decamp en masse on holiday , has been hit by the cancellation of several festivities , from stargazing to fireworks shows and a perfume festival .
But the government has taken pains to note that most events were going forward , some drawing bigger crowds than usual , while cancellations have concerned events where security could not be ensured .
Beloved Parisian summer activities such as an open-air cinema festival have been moved indoors , while police on horseback are a common sight and a “ beach ” set up along the Seine River is patrolled by gun-wielding soldiers .
On beaches in Saint-Malo in Brittany , lifeguards have been equipped with guns .
“ This is new to us . There are countries like Israel where there is a daily threat of a terror attack . One hears talk of the ‘ Israelisation ' of our society but even in Israel you can not prevent people from carrying out certain acts , ” said the psychologist Josse .
She said society can not live in a permanent state of stress , and that like in Israel — which faces the constant threat of attack from Palestinian militants — people will merely learn to adapt to the threat .
That means that most of the time we will live normally , and certain situations will trigger anxiety .
Josse estimates that around 20 to 30 % of people will choose to avoid anxiety-producing situations such as crowds and public transport .
In reality the risk is minimal . One has more chance of dying in a car accident on our way to a concert or football match than in a terror attack .
You can avoid these places , and it is sure you wo n't die in a terrorist attack . But you might die of boredom .
The psychologist is most concerned about a societal breakdown as a result of Muslims being seen as a threat .
“ It is natural to identify danger , and dangerous situations , and then avoid it . So the risk is that we reject anyone or anything that makes us think about Islamism . ”
“ Already to me , terrorism has won because the societal fracture already exists and I am afraid it is going to get worse , ” she said .
Kheira , a 46-year-old Algerian living in Paris , told AFP that as a Muslim , she faces a double threat .
“ We are afraid ( of terror attacks ) and above all we suffer prejudice . I would like them to change this name ‘ Islamic State ' , because for those who do n't know Islam , it means Muslims , and it is n't true . ”
© – AFP , 2016
Excavations in Turkey 's southwest reveal Anatolian food culture
ANTALYA – Anadolu Agency
Roman-era cooks used double baskets and pressure steam cookers to prepare their food , according to findings from the ancient city of Tlos in southwestern Turkey , an academic leading the excavations has said. “ Starting from the Roman era , we saw that double basket and pressure steam cookers were used to cook dishes . These cookers , called kerotakis , were first used in the first and second centuries , ” Akdeniz University Archaeology Department academic and Tlos excavation head Professor Taner Korkut said , adding that their work had revealed ceramic saucepans , pans , plates , glasses , pitchers and serving dishes.Korkut said guests were served dishes on different plates during the Hellenistic age and that the plates were more luxurious than those used in daily life.The professor , who specializes in research on eating habits since ancient times , said the gastronomical culture of Anatolia dates back 12,000 years ago.He said they initiated the Tlos excavations 10 years ago and learned that cereal-like barley and wheat were used 10,500 years ago in Anatolia , as were a variety of plant species that are also currently in use.Korkut said they had observed that many people , particularly residents of mountainous places in the western province of Muğla 's Seydikemer district , still maintained the traditions in their eating habits.He said they had found 130 species of edible plants during interviews with people living in 61 neighborhoods.Korkut said settlement layers that had been uncovered in the mound in front of Seydikemer 's Girmeler cave was very important , adding that there were many cookers in the mound 's lowest layer , which dates back to the early Neolithic Age 10,500 years ago.He said the remains of food in the cookers revealed that people mostly ate animals like rabbit , chevrotain , deer and wild boar . “ But in later times , they started choosing agricultural products. ” Korkut said foods like phyllo dough , onion , garlic and cheese were generally eaten in the ancient ages. “ Mostly cereal-based foods and plants were eaten . Maza , which is a kind of phyllo dough made up of barley meal , was always on the table . Also , einkorn flour was used to make phyllo bread in the Roman era and it was called puls . They ate onion , garlic and cheese along with puls . A bread type that was called ortos was first made with barley and then with wheat . It is known that vegetables like cabbage , spinach , chard , hibiscus , asparagus , leeks , onions , beans , sweet peas , lentils and fava beans were used during this age . These vegetables were eaten raw or boiled and mash-like foods were made with legumes . Olive oil was used in almost all Mediterranean dishes . It still continues as a characteristic of the Mediterranean cuisine . The favorite fruits were apple , grape and fig . Grapes were used both in dishes and in wine . Fish dishes prepared with sauces as well as various meat dishes were also eaten , ” Korkut said.The professor also said the findings about the eating habits of the era would be published in a book once the research is completed .
The White House reacted harshly to the Senate 's overwhelming vote on Wednesday to override President Obama 's veto of a bill that would enable the family members of 9/11 victims to sue the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in U.S. Courts .
Press Secretary Josh Earnest called it “ the single most embarrassing thing the United States Senate has done possibly since 1983 . ”
As it happens , the White House 's principled opposition to the bill was based on its worry that it would open the door to lawsuits from foreigners accusing the U.S. government of crimes , possibly including the killing of hundreds of thousands of people in Iraq and Afghanistan , torture , deaths of innocent people with drones , and global mass surveillance .
That makes Earnest 's comment the single most hyperbolic thing he 's said since — well — ever .
For the record , here are just a few of the Senate actions in the aforementioned time period that were truly , profoundly — and therefore way more — embarrassing :
Greenlighting the Invasion of Iraq : The October 2002 77-23 vote to authorize war powers for Iraq paved the way for a conflict that has consumed hundreds of thousands of lives and an outbreak of instability that still reverberates today . Only six senators even read the National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq prior to their votes . Refusing to Take Up a Bill to Address Global Warming : The House of Representatives passed a cap-and-trade plan to tackle global warming in 2009 . The Senate 's leadership decided to never take it up . Deciding to Leave a Supreme Court Justice 's Seat Unfilled : Since the passing of former Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , Senate Republicans have decided to simply leave the seat unfilled , refusing to consider Obama 's nominee Merrick Garland for the spot since March . Systematically Undermining Marriage Rights for Gay and Lesbian Americans : The 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , passed in an overwhelming 85-14 vote , defined marriage as only between a man and a woman in federal law . It also allowed states to refuse to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states . The key features of the law were later ruled unconstitutional . Making It Much Harder for Poor Americans to Declare Bankruptcy : The Senate voted 74-25 in 2005 to reform bankruptcy laws to make it significantly more difficult for Americans in dire financial straits to discharge their debts . Protecting America By Making Illegal Spying Legal : In 2005 , the New York Times revealed that the Bush administration had allowed the NSA to illegally spy on Americans ' transnational communications without a warrant . The Bush administration claimed that it had inherent wartime authority to do that , but nonetheless urged Congress to give the president “ additional authority. ” Congress robustly responded to the scandal in 2007 by passing the “ Protect America Act , ” which effectively made what Bush did legal . In 2008 , Congress passed another law that further expanded the President 's surveillance powers , while granting retroactive immunity to telecom companies that assisted in the original surveillance program . Filibustering Aid for 9/11 Responders : In 2010 , Senate Republicans successfully blocked a bill that would provide health care for 9/11 first responders . After Jon Stewart shamed them for their filibuster on The Daily Show , the bill finally passed less than two weeks later . Stewart had to return to his show five years later to pressure Congress into passing an extension .
You can add other embarrassing votes in the comments .
A judicial disciplinary body says Manitoba 's chief justices acted appropriately when they collaborated with the provincial justice minister on a proposal to eliminate preliminary inquiries , and later met with the federal justice minister to discuss it .
The ruling by the Canadian Judicial Council gives the country 's federally appointed chief justices the go-ahead to play a direct role in developing answers to justice-system delays and other issues facing the courts – even in proposing legislative changes that could alter major elements , such as the hearings that determine whether there is enough evidence to go to trial .
The unprecedented collaboration between the chief justices of three levels of court and Manitoba Justice Minister Heather Stefanson advocating a major experiment with the criminal-justice system was a direct response to a struggle in Canadian courts with the issue of delay . Last summer , the Supreme Court of Canada set strict new time limits for criminal trials , and said all players in the system needed to overcome a `` culture of complacency . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Heather Stefanson : The preliminary inquiry : A relic that needs reform
Read more : Supreme Court drug case prompts appeal for tolerance of judicial delays
Chief Justice Glenn Joyal of the province 's Court of Queen 's Bench made the proposal and the collaboration public in an interview with The Globe and Mail in February .
A lawyer then wrote an anonymous complaint to the Canadian Judicial Council , saying that the backroom collaboration and the `` lobbying '' of the federal minister were a `` scandalous '' foray into the political realm that made the chief judges appear to lose their independence and impartiality . That complaint became public on Thursday .
The self-described practising lawyer who filed it – insisting on anonymity over a fear of repercussions from judges – said there is a reason such collaboration is unprecedented : `` It is because this sort of behind-the-scenes policy making involving a Minister of Justice and senior members of the judiciary gives rise to clear concerns about the judges ' impartiality . ''
If the complaint had prevailed , Chief Justice Joyal says , it would have had a chilling effect on judges ' participation in discussion about pivotal justice-system issues . `` We have to be able to interact with those in power , '' he told The Globe and Mail on Thursday . `` If we ca n't do that , all we are is an internal chamber debating society , where we come up with interesting ideas but no solution . We become nothing but a dream factory . ''
Nova Scotia Chief Justice Michael MacDonald , who chairs the Canadian Judicial Council 's conduct committee , reviewed the complaint and said the judges ' conduct was consistent with the council 's guidelines on ethical principles and a separate document on judicial independence . `` Chief Justice MacDonald is of the view that chief justices and judges play an important leadership role in enhancing access to justice for Canadians , '' the council 's executive director , Norman Sabourin , said in a letter to the complainant .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The council also asked Gavin MacKenzie , a former treasurer of the Law Society of Upper Canada , to review the complaint . He agreed with Chief Justice MacDonald 's comments .
Lorne Sossin , the dean at York University 's Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto , called the decision an affirmation of judges ' right to speak out on core areas they believe need improvement . `` I see this as a good turning point for those judges who would say , 'Look , I 'd love to share my views but I 'm not sure it 's appropriate . ' '' He said that , in recent memory , no similar complaint on judges speaking out has been the subject of a judicial council ruling .
Richard Chartier , chief justice of the Manitoba Court of Appeal , said chief justices need the capacity to speak to the public so they can address the system 's problems . `` We would become very quickly a neutered institution '' if the complaint had been upheld , he told The Globe .
`` When I go on holidays , my spouse always says , 'Tell them what you do . ' I say , 'No , because I 'm going to get an earful about how the system is broken . ' She says , 'As a chief justice , you have to hear this and do something about this . ' '' He said he came around to her point of view . `` The judicial branch has to lead – in collaboration with everyone , and that includes the legislative branch . ''
The chief justices had not informed criminal-defence lawyers about their work with Ms. Stefanson before The Globe article appeared in February ; the Criminal Defence Lawyers Association of Manitoba was angered at being left out , and it opposed the elimination of preliminary inquiries . But the association 's president , Jody Ostapiw , said in an interview on Thursday that while the `` optics were not great – as lawyers we 're taught the appearance of things [ matters ] – I do n't think it rose to the level of backroom political lobbying . '' She said defence lawyers have since been working closely with the judiciary on solutions to delay .
The judicial council is a body of chief justices that has the power to send complaints on to a public hearing , which can lead to a recommendation for the dismissal of a judge . But in the case of the Manitoba judges , the council ruled the complaint had no merit .
Story continues below advertisement
The judicial council 's ruling covers only the federally appointed judges – Chief Justices Chartier and Joyal . Provincial Court Chief Judge Margaret Wiebe , who was involved in the policy discussions , was appointed by Manitoba .
Anyone who games knows how crucial it is to have great peripherals to give you the edge over your competitors . The gaming accessory market has exploded the last few years with tons of mice , mouse pads ( or gaming surfaces as to 're now known ) and more , showing up everywhere you look . Sure , your shiny new 6-core CPU and top-level graphics card will handle the output end of things . But what about the input side of it ? All that hardware do you no good when gaming with a $ 10 wally-world mouse and a dollar-store mouse pad . Enter
and their wide range of gaming peripherals . They were kind enough to send me over a
,
and a
to play with , and for this first review we 'll be looking at the Recon Gaming mouse . Let 's get to it !
Musicians in New Jersey and beyond have undeniably put the Garden State on the map , regardless of the decade or genre .
Over the past week , readers submitted to us hundreds of rock , pop , punk and hip-hop songs , all of which share a common characteristic : A reference to New Jersey .
Some songs mention a town in the title , some note stores , streets , highways or the Turnpike — so many nods to the Turnpike — throughout their verses and choruses . And it 's not all Bruce and Bon Jovi . Many pop-music legends , including Frank Sinatra , Ella Fitzgerald , The Monkees , Bob Dylan and Simon and Garfunkel , have all given the Garden State some lyrical love .
We combed through the submitted list of NJ tunes , added a few of our own and plotted as many of the songs by location as were applicable . Check out the interactive map below , zoom and click on the points to see a band , song title and Jersey-centric lyric .
Here are a few trends we noticed while perusing the ballads and anthems that forever lock New Jersey into music history :
• The Jersey song references almost perfectly mirror the state 's pockets of dense population . The list of tunes mentioning Newark , Jersey City , New Brunswick and the Jersey Shore is a long one . The list for Pohatcong , Pittstown and Penns Grove is … well … shorter .
• Several non-brand-name Jersey spots did make the cut , though . Saves the Day shouts “ Highland Park ” in “ All-Star Me ” and Catch 22 mentions “ Glassboro ” in “ Bloomfield Ave. ” Bedlight for Blue Eyes hates “ Leaving Berkeley Heights ” and The Gaslight Anthem fell in love with the stars in “ Shrewsbury ” in `` Wooderson . ''
• As expected , Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band are heavy-hitters on the list , notching 25 songs with an NJ mention . Many of the lyrics mark spots along his old , Asbury Park stomping grounds , but many central Jersey locales get shout-outs , too .
• Springsteen 's “ Atlantic City ” and Billy Joel 's “ Movin ' Out ( Anthony 's Song ) ” were easily the most-submitted songs from our readers . Simon and Garfunkel 's “ America ” was a biggie , too .
• New Brunswick rockers The Gaslight Anthem clearly have n't forgotten their roots . Much like Springsteen , from which the band draws distinct influence , Jersey is often worked into their lyrics . A handful of Gaslight tracks made the list .
• Hackensack appears in far more rock songs than we expected . It must be the town 's superior potential for rhyming words … back , black , heart attack-ack-ack .
• Our apologies if the song you submitted does n't appear on the map . Dozens of songs work “ New Jersey ” into their lyrics , but we often needed more specific locations . We did our best to space out all the Turnpike references .
Note : Our lyric map is not perfect . Some artists ' references to New Jersey are fairly vague and we needed to generalize areas to plot a specific point on the map .
Star-Ledger staff writer Fred Kaimann contributed to this report .
A young man in an American flag hat who attended tonight 's MILO event at the University of Washington claims he was beaten and pelted with paint by left-wing protesters outside the event .
This high school sr says he was just beaten by protestors outside @ Uw Milo Yiannopoulos event . # komonews pic.twitter.com/K4enh8B288 — Gabe Cohen ( @ GabeCohenKOMO ) January 21 , 2017
“ I did nothing to agitate them . The most I did was stand up there , wearing this hat . All I wanted to do was hear what they were chanting about and read their signs ” he told Gabe Cohen , of KOMO News .
“ I stood there and they took my hat . A third guy threw a thing of paint at me , while the second guy pulled me in and I was beaten in a crowd of them , ” the boy claims .
The boy 's father identifies his son as Alex Hilaire , a senior at Mariner High School in Seattle , Washington .
Elsewhere at the event , MILO 's cameraman was attacked and his equipment smashed .
Seattle police have confirmed that one person was hit in the face with a paint-filled balloon at the protest . They also report that the protesters are throwing bricks and fireworks .
One person hit with paint-filled balloon following dispute in crowd at UW campus demonstration . — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) January 21 , 2017
Crowd throwing bricks , other items , at officers @ UW campus demonstration . — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) January 21 , 2017
The president ignited a controversy in his State of the Union speech by saying he wants to raise the minimum wage by $ 1.75 , to $ 9 an hour . He argued that it is shameful that someone working full-time for the current minimum wage of $ 7.25 would still be below the poverty line .
Opponents – led by Speaker of the House John Boehner and an endless cadre of mustache-twirling corporate leaders and overpaid Washington think-tankers – have said they oppose the president 's plans . They argue that employers forced to pay a higher minimum wage will just hire fewer people to work full-time , that the promise of economic progress from higher pay is illusory , and that a boost in the minimum wage rarely translates to an uptick in economic activity .
These are empty threats , and spurious ones .
The issue about minimum wage , for instance , has almost nothing to do with full-time workers and whether they get hired or not . Only 5.2 % of hourly workers are paid minimum wage or below . That 's 3.8 million people . It is true that affecting the pay of such a small number of people wo n't solve America 's increasing problems of poverty or income inequality by itself .
But what happens when you look at part-time workers ? Then you understand how craven it is to deny workers minimum wage .
There are 8 million workers who are working part-time due to economic reasons , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . That means that they want to work full-time , but ca n't . There are also 18.7 million workers who are part-time out of choice , or for `` non-economic reasons '' .
Those part-time workers are where poverty ends up concentrated , and where the minimum wage will make the most impact .
Part-time workers are much more likely to end up working for minimum wage , according to the BLS 's analysis . Fast-food makes up a decent portion of minimum-wage jobs – that 's why McDonald 's stock fell the most after the president announced his plan – and those workers tend to be older and less likely to be able to find jobs elsewhere . They have no economic leverage .
These part-time , minimum-wage workers also tend to include people who may be working multiple jobs to make ends meet . No matter what they do , they will end up below the poverty line . In December , Bloomberg reported the story of Tyree Johnson , a homeless man who used his two part-time , minimum-wage jobs at McDonald 's to pay for a nightly room at a single-occupancy hotel . He 's been working for two decades and still ca n't get the hours necessary to make his work full-time . He scrubs with soap in the sink each day because , he told Bloomberg , `` I hate when my boss tells me she wo n't give me a raise because she can smell me . '' Johnson is just one story of many , obviously .
So when corporate leaders talk about how the minimum wage wo n't pull people up from the poverty line , they 're right : many companies that rely on minimum-wage workers , from McDonald 's to Walmart , have already figured out how to treat their workers as commodities , and poverty is now built into the system because of that . In a longtime period of joblessness like the one we 're living through , people will take whatever job they can get .
But there is an intellectual dishonesty here too , as well as a craven contribution to the country 's economic woes . Corporate leaders should n't have to be told by the government to pay their workers a living wage . They know that consumers will drive the recovery , but consumption by the rich does n't do it . You need the middle and lower classes .
So when those corporate leaders resort to threats to hold workers hostage – citing numbers about how raising the minimum wage by $ 1.50 will cause them to fire people – they should take a step back and look at some other numbers .
Try this number , for instance : Over one in five American children is living in poverty . There are others , but are they really necessary ? This is the world 's leading country and 20 % of children are part of families that can barely find money to eat .
Aside from the numbers , there is the issue of image . There is something truly grotesque about corporate leaders who earn millions of dollars – or even hundreds of thousands of dollars – arguing over paying their workers literally pennies more . Those workers often have to rely on food stamps or government welfare programs to make up the difference . Meanwhile , company CEOs have barely received a cut in pay for years , and on average they make 231 times as much as the average worker . That 's a lot of money , obviously . So the idea that paying $ 1.50 an hour more in minimum wage would break their companies and force them to save on costs is patently ridiculous . The first and most obvious cost they would have to think about cutting would be their own pay packages . What if those CEOs made , say , only 200 times the average worker ? Or 100 times ? One suspects their companies could afford that uptick for poorer workers then .
Most of all , the insistence of business leaders on a lower minimum wage looks , to any other country , completely revolting . It is a Dickensian image of corporate callousness , and it comes just when Corporate America is trying to dig out from its image hole of appearing unconscionable and dastardly .
Business leaders and plump Washington lawmakers would do well to try to step back from their fat bank accounts and their sense of entitlement and put themselves in the shoes of someone who works part-time just to be able to afford food to eat and a bed for the night . Is that the America they want to create ? Because keeping poor people down so that they ca n't even dream of being middle-class seem like a full-time task – although it seems to pay those corporate leaders a lot more than minimum wage .
Beyond Redemption by Michael R. Fletcher
As part of my Guest blog series for authors and fellow bloggers I am proud to present our first guest blog spot . Michael R. Fletcher author of Beyond Redemption has been kind enough to write a guest blog post about his wanderings as a author . I hope everyone enjoys his “ Ramble ” as much as I did . Now we all need to make sure Harper Voyager buys the next two books of the world of Manifest Delusions . So lets all go out and buy his book ! I would like to thank Michael R. Fletcher for this opportunity to host his guest blog .
Make sure you check out Beyond Redemption by Michael R. Fletcher and Harper Voyager Books . OUT NOW !
——————–
A Wandering Ramble By Michael R. Fletcher
Back in '97 I was finishing a college diploma in Audio-Engineering when I joined the goth-metal band , Sex Without Souls . For the next 15+ years I played guitar in SWS and lost my mind and my hearing mixing live bands in an assortment of shitty rock clubs . Sex Without Souls released several albums ( one on cassette ! ) and shot one video . We set things on fire , drank too much , and took nothing seriously . After one show an A & R Rep from a major label handed our agent a card , and we lost it . We did a train-wreck show ( the singer and I opened and finished a 26er of Wild Turkey while on stage ) and the singer slept in the alley behind the club in nothing but his tights . I kind of remember leaving him there and thinking that was okay . We played illegal fetish clubs , burned the paint off the ceiling and were banished from legitimate venues , and played an outdoor metal festival in Tweed , Ontario . There were three people there including our soundguy .
Yep , we were destined for greatness .
The world moved on and eventually so did we . Seeing as I somehow had n't become a rock star , I decided upon a more realistic goal : I would become a writer . How hard could it be ?
Six years later , in June of 2014 , Harper Voyager bought my novel , Beyond Redemption . It was a dream come true . I saw it as my ‘ foot in the door ' to the world of publishing . I 'd wanted to write books for as long as I could remember and this seemed like my chance to maybe make a go of it . Once the final revisions were okayed by the publisher I threw myself at writing my next books . Not knowing any better I decided I 'd write two books in one year . At first everything looked good . I wrote The Consuming in six months , and The Mirror 's Truth in three . With three months left for editing I thought I was gold .
But I 'd been a little short-sighted .
What about my test readers ? They all have jobs and families and let 's face it , it 's not like I pay them for their time . They read my books as fast as they could and got back to me with great feedback . But it took much longer than the zero time I 'd allotted on my schedule for that process . Also , their feedback required me to do more work than I 'd expected . Being a twit , I 'd assumed the feedback would all be , This is great , do n't touch it .
I also learned some valuable lessons . Writing two books back to back is great fun ; editing two books back to back is not . I burned myself out , lost focus , and spiralled into depression . Not the kind of depression requiring medical help , but rather the kind requiring you to pull your head out of your own ass and realize nothing has changed , you still have work to do , and you 'd best get to it . Luckily I 've had to pull my head outa my ass so many times I 'm getting good at it .
I still do n't know what the fate will be of the two books I wrote ; Harper Voyager has n't yet seen the manuscripts as I 'm still editing . What 's more , I 'm not even sure what I 'll do with the lessons learned .
I ca n't edit a book immediately after writing it . I need time and distance , perspective . I need to fall out of love with the book before I can murder it with the kind of soulless wanton destruction required to produce a manuscript that 's not too puke-inducing .
So when I finish writing a book , what do I do ? Well , I start writing another book ! Before long I 'm looking at two books in need of editing . Maybe I can do something like this…
Write book A .
Write book B .
Edit book A .
Write book C .
Edit book B .
Write book D .
And so on .
Of course all of this assumes someone actually wants to buy any of these . I 'm probably getting ahead of myself .
What was I talking about anyway ?
—————–
About the book :
Beyond Redemption by Michael R. Fletcher
Paperback : 512 pages
512 pages Publisher : Harper Voyager ( June 16 , 2015 )
Harper Voyager ( June 16 , 2015 ) Language : English
English ISBN-10 : 0062387030
0062387030 ISBN-13 : 978-0062387035
A darkly imaginative writer in the tradition of Joe Abercrombie , Peter V. Brett , and Neil Gaiman conjures a gritty mind-bending fantasy , set in a world where delusion becomes reality . . . and the fulfillment of humanity 's desires may well prove to be its undoing .
When belief defines reality , those with the strongest convictions—the crazy , the obsessive , the delusional—have the power to shape the world .
And someone is just mad enough to believe he can create a god . . .
Violent and dark , the world is filled with the Geistrekranken—men and women whose delusions manifest . Sustained by their own belief—and the beliefs of those around them—they can manipulate their surroundings . For the High Priest Konig , that means creating order out of the chaos in his city-state , leading his believers to focus on one thing : helping a young man , Morgen , ascend to become a god . A god they can control .
Trouble is , there are many who would see a god in their thrall , including the High Priest 's own doppelgangers , a Slaver no one can resist , and three slaves led by possibly the only sane man left .
As these forces converge on the boy , there 's one more obstacle : time is running out . Because as the delusions become more powerful , they also become harder to control . The fate of the Geistrekranken is to inevitably find oneself in the Afterdeath . The question , then , is :
Who will rule there ?
About the author :
Michael R. Fletcher is a science fiction and fantasy author . His novel , Beyond Redemption , a work of dark fantasy and rampant delusion , is being published by HARPER Voyager and is slated for release June 16th , 2015 . His début novel , 88 , a cyberpunk tale about harvesting children for their brains , was released by Five Rivers Publishing in 2013 . 88 is available from Amazon , Barnes and Noble , Kobo , and elsewhere . The next two Manifest Delusions novels , THE CONSUMING , and WHEN FAR-GONE DEAD RETURN are currently in various stages of editing while Michael tries to be the best husband and dad he can be . Michael is represented by Cameron McClure of the Donald Maass Literary Agency .
Advertisements
by Trina Roache , APTN National News , November 12 , 2015
CAPE BRETON HIGHLANDS , NOVA SCOTIA — Tempers flared as close to 30 protesters confronted Mi'kmaw hunters who were taking part in a Parks Canada project to harvest moose in the Cape Breton Highlands .
“ We do n't see it being productive to kill moose in our national park , ” said local businessman Wesley Timmons .
“ Productive ? ” asked Mi'kmaw hunter Fred Sylliboy . “ The whole mountain is crown land . You 're the ones trespassing on our land . ”
“ I 'm not against natives , buddy , ” said one local guide who joined the protest . “ I got lots of native friends . We want to hunt as much as you want to hunt . Let 's just make it fair . It 's not your fault , it 's the park , and you guys got the right to hunt here , right ? I just want to get a share of it . ”
A handful of armed park wardens were on hand but the RCMP were more than a half hour away .
The group demanded to speak with the Mi'kmaw hunters , to ask them “ give up on this hunt . ”
When a warden agreed to escort two of the protesters to meet with the Mi'kmaq , the rest of the group followed and a tense confrontation followed .
The project to harvest eleven moose in the park was initiated by Parks Canada and was four years in the making .
During the confrontation , Parks Canada announced that it was suspending the harvest which sent the protesters away declaring victory .
Frustrated , the Mi'kmaw hunters were left to pack up camp .
“ What 's happening now ? ” asked hunter Vernon Googoo . “ The peace officer guy told them , ‘ you got your way , you got your way , now you can go . ' ”
“ That 's only for now , ” answered Danny Paul , a Mi'kmaw hunter and traditionalist . “ This is n't over yet . They fail to realize that they 're in unceded territory to begin with . And that 's the hillbilly or bully mentality that they had . ”
The Mi'kmaq felt the protesters lacked an understanding of both treaty rights , and of the science behind the reasons for the harvest . And questioned the group 's concern over the moose population .
The protesters held signs that read ‘ Save the Moose , ” and “ Stop the Slaughter , ” yet another read , “ Let 's hunt together . ”
“ They have no comprehension about what we do and how we do it , ” said Paul . “ They refuse to hear how and why we hunt . All they 're looking at is the ability to fill their own freezers by poaching or bringing in people to guide and bring down and moose and they call that their livelihood . ”
Hunting guide Dennis Day organized the protest . Day has grabbed headlines in recent weeks , voicing his opposition to the harvest .
“ Some are protesting the hunt , ” said Day . “ And some protesting that they 're not involved . ”
Day contends that the moose population in the highlands is declining and the harvest is unnecessary . He said it has n't impacted his business , “ We just had to work harder for them . ”
Day admits he does n't know much about the history of the treaties and why the Mi'kmaq have been given first access to the moose harvest in the park .
“ No I do n't know the background to all that . But I would enjoy hunting with them and that 's the way it should be , ” said Day . “ This is n't a racism thing . Like , I 'm against Parks Canada . Not Clifford Paul , not for one second . ”
Clifford Paul is the Moose Management Coordinator for the Unama'ki Institute of Natural Resources .
He said , there 's a misunderstanding of why the Mi'kmaq are harvesting moose in a national park .
“ We know there 's a problem of hyper-abundance in the park , we know that the ecosystem is damaged , ” said Paul . “ We 're still willing to work together despite the thing you saw today . These heated voices ? We 're still willing to work together . ”
But he added , “ The future of moose and the future of moose management jurisdiction lies with the Mi'kmaq people . ”
In 2012 , Parks Canada signed an agreement with the Mi'kmaq in Nova Scotia . It provides that if there 's too much wildlife in a park , the Mi'kmaq have the first opportunity to harvest the animal .
This moose harvest is a first ; a pilot project by Parks Canada to bring back the boreal forest . Too many moose throw the ecosystem out of balance .
“ One third of the boreal forest in Cape Breton Park is severely degraded , ” said Derek Quann , the park 's resource conservation manager . “ Eleven per cent of the forest has transformed to grassland . ”
Quann called the protest peaceful , but says charges are possible for entering a restricted area where the hunt was being carried out .
Mi'kmaw leaders , the Unama'ki Institute of Natural Resources , and Parks Canada now will come back to the table to figure out next steps .
Though the moose harvest has been put on hold , it will happen , and next time with more security .
“ No one expected what happened today , ” said Clifford Paul . “ We still want this to be a successful harvest . ”
Allison Bernard hopes the Mi'kmaq do n't lose faith in the process .
He works for the Mi'kmaq Rights Initiative , a negotiating body for the Mi'kmaq in Nova Scotia .
Bernard has been involved with the Moose Working Group and helped organize this harvest .
“ The people that came up here today did n't care about breaching protocol or breaching park guidelines by going through the gates that they should n't have gone through , ” said Bernard . “ They endangered a lot of people here , even their own , by coming in here and storming and almost causing a riot here . ”
Beranrd points out that while the local non-Mi'kmaq have the privilege of hunting and using the resources , the Mi'kmaq have an inherent right . “ And nobody can take that away . ”
http : //aptn.ca/news/2015/11/12/protesters-end-mikmaw-moose-harvest-in-cape-breton-highlands/
Advertisements
Biologists at SDSU have found a previously unknown virus that is extremely widespread and could play a major role in obesity and diabetes
Odds are , there 's a virus living inside your gut that has gone undetected by scientists for decades . A new study led by researchers at San Diego State University has found that more than half the world 's population is host to a newly described virus , named crAssphage , which infects one of the most common types of gut bacteria , Bacteroidetes . This phylum of bacteria is thought to be connected with obesity , diabetes and other gut-related diseases . The research appears today in Nature Communications .
Robert A. Edwards , a bioinformatics professor at SDSU , and his colleagues stumbled upon the discovery quite by accident . Working with visiting researcher and corresponding author on the study Bas E. Dutilh , now at Radboud University Medical Center in The Netherlands , the researchers were using results from previous studies on gut-inhabiting viruses to screen for new viruses .
In the DNA fecal samples from 12 different individuals , they noticed a particular cluster of viral DNA , about 97,000 base pairs long , that the samples all had in common . When Edwards and his colleagues checked this discovery against a comprehensive listing of known viruses , they came up empty .
The researchers then screened for the virus across the database of the National Institute of Health 's Human Microbiome Project ( HMP ) , and Argonne National Laboratory 's MG-RAST database , and again found it in abundance in samples derived from human feces .
To prove that the viral DNA they discovered in their computer data actually exists in nature , fellow SDSU virologist John Mokili used a technique known as DNA amplification to locate the virus in the original samples used to build NIH 's database .
`` So we have a biological proof that the virus they found with the computer actually exists in the samples , '' Mokili said .
This was a new virus that about half the sampled people had in their bodies that nobody knew about .
`` It 's not unusual to go looking for a novel virus and find one , '' Edwards said . `` But it 's very unusual to find one that so many people have in common . The fact that it 's flown under the radar for so long is very strange . ''
An ancient virus
The fact that it 's so widespread indicates that it probably is n't a particularly young virus , either .
`` We 've basically found it in every population we 've looked at , '' Edwards said . `` As far as we can tell , it 's as old as humans are . ''
He and his team named the virus crAssphage , after the cross-assembly software program used to discover it .
Some of the proteins in crAssphage 's DNA are similar to those found in other well-described viruses . That allowed Edwards ' team to determine that their novel virus is one known as a bacteriophage , which infects and replicates inside bacteria -- and using innovative bioinformatic techniques , they predicted that this particular bacteriophage proliferates by infecting a common phylum of gut bacteria known as Bacteriodetes .
Gut punch
Bacteriodetes bacteria live toward the end of the intestinal tract , and they are suspected to play a major role in the link between gut bacteria and obesity . What role crAssphage plays in this process will be a target of future research .
Further details about crAssphage have been difficult to come by . It 's unknown how the virus is transmitted , but the fact that it was not found in very young infants ' fecal samples suggests that it is not passed along maternally , but acquired during childhood . The makeup of the viral DNA suggests that it 's circular in structure . Further laboratory work has confirmed that the viral DNA is a singular entity , but it 's proven difficult to isolate .
`` We know it 's there , but we ca n't capture it quite yet , '' Edwards said .
Once the virus is isolated , he hopes to delve into its role in obesity . It 's possible the virus in some way mediates the activity of Bacteriodetes colonies , but whether crAssphage promotes or suppresses obesity-related processes in the gut remains to be seen .
The virus might also be used to prevent or mitigate other diseases affected by the gut such as diabetes and gastroenterological maladies .
Once these processes are better understood , Edwards envisions one day the possibility of personalized medicine based on this virus .
`` This could be a key to personalized phage medicine , '' he said . `` In individuals , we could isolate your particular strain of the virus , manipulate it to target harmful bacteria , then give it back to you . ''
# # #
Key Collaborators
In addition to Edwards , SDSU researchers Katelyn McNair , Savannah Sanchez , Genivaldo G.Z . Silva , Lance Boling , Jeremy J. Barr , Victor Seguritan , Ben Felts , and Elizabeth A. Dinsdale worked on the project , in collaboration with Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois . The study 's corresponding author , Bas E. Dutilh , shares an affiliation with SDSU , Radboud University Medical Center in The Netherlands , and the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil . Contributing researcher Ramy K. Aziz shares an affiliation with SDSU and Cairo University in Egypt . Contributing researcher Noriko Cassman was at SDSU during the time of the study and now is at the Netherlands Institute of Ecology .
San Diego State University is a leading institution for bacteriophage research . Its Viromics Information Institute , which has been identified as an SDSU Area of Excellence , is led by biology professors Forest Rohwer , Anca Segall , Edwards and Dinsdale , and takes a cross-disciplinary approach to learning more about bacteriophages and exploring their potential for medical usage .
We have been programmed that eating healthy means unappealing to our taste buds . And so for some of us , we tend to sinfully crave for sumptuous but unhealthy food , but we 're going to change that notion when it comes to having a healthy food . Fact is you can still have the right nutrients needed for your spine without having dread on how to endure that awful taste , the only thing you need to know , is to know more about the right food needed for your spine . Dark Chocolates are consisted of magnesium which is important nutrients beneficial for your nerve health , bone formation and it 's antioxidants characteristic helps with inflammation . A Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge is all you need .
Prepare the following Ingredients :
½ cup of dark cocoa powder or dark chocolate compound cut in bits and pieces
½ cup of natural peanut butter
½ cup of honey
½ teaspoon of vanilla extract
½ cup of coconut oil
Let 's get started :
Prepare two ( 2 ) Bowls for Mixing the dry ingredients and the liquid ingredients separately , then combine all ingredients ( dry and liquid ) the mixture becomes liquid-like . ( It is easier to do this using a food processor ) ; Prepare your muffin pan and muffin liners , then , start pouring the liquid fudge mixture into the pan liners ( make sure to pour half inch of fudge into the liners to prevent spills ) . Place the muffin pan inside the freezer of chiller and leave it there for 30 minutes or until the fudge is harder . Once fudge becomes harder , you can now enjoy your healthy fudge . Just make sure you store it in the refrigerator .
You can now satisfy your craving without risking that nutritional requirement of your spine , since dark chocolate also have L-Tryptophan and B-Vitamins which calms the nerves , you are sure that your muscles are benefiting the right nutrients , and the best way to accompany this to become fully healthy is got some exercise .
CLEMSON , S.C. -- Deshaun Watson solved the mystery of the Boston College defense , throwing for 420 yards and accounting for four touchdowns against a unit that had allowed just two offensive TDs all season as Clemson rolled to a 34-17 win over the Eagles . While BC 's defense had been the nation 's best through the first six weeks of the season , Watson stole the show with some quick passes early and a handful of deep balls late . Meanwhile , the Tigers ' defense was stellar once again , and Clemson is now through half the season without a loss .
What the win means for Clemson : The Tigers end a three-game home stand with three emphatic victories , toppling Notre Dame , dominating Georgia Tech and finally solving the Boston College defense . The Eagles had n't allowed more than 228 yards in a game this season , but Clemson more than doubled that . The Tigers head to Miami next week with their playoff hopes squarely in tact and a growing target on their backs .
What the loss means for Boston College : This was hardly a surprise for a BC team that is simply without any real weapons on offense . The QB situation is a mess , and the offensive line remains a makeshift bunch . But the concern , perhaps , is that the defense struggled to find answers against Watson in spite of two takeaways . The Eagles certainly are n't the first team to struggle against Clemson 's high-powered attack , but they 'll need to return to form next week to keep any hopes of a bowl appearance alive .
Clemson 's Deshaun Watson passed for 420 yards and three touchdowns . He added another score on the ground . Rainier Ehrhardt/Associated Press
Player of the game : Watson , clearly . While the ground game was largely ineffective against the BC defensive front , Watson once again shined . He threw two picks , which accounted for BC 's points , but he was stellar otherwise . Watson topped 300 yards passing for the first time this season , and after struggling to connect downfield with his receivers on the deep ball early , he found his timing in the second half , including on a 51-yard bomb to Artavis Scott . Watson has now thrown at least two TD passes in every game this season .
Unsung hero : Scott was n't exactly unsung , but Clemson has been desperate to find a legitimate deep threat since Mike Williams went down with a neck injury in the opener , and Scott certainly looked the part Saturday . He finished with 10 catches for 162 yards , including two deep receptions on a touchdown drive in the third quarter . Scott 's strength remains the jet sweep , but he 's clearly developed into a more dynamic receiver than he was as a freshman in 2014 .
I received an interesting question from reader Michael yesterday . Michael asked `` Did the Real Economy , Not Counting Government , Expand in Last 20 Years ? ''
Reader Michael did not think so . Take a moment before reading further to think about how I might answer and how John Williams at Shadowstats might answer .
My Response
If the average standard of living has gone up , then we have had growth .
Better cars , more cell phones , bigger houses , better stuff in general , says we have had growth . In spite of inane inflationary policies of the Fed and corruption in politics everywhere , rising productivity over time was the enabler of growth .
However , some of that growth has been at the expense of debt ( and future expansion ) . We have borrowed growth from the future . Those expecting a return to high growth are mistaken .
Wading Through Molasses
I asked Pater Tenebrarum at the Acting Man blog if he agreed with my response . He chimed in as follows :
Yes , I would agree with that , absolutely . However , monetary inflation has so distorted prices and made the growth look far bigger than it really was . Essentially the problem is that the market economy must constantly battle against the destructive policies of governments and central banks . It is like wading through molasses .
If you look at the actual improvements in the standards of living in more detail , most of it has to do with the computer industry in the widest sense . Even improvements in health care can be put down to increased computerization . Hi tech remains the one area that develops so quickly , the political class is too slow to regulate it to death , and the central banks can not keep it from providing better things at lower prices , because its productivity growth is so fast it more than balances out the negative effects of money printing and credit expansion .
In virtually every other aspect , there are at most a few improvements due to the expansion in international trade , but little else .
Shadowstats GDP
click on chart for sharper image
Doug Short Writes ...
I find this `` alternate Real '' GDP to be interesting ( in a bizarre sort of way ) , but I personally see no credibility in the hyper-negative GDP it produces . On the contrary , I see this chart as further evidence that the alternate CPI , despite its popular among many critics of government data , is a misguided concept . Alternate Nonsense
Bizarre is a polite way of putting things . I would call it total nonsense . For Williams to be correct one would have to believe the economy was in a recession the vast majority of the time for the last 25 years .
Williams has a huge following , mainly by the hyperinflationist crowd . Williams himself has been predicting hyperinflation for some time .
December 12 , 2010 : Williams Calls for `` Great Hyperinflationary Great Depression '' ; A Very Easy Rebuttal
: Williams Calls for `` Great Hyperinflationary Great Depression '' ; A Very Easy Rebuttal May 25 , 2011 : Hyperinflation Nonsense in Multiple Places
All of the hyperinflation calls have been missed by a mile .
I 'll close with one more example of why I completely reject the Alternate CPI as a valid metric . Let 's consider real median household incomes since 1967 , the year of the earliest Census Bureau data . Adjusted for inflation using the government 's CPI , the $ 7,143 median household income has only risen 4 % from 1967 to 2011 , the latest full year of Census Bureau data . If we make the inflation adjustment using the Shadowstats Alternate CPI , the median household income has declined by 70 % .
As I commented when I originally posted this household income chart last year , the Alternate CPI is a completely bizarre outlier . What this deflator is telling us translates into something like this : If we chain the 1967 median household income of $ 7,143 in 2011 dollars , it would have had the purchasing power back then of $ 166,683 .
Growth came in spite of central bank policies , not because of them
Growth was at the expense of mountains of debt fueled by poor monetary policies at the Fed and poor fiscal policies by governments
The existing mountain of debt at every level ( government , personal , corporate ) is 100 % guaranteed to slow future growth
To Pater 's comment I would add that protectionists in Congress , countless Keynesian economists , and unions everywhere seek to label China a currency manipulator , then add tariffs.Doing so would instantly kill any growth due to trade expansion . Also recall that Republican nominee Mitt Romney ran on that destructive platform.In 1997 Krugman wrote a brilliant article `` In Praise of Cheap Labor `` , stating `` '' .I wrote about Krugman 's position in Fair Trade is Unfair ; In Praise of Cheap Labor ; Are Bad Jobs at Bad Wages Better than No Jobs at All ? Please check it out . Krugman `` '' right . However , the definition of `` wasrequires one to go back to 1997 . Somewhere along the line Krugman acquired the `` '' and he has been wrong ever since.Let 's also take a look at GDP as measured using Shadowstats CPI as the deflator . Please consider GDP , Real GDP , and Shadowstats `` Theater of the Absurd '' GDP I wrote that back on May 31 , 2012 so the chart is dated . But it would not look much different now , adding only another two years of recession.On March 25 2013 , Doug Short wrote Regression to Trend : Debunking the Alternate CPI Doug 's post contains a more recent version of the above GDP chart . It also contains additional commentary well worth a look . Here is a chart and some of Doug 's comments.Unless one buys the shadowstats CPI theory , there has indeed been growth . Perhaps that growth has been overstated by a little , perhaps by a lot.The fact that the central banks including the Fed have so distorted pricing mechanisms makes it hard to tell . Regardless , there are easy-to-see implications of past actions on future growth.Effectively we have borrowed current growth from the future . Looking ahead , growth surprises will be predominantly on the downside for years to come.Here 's an interesting observation from reader Charlie Smith at Fort Pitt Capital Group : `` Lacy Hunt at Hoisington Investment Management responded `` Mike `` Mish '' Shedlockhttp : //globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
For Mandrake can disclose that both actors are already panicking about their first screen kiss between their characters Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
Speaking at the Bafta ceremony Watson , 18 , tells me that she is terrified of pairing up with her 20 year-old co-star of eight years , despite the best efforts of Daniel Radcliffe , 19 , to reassure her .
`` Well I 've never had to do it before so I ca n't say I have any techniques , '' she says . `` I 've never had to kiss anyone on screen so it is all new to me .
`` Of course I am nervous about it . But , apparently it gets quite boring after a couple of takes , that 's what Dan said to me anyway . ''
Meanwhile , off screen Watson was not short of male attention at the Grey Goose afterparty at the Grosvenor House Hotel and spent much of the evening in the company of Jamie Dornan , a model who used to date Keira Knightley .
Mandrake revealed last month that Grint is also concerned about the impending kiss despite doing a graphic nude scene in his recent film Cherrybomb .
`` As I 've known Emma for so long , I reckon it will be 10 times worse , '' he said .
`` I really love the seventh book , but there is no way it will be tame with the Hermione stuff . ''
The actor claimed he fills in crosswords to ease the awkwardness between takes and will bring `` a stack of crosswords '' to the Harry Potter set .
The lawyer who dined with shamed MP Aaron Gilmore on a boozy night in resort town Hanmer Springs stands by his allegations that the list MP threatened to get the prime minister 's office involved to have a waiter sacked .
Gilmore , the 59th-ranked National list MP , fronted a press conference at Parliament this morning to apologise for his behaviour towards a hotel waiter , saying he was rude and a bully .
Christchurch lawyer Andrew Riches , who dined with Gilmore , was so embarrassed by the MP 's behaviour that he left the waiter an apology note .
Riches alleged Gilmore asked the barman `` Do you know who I am ? '' and threatened to have Prime Minister John Key intervene to have him sacked .
Gilmore today denied both allegations .
'' There was no involvement of the prime minister 's office . I had a discussion with the barman over my understanding of the liquor laws , and that I understood someone could be fired if they served a drunk person ... I did not use the words 'Do you know who I am ? ' . ''
Asked whether he was accusing Riches of lying , Gilmore said : `` Look , he had as much , if not more , to drink than I. I know exactly what I had to drink that evening . I do not know exactly what Mr Riches had to consume that evening , but he had at least as much I did . The words that he used to describe the incident were not the words that I believe I said . ''
Gilmore said his group was not denied service until he went to pay the bill and wanted to buy another bottle of wine to take to his room .
'' He [ the barman ] did n't know who I was . I gave him my card . He asked , 'Who are you ? ' I said , ' I 'm a member of Parliament , I have an understanding of the alcohol laws and I understand you can be fired for serving drunk persons ' , '' he said .
'' He then said , 'Do you know the prime minister ? ' My response was : 'Yes , I work for him ' . ''
But today Riches said he stood by his original statement . It was `` considered in detail before release '' and he would not back down on it .
`` I stand by this statement and the events of the past week have not caused me to resile in any way , '' he said .
`` I will be making no further comment and will allow the public to draw their own conclusions . ''
Asked whether he called the waiter a dickhead , Gilmore said : `` I 'm not 100 per cent certain whether I used the word dickhead or dick , or words to that extent to the barman at that stage . ''
Gilmore denied allegations of sleazy conduct and clicking his fingers at waiting staff .
'' Look , there was no sleazy behaviour that was carried out by myself that I am aware of . I think those scandalous comments are completely out of line and I 'm not here to talk about my relationships or anything that occurred , other than apologise for my comments to a barman . ''
' I WAS A DICKHEAD '
Shamed MP Aaron Gilmore says he is not proud of his behaviour in a Hanmer Springs hotel , apologising by saying `` if there was a dickhead that night , it was me '' .
It was claimed he abused a waiter , demanding `` Do n't you know who I am ? '' and threatened to have Prime Minister John Key intervene to have him sacked .
`` I 'm sorry for my arrogance and rudeness to the barman when I was leaving the restaurant , Gilmore told a media conference today .
`` If there was a dickhead that night it was me .
`` No service industry worker deserved to be treated rudely . I behaved badly and I crossed the line . It will not happen again . ''
Gilmore says he drank `` three glasses of wine and three beers over the entire evening ranging from 6.30pm to 10.45pm '' .
He apologised to the the party , Key and to all MPs . He said he had also written to the hotel , which has said it would not make an official complaint .
`` My actions were unbecoming and embarrassing , '' Gilmore said .
`` I learnt a tough lesson . One that I definitely do n't want to repeat . ''
He also apologised to his family , friends and partner .
His voice cracked as he said : `` This past week has been one of hell for them , and I 'm sorry for the hurt distress and worry my actions have caused . ''
Gilmore said Key was very disappointed .
But Gilmore said he would n't resign `` for a number of reasons '' .
`` I still believe I have a contribution to make to Parliament and I hope I can put this lack of judgement behind me , '' he said .
`` Finally , if there is one thing I have learnt , it is that I need to operate my life with far more dignity , humility and grace . ''
Asked if he has an arrogant streak , Gilmore replied : `` I 'm not here to say that I do n't have an ability to be rude and arrogant to a number of persons . Hence my statement that in my life generally I need to have a bit more humility and grace . ''
Gilmore went from the media conference to a caucus meeting , where he was expected to receive a dressing down from MP colleagues .
Key , on his way into the caucus meeting , said there was never an expectation that Gilmore would resign .
`` It 's extremely important that he does say sorry because in the end the expectation on MPs , rightfully so , is that they adhere to a high level of behaviour , '' Key said .
'FAILURE TO SHOW LEADERSHIP '
Labour leader David Shearer said John Key failed to show leadership by not calling Gilmore to get an explanation .
`` The prime minister has just left it alone . He 'll pick up the phone to talk to somebody to get him a job in GCSB but he wo n't pick up the phone to actually talk to his own MP . I find that extraordinary , '' Shearer said , referring to Key 's call to old family friend Ian Fletcher over the top job at the Government Communications Security Bureau .
`` I can tell you if it had been one of my MPs they would have had a 'please explain ' within a few minutes , '' Shearer said .
Key yesterday said he had an exchange of texts with Gilmore , who had apologised for his behaviour , but he had not talked to him directly , leaving that to his chief of staff Wayne Eagleson .
Shearer said Gilmore now had to redeem himself by proving to the public that he was fit to be an MP .
`` What he said was pretty unwise . One of the things you do learn in politics from day one is humility and being humble and he has certainly violated that .
`` I ca n't quite understand why he did n't say sorry from the very beginning . If he had done that a lot of this would have been unnecessary ''
He said Gilmore 's behaviour was unacceptable but kicking someone out of the caucus depended on how contrite they were and whether they were prepared to front up immediately .
Gilmore had waited a week to front up and it looked as if he had been pushed into an apology .
Judge needed just a little more than half his allotted time to defeat the Twins ' Miguel Sano in the finals with 11 homers and belted four home runs beyond the 500-foot mark , going as deep as 513 feet in Round 2 . Two of Judge 's homers were longer than any Statcast™ has tracked since its inception in 2015 .
Major League Baseball home run leader Aaron Judge was crowned this year 's T-Mobile Home Run Derby champion on Monday night at Marlins Park in Miami .
Judge needed just a little more than half his allotted time to defeat the Twins ' Miguel Sano in the finals with 11 homers and belted four home runs beyond the 500-foot mark , going as deep as 513 feet in Round 2 . Two of Judge 's homers were longer than any Statcast™ has tracked since its inception in 2015 .
The Yankees rookie outlasted some of the game 's most elite sluggers , including last year 's Derby winner Giancarlo Stanton , his New York teammate Gary Sanchez , the Marlins ' Justin Bour , the Rockies ' Charlie Blackmon , the Dodgers ' Cody Bellinger and the Royals ' Mike Moustakas .
Video : Judge rises to occasion , wins first HR Derby title
Judge 's toughest challenge came in Round 1 , when he narrowly survived with 23 home runs to Bour 's 22 . Judge coasted past Bellinger in the second round with more than a minute to spare .
Here 's a round-by-round breakdown of Monday 's Derby .
Round 1 : Sano ( 5 ) vs. Moustakas ( 4 )
SANO : The Twins ' third baseman easily qualified for the 30-second bonus time with each of his first five home runs going for the required 440 feet or farther . The Twins slugger finished with 11 homers , including a 470-foot shot that 's longer than anything he 's hit in 2017 .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Sano belts a 470-ft. homer in first round
TOTAL : 11
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 470 feet ( 110 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 112 mph ( 468 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 427.8 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 108.7 mph
MOUSTAKAS : Moose staged a valiant challenge to the solid score put up by Sano . After homering on his first swing , he fell into a seven-out slump before a burst of nine homers in 12 swings put him in contention . However , with a little less than a minute remaining in the round , the Royals ' third baseman fell just short . His final homer , a 114-mph shot , fell three feet shy of 440 feet , which would have triggered 30 seconds of bonus time .
Video : HRD Rd 1 : Moustakas goes yard 10 times in Round 1
TOTAL : 10
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 442 feet ( 110 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 114 mph ( 109 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 406.3 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 106.0 mph
WINNER : SANO
Round 1 : Sanchez ( 8 ) vs. Stanton ( 1 )
SANCHEZ : The Yankees ' catcher set the bar high for the reigning champion , belting 17 home runs in his first-round matchup against Stanton . Sanchez 's hit six blasts that exceeded his longest career homer ( 450 feet ) as well as the longest of the competition to that point at 483 feet . Sanchez , along with teammate Judge , took swings against a familiar hurler -- Yankees batting-practice pitcher Danilo Valiente .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Sanchez jacks two homers in extra time
TOTAL : 17
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 483 feet ( 114 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 116 mph ( 411 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 443.5 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 109.5 mph
STANTON : Although he put on quite a show for the hometown fans , Stanton ultimately came up one homer shy of advancing . Still , he launched homer after homer to the distant depths of Marlins Park , with eight going at least 480 feet and 12 coming off his bat at 115 mph or harder . Stanton had gone deep just four times before taking his timeout with about 2:30 left , then went on a binge that brought him to within two long balls of Sanchez going into a dramatic 30-second bonus period .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Stanton rips 16 homers in round one
TOTAL : 16
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 496 feet ( 117 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 120 mph ( 492 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 456.4 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 113.9 mph
WINNER : SANCHEZ
Round 1 : Blackmon ( 6 ) vs. Bellinger ( 3 )
BLACKMON : The Rockies ' center fielder peppered the Marlins Park stands with a steady dose of long balls , totaling 14 . Blackmon did n't light up the scoreboard with his Statcast™ metrics , but he did put himself in good position to advance . He did so without the aid of the 30-second bonus time with none of his home runs reaching 440 feet . Blackmon saved the best for last as his final shot traveled 434 feet , his longest of the round .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Blackmon hammers 14 home runs in Round 1
TOTAL : 14
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 434 feet ( 104 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 109 mph ( 409 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 412.6 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 103.6 mph
BELLINGER : It took a while for the Dodgers rookie to find his groove , as he trailed Blackmon 14-7 with about 1:30 to go and 14-10 entering his final minute . But Bellinger 's 446-foot shot in the final seconds -- his second homer of at least 440 -- bought him 30 seconds of bonus time , and he took advantage . A majestic drive into the upper deck in right field as the bonus time expired pushed Bellinger into the second round .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Bellinger clinches Round 1 with 406-ft. shot
TOTAL : 15
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 446 feet ( 107 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 107 mph ( 446 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 400.4 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 102.5 mph
WINNER : BELLINGER
Round 1 : Bour ( 7 ) vs. Judge ( 2 )
BOUR : The Marlins ' first baseman put on a show for the hometown crowd , launching 22 home runs opposite Judge , who is MLB 's home run leader . Bour called his timeout with just over a minute remaining and only one home run at 440 feet or greater , but he came back and mashed nine more , five of them exceeding 440 feet to easily clinch a bonus 30 seconds . Bour used that time wisely , adding three more to establish a new Round 1 high .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Bour mashes 427-ft. homer for final homer
TOTAL : 22
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 464 feet ( 110 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 113 mph ( 455 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 421.7 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 107.1 mph
JUDGE : Faced with a sky-high number to beat and even higher expectations , Judge delivered in every way . For one thing , there was his 117-mph , 501-foot bomb that is the longest Statcast™ has tracked in its three years of Derby history , topping a 497-footer from Stanton last year . Judge hit six homers that had an exit velocity of 115 mph or harder and 23 in all , the last in bonus time to pass Bour and advance .
Video : HRD Rd1 : Judge takes Round 1 with extra-time homer
TOTAL : 23
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 501 feet ( 117 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 119 mph ( 416 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 431.6 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 111.9 mph
WINNER : JUDGE
Round 2 : Sanchez ( 8 ) vs. Sano ( 5 )
SANCHEZ : Sanchez 's bat cooled a bit in the second round as he managed just 10 homers after a thrilling 17-blast performance to the best Stanton in the opening round . Sanchez connected for five homers that traveled beyond 440 feet , allowing him to reach double digits in bonus time . Although the home runs were n't as frequent , Sanchez hit his longest in his second trip to the plate , and both his average distance and exit velocity were up in Round 2 .
Video : HRD Rd2 : Sanchez slugs 485-foot homer in Round 2
TOTAL : 10
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 485 feet ( 112 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 115 mph ( 393 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 442.8 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 109.9 mph
SANO : He matched his first-round total , passing Sanchez and stopping his round with 45 seconds still left on the clock , plus a 30-second bonus in the bag . Sano made it look easy , crushing one blast projected at 491 feet , plus another at 484 . After taking his timeout with 1:59 remaining , Sano effortlessly racked up his final five homers in the next 1 minute , 14 seconds to advance to the finals .
Video : HRD Rd2 : Sano belts a 491-ft. homer
TOTAL : 11
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 491 feet ( 111 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 113 mph ( 484 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 439.0 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 107.7 mph
WINNER : SANO
Round 2 : Bellinger ( 3 ) vs. Judge ( 2 )
BELLINGER : The Dodgers ' rookie sensation appeared to run out of steam in Round 2 , but he still put 12 home runs on the board . Bellinger 's longest blast was 433 feet , which put him short of qualifying for the 30-second bonus time . With his father pitching to him , Bellinger did , however , increase his average distance and exit velocity from his opening-round performance .
Video : HRD Rd2 : Bellinger hammers 12th homer of round
TOTAL : 12
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 433 feet ( 105 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 106 mph ( 374 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 406.5 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 103.1 mph
JUDGE : Advancing to the finals is one thing , but Judge did so much more than that , a feat he accomplished with a minute still left on the clock . When the Yankees rookie was n't sending homers the opposite way into the upper deck in right field , he was crushing 500-footers to left . Judge hammered three of those in the round -- 504 and 513 back-to-back , then a 507-shot to seal the deal . That gave him four over the 500 mark for the night , with the two longest of those being longer than any Statcast™ has tracked in game action in its three seasons .
Video : HRD Rd2 : Judge finishes off Round 2 with 507-ft. shot
TOTAL : TOTAL : 13
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 513 feet ( 118 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 119 mph ( 460 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 448.2 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 113.0 mph
WINNER : JUDGE
Final Round : Sano ( 5 ) vs. Judge ( 2 )
SANO : Sano started slowly , leaving the park just once before calling his timeout at 2:34 . But he found his rhythm after the break , immediately belting back-to-back homers and stretching his total from one to 10 . Sano punctuated his four minutes with a 449-footer at the buzzer that clinched bonus time .
Video : HRD Rd3 : Sano hits clutch homer , none in extra time
TOTAL : 10
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 449 feet ( 106 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 110 mph ( 447 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 416.5 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 106.4 mph
JUDGE : He never used his timeout and took only a little more than half of his allotted four minutes to hit 11 dingers and claim the title . Judge 's first three swings resulted in big flies , including a 469-foot shot to right-center field . A 112-mph , 458-foot blast that soared into the seats above straightaway center field put the finishing touches on a brilliant night , with just under two minutes remaining in the period .
Video : HRD Rd3 : Judge cranks 480-foot shot in the Finals
TOTAL : 11
LONGEST HR ( EXIT VELO ) : 480 feet ( 117 mph )
HARDEST HR ( DISTANCE ) : 118 mph ( 410 feet )
AVERAGE DISTANCE : 435.3 feet
AVERAGE EXIT VELOCITY : 112.5 mph
WINNER : JUDGE
Video : HRD : Torre presents Judge with HR Derby trophy
To Ravens fans living under a rock the past few years , we have a defensive tackle by the name of Brandon Williams that rivals Haloti Ngata 's prime in run stopping . Good news , ESPN is noticing him and felt the need to bring him up in their `` underrated players '' In $ ider post .
`` At age 24 , Williams was an old rookie in 2013 . He did n't start until 2014 . But he has been a reliable run defender over the past two seasons . He ranked eighth in stops ( any play that prevents an offense from gaining meaningful yardage toward a new set of downs ) among defensive tackles in 2015 . '' - Vincent Verhei
Reliable is n't even the half of it . Brandon 's phenomenal size combined with athleticism shuts down multiple running lanes each play . The reason for the ‘ underrated ' label has to do with him not being a pass rush specialist . Brandon has n't been asked to leave his his post clogging gaps to seek out the quarterback , instead he becomes a black hole where the run game goes to die . It works very well , and the reasoning is simple . Playing in the AFC North the run game is the identity of the division .
Running is the reason for most victories over each other in the AFCN . Williams is the gatekeeper and a complete necessity to stopping Le'Veon Bell Giovani Bernard , Jeremy Hill and Duke Johnson if he progresses well .
The value of a nose tackle that can suffocate the run game forces teams to become one dimensional in the pass . If the Ravens can figure out pass coverage this season a true difficulty for opposing offenses will be third down . No gain on most run plays courtesy of B-Will and C.J . Mosley force mid-to-deep-range passing downs . Baltimore ‘ just ' needs to contain passing offenses to become successful this season .
Electric Vehicle buyers in the US looking for a good deal now have three models to choose from , as General Motors just announced that pricing for the 2014 Chevy Spark EV starts at $ 27,495 . Buyers can also lease the EV for as low as $ 199 a month , which is the same monthly rate as the Fiat 500e and the Nissan Leaf .
Pricing for the 2014 Chevy Spark EV starts at $ 27,495 , but after the available tax credit , the price drops down to $ 19,995 . Buyers may also qualify for state and local tax credits , which could drop the Spark EV 's final price down to $ 17,495 .
“ The Chevrolet Spark EV is the most efficient – and now one of the most affordable – EVs you can buy ” said Chris Perry , vice president , Chevrolet Marketing . “ Combined with outstanding infotainment and great design , the fun-to-drive Spark EV is engineered to impress . ”
The Spark EV has an estimated driving range of 82 miles and is also the first vehicle on the market that is available with a new SAE combo charger for DC Fast Charging . The DC Fast Charging capability allows the Spark EV to recharge up to 80 percent of its capacity in only 20 minutes .
The 2014 Spark EV will be available throughout California and Oregon beginning mid-June 2013 .
Trey Gowdy is a true statesman – and there are so few of those left . The South Carolina Representative has absolutely had it with the disrespect for the law being shown by Hillary Clinton 's minions . He and fellow Representative , Jason Chaffatz , have vowed to enforce upon Hillary 's pals , the full weight of the laws which govern all Americans .
“ Where is the criminal liability ? ” Rep. Trey Gowdy said during a heated debate about Brian Pagliano , a State Department IT specialist who ignored a subpoena to appear before Congress and a separate subpoena to produce the immunity agreement he was given by the Department of Justice .
Brian Pagliano is one of three State Department IT staffers who worked with Hillary Clinton 's email while she was serving as the head of the federal agency .
Pagliano spoke to the FBI during the Hillary email scandal – but only after he had been offered immunity .
If Hillary 's staffer had not broken any laws , he would not have felt the need to garner an immunity agreement .
“ Congress ca n't prosecute anyone and the one entity who can have granted him immunity , ” Gowdy continued , noting Pagliano does not have a Fifth Amendment right not to answer questions which would not incriminate him in a criminal proceeding or have a right to ignore a lawfully issued subpoena .
Two of the other technicians who worked alongside Brian Pagliano at the State Department did appear before Congress as ordered – but kept their lips tightly closed .
Both Bill Thornton and Paul Combetta cited their Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination when called upon to answer questions , then immediately clammed up .
Even though the trio of IT techs did not answer a single question , their silence still did damage to Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
Guilty men tend to be the only ones unwilling to speak and clear their names and take steps to keep their reputations intact .
Trey Gowdy , like Jason Chaffatz , want to read the Brian Pagliano immunity agreement , and should have had a copy of it in hand prior to the start of the media .
If the Department of Justice will not back up the authority of a congressional subpoena , the words on the page have zero power when they are issued .
Had a common citizen , and not a Hillary Clinton pal , ignored subpoenas to appear before Congress and to provide any document demanded , we would be in handcuffs within hours .
Clinton 's arrogant attitude , and apparent belief both she and Bill are above the law , are readily apparent by their continued antics and the actions of those under their protection .
to discuss this story .
Penetration Testing Skype for Business : Exploiting the Missing Lync
Around a year ago , Black Hills documented multiple ways to obtain domain credentials from the outside using password spraying against Outlook Web Access . They then went on to release MailSniper , an excellent tool used to automate these attacks . The idea was then taken a step further by amongst others , our friends at MWR and SensePost who showed how malicious Outlook rules could be abused to gain an internal foothold * hat tip * .
T he MDSec ActiveBreach team have had a lot of success with these ideas and tools during our red team engagements , and wanted to contribute additional techniques back to the community that that have assisted us in obtaining domain credentials where Exchange is not exposed or attacks are unsuccessful .
Skype for Business ( S4B ) or Microsoft Communicator / Lync as it was formerly known , is a widely-deployed enterprise instant-messaging platform . S4B deployments typically come in one of two flavours ; an on-premise Skype for Business Server , or Skype for Business online which is available with Office 365 using either an Azure hosted AD or a tenant 's own identity provider . In this blog post , we will document techniques for abusing Skype for Business to identify domain credentials and discuss the implications of a compromised S4B account . We will also release a PowerShell tool that we 've named LyncSniper , in homage to Black Hills ' MailSniper .
Determining if your target is using S4B is relatively trivial and most organisations will advertise their deployment using the following DNS entries :
lyncdiscover.example.org lyncdiscoverinternal.example.org
The S4B client uses these DNS entries to autodiscover the location of the S4B server . A GET request to the autodiscover server over HTTPS will return a response similar to the following :
< resource rel= ” root ” href= ” https : //lync.example.org/Autodiscover/AutodiscoverService.svc/root ? originalDomain=example.org ” > < link rel= ” user ” href= ” https : // lync.example.org /Autodiscover/AutodiscoverService.svc/root/oauth/user ? originalDomain=example.org ” / > < link rel= ” xframe ” href= ” https : // lync.example.org/Autodiscover/XFrame/XFrame.html ” / > < /resource >
This resource points the user to the location of where they should authenticate and is essential knowledge for conducting passwords guessing attacks .
The response headers will also often contain the internal hostname of the S4B server , which may be of use for other attacks such as spraying a hosted IDP where the internal domain is required :
X-MS-Server-Fqdn : SERV1.internal.example.org
If the DNS entries do not exist , you might also find a S4B server by scanning the target 's perimeter on HTTPS ; nmap will reliably find these with a result similar to the following :
PORT STATE SERVICE REASON VERSION
443/tcp open ssl/sip syn-ack ttl 114 Microsoft Lync SIP 2013
A cursory analysis using only “ lyncdiscover.domain.tld ” reveals that over 26 % of the Alexa top 1 million domains is using S4B in some form and around 3.7 % are using Office 365 . As such , the potential attack surface is quite significant .
Before we can conduct a password spraying attack against S4B , we need to be able to authenticate to it . S4B supports a number of methods for authentication , including NTLM , Kerberos and OAuth .
Authentication using NTLM and Kerberos is achieved using the WebTicketService process . In short , this requires retrieving the WebTicketService URL from the X-MS-WebTicketURL header and using NTLM or Kerberos to make a SAML claim . If authentication is successful , a security token is returned that can be used with the X-MS-WebTicket header to impersonate a user within S4B .
However , a much simpler method of authentication can be achieved using OAuth and is the preferred technique used in the ActiveBreach LyncSniper tool . OAuth should always be enabled and Microsoft state that it “ can not be disabled or removed ” .
Requesting this URL will return a WWW-Authenticate header containing the supported authentication methods in the grant_type parameter . The following example supports Windows and Password authentication :
WWW-Authenticate : Bearer trusted_issuers= '' '' , client_id= '' 00000004-0000-0ff1-ce00-000000000000 '' , MsRtcOAuth href= '' https : //lync.example.org/WebTicket/oauthtoken '' , grant_type= '' urn : microsoft.rtc : windows , urn : microsoft.rtc : anonmeeting , password ''
Authentication at this point is relatively simple and can be achieved by sending a POST request to the URL contained in the WWW-Authenticate header with the following parameters :
grant_type= '' password '' ; username=user @ example.org ; password=Password1
If authentication is successful , the service will return a JSON response with a valid access_token that can be used to impersonate the user .
Authentication to S4B in Office 365 deployments works a little differently and our research implied that the grant_type of password is not supported . However , what we found was that for Azure AD hosted environments authentication is performed using Windows Live Authentication . We can determine if a S4B deployment is using Office 365 as the autodiscover service will respond with a host of https : //webdir * .online.lync.com . In this case authentication is relatively straight forward as it is performed to a static endpoint ( https : //login.microsoftonline.com/rst2.srf ) using WS-Trust and RST . The following SOAP message demonstrates an example of this :
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' UTF-8 '' ? >
< S : Envelope xmlns : S= '' http : //www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope '' xmlns : wsse= '' http : //docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/01/oasis-200401-wss-wssecurity-secext-1.0.xsd '' xmlns : wsp= '' http : //schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2004/09/policy '' xmlns : wsu= '' http : //docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/01/oasis-200401-wss-wssecurity-utility-1.0.xsd '' xmlns : wsa= '' http : //www.w3.org/2005/08/addressing '' xmlns : wst= '' http : //schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust '' >
< S : Header >
< wsa : Action S : mustUnderstand= '' 1 '' > http : //schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust/RST/Issue < /wsa : Action >
< wsa : To S : mustUnderstand= '' 1 '' > https : //login.microsoftonline.com/rst2.srf < /wsa : To >
< ps : AuthInfo xmlns : ps= '' http : //schemas.microsoft.com/LiveID/SoapServices/v1 '' Id= '' PPAuthInfo '' >
< ps : BinaryVersion > 5 < /ps : BinaryVersion >
< ps : HostingApp > Managed IDCRL < /ps : HostingApp >
< /ps : AuthInfo >
< wsse : Security >
< wsse : UsernameToken wsu : Id= '' user '' >
< wsse : Username > user @ example.org < /wsse : Username >
< wsse : Password > Password1 < /wsse : Password >
< /wsse : UsernameToken >
< wsu : Timestamp Id= '' Timestamp '' >
< wsu : Created > 2017-03-10T21:46:53.7355085Z < /wsu : Created >
< wsu : Expires > 2017-03-10T21:46:53.7355085Z < /wsu : Expires >
< /wsu : Timestamp >
< /wsse : Security >
< /S : Header >
< S : Body >
< wst : RequestSecurityToken xmlns : wst= '' http : //schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust '' Id= '' RST0 '' >
< wst : RequestType > http : //schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust/Issue < /wst : RequestType >
< wsp : AppliesTo >
< wsa : EndpointReference >
< wsa : Address > online.lync.com < /wsa : Address >
< /wsa : EndpointReference >
< /wsp : AppliesTo >
< wsp : PolicyReference URI= '' MBI '' > < /wsp : PolicyReference >
< /wst : RequestSecurityToken >
< /S : Body >
< /S : Envelope >
If authentication is successful , the service will respond with a security token in the BinarySecurityToken tag of the returned SOAP message .
At this point we have sufficient information to authenticate to both S4B for on-premise S4B servers and S4B online deployments . We could attempt to bruteforce passwords , however this will very likely lead to locking out accounts . A far more effective technique of identifying AD credentials is to conduct a password spraying attack . This attack involves attempting to login with a common password ( such as Password1 ) , across all enumerated accounts . In this scenario , you should still be mindful of locking out user accounts and limit the attempts performed in a given timeframe . Erring on the side of caution we typically spray 2 passwords per day , one first thing and one at the end of the day , and are yet to lockout any accounts .
To conduct a password spray attack using LyncSniper , you can use arguments similar to the following :
Invoke-LyncSpray –userlist users.txt –password Welcome1 –AutoDiscoverURL –verbose https : //lyncdiscover.example.org
If you do not supply an autodiscover URL , LyncSniper will attempt to find it for you .
Password bruteforcing is of course possible , and for on-premise deployments the restrictions are set by the target 's active directory account lockout policy . To avoid the risk of locking out accounts we advise liaising closely with your point of contact .
Bruteforcing Office 365 accounts is also possible , the account lockout policy is documented by Microsoft to be :
“ After 10 unsuccessful sign-in attempts ( wrong password ) , the user will be locked out for one minute . Further incorrect sign-in attempts will lock out the user for increasing durations . ”
LyncSniper attempts to avoid lockouts by adhering to this policy , attempting 9 login attempts then sleeping for 60seconds . After 60 seconds , LyncSniper performs a single login attempt and continues increasing the delay by a further 20 seconds , up to a maximum of 5 minutes between each login attempt . While this may not be fully optimal , we have had good success in avoiding lockouts .
A bruteforce of an Office 365 S4B deployment can be attempted using arguments similar to the following :
Invoke-LyncBrute -username user @ office365org.co.uk -passlist .\pass.lst -Office 365 –verbose
Compromising a Skype for Business account during a red team assessment opens up a significant number of opportunities , including to name but a few :
Obtaining the global address book ,
Understand employee relationships through favourite contacts ,
Social engineering users to visiting your hosted sites ,
Sending users attachments ,
Monitoring targets ( when they 're in the office , online or away ) via user presence .
If the target is offline , the S4B server may send your messages through to the target via e-mail :
To protect against such attacks , we recommended the following actions :
Restricting Skype for Business to internal networks and/or VPN access ,
Enforcing Multi-Factor authentication on Skype for Business Online ( Office 365 ) deployments ,
Ensuring a suitably complex password and account lockout policy is enforced across your domain .
Whats next ?
LyncSniper is under active development and we aim to bring a number of new features as we perform further research in this space , including NTLM authentication ( PTH ? ) , download and querying of contact lists and address book , sending IMs and sending attachments . We also welcome pull requests for others who are interested in enhancing the capabilities of this tool 🙂
LyncSniper can be downloaded from the MDSec github .
This blog post was written by @ domchell of the MDSec ActiveBreach team .
MADRID ( Reuters ) - Spanish police have arrested 25 Chinese nationals suspected of forming a criminal gang whose primary business was trafficking and sexually exploiting women in Barcelona brothels .
Eleven of the 25 arrested in the swoop on April 10 have been detained pending further investigation , police in the northeastern city said in a statement on Wednesday . The rest were released without charges , but their passports were confiscated .
Twenty-two Chinese women who had been forced to work as prostitutes were freed during the operation , which followed nearly eight months of investigation .
Women were systematically trafficked from China to Spain and some racked up debts of up to 15,000 euros ( $ 16,065 ) , which they had to pay off through prostitution .
The gang is also suspected of attempted murder , growing and dealing cannabis , among other drugs , and of having criminal connections in the Netherlands , Britain and Canada .
They had established routes to bring irregular immigrants into Spain , sometimes hiding them in luxury boats which arrived from Morocco , police said . ( $ 1 = 0.9337 euros )
If we had a nickel for every time someone here at The Bent Musket or in either fanbase asked , “ What is the New England Revolution doing with its affiliate relationship with the Rochester Rhinos ? ” we might very well have enough money to build a soccer-specific stadium .
In most cases , especially during the past two seasons , the answer has been : “ Nothing . ”
I had a wide-ranging discussion with Rochester Rhinos head coach and USL Hall of Fame inductee Bob Lilley before the USL season started about the process of finalizing the team 's roster . Lilley laid things out fairly bluntly to set the tone for the talk .
“ There 's no affiliation with New England this year . There 's none . ”
How We Got Here
The Revolution were one of the original four MLS teams to embark in the ground-breaking affiliation deal between that league and then-third division USL . A couple of the deals made sense geographically and due to existing relationships ; Philadelphia Union with Harrisburg City Islanders and D.C. United with the Richmond Kickers . The final partnership saw Sporting Kansas City team up with the ambitious Orlando City SC , which quickly set the bar for the cross-league affiliation .
Since 2013 , Dom Dwyer has been the yardstick against which the American soccer punditry have judged all subsequent MLS-to-USL loans . The English forward was a high pick in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft ( 16th overall ) but only made two league appearances for a total of 14 minutes during his rookie year . With all parties realizing that Dwyer would need significant playing time , and with the player attempting to secure a loan abroad , SKC 's partnership with Orlando was a godsend .
Dwyer scored 15 goals in 13 regular season matches for Orlando City , setting a record , before popping up for the playoff final and netting a ridiculous four times in his team 's 7-4 victory . In between those stints in Orlando , Dwyer scored his first goal in MLS against the Red Bulls in August . Dwyer now has 54 MLS goals .
Meanwhile , all of the players New England has sent to Rochester have a combined 0 goals in MLS , either before or after their loans ended .
In fact , the Revolution do not have a single success story from its affiliation partnership with the Rochester Rhinos , let alone anyone who can compare to Dwyer .
Only two players have ever featured in MLS for the Revolution during or after a loan spell to Rochester : Donnie Smith and Bilal Duckett . Duckett was recalled from his 2013 Rhinos loan to start a road match in Portland before heading straight back to Rochester . Smith joined the Revs in 2013 but amazingly still has more minutes in USL than in MLS .
Smith played seven matches for the Rhinos in 2014 and started one road game for Rochester last season for a total of 462 minutes . The left winger/fullback has only played 312 minutes in MLS for the Revolution . Despite not yet matching his minutes total in USL , Smith is the only player the Revolution has ever retained after a loan spell in Rochester .
All of the other 11 players who played for Rochester on loan from New England were cut either during the season or after that MLS season ended . 12 of 14 players sent on loan to any USL team in recent years have been released at the end of that campaign .
While the strategic value of the Revolution treating loans as extended auditions can be debated , the benefit of the relationship to the Rhinos has clearly declined .
In 2013 the four loaned players ( Matt Horth , Duckett , Tyler Polak , and Gabe Latigue ) combined for 4,279 league minutes for the Rhinos . The 2014 contingent ( Jossimar Sanchez , Alec Sundly , Luis Soffner , and Smith ) combined for 3,330 minutes . 2015 's loanees ( Tyler Rudy and Timi Mulgrew ) played 1,065 minutes while last season 's group ( Michael Gamble , Jordan McCrary , and Smith ) totaled just 185 minutes for Rochester .
With the pace at which play in USL has improved over the past 4 seasons , these diminishing returns represent a disconnect . Are players on the tail-end of MLS rosters by-and-large not good enough to start in USL or are the Revolution just particularly inept at identifying and developing talent ?
Where Things Stand Today
In our conversation in March , Bob Lilley was not fuming or even noticeably frustrated but rather seemed to have accepted the unfortunate dissolution of a once-promising partnership .
“ I think it 's a distance thing for them . Obviously it was nice to have that affiliation but I got ta worry as a coach about putting something together . Obviously to have New England as an affiliate would be a positive thing but ultimately New England 's got ta figure out the best recipe for them to have success . And we have to be able to carry our own weight , too . I think intentions were good throughout from both sides . I 'm not sure it was ever maximized . ”
“ But certainly , this year there is , I will say on the record , there is not an affiliation . So I 'm not anticipating anything to change at this point . So our roster will be all players under contract with us . ”
This is all relevant in light of Wednesday 's news that Homegrown midfielder Zachary Herivaux will be joining former Revolution defender Stephen McCarthy at USL side San Antonio FC . Lilley has long spoken positively of the young Herivaux , believing that time in Rochester could have helped with his development .
In the summer of 2015 , while discussing local product Nikkye de Point training with the team , Lilley told me he would love to have Herivaux in town if only for training sessions even if the youngster did not play . In March , Lilley told me that during the 2016 campaign , “ [ Herivaux ] would have helped us , we would have found time . ”
Later on Lilley brought up the Revolution Homegrown again . “ We have a commitment to our fans and media to put out a good product , as well . If you 're into development , you give me a guy to work with that has potential – and Herivaux is a very good example . I love his athleticism and his range ; he 's not too different than what I saw in Ryan James in that regard . ”
“ I 'll find a way to get good production and quality out of him . He may not have been better than sitting down [ Gershon ] Koffie or [ Scott ] Caldwell or [ Diego ] Fagundez or any of those other guys . But here he 'd get regular minutes and he would maybe be further along this year in preseason because he got a string of games . ”
Lilley detailed that he offered his outstanding performers to the Revolution during the 2015 season and during the offseasons . The veteran USL coach told me that the partnership had the chance to increase Rochester 's recruitment efforts by providing an inside-track to MLS coaches and scouts .
“ When Tony Walls and Onua Obasi had a good season ; I said , Bring them in and if you do n't think they can make your squad for the next year , if they 're not better than what you have , then at least our guys are seeing that and paying attention . Seeing Walls and Obasi get a chance , our guys see that and use it as fuel . Like , if I try hard here maybe I can catch the eye of New England , but when you do n't ever bring a guy up or ever even try to – not even , we talked about what 's wrong with inviting a couple of guys in for preseason . Wo n't cost you a lot of money , it helps the partnership and they 'll be fitter when we get here and you can get a free peek . ”
After helping Rochester lift the 2015 USL Cup , club captain Tony Walls spent preseason with Minnesota United FC of the NASL and Onua Obasi was on trial with the Philadelphia Union ahead of the 2016 season .
“ We told them Philly 's interested [ in John McCarthy ] and we knew they were looking at potential goalkeepers the one year ... and Philly bought him out of his contract with us . If New England had wanted him we may have let him out for half the price or just let them have him for the good of the relationship because it would have shown that a guy did well and now he 's with New England . That 's incentive for every other player that comes in here . ”
Lilley highlighted players who improved over their tenure in Rochester and have since earned more lucrative contracts . “ I know we want to develop players here and players are getting better and any time a player leaves here , they get other opportunities for more money. ” Lilley pointed to the dramatic improvements he 's seen in players from year 1 to year 2 in preseason .
Beyond McCarthy moving to the Union , Pat McMahon has gone to FC Cincinnati , Obasi and dos Santos went to Ottawa Fury SC , and Christian Volesky has already been named USL Player of the Week for Saint Louis FC ; all have earned higher contracts after improving their game under the tutelage of Rochester 's coaching staff .
On the other hand , New England has cut 11 of 12 players sent on loan to their USL affiliate since 2013 ( and 12 of 14 players sent on loan to any USL teams ) . None of those 11 players have seen the field in MLS since leaving Foxborough . Goalkeepers Trevor Spangenberg and Matt Turner have both been loaned to Richmond in recent seasons . Spangenberg played 2 USL matches in 2015 before getting cut by the Revolution while Turner played 7 matches last year and was retained by the club . Turner is in his second season with New England and is currently on loan to the Kickers again in 2017 .
If Rochester was willing to ensure playing time , why did New England give up on using loans to its USL affiliate ?
Distance is always a talking point but Vancouver Whitecaps FC successfully partnered Charleston Battery and more recently Colorado Rapids have developed players through its partnership with Charlotte Independence . With more than double the flight time that potential Revolution loanees would face , John Berner ( 36 ) and Caleb Calvert ( 41 ) have played a significant number of games while starters Dominique Badji and Marlon Hairston also saw minutes in Charlotte .
Since the cross-league affiliations began in 2013 and MLS reserves sides joined USL in 2014 , several MLS clubs have invested in bringing academy products up to speed and providing playing time to young professionals . Many clubs have followed LA Galaxy 's lead and are providing vertical integration of teams from youth to senior ranks like Toronto FC ( and TFC II and TFC III ) , but several are still using a mix of long-term and short-term loans as tools for player growth .
The Revolution have taken a new approach this year , opting to have multiple USL affiliates .
“ When it comes to loan possibilities for first team players , we look for opportunities that will give our players significant playing time in competitive matches . We will continue to try and provide our players options that benefit the player and give the club an opportunity to improve our first team , ” said New Revolution general manager , Michael Burns . “ In previous years we had one partner for loan opportunities , but it was sometimes difficult for us and the partner to find situations that were beneficial to both parties . This season we are opting for a strategy where we maintain relationships with a number of different clubs to ensure each of our players gets the right opportunity . ”
While 2017 may well bring successful loan spells for Matt Turner at Richmond Kickers , Brian Wright at Tulsa Roughnecks , and Herivaux at San Antonio , questions still remain . Why were these players and others not provided the opportunity with the Revolution 's USL affiliate , Rochester Rhinos ? Will these players remain on the books in New England after the 2017 season ?
What will life look like for both the Rhinos and the Revolution now that the partnership has collapsed ?
By Olivia Solon , Wired UK
Researchers at the school of physics and astronomy at Tel Aviv University have created a track around which a superconductor can float , thanks to the phenomenon of `` quantum levitation '' .
[ partner id= '' wireduk '' align= '' right '' ]
This levitation effect is explained by the Meissner effect , which describes how , when a material makes the transition from its normal to its superconducting state , it actively excludes magnetic fields from its interior , leaving only a thin layer on its surface .
When a material is in its superconducting state – which involves very low temperatures – it is strongly diamagnetic . This means that when a magnetic field is externally applied , it will create an equally opposing magnetic field , locking it in place .
A material called yttrium barium copper oxide can be turned into a superconductor by exposure to liquid nitrogen – which makes it one of the highest-temperature superconductors .
In the video it appears that a puck of yttrium barium copper oxide cooled by liquid nitrogen is repelling the magnets embedded on the handheld device . It also shows that the angle of the magnet can be locked in a magnetic field . Later in the video the puck can be seen to zoom round a circular track of magnets , in the same way that Maglev high-speed trains do .
Source : Wired.co.uk
See Also :
How Dangerous is Sen. Coburn 's Amendment to Kill Bike/Ped Funding ?
For the last few days , we 've been talking a lot about Sen. Tom Coburn 's crusade to remove bike/ped funding from the transportation bill — even just from the six-month extension that just passed the House and is on its way to the Senate . He 's determined to insert an amendment to take out the funds .
Ever the gentleman , Coburn had his office contact the Rails-to-Trail Conservancy , a principal supporter of Transportation Enhancement funding , since rail-trails are one of a dozen uses for the funds . Coburn 's office let RTC know that the senator would be introducing an amendment to eliminate TE funding .
Kevin Mills , vice president of policy at RTC , emphasizes that Coburn wants to eliminate the federal mandate to spend certain federal dollars on certain programs . There would no longer be dedicated funding for bike and pedestrian projects , but they would still be eligible for federal money . Without a federal mandate , however , many states hardly spend any money on active transportation at all .
Mills said that Coburn 's office left no doubt that the senator would do whatever it takes to force a vote on TE . Senate leadership is determined to pass a clean extension and wanted , like the House , to have a simple , amendment-free process . If leadership refuses to entertain Coburn 's amendment , many expect that Coburn will filibuster , though his office wo n't explicitly say so .
If he does filibuster , all that means is that it 'll take 60 senators to bring the extension bill to a vote ( without Coburn 's amendment ) . Bike advocacy groups are clearly worried about this possibility . But the facts are enough to give us hope .
The last time Coburn tried to kill TE funding ( yes , he 's been at this for a while ) , in 2009 , he offered two amendments . One would have prohibited the use of federal funds for TE projects if the Highway Trust Fund could n't cover unfunded highway authorizations . He had to withdraw that amendment for lack of support . The other amendment would have only eliminated the “ set-aside , ” or the federal mandate for all states to spend money on these programs . He lost that vote , with just 38 other senators voting with him and 59 voting to keep TE .
Now , “ times are different , ” Mills said . But the Congressional fervor over spending cuts still might not be enough to win the day for Sen. Coburn .
Of the 59 senators that voted to keep TE , 51 are still in the Senate . Five are Republicans , who will be under a lot of pressure to switch their votes . But then , at least one senator has pledged to switch her vote in the other direction , to save Transportation Enhancements . A couple of newly elected senators have also promised to vote to save TE .
Perhaps more importantly , many lawmakers who would love nothing more than to kill bike/ped funding once and for all are committed to voting against Coburn 's amendment . Even Sen. James Inhofe , who has been on record for years as wanting to get rid of the program , has said he wo n't vote for Coburn 's amendment this time because it 's too important to get a clean extension done quickly , without introducing controversial measures that will slow it down . Knowing they 'll have their chance again in six months , even many TE opponents will put procedure before their anti-bike/ped zeal and vote the amendment down .
That should provide some comfort to cyclists , pedestrians , and others who benefit from Enhancement programs , but it just provides a little time to regroup for the big fight , in six months or whenever a longer-term bill is finally debated and voted on . Undoubtedly , the movement to kill TE will be in full swing then , and the movement to save it will have to be stronger .
There are a small set of facts here , but they have profound implications for how we live our lives .
There 's a new Kickstarter project called Amabrush . It 's shaped like a mouthguard , and it brushes your teeth all at once in 10 seconds . A removable handle makes the whole setup look like an adult pacifier . It 's what vibrates the `` brush '' mouthpiece and dispenses the toothpaste . The handle uses proprietary toothpaste capsules .
Notice what 's missing ? That 's right , there 's no app . How am I supposed to set up an IFTTT recipe to tweet @ my mom every time I brush ?
Otherwise , this is peak Kickstarter : a pod-based business model ( $ 3 or so for about a month 's supply of toothpaste ) due to an unconventional form factor ( apparently the toothpaste needs to be specially formulated to squeeze out correctly ) that solves a problem nobody knew they had ( spending one or two minutes a day brushing their teeth instead of 10 to 10 seconds ) .
Oh , and there 's a $ 113 `` Amabrush Pro '' early-bird bundle that includes a wireless charging station . Wireless charging ! For your mouthbrush 's pod-based vibration handle !
I 'm in heaven .
Alex Wong/Getty Images
To pop or not to pop , that is the question for central bankers .
Whether 't is wiser for the economy to suffer the booms and busts of irrational exuberance , or to take arms against a sea of bubbles and by opposing end them . In other words , should the Federal Reserve only try to clean up after a bubble has already popped , or should it actively try to pop bubbles so the clean-up is easier ?
Now , as you might have guessed , the choice is n't so simple . While nobody thinks policymakers can afford to ignore financial froth anymore , the economy ca n't afford for them to pay too much attention to it , either . Raising rates would eventually burst any bubbles we may be experiencing -- but that 'd come at the cost of higher unemployment . Regulating away a bubble makes more sense , since it would n't hurt the rest of the economy , but it 's not clear that regulators can actually pull this off . So it 's a choice between a tool that would work too well , and a tool that might not work well enough .
What Sweden tells us about bubbles
That 's a lesson Sweden has more than learned . Sweden has become the unlikely guinea pig for raising rates to fight a bubble . Now , until a few years ago , Sweden had been what Neil Irwin called the `` rockstar of the recovery '' : aggressive fiscal and particularly monetary stimulus had helped it bounce back from the crisis faster than almost any other country . But , despite still-low inflation , its central bank , the Riksbank , began to worry that it had bounced back too fast , and that households were taking on too much debt , up to 174 percent of their income . That 's why , over the protests of Lars Svensson , one of its deputy governors and one of the world 's leading monetary economists , Sweden 's central bank began hiking rates in July 2010 . Well , part of the reason . As Paul Krugman points out , the Riksbank initially said that it needed to raise rates to keep inflation in check . But then , when inflation refused to show up , it said it still needed to do so , this time to keep a housing bubble in check . It 's what Krugman calls `` sado-monetarism '' : a pathological fear of low rates that leads to a never-ending search for a reason , any reason , to raise them .
This did n't just cripple Sweden 's recovery . It crippled Swedish households too . And in doing so , it paradoxically made a crisis more likely . See , Sweden 's economy had been doing better than most others , but not so much that it could withstand seven rate hikes while joblessness was still high . This premature tightening kept unemployment from falling much further , and made inflation fall well below target—into negative territory .
And this is the key point : low inflation means higher real debt burdens . So raising rates to try to stop households from taking on more debt actually increases their inflation-adjusted indebtedness . It 's a policy with almost all costs and no benefits—and that 's according to the Riksbank 's own calculations . As Svensson points out , the central bank estimates that the benefits of raising rates to try to pop a bubble are only 0.14 percent of the costs . No wonder the Riksbank recently reversed course , and cut rates back near zero .
Containing bubbles , not popping them
So Sweden is n't trying to pop its bubble anymore . It 's trying to make it less dangerous instead . It 's using what economists call `` macroprudential regulations '' to try to limit risky debt—for example , by making borrowers pay back their mortgages faster . As David Wessel points out , this is the same approach that Fed Chair Janet Yellen , ECB chief Mario Draghi , and Bank of England deputy Jon Cunliffe have all endorsed recently . That 's because central bankers realize they ca n't make policy that helps the financial economy but hurts the real one without it eventually rebounding back onto the financial one , too . Instead , they need to give the real economy the policy it needs , and the financial one the regulation it does . That could be everything from increasing bank capital ratios to increasing down payment requirements when housing prices are booming .
It 's a matter of slowing , not stopping , the bubble—and surviving it if it does pop .
An average American boy was shot and killed by police in northern California 's wine country this week after sheriff 's deputies say they mistook 13-year-old Andy Lopez for a grown man about to open fire with an assault rifle .
Witnesses say the deputies in Santa Rosa , Calif. , twice called for Andy to “ drop the gun , ” before the boy turned toward the squad car , which had its lights on and had let out at least one siren chirp .
One officer , apparently perceiving that the tip of the gun was being raised in his direction as Andy turned , opened fire . Given that the entire encounter took place in the span of 10 seconds , Andy 's friends and family are raising questions about whether overly jumpy police officers acted too rashly . Police say officers could not distinguish a toy gun that shot plastic pellets from a real one at the 30-foot range , and reacted in line with training .
The police shooting – the seventh in the US so far in October – happened on Tuesday in a field near Andy 's home . He was walking to a friend 's house to return the realistic-looking toy gun , which had had its orange safety tip removed . He was shot seven times , according to the coroner . The boy had another toy gun jammed in his belt , police say .
Police officers have mistaken toy guns for real in the past , which is partly why toy manufacturers are now required to mark toy guns with orange rifle plugs .
Nevertheless , the shooting and reaction to it , sociologists say , probe the potentially deadly mixture of police training and innocent toy play – a dynamic made only more poignant against a backdrop of news about mass shootings and public gun violence and a US culture that is increasingly tolerant of public-carry of weapons by adults .
At the least , the incident is giving parents pause about whether to let children play with toy guns on the street . It challenges the police community , too , to daily parse potential threats to themselves and the broader public .
“ I think [ Andy 's death ] is a deeply resonant case because it reminds us , not unlike the George Zimmerman case [ in the Trayvon Martin shooting ] , that so much of the ramifications of having an ‘ armed society ' is predicated on how ‘ threat ' is socially defined , ” says Jennifer Carlson , a sociologist at the University of Toronto and an expert on US gun culture , in an e-mail . The problem is that “ what defines ‘ violent threat ' varies widely in different social contexts … [ meaning that ] you have a recipe for potentially lethal misunderstandings , ” she says .
According to Sonoma County police officials investigating the shooting , the two officers – one a veteran , one a rookie – spotted a person on Tuesday afternoon wearing a hoodie and holding what appeared to be an assault rifle in his left hand . They stopped the squad car and took cover behind its doors , police said .
The officers told investigators that the person appeared to raise the barrel toward the officers as he turned around . Only after approaching the body did the officers realize the truth – that it was n't a threatening gunman but a boy with a toy rifle .
`` The deputy 's mind-set was that he was fearful that he was going to be shot , '' said Santa Rosa police Lt. Paul Henry .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
National reaction has ranged from sympathy for the police officers to tough questions about whether the officer fired before properly ascertaining the threat . In the community of Santa Rosa , hundreds of people marched on Wednesday night , chanting , “ We need justice. ” Both officers , according to protocol , have been put on paid administrative leave pending an internal investigation into the shooting .
The shooting of Andy Lopez comes just over a month after a police officer in North Carolina was charged with manslaughter for shooting and killing an unarmed man trying to get help after a severe car accident . Another police shooting in Washington , D.C. , on Oct. 3 , of a mother who tried to drive her car through two security barricades and who later was said to be suffering from a severe case of postpartum depression , has also raised questions about officers ' shoot-to-kill response to a perceived threat .
Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WDSU .
( CNN ) -- Three current and former New Orleans , Louisiana , police officers were convicted Thursday for shooting and burning a man in the chaos following Hurricane Katrina , then later trying to cover up the crime .
Two other officers -- one current and one former -- were acquitted at the close of the 19-day trial .
U.S. Attorney Jim Letten painted the split verdicts as a victory for prosecutors , as well as for the hurricane-ravaged city and its beleaguered police department . The crimes , one of several involving New Orleans police that have been and are set to go to trial , occurred just days after the hurricane hit the city .
`` Tonight 's verdict is a critical phase in the recovery and healing of this city , of the people ... and this region , '' Letten said .
`` This is a really positive move toward healing . ''
The jury found one-time New Orleans police officer David Warren guilty of manslaughter for killing 31-year-old Henry Glover on September 2 , 2005 . He was also found guilty of deprivation of rights under color of law -- a charge that relates to abusing one 's status as a police officer while breaking the law .
Prosectuors contended that Warren fired at Glover from the police station 's balcony after he allegedly saw Glover heading toward the station with something in his hand .
After Glover was shot , bystanders drove the victim to a nearby school looking for help . Instead , the men were allegedly beaten by police officers at the school , who then left the school with a car that had Glover 's body in it .
Ex-Lt. Greg McRae was found guilty on four of five counts , including using a fire to commit a felony -- that is , burning the Chevy Malibu with Glover 's body inside the car . The jury convicted him on three counts of deprivation of rights under the color of the law , and found him not guilty on one such count .
Lt. Dwayne Scheuermann , facing the same charges as McRae , was acquitted on all counts .
Former Lt. Travis McCabe was found guilty on one charge of obstructing a federal investigation and two counts of making false statements .
Lt. Robert Italiano was acquitted after being charged with making false statements .
The case is part of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division 's ongoing investigation in what it calls `` patterns or practices '' of alleged misconduct within the New Orleans police department in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Earlier this year , federal prosecutors announced the indictments of at least four New Orleans police officers accused of killing two men in the infamous Danziger Bridge incident . The shootings occurred at the bridge on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast .
An indictment alleges that two separate shootings at the bridge resulted in the deaths of a teenager and a 40-year-old disabled man .
Letten said that the New Orleans police department , under recently hired chief Ronal Serpas , has made significant strides in ending corruption and addressing other problems since Hurricane Katrina . And he said the jury 's decision Thursday should help address old problems and help the department move forward .
`` There was and is a culture that is changing , and I think that needs to be changed , '' Letten said . `` This is part of the process that , I think , helps to change that culture . ''
Is Scalia the most vile person in Washington ? Here 's a case for yes
A day after Justice Antonin Scalia caused gasps in the Supreme Court gallery by saying the 1965 Voting Rights Act had become a “ racial entitlement ” no congressperson could vote against , Rachel Maddow told The Daily Show she was in the courtroom and Scalia clearly enjoyed tormenting people . “ I think he does know how that sounds , ” she said . “ He 's a troll . He 's saying this for effect . He knows it 's offensive . ”
There 's no shortage of badly behaving Republicans in Washington . There 's the take-or-leave-it congressional leadership , who constantly show they value rightwing ideology more than its impact on people . There are intransigent obstructionists , like the NRA 's Wayne LaPierre , who believes the answer to gun violence is more guns . But Scalia is n't simply another Republican bully ; he may be the most venal and fascist Republican of all .
Advertisement :
It 's one thing to be a political bully and enjoy it , as Scalia does . But it 's another to say that the other branches of government are broken because they 're not doing things he agrees with ; and then abuse the power of his office to overthrow that governance and perpetuate his legacy . That 's close to how European despots acted before World War II .
Let 's unpack what Scalia said about the 1965 Voting Rights Act with an eye to seeing his method , not just his madness . It is the same backstory to his mocking outbursts over the years , whether telling law school students asking about Bush v. Goreto “ get over it , ” or arrogantly answering questions put by other justices to lawyers—such as 2008'sHeller case where he coached libertarian lawyers and then wrote the opinion that for the first time in U.S. history said the Second Amendment included a personal right to a handgun at home .
Scalia has long had a visceral hatred of the democratic process . In the 2000 's Bush v. Gore , which awarded the presidency to George W. Bush , he could barely contain himself in telling us there was no federal constitutional right to vote for president . He 's said the direct election of U.S. senators ( the 17th Amendment ) violated state sovereignty . After the Brady Bill created a national system of background checks for gun buyers , he wrote a majority opinion saying states did n't have to participate in that system .
In all of this , Scalia boasts that he is a constitutional originalist , meaning he wants to see the law interpreted as he believes the founders intended . However , that boast falls apart when one sees that he is by far the most activist and radical of all the Court 's justices . His 2008 opinion expanding Second Amendment rights is a prime example of such revisionism .
The Voting Right Act
Republicans have been targeting the federal Voting Rights Act for years , because in the 16 states where it is law they can not rig voting rules to give their party an advantage . In 2006 , when Congress last reauthorized the law , not one senator voted against it . The House vote was 390-33 . In 2012 , there were numerous lawsuits involving the VRA , where the Justice Department intervened and won on behalf of minority voters .
Advertisement :
The case that came before the Supreme Court last week focused on whether the law 's strongest tool—a section allowing the Justice Department or a Washington appeals court to reject changes in state voting laws—should stand . Republicans had argued that the U.S. had moved into a post-racial period in elections and Section 5 was not needed . Scalia surprised everyone by deepening that argument and essentially contending that Congress did not have the guts to vote against a law that had outgrown its usefulness .
“ And this last enactment , not a single vote in the Senate against it . And the House is pretty much the same ... I think it is attributable , very likely attributable , to a phenomenon that is called perpetuation of racial entitlement . It 's been written about . Whenever a society adopts racial entitlements , it is very difficult to get out of them through the normal political processes . ”
Scalia 's mention of “ racial entitlements ” caused the stir in the gallery . He continued :
“ I do n't think there is anything to be gained by any Senator to vote against continuation of this act . And I am fairly confident it will be reenacted in perpetuity unless—unless a court can say it does not comport with the Constitution ... [ T ] his is not the kind of question you can leave to Congress ... Even the name of it is wonderful : The Voting Rights Act . Who is going to vote against that in the future ? ”
Advertisement :
Scalia 's statements are outrageous—and dangerous—in so many ways . First , it presumes that only he , and not the Congress , knows what 's best for American democracy . Second , it substitutes his prejudices for facts . Judges are supposed to apply the law to facts and defer to legislative history and intent , not trample it . His arrogance goes beyond mere bullying . It is the temperamant of a dictator .
“ That speech , even without the bile—even had it been couched in , ‘ What is a judge to do ? ' terms—is unimaginably injudicious , ” wrote a lawyer in an e-mail to AlterNet who did not want to be named because he appears in federal court .
“ Never mind that the 15th Amendment gives Congress unfettered enforcement power with no reference to equal protection—which Scalia did n't even invoke—let alone majority protection . Never mind that those parts of the country that are subject to [ the Voting Right Act 's ] Section 5 have kept Section 5 enforcement a thriving industry . Forget the racism . Let 's assume Scalia uses the same bathroom as [ Justice Clarence ] Thomas . Forget that the case fits into the Republican strategy of keeping power under a fake democracy whose elements deny it even a semblance popular support and which wants to move on . Beyond all that it 's jurisprudential evil . ”
Advertisement :
Scalia seems to be tapping the legal theory that a judge could strike down a law that 's not used and force its re-enactment—if Congress felt it were needed . In this case , however , the provisions under attack in this GOP-led suit against the VRA are very much used . If anything , one could argue that the law should apply to all 50 states . “ But notice the difference , ” the anonymous lawyer told AlterNet . “ Section 5 is a law that is reaffirmed periodically , by increasing majorities , and it is actively and frequently enforced . So the bastard Scalia bastardizes , standing the principle on its head . ”
Then , he does it again—twisting more legal reasoning to fit his prejudices . There are famous rulings where the Supreme Court has said that tougher standards should come into play if a court might invalidate a law focused on a “ discrete and insular minority. ” Here , Scalia said that the congressional majorities that re-enacted the VRA in 2006 was too accomodating of racial minorities . “ Here , too , the bastard bastardizes… declaring that when a majority is too solicitous of such a minority—in effect is caught up in the poltical correctness—it 's time for judges to step in and be politically incorrect , and undo the mealy-mouthed politicians . ”
This is dangerous stuff . This is not at the same level as the GOP 's politics of obstruction surrounding the federal debt that is now centerstage in Congress . Scalia has the power to rewrite the rules for who participates in American democracy and those decisions could last for decades—until Congress or another Supreme Court majority reverses them .
Advertisement :
His past tirades have been extremely damaging . Scalia helped give the White House to George W. Bush by stopping Florida 's 2000 recount . He was the lead voice saying the Second Amendment gives people a right to own a handgun at home , which is where most gun violence occurs . In Citizens United , he said that corporations have the same speech rights as people in certain types of political operations . And now , he wants to unravel voting rights , based on rightwing articles he 's read instead of a vast congressional record .
“ Put it in the context of all the rest [ that ] Scalia and men like him have done , ” AlterNet 's legal analyst said . “ They should just drop the pretense and put on armbands . ”
