Malaysian Imam Azhar Idrus stated that “ girls are getting married at a later age due to education , adding that they are about 28 years old by the time they are finished with university ” and that by “ 28 years old , no one would want to marry them . ”
Robert Spencer addresses the acceptance of child marriage in Islam here , and with respect to Malaysia , traditional Muslims have been stalling efforts to reform child marriage laws .
As an overview of this atrociously abusive practice : in Turkey , there have been at least 500,000 known child brides ; nearly 6,000 now exist in Saudi Arabia under the age of 14 ; Muslim migrant child brides have been discovered in Germany , while refugee workers say that the people in those marriages should remain in the country . These are children in need of protection , but a two-tier system is now in progress , and an accepted abuse of females is part of it . The UK has now declared it is “ powerless ” to do anything about Islamic child marriage because of some “ legal loophole. ” That was announced three years ago , and still there has been no announcements on fixing this “ loophole . ”
“ Preacher lambasted for saying girls should get married at 15 ” , by Mei Mei Chu , The Star , December 28 , 2017 :
On Sept. 2nd with the rest of the NASL chasing down the second-place Deltas , San Francisco found themselves in a must-win away game against the Indy Eleven . They responded with an impressive 2-0 victory .
Then , because of Hurricane Irma , San Francisco had a home and away game delayed against Miami FC on Sept. 9th and Sept. 16th .
Eighteen days later the Deltas still find themselves in second-place facing an important away game against the New York Cosmos . Amazingly the team held their position in the combined NASL standings despite not playing one game .
Miami leads the combined NASL standings and fall season . If that holds , the next three teams in the combined standings will make the playoffs .
The Deltas are in second place in the standings with 35 points . North Carolina FC is third with 33 points . Fourth place is held by the Jacksonville Armada , also with 33 points but an inferior goal differential . The New York Cosmos sit just outside the playoffs in fifth place with 32 points .
If San Francisco can come away with a victory in New York , they can put some significant distance between them and the Cosmos .
Another factor also favoring the Deltas is they have more games to play than any of the other playoff contenders . San Francisco has played only 22 games . North Carolina has played 26 games . Jacksonville and New York have played 24 games .
It will be interesting what the long layoff will mean for San Francisco . The eighteen days have been the longest gap between games for the team , even including the pause between the NASL spring and fall seasons .
Dagoberto should be available for the San Francisco Deltas as they play the New York Cosmos in Brooklyn . ( Robert Edwards-KLC fotos )
San Francisco 's small bench will hopefully be at full strength . Pablo Dyego had a breakout game against Indy Eleven , and it will be interesting to see if he can continue his form against New York . The veteran Dagoberto , who was unable to travel to Indy because he was nursing an injury , should be available for tonight 's match .
After tonight match in New York , San Francisco will return home to Kezar Stadium to play FC Edmonton on Saturday , Sept.23rd at Kezar Stadium . The team will be looking to get some revenge for their loss a month ago to the Eddies .
Then the Deltas will hit the road for three consecutive road matches . They will travel to Edmonton for a game on Oct. 1st . They then will play two away games in Miami on Wednesday , Oct. 4th ( the delayed Sept. 16th game ) and Saturday , October 7th .
San Francisco could then potentially play four of its final five games at home . The Deltas play Wed. Oct. 11th against Indy Eleven , Saturday , Oct. 14th against Puerto Rico , and Saturday , Oct. 28th against Jacksonville . The team has not yet announced where and when it will play it 's September 9th makeup game against Miami FC .
“ This is my wish for you :
Comfort on difficult days ,
smiles when sadness intrudes ,
rainbows to follow the clouds ,
laughter to kiss your lips ,
sunsets to warm your heart ,
hugs when spirits sag ,
beauty for your eyes to see ,
friendships to brighten your being ,
faith so that you can believe ,
confidence for when you doubt ,
courage to know yourself ,
patience to accept the truth ,
Love to complete your life . ”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson
And last but not least….I wish you get everything on your arcade wish list ! 😛
> Arcade Shopping Guide <
> Arcade SLurl < ( opens at midnight )
Happy December !
Credits :
Decor :
* Tree : Botanical – Green Holiday Fir Small by Kriss Lehmann
Gift boxes : { what next } 8 With Love Giftboxes ( MESH ) by Winter Thorn
* Chair : MudHoney Sydney Chair – Brown by Rayvn Hynes
* Bears : < : * BoOgErS * : > Bears by Zen Zarco ( @ Arcade )
* Bar : Erratic Hot Chocolate Bar by Erratic Rain ( @ Arcade )
Christmas Pudding : Apple Fall Christmas by warehousefifteendesigns ( @ Arcade )
What ManBerry is wearing :
Skin : Fruk – Jeremy skin shade 6 Black by Chucky Hollak
Hair : Exile : :Vindicated Blacks by Kavar Cleanslate
Sweater : [ dynasty ] – Nordic Hoodie – Woods [ M ] by kiddreamz ( @ Arcade )
* Pants : FATEwear Jeans – Skinny Billy by Damien Fate
Shoes : ( AMD ) Neon Wings * M * – Bad Santa by Apple May ( @ Arcade )
Mesh Hands : Slink Male Hands ( AvEnhance ) Relax by Siddean Munro
What Strawberry Singh is wearing :
* Skin : .Birdy . Blair Skin ~Peaches~ Peachy ( Brown ) by Nina Helix ( @ Arcade )
* Hair+Outfit : Exile : :First Snow ( Small ) by Kavar Cleanslate ( @ Arcade )
* Shoe : ( AMD ) Neon Wings * F * – Pink by Apple May ( @ Arcade )
* Ringh : ASO ! Vintage Alphabet Ring ( STAR ) RARE by Menieelee Gelles ( @ Arcade )
* Leg warmers : [ monso ] My Leg Warmer – Pink by Morphine Janick
* Mesh Hands : Slink Avatar Enhancement Hands – Relaxed by Siddean Munro
Mesh Eyelids : Slink Mesh eyelids by Siddean Munro
* Poses : Exposeur by RubyStarlight Writer
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
IDF kills terrorist in Gaza f or the first time since Operation Pillar of Defense : Israeli aircraft killed a senior terrorist in north Gaza at approximately 10 am Tuesday . According to Israeli security officials , the terrorist , a Salafi who belongs to Global Jihad , orchestrated the recent rocket attack on Eilat , Israel 's southernmost city .
The Palestinians reported that the terrorist was riding his motorbike near a Hamas training camp when he was targeted by an Israeli aircraft . Another man , apparently the terrorist 's aide , was injured in the strike .
Related stories :
Hamas ' Health Ministry identified the terrorist as Haytham Almishal , 24 , a resident of the Shati refugee camp who worked in security at the Shifa Hospital in Gaza . Channel 10 said Mashal was a rocket-manufacuring expert .
Scene of airstrike that killed Gaza terrorist ( Photo : AFP )
Tuesday 's attack was the first deadly airstrike carried out by Israel since a ceasefire ended Operation Pillar of Defense in November .
Shortly after the strike in Gaza , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said , `` Today we hit one of the people involved in the wicked rocket fire on Eilat . I said that we would not let this pass quietly . We do not accept the firing from the Gaza Strip or from the Sinai Peninsula . We will work to protect Israel 's citizens . ''
Terrorists launch Grad rocket at Eilat
Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum called the targeted killing `` dangerous and unjustified , '' adding that it was meant to create a tense atmosphere in the Strip .
Israel is trying to `` divert attention from the Judaization and the settlement enterprise in Jerusalem , '' he said , adding that the strike was a violation of the Egyptian-mediated agreement which ended the war in November .
The Israeli military confirmed it had carried out the attack , which came just two days after Netanyahu had warned of a strong military response to sporadic rocket fire onto Israel .
Terrorist 's body carried in Gaza
Following the attack on Eilat , the PM said those responsible `` were apparently members of a terrorist cell that left Gaza and used Sinai in order to attack an Israeli city .
`` This is unacceptable . We will exact a price for this ; this has been our consistent policy for the past four years and it will serve us here as well , '' he said .
Ynet 's military analyst Ron Ben-Yishai said the strike in Gaza was a joint Shin Bet-IDF operation carried out as part of Israel 's policy of deterrence and prevention . Almishal , he said , was n't killed only because of his involvement in the rocket fire on Eilat , but mainly because he took part in the preparations for additional rocket attacks on Israel from Sinai , Gaza or both .
Should the targeted killing fail to bolster Israel 's deterrence , the IDF will not wait long before launching another major offensive in Gaza , according to Ben-Yishai .
Nine rockets have been fired at Israel over the past 10 days by global jihad organizations , mainly as acts of defiance against the Hamas government . The regime in Gaza tried to prevent the rocket attacks , in part due to pressure applied by Egypt , but its efforts were ignored by the Salafist and jihadist groups .
Ben-Yishai said Almishal became an independent expert on weapons , mainly rockets . He supplied rockets to anyone who was interested . According the analyst , there is a fair amount of such `` freelancers '' in Gaza . Almishal served as a weapons consultant for all the terror groups , but mainly to the small Salafist groups who are firing rockets at Israel .
Among other things , Almishal transferred Grad rockets and gave advice ahead of the rocket attack on Eilat . It remains unclear whether he served as a mediator between the Bedouins in Sinai who hold the rockets and the organization which carried out the attack ( Shura Council of the Mujahideen in the Environs of Jerusalem ) , or if he transferred the rockets directly from the Salafi groups from weapons caches in Gaza .
Not only was Almishal not a member of any Salafist or global jihad organization , he was on the payroll of one of the Hamas government 's security agencies in Gaza . His rocket expertise offered him a way to earn a side income .
Elior Levy , Reuters contributed to the report
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
By Jack Lessenberry
ANN ARBOR — U.S. Rep. Debbie Dingell ( D-Ann Arbor ) sounded almost stunned by the sheer injustice of it all . “ Did you know that you ca n't renegotiate a student loan ? ” she said , in an interview while driving around her district last Sunday .
“ You can renegotiate a car loan , a home mortgage loan , but not a student loan . And the average student graduates these days owing $ 30,000 . Think about that . ”
What that represents is the tip of a vast economic iceberg seldom talked much about , but which may be threatening America in more ways than one . The nation 's total student loan debt is now $ 1.2 trillion dollars , and rising exponentially every year .
Forty million Americans , most of them under 40 , owe student loan debt . An increasing number are behind in their payments , and there is some evidence the debt monster may be affecting career decisions and causing people to delay marriage and starting families .
More than four-fifths of the debt has been accumulated in the last decade . Seventy per cent of college graduates now emerge owing money , and many have a hard time finding a
good-paying job .
There is no real mystery as to the reason why student loan debt has got out of hand . The cost of higher education has soared since the 1980s , and income and scholarships have n't kept pace .
From 1978 to 2012 , the cost of getting a college degree rose by 1,120 per cent . By way of comparison , the average cost of housing less than doubled . Back in the 1970s and '80s , students , especially in industrial cities like Detroit , could get good-paying factory jobs in the summer and make enough to nearly cover their education .
Today , those jobs have essentially disappeared , together with the Rust Belt , full-employment , brawn-based economy .
For young people , higher education is more essential than ever .
But at the same time , higher education is getting harder and harder to attain . That led Dingell , a freshman elected last fall , to come to the University of Michigan to host an hour-long student seminar on student loan debt . She got an earful .
“ I suggested to them , think outside the box , ” she said . “ This is an issue that affects families in every district in America . College Democrats should approach college Republicans and build non-traditional grassroots coalitions to do something about it . ”
She is trying to do something about it in Washington ; she is one of a number of congressmen who have co-sponsored a bill introduced by U.S. Rep Joe Courtney ( D-Conn. ) called the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act , that would allow student loan borrowers to refinance loans at lower interest rates .
However , its prospects are extremely uncertain . Republicans are in solid control of both houses of Congress , and it is n't clear that the bill has any GOP support . Last year , U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren tried and failed to get a similar bill through the Senate — and that was when Democrats still controlled the upper house .
Nevertheless , it 's very clear this crisis is not going away , and that even if the loan refinancing act became law , it would at best ease the problem .
“ This is one piece of a very complicated puzzle , ” said Dingell .
There are other proposals before Congress ; U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel ( D-N.Y. ) has one that would make the interest on those loans tax deductible . That bill , however , is given little chance .
Dingell , Courtney and Warren are all baby boomers , who ( like this columnist ) went to college in an era when tuition was much cheaper and scholarship funds more readily available than today .
They want to do something to ease the burden on today 's students , for whom it is financially much harder .
Dingell , who succeeded her legendary retiring husband John Dingell in January , also worries about a world where higher education is increasingly necessary — and fewer and fewer people can manage to afford it . Not to mention the possibility of a nation and its financial institutions drowning under a flood of unpaid student loan debt .
“ There 's something else I learned , ” during her meeting with the students April 8 . “ They told me they desperately need to know about financial literacy — to be taught it in high school , ” she said .
There are many stories of students who used loan money for unpaid bills or to stock the refrigerator , or were unsure what the money would eventually cost them . “ We have to do something about this for all of us , ” the congresswoman said .
The need seems clear . Whether the political will is there is another question . If Michiganders do n't seem sufficiently concerned with student problems , it could be because they are older than ever . Demographer Kurt Metzger , who helped found Data Driven Detroit , reports that as of two years ago , the median age in Michigan was nearly 40 years old .
That 's older than all but eight other states . That 's ominous , when you start thinking about the state 's economic future .
bucca @ aol.com
[ pn_facebook_like / ]
Dear Animals , We 're Sorry . Sincerely , The Human Race .
Dear Animals ,
We 're sorry we hurt you .
We 're sorry we torture you .
We 're sorry we burn you for fun .
We 're sorry we poke you .
We 're sorry we prod you .
We 're sorry we subject you to a lifetime of pain so we can eat you .
We 're sorry we kick you just to feel better about ourselves .
We 're sorry we rip the skin off your bones while you 're still alive .
We 're sorry we sell you in pet shops and then abandon you when we 've had enough .
We 're sorry we leave you in garbage cans .
We 're sorry we shove hormones down your throat .
We 're sorry we steal your babies from you .
We 're sorry we throw you off of bridges .
We 're sorry we chain you up all day and all night .
We 're sorry we drown you .
We 're sorry we force you to do unnatural tricks for our entertainment .
We 're sorry we forget to feed you or give you water .
We 're sorry our disgruntled slaughterhouse workers take out all their aggression on you .
We 're sorry we force you to fight each other .
We 're sorry we force you to fight us .
We 're sorry we use you for transportation .
We 're sorry we sacrifice your life so we can have another leather couch , car seat , belt or a pair of shoes .
We 're sorry we make you scream in pain and then put a picture of a smiling chicken on the box .
We 're sorry we make you feel like you are part of the family and then forget about you when the baby comes .
We 're sorry we drag you behind our cars .
We 're sorry we keep you in dark , crowded , horrid living conditions .
We 're sorry we force feed you to make you fatter .
We 're sorry we burn your front paws in order to make you stand on two feet so our children can laugh .
We 're sorry we sexually abuse you for our fetishes .
We 're sorry we trap you .
We 're sorry we hunt you .
We 're sorry our shelters still use inhumane methods of killing .
We 're sorry we subject you to a lifetime of terrorizing experiments so we can have yet another shampoo .
We 're sorry we do n't report our neighbors who are mistreating you to the authorities .
We 're sorry we poison you in the middle of the night .
We 're sorry we humiliate you .
We 're sorry we keep you alone indoors all day long and then get too lazy to take you for walks .
We 're sorry we choke you and suffocate you .
We 're sorry we yell at you .
We 're sorry we leave you out in the cold rain and in the hot sun .
We 're sorry we forget you in boiling hot cars with no open windows .
We 're sorry we intimidate you to feel powerful .
We 're sorry we dump you when you 're old and sick .
We 're sorry we sacrifice you for our beliefs and religions .
We 're sorry we starve you as a form of “ art ” .
We 're sorry we expose you to explosions and gunshots so we can film another movie .
We 're sorry we trap you in zoos so we can watch you suffer .
We 're sorry we treat you like objects that can be exploited for our own selfish purposes .
And most of all : We 're sorry we do n't recognize you for the amazing , intelligent , glorious , magnificent creatures that you are .
Sincerely ,
The Human Race
Written by Shira Tamir © 2010
SATURDAY EVENING POST CELEBRATES ONE OF AMERICA 'S GREATEST AUTHORS WITH RELEASE OF F. SCOTT FITZGERALD 'S GATSBY GIRLS
The book features Fitzgerald 's short stories brought to life with gorgeous original art from the pages of The Saturday Evening Post
He made the Roaring '20s come alive in numerous novels and created the Flapper Girl . As fans anticipate the release of the fourth film version of F. Scott Fitzgerald 's masterpiece The Great Gatsby , there is renewed interest in the legendary writer 's work . Fans will delight in knowing that The Saturday Evening Post is working with intellectual property studio SD Entertainment and romance transmedia and company BroadLit to publish F.Scott Fitzgerald 's Gatsby Girls -- a collection of his first eight short stories originally published in The Saturday Evening Post . Included are the original illustrations , cover art , reproductions of the actual pages of the Post , plus a fascinating introduction by thePost 's historian . No other writer of his time wrote so skillfully , so sympathetically and so fascinatingly about women .
`` We are thrilled to be able to introduce new audiences to the talent of Fitzgerald and the remarkable characters in F. Scott Fitzgerald 's Gatsby Girls , '' said Michele Martell , COO , SD Entertainment . `` It is especially meaningful to show these stories in their original context , which illuminates both the writer and his time . ''
`` Even though I have always been a fan of Fitzgerald 's work , I was surprised to discover that these eight stories inspired the birth of the 'flapper . ' These heroines were the precursors to one of the most romantic women in fiction -- Daisy from The Great Gatsby . '' said Nancy Cushing-Jones , Chief Publishing & Transmedia Officer , BroadLit .
`` By the time he published The Great Gatsby , F.Scott Fitzgerald was already one of the best known authors in America thanks to The Saturday Evening Post , '' said Jeff Nilsson , Post Historian , who is available for interviews . `` Through a span of 17 years the magazine published 68 of his short stories , and with 2.5 million subscribers , the Post brought Fitzgerald into the living rooms of Americans who might never have encountered his novels . ''
Date of Birth : September 24 , 1896 Date of Death : December 21 , 1940 Place of Birth : St. Paul , Minnesota Education : Princeton University
If you own a mid-2012 MacBook Air , the thin , black strip pictured above is what 's storing all your precious data . And if it was made by Toshiba like the one shown , there 's a chance that it could die on you and take all your data with it .
Apple has issued a recall for the defective drives , which were used in the mid-2012 revision of the MacBook Air . Only 64GB and 128GB drives are affected . The 256GB drive Apple chose for the Air was manufactured by Samsung and is n't experiencing the same issue .
How do you find out if your MacBook Air is affected ? For starters , you can check how much built-in storage it has . If you ponied up for the much more expensive 256GB Air , you can breathe a sigh of relief and move on .
Those of you with a smaller drive — and who bought your Air between June 2012 and June 2013 — will want to head to the App Store and download Apple 's latest SSD firmware update ( version 1.1 ) . It 'll automatically check to see if your drive is at risk and redirect you to the Apple recall page if you need a replacement .
Was your drive blackballed by the utility ? Apple 's preaching caution while you wait for your new drive , saying that you should back up regularly until it arrives .
That 's certainly good advice , but you should n't just stop once the new drive has been installed . Any drive can fail at any time , so it 's best to make sure that you 're always backing up your files .
Webhooks are great ! They are a perfect way for API services like Twilio to notify your application of events such as incoming calls or text messages . The one difficulty is that when you are developing an application that consumes webhooks you need a publicly accessible URL to configure the webhook service with . Typically you would develop on localhost and the rest of the world would have no access to your application , so how do you test your webhooks ? Well , that 's where ngrok comes in . ngrok is a free tool that allows us to tunnel from a public URL to our application running locally . Here 's my 6 favourite things about ngrok : 1 . It 's really easy to install and use ngrok is built in Go so it is packaged as binaries for each major platform . To install ngrok do the following : Download the package for your system Unzip the package There is no step 3 ! Well , there is no step 3 if you have a Mac or Linux , if you 're on Windows you might have a bit more work to do . Thankfully Devin 's got you covered with his post on how to configure ngrok on Windows . Once you have ngrok installed , using it to tunnel to an application running on , say , port 3000 is as easy as :
$ . / ngrok http 3000
Bonus install tip ! Once you 've unzipped the ngrok executable move it to a folder that 's in your $ PATH then you can run ngrok from anywhere you want on the command line by just typing :
$ ngrok http 3000
If you want a more in depth article on how to hook up ngrok with your Twilio apps , check out Kevin 's post on getting started with ngrok . Watch out though , as the commands have changed with the release of ngrok 2 . You can follow the post , but substitute the syntax above to make sure it works . 2 . It has a dashboard When you start up ngrok it shows you the URL you are tunnelling through and another local URL , http : //127.0.0.1:4040 . Open that up and gaze in wonder at the dashboard in front of you . The dashboard allows you to see the status of your tunnel , the requests you have made through it and the responses that came back from your application . Great for debugging misfiring webhook endpoints . 3 . You can replay requests Take a look again at that dashboard . Not only can you inspect requests that came through the ngrok tunnel , you can replay them . Now when your SMS endpoint is misbehaving , rather than sending another message and then another message until you get it right , you can just replay the incoming request from the dashboard . 4 . You can secure your tunnels Worried about someone snooping on the super secret app you 're developing but still need to open a tunnel to check something ? Stop worrying right now and check this out !
$ ngrok http - auth `` user : password '' 3000
Boom ! Your tunnel is now protected using HTTP auth . Noone 's spying on your business ! Pro tips ! We 've got into the pro tips section . Why are these “ pro ” tips ? Because you need an ngrok pro account to use them ! ngrok is always free to use , but to make sure it 's sustainable , some sweet features have been held back for paying customers . Check out the available plans and then check out my favourite feature below . 5 . [ Pro tip ] You can use custom subdomains Getting a new random subdomain every time you power up ngrok can be frustrating . Reconfiguring a webhook service every time you want to test is a total pain . As a paying customer , ngrok allows you to use a custom subdomain , simply by providing it in the command . If you have a paid ngrok account try this out :
$ ngrok http - subdomain = thisisreallycool 3000
Take a look at the ngrok dashboard and hold on to your hat , you 're now tunneling through the domain http : //thisisreallycool.ngrok.io . 6 . [ Pro tip ] You can configure all this to happen automatically Now you know and love ngrok subdomain but you 're looking at that command thinking , “ That 's a lot of typing every time and I 've got to remember the arguments ! ” Do not worry , this next feature is for you . ngrok can actually read a bunch of useful stuff from a configuration file . If you have created a paid account and added your authtoken then you will have the config file .ngrok2/ngrok.yml in your $ HOME directory . Now , we can recreate the subdomain config under a named tunnel , open up ~/.ngrok2/ngrok.yml and paste in the following under the authtoken :
tunnels : cool : proto : http addr : 3000 subdomains : thisisreallycool
Now you can run :
$ ngrok start cool
and your tunnel will start up with the options you supplied in the yml file . ngrok is the best ! Now you know the power of ngrok testing your webhooks will never be the same again . If you want to learn more about ngrok you can find more features in the ngrok documentation . And why not check out this video of Alan Shreve , creator of ngrok , speaking about the making of ngrok at Twilio 's Signal Conference earlier this year . If you have any other ngrok tips I 'd love it if you would share them with me at @ philnash . Bye for now !
Authors Phil Nash
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
On this episode of INSIDE MUSIC , host James Shotwell calls Dance Gavin Dance frontman Tilian Pearson to discuss his decade-long career in music . Tilian has been a powerful force in alternative music since he was 18 , and now that he 's nearing thirty he has a wealth of knowledge , experience , and perspective to share . Together , James and Tilian walk through the vocalist 's time in music , including his time with Tides of Man and Saosin , then turn their attention to Tilian 's upcoming solo record . We 're really proud of the content covered in this episode , and we think it should be considered required listening to anyone who enjoys Tilian 's various projects . Enjoy !
The music you hear in this episode is Tilian 's new single , “ Tug Of War . ”
You may already know this , but ‘ Inside Music ' is now available on iTunes ! Click here to subscribe .
by Tanya Gazdik @ TanyaGazdik , June 26 , 2012
GEICO Corp. topped all property and casualty writers in terms of advertising dollars spent in 2011 , according to SNL Financial .
The direct insurer spent just under $ 1 billion in 2011 on TV , radio , billboards and Internet banners across the country .
SNL gathers data reported for advertising by all P & C subsidiaries and aggregates this data for all companies with a common ultimate parent .
In 2011 , GEICO was behind one out of every six dollars spent on advertising in the P & C industry . While GEICO grew its advertising dollars by 10.1 % in 2011 , that was actually below the industry growth rate of 14.9 % .
The next three largest advertisers , State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , Allstate Corp. and Farmers Insurance Group of Cos. , all increased spending on advertising year-over-year in 2011 by a larger percentage than GEICO .
advertisement advertisement
Of these three companies , Farmers was the most aggressive , increasing its advertising spending by 43.9 % . In addition to the television campaign featuring actor J.K. Simmons , Farmers also purchased the naming rights to Farmers Field in Los Angeles for $ 700 million , payable over 30 years .
USAA Insurance Group increased its advertising by 42.4 % in 2011 . The company , which markets and writes exclusively to military veterans and their families , has previously forgone direct advertising to consumers .
While most companies are increasing their advertising budgets , GEICO is still the most reliant upon advertising . GEICO 's ad spend as a percentage of its personal premium is the highest among the top advertisers at 6.5 % . Over the past five years , GEICO 's level of advertising compared to its premiums has remained relatively constant , usually hovering near the 6.5 % mark . The only exception was in 2009 , when advertising slid slightly to 6.2 % of premiums .
GEICO has been able to leverage advertising into a competitive advantage . It is consistently among the industry leaders in terms of premium growth and among the top-performing auto insurers , according to SNL .
Allstate is also looking to learn from GEICO 's success . Looking to make inroads into the direct market , Allstate purchased Esurance Insurance Co. in 2011 . Starting in December , Allstate began an aggressive re-branding of Esurance that included a television and radio ad campaign featuring actor John Krasinski of `` The Office '' and the Grammy Award-winning song `` Jam Man '' from guitarist Chet Atkins .
UPDATE : Comments disabled to avoid letting people get a response from the troll who 's been targeting me . He 's using the name `` AleximusGrime '' now and is claiming that I raped someone which is obviously not true . If you see a comment DO NOT reply , just block and report him immediately .
This is a little preview for a big print I have coming up . I 'm sure you all can guess what it is about . :3
IMPORTANT NOTE : If you comment below and get a derogatory response from someone with the name `` Sepulchre '' followed by numbers , he is a massive troll who has been targeting me for the past few months and saying horrible inaccurate things about me . He also impersonates me with the same icon and a similarly-spelled username so if you get a suspicious comment from me , it is NOT me , it is Sepulchre . Report any hateful content to the Deviant Art administration .
MLP © Hasbro
FiM © Lauren Faust
When biologists say the pacu fish eats nuts , they may be correct in more ways than one .
Responding to a report that a fisherman had reeled in a piranha on June 7 , lake superintendent Jim Caldwell brought the fish to the Illinois Department of Natural Resources , where it was identified as a pacu . Some reports say another pacu was seen a couple of weeks later .
Caldwell said he is still swimming in the lake nearly every day . Pacus primarily eat nuts , aquatic vegetation and snails , he told KDSK , and pose no real threat to humans .
Residents of Papua New Guinea may beg to differ . There , according to British fisherman Jeremy Wade , the pacu is known as the `` ball cutter . '' In 2011 , Wade said locals informed him that two fisherman had died from blood loss after something in the water had bitten off their testicles , according to the Metro .
`` The locals told me that this thing was like a human in the water , biting at the testicles of fishermen , '' Wade said .
Wade determined that the perpetrator was the pacu , which is known for having human-like teeth . The angler did note that such attacks are uncommon , the Daily Mail reports .
Though pacus are native to the Amazon Basin , they were released into Papua New Guinea waters in the 1990s as part of an initiative to boost fisheries .
Welcome one , welcome all , to this look in at the leaderboard for hitter 's average exit velocity as of the beginning of April 19 . Hopefully you 've already read about hard hit rates , if not please click this !
This is going to be a quick hitter , and some of these names can be presented with little comment . Some are quite intriguing though , and may back some hot starts that are being written off . Do be aware that we 're investigating this with around 25-35 “ hit ball events ” for each batter so take it all with a grain of salt , but the context for some of these guys is fascinating .
Editor 's Note : to read about waiver wire options , be sure to check out our famous waiver wire pickups list which is a running list that is updated daily . Prefer using your phone ? Our free waiver wire app is available for download in the Apple & Android Stores .
Average Exit Velocity Leaderboard Through April 19
Mark Trumbo ( BAL , 1B/OF ) : 96.2 MPH – Trumbo is having a very good start to 2016 and this number is no outlier . The question is whether this is one of his usual hot starts or sustainable for the whole year . His career OPS in April is .851 , in May it 's .902 , and then the next highest is a .749 in July . Be aware , but I 'm in on him .
Miguel Cabrera ( DET , 1B ) : 96.1 MPH – Yeah , this guy can still swing the lumber . Hopefully you listened and did n't doubt him coming into 2016 .
Ryan Howard ( PHI , 1B ) : 96.1 MPH – Well , no one ever really questioned his raw strength , but his 29.8 K % is still horrid . His fly ball rate the past three seasons has been between 36.7 % and 37.6 % , but this year it 's 53.6 % and so the four homers and poor average make sense .
Carlos Gonzalez ( COL , OF ) : 95.8 MPH – When he 's healthy he is one of the best hitters in the game , and you 're seeing it .
Domingo Santana ( MIL , OF ) : 95.8 MPH – Intrigue ! Santana only has one homer and a .245 average , but is hammering the ball and actually walking more and striking out less ( 14.0 BB % and 21.1 K % ) . This is a very encouraging start for the 23 year old outfielder .
David Ortiz ( BOS , 1B ) : 95.4 MPH – Ortiz hits the ball hard ? Ho-hum . The retirement tour is supercharged indeed .
Anthony Rendon ( WAS , 2B/3B ) : 95.0 MPH – Well , Rendon has zero homers , zero steals , and a .265 average . Should you be buying ? He 's smacking the ball but he 's also missing it significantly more thus far , with his usual swinging strike rate being around 5.3 % and thus far in 2016 its 8.0 % which coincides with a drop in contact being made on pitches in the strike zone ( 89.0 % to 84.9 % ) . Tentative buy for me .
Christian Yelich ( MIA , OF ) : 94.9 MPH – Yelich 's bat is red hot and he 's drawing a ton of walks . Yes , they 're still going to be mostly ground balls , but there 's some more pop to them . Yelich owners might want to send Barry Bonds a fruit basket .
J.J. Hardy ( BAL , SS ) : 94.6 MPH – Hardy has had a powerful career but has n't enjoyed success since 2013 . At 33 , he is starting off hot with improved plate discipline ( in 39 plate appearances of course ) . His two homers were Pesky Pole cheapies , but he is still hitting the ball hard overall . I would n't trade for him , but if he 's a free agent or you 're wavering on whether he 's “ for real ” this season , here 's some additional context .
Nelson Cruz ( SEA , OF ) : 94.6 MPH – Nellie can mash , next .
Yasmany Tomas ( ARI , OF ) : 94.5 MPH – Tomas was sought after by Arizona for a reason , and his two homer game the other day might be the starting gun to a nice 2016 for Tomas .
Danny Valencia ( OAK , 3B/OF ) : 94.2 MPH – A preseason favorite of mine after a strong 2015 , but I 've seen many cut ties after an uninspiring start , prompting the “ fluke ” label . Valencia is still smacking the ball and is actually walking more and whiffing a lot less so far with what would be a career-best zone contact rate . The 's offense is n't encouraging , but Valencia is doing well underneath it all .
Carlos Correa ( HOU , SS ) : 94.2 MPH – This is shocking , clearly a fluke , ignore in all formats .
Ryan Braun ( MIL , OF ) : 94.1 MPH – He 'll get his rest days , but he 's only 32 and can still be the Hebrew Hammer we saw last year even if the 24 steals are n't replicated .
Mike Moustakas ( KC , 3B ) : 94.0 MPH – His four homers thus far are real , his .217 average backed by a laughably bad .167 BABIP is not . Go buy yourself some Moose Tacos .
Jose Altuve ( HOU , 2B ) : 94.0 MPH – We 've known the man can hit , but the four homers thus far are pretty exciting alongside six steals . He wo n't hold a .314 ISO , but the power gains from last season appear to be sustainable .
Tyler White ( HOU , 1B/3B ) : 93.8 MPH – His 26.5 K % needs to chill out as his average will drop down as the BABIP falls from its current .423 , but the four homers and the liners we 've seen are legitimate . His strong spring to earn this job was n't luck .
Jorge Soler ( CHC , OF ) : 93.8 MPH – Kyle Schwarber 's injury opens the door for Soler to prove his worth . His .207 BABIP wo n't hold , but the improved strikeout rate masks a career-worst 15.6 % swinging strike rate , so he 's still whiffing . Still intrigued for sure though .
Logan Forsythe ( TB , 2B ) : 93.8 MPH – He 's hitting the ball hard , but swinging and missing a lot more and walking less . Do n't cut bait on the .220 average yet .
Melvin Upton Jr. ( SD , OF ) : 93.6 MPH – He did hit .278 in 144 second half at bats last season and he may be a free agent in many leagues . He 's worth speculating on in case he 's recaptured some of his former glory at age-31 .
Bryce Harper ( WAS , OF ) : 93.5 MPH – As if .
David Freese ( PIT , 3B ) : 93.5 MPH – He 's performing admirably but these are mostly grounders and Jung-ho Kang should return soon and relegate him to part time .
Manny Machado ( BAL , SS/3B ) : 93.4 MPH – These .
Giancarlo Stanton ( MIA , OF ) : 93.4 MPH – Guys .
Josh Donaldson ( TOR , 3B ) : 93.4 MPH – Can .
Nolan Arenado ( COL , 3B ) : 93.3 MPH – Hit .
Colby Rasmus ( HOU , OF ) : 93.3 MPH – He 's always been able to crush a ball , it just always comes in streaks . Ride the wave and hope the greatly improved walk rate and reduced whiffs continue .
Nick Markakis ( ATL , OF ) : 93.2 MPH – Does n't have any homers to show for it , but he does lead the league in doubles with nine ( next best has six ) . He 's been a consistently good at making contact his whole career , and if he continues to be a strong gap hitter then there 's value to be had .
Eric Hosmer ( KC , 1B ) : 93.2 MPH – So far his zone contact rate sits at 94.8 % ( 2015 : 89.6 % ) and his rate at swinging at pitches out of the zone is 23.0 % ( 2015 : 32.7 % ) . Last year was great for him and if he makes further improvements then that 'll be just dandy .
Trevor Story ( COL , SS ) : 93.2 MPH – Most know he can send a baseball far , but the worry is how often he swings and misses . That is who Story has been for a while now , and it 's reasonable to expect it moving forward . A huge fly ball rate , a strong HR/FB rate thanks to his strength , and plenty of whiffs . He 's a legitimate hitter though , do n't get it twisted .
DJ LeMahieu ( COL , 2B ) : 93.0 MPH – LeMahieu 's jump last year came largely thanks to his “ spray to all fields ” approach and his speed . It 's extremely doubtful he continues this early homer pace , but he is continuing to lay off bad pitches and then pounce with a compact swing on those in the zone . This looks real and his average could very well sit in the .300s all year .
MLB & Fantasy Baseball Chat Room
The Script Kiddies , which is the same group that recently hacked the NBC Twitter account , struck again Sunday evening . The hacker group , which hacked the @ USAToday Twitter account late Sunday evening , used the account to send out spiteful messages daring Twitter to block them again . They also asked Twitter users to vote for what account they should hack next in the tweet below :
“ Fox News , Wal-mart , Unilevel , Pfizer , NBC and now USA Today . who 's next ? Vote Now ! ”
The Script Kiddies are the lesser-known splinter group of the famous Anonymous hacking group . On the tenth anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attack , the Script Kiddies hacked the @ NBCNews Twitter account and falsely tweeted that a plane had crashed into ground zero . In addition , in July , they hacked the @ FoxNewsPolitics Twitter account and falsely tweeted that President Obama had been assassinated . The FBI
In the past , The Script Kiddies have used a “ keylogger Trojan ” to access the official Twitter accounts of news organizations . The computer malware is unknowingly installed on the host 's computer and logs the entries a computer user makes and in turn allows the hacker to easily detect passwords . Early evidence points to a high likelihood that the group used the same tactic to gain access to the USA Today Twitter account .
USA Today has worked with Twitter to regain control of their account and recently tweeted :
“ @ usatoday was hacked and as a result false tweets were sent . We Worked with Twitter to correct it . The account is now back in our control . ”
At the time of writing , USA Today appears to be in full control of their Twitter account .
Until Twitter implements additional security options , one would expect that we will continue to see high-profile accounts attacked .
[ Screenshot Credit : Twitter ]
Category SEO
Microsoft is pushing out an update to the Wallet app for Windows 10 Mobile . The new version allows users to scan and add in retail loyalty cards for the first time
This should be a very handy new feature for Windows 10 Mobile users , especially now in the heart of the current holiday shopping season . Support for loyalty cards means that shoppers can ditch the old-fashioned credit card-like method of collecting reward points in favor of scaning the card 's info on their smartphone .
If you notice any other new feature in Wallet for Windows 10 Mobile , let us know in the comments !
Thanks to Sanjeev for the screensh0t and everyone for the tips
Download Wallet for Windows 10 Mobile
This post may contain affiliate links . See our disclosure policy for more details .
Synthwave is on the rise . 2017 saw the release of new music from hundreds of artists , and like last year , the massive influx of new creators led to a diverse array of styles and the incorporation of musical influences never before heard in the genre . Due to the size and rapid transformation of the music , choosing the Top 10 albums this year was not simply a matter of picking the best releases ; it actually required a delineation of the outer limits of the genre .
Darksynth music was massively popular in 2017 , evolving and expanding from a small subgenre on the outskirts of synthwave to a large and distinctive genre of its own . Many darksynth releases this year had no stylistic common ground with traditional synthwave music , foregoing the ‘ 80s pop culture influences that are the heart and soul of the music and instead incorporating prominent elements of dubstep , drum and bass , aggrotech , and other modern electronic music . Artists like Dan Terminus , Gost , and Perturbator assertively moved beyond synthwave in 2017 , forging into new territory with unique and often original creative choices . Due to the sharp transformation of their music , those artists were not considered for this list .
On the opposite end of the spectrum , artists like The Midnight and Scandroid took the visual aesthetic and instrumentation of synthwave music and combined them with modern mainstream vocal deliveries and 21st-century songwriting for a distinctly hybrid sound . Although these recordings hold many redeeming aspects , their incorporation of musical influences from starkly different eras and styles of pop culture than traditional synthwave music places them on the fringe of the genre and consequently excludes them from consideration for the Top 10 .
The following list includes full-length releases that exhibit the retro ‘ 80s sound that defines the synthwave genre , as well as those that display small or moderate evolutions thereof . These albums maintain the lineage of archetypal releases such as Miami Nights 1984 's Early Summer , Lazerhawk 's Redline , and Kavinsky 's 1986 , as well as early , melodic darksynth creations like Perturbator 's Terror 404 and Dance With the Dead 's Out of Body .
The massive amount of synthwave music in 2017 ensured there was no shortage of options for this list , yet these recordings rose above with their excellent craftsmanship , inspired songwriting , and unique contributions to an amazing genre of music .
10 . Greyskull – Eighties Kids
Eighty Kids puts a fresh spin on the sound of synthwave pioneers like College and Miami Nights 1984 . Every track on Greyskull 's debut album holds surprising and unique creative decisions , inviting listeners to return multiple times . Greyskull 's dedication to the heart of the genre and his frequently high levels of success with experimentation provide one of the best examples of classic synthwave music in 2017 .
9 . FM Attack – Stellar
FM Attack may not be prolific , though the artist certainly knows how to make a release count . The third full-length album from one of the genre 's innovators maintains the high quality established on past recordings while evolving toward a darker , more introspective sound . Several vocal tracks on Stellar , including two with guest artist MNYNMS , are among the finest in the synthwave genre to date , and the carefully chosen instrumental melodies contribute to the album 's beautifully melancholic atmosphere .
8 . Sunglasses Kid – Graduation
From classic instrumental synthwave to freestyle-infused vocal pop tracks and Fresh Prince-style hip-hop , Sunglasses Kid 's Graduation offers a wealth of retro ‘ 80s music that has something for almost every fan of the genre . Each entry on the album is packed with detail and inspired songwriting choices , and the collaborations with artists like Phaserland , Miranda Carey , and I Am Harlequin help diversify the tracklist and keep the recording fresh and interesting at every turn .
7 . Ellen Replay – Star Citizen 426
The debut album from Ellen Replay is the most straightforward and stylistically uncomplicated release on this list , though it feels remarkably vast in spite of its unassuming songwriting approach . Star Citizen 426 is a pared down musical creation that succeeds on the strength of its perfectly catchy rhythms and idyllic melodies , and each carefully chosen note and beat is given a meaningful role in the music . Alternating between upbeat tracks with a classic space synth sound and ambient pieces that capture the coldness and vastness of a world beyond the stars , Star Citizen 426 has the immersive qualities of a well-realized concept album .
6 . Beckett – Five
Beckett delivers some of the most authentically retro vibes of anything in the synthwave genre on Five , making it an absolute treat for fans of ‘ 80s pop music . Every track features a unique style , from electro funk to retro-futuristic sports anthems and classic instrumental synthwave . Infused with irresistibly bright melodies , Five is one of the most optimistic releases of the year . Just try to be in a bad mood while listening to this album . It ca n't be done .
5 . Damokles – Time Machine
If you 've ever wondered what retro electro is , Damokles is your answer . Time Machine delivers numerous tracks that recall ‘ 80s-era electro like Paul Hardcastle , Herbie Hancock , and Afrika Bambaataa , as well as the sounds of classic space synth , synthpop , and Italo disco . The best tracks on Time Machine are as pure and enjoyable as anything in the ‘ 80s synth revival , and Damokles ' honest love of the music is infectious . Along with Beckett , Damokles created some of the most authentically retro musical moments of 2017 .
4 . Nightstop – Dancing Killer
Nightstop maintains his discography 's remarkably high level of quality with a third full-length release , Dancing Killer . Delivering one of the most old school synthwave sounds of anything on the list , this album is an essential release for fans of Miami Nights 1984 , Lost Years , and early Lazerhawk . Impeccable synth melodies , engaging rhythms , and smartly restrained use of sax solos help keep this one exciting for its duration .
3 . Phaserland – Cosmic Boundaries
Phaserland 's guitar-infused songwriting often has more in common with jazz fusion and progressive rock than pop music , though the sound remains distinctly within the realm of synthwave . His inspired compositions on Cosmic Boundaries feature elaborate , flowing melodies and brilliant interplay between song elements , making the album increasingly enjoyable on each playthrough . Phaserland is one of the most consistently excellent synthwave producers in the genre , and Cosmic Boundaries is arguably the artist 's finest effort to date .
2 . Wolf & Raven – Ace of Space
The synthwave genre revolves around reminiscence of the ‘ 80s and early ‘ 90s , and no one captures the same level of authentic childhood nostalgia as Wolf & Raven . Ace of Space is the duo 's second full-length album , and it delivers virtuosic creations of highly melodic synthwave loaded with influences from anime , video games , and pop music of the late 20th century . Expertly realized and masterfully executed , Ace of Space is the spiritual embodiment of modern synthwave music .
1 . Isidor – 3218
3218 is an earth-shaking titan of synthwave music . It 's the soundtrack to an intergalactic space battle with colliding stars as its backdrop , and its massive power demands high volume on big speakers . By combining the crushing rhythmic elements of classic darksynth with gleaming , bright melodies , Isidor has created a science fiction masterpiece that is simultaneously immense and intricate , mighty and beautiful . Of the thousands of synthwave songs released in 2017 , Isidor 's “ Star Sheriff , ” “ Touch the Sky , ” and “ Sirius A ” stand among the most impressive and admirable accomplishments in the genre . “ Sirius A ” is Iron Skullet 's pick for Synthwave Song of the Year .
Want more info on the synthwave genre and its evolutions ? Check out What is Synthwave ? 2018 Edition
Follow Iron Skullet on Spotify to enjoy playlists dedicated to Synthwave , Darksynth , Cybersynth , and Popwave .
Support Iron Skullet on Patreon
Advertisements
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
A general view shows the facilities of a mobile gas turbine generator , which was turned on due to recent power outages after pylons carrying electricity were blown up , in the settlement of Stroganovka , Simferopol district of Crimea , in this November 22 , 2015 file photo . REUTERS/Pavel Rebrov
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said on Tuesday it was helping Ukraine investigate an apparent attack last month on the country 's power grid that caused a blackout for 80,000 customers .
Experts have widely described the Dec. 23 incident at western Ukraine 's Prykarpattyaoblenergo utility as the first known power outage caused by a cyberattack . Ukraine 's SBU state security service has blamed Russia for the incident , while U.S. cyber firm iSight Partners linked it to a Russian hacking group known as “ Sandworm . ”
In an advisory , DHS said they had linked the blackout to malicious code detected in 2014 within industrial control systems used to operate U.S. critical infrastructure . There was no known successful disruption to the U.S. grid , however .
DHS said the “ BlackEnergy Malware ” appears to have infected Ukraine 's systems with a spear phishing attack via a corrupted Microsoft Word attachment .
The DHS bulletin from the agency 's Industrial Control Systems Cyber Emergency Response Team , or ICS-CERT , is the first public comment about the Ukraine incident .
A report released by Washington-based SANS Inc over the weekend concluded hackers likely caused Ukraine 's six-hour outage by remotely switching breakers in a way that cut power , after installing malware that prevented technicians from detecting the intrusion . The attackers are also believed to have spammed the Ukraine utility 's customer-service centre with phone calls in order to prevent real customers from communicating about their downed power .
DHS and the FBI did not immediately respond to requests for additional comment .
MANILA ( Reuters ) - Southeast Asian foreign ministers ended an impasse on Sunday over how to address disputes with China in the South China Sea , issuing a communique that called for militarization to be avoided and noting concern about island-building .
The South China Sea has long been the most divisive issue for the Association of South East Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , with China 's influence looming large over its activities . Some countries are wary about the possible repercussions of defying Beijing by taking a stronger stand .
ASEAN failed to issue the customary statement on Saturday , over what diplomats said was disagreement about whether to make oblique references to China 's rapid expansion of its defense capabilities on artificial islands in disputed waters .
China is sensitive to even a veiled reference by ASEAN to its seven reclaimed reefs , three of which have runways , missile batteries , radars and , according to some experts , the capability to accommodate fighter jets .
The communique late on Sunday takes a stronger position than an earlier , unpublished draft , which was a watered-down version of one issued last year in Laos .
The agreed text “ emphasized the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint ” .
It said that after extensive discussions , concerns were voiced by some members about land reclamation “ and activities in the area which have eroded trust and confidence , increased tension and may undermine peace , security and stability ” .
ASEAN 's deadlock over the statement highlights China 's growing influence on the grouping at a time of uncertainty over the new U.S. administration 's security priorities and whether it will try to keep China 's maritime activities in check .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
Several ASEAN diplomats said that among the members who pushed for a communique that retained the more contentious elements was Vietnam , which has competing claims with China over the Paracel and Spratly archipelago and has had several spats with Beijing over energy concessions .
Another diplomat , however , said there was no real disagreement on the contents of the communique and stressed that the initial draft was seen by some members as weak .
Also on Sunday the foreign ministers of ASEAN and China adopted a negotiating framework for a code of conduct in the South China Sea , a move they hailed as progress but seen by critics as a tactic to buy China time to consolidate its maritime power .
Worldwide semiconductor revenue is forecast to total $ 401.4 billion in 2017 , an increase of 16.8 percent from 2016 , according to Gartner , Inc . This will be the first time semiconductor revenue has surpassed $ 400 billion . The market reached the $ 300 billion milestone seven years ago , in 2010 , and surpassed $ 200 billion in 2000 .
`` A shortage of memory is creating a boom in the overall semiconductor market , '' said Andrew Norwood , research vice president at Gartner . `` Memory vendors have been able to increase their price for DRAM and NAND , driving revenue and margins higher . ''
The booming memory market , with revenue forecast to increase 52 percent in 2017 , is expected to shake up semiconductor market share rankings . `` As the largest memory supplier , Samsung Electronics is set to gain the most , '' said Mr. Norwood . `` This gives Samsung its best shot at capturing the No . 1 position from Intel for the first time . ''
Intel dethroned NEC for the No . 1 position in semiconductor rankings in 1992 and has held it ever since . Samsung captured the No . 2 position in 2002 and has held that since .
`` What the memory market gives , the memory market takes away , '' said Mr. Norwood . `` The memory bubble is expected to go bust in 2019 as memory vendors add new supply and Samsung could lose a lot of the gains it makes this year and next . ''
Gartner clients can learn more about the outlook for the semiconductor market in `` Forecast Analysis : Electronics and Semiconductors , Worldwide , 2Q17 Update '' and `` Semiconductor Forecast Database , Worldwide , 2Q17 Update . ''
Put an educational spin on your kids ' favorite sandbox game with a creative writing activity . I 'm willing to bet these Minecraft writing prompts will spark enthusiasm in the most reluctant writer !
1 . Reap What You Sow
As a Minecraft crop farmer , you 're getting tired of beets , potatoes , and carrots . If you could sow three brand-new crops , what would you choose to grow ? Explain what you will have to do to harvest your new crops .
2 . The Choice is “ Mine ”
Do you prefer playing Minecraft in Survival mode or Creative mode ? Write one or two paragraphs explaining your reasons . Before you start writing , make a Venn diagram that compares and contrasts these two modes .
3 . Toolbelt Tactics
Would you rather build a castle , a tree house , or a bridge ? Describe the Minecraft tools , materials , and supplies you will need to accomplish your goal .
4 . Dear Diary
A website is sponsoring a Minecraft writing contest and awarding a prize of 2000 gold nuggets to the winner .
Write a diary or journal entry describing your most exciting Minecraft adventure . Record your entry using Minecraft 's Book and Quill . You may include up to three entries in your diary .
5 . Making a House a Home
It 's time to decorate your Minecraft house ! Make a list of 10 structural features you want to include , such as wood floors or a glass roof . Then make a list of 10 decorating ideas , such as lighting and furniture .
All your private Internet history , now easily searchable !
All of your private Internet history is now easily searchable ! Thanks to the Senate 's passage of S.J.Res 34 , the House of Representatives also voting to repeal protections , and now the President Trump has given his stamp of approval , your Internet history can now be bought and sold .
I plan on purchasing the Internet histories of all legislators , congressmen , executives , and their families and make them easily searchable at searchinternethistory.com . Anything they have looked at , searched for , or visited on the Internet will now be available for everyone to comb through : their medical concerns and questions , taste in pornography , financial interests…
Since our elected representatives failed to let us decide whether our personal browsing history should be a commodity , I wanted to give them a lesson on how a democracy is actually supposed to function : I 'm giving you the opportunity to vote on whose history gets bought first .
Help me raise money to buy the histories of those who took away your right to privacy . Some sold you out to telephone companies and ISPs for just a few thousand dollars . Now your private data will be bought and sold to anyone interested in your browsing habits and identity , so it 's great news for marketing companies and law enforcement , but bad news for citizens who value their privacy .
So now we 're going to turn the tables on the legislators who sold us out . Let 's buy THEIR history and make it available .
If you ca n't donate money , maybe you can donate your time and skills . I want to get help from any of you on proper , transparent , and most importantly legal aspects of accepting donations for this purpose .
Are you someone who can help ? Send me a message !
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers in men and a major cause of cancer-related deaths . Yet it is tricky to diagnose - the commonly used PSA test can result in over- diagnosis and unnecessary further procedures . Now , new research led by the University of Adelaide in Australia promises to improve the accuracy of prostate cancer diagnosis with the help of biomarkers in seminal fluid .
Writing in the journal Endocrine-Related Cancer , the researchers describe how they analyzed seminal fluid samples from 60 men and found small molecules called microRNAs were `` surprisingly accurate '' at indicating which men had prostate cancer and how severe it was .
The problem with the current PSA ( prostate specific antigen ) test for prostate cancer is that , while it is very sensitive , it is not highly specific for prostate cancer . For instance , it might be positive for non-cancerous conditions such as prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ) and prostatitis .
This results in many unnecessary biopsies and , perhaps more seriously , in substantial over-diagnosis and over-treatment of slow-growing , non-lethal prostate cancers that are probably best left alone and just monitored under a so-called `` watchful waiting '' regime .
`` Biomarkers that can accurately detect prostate cancer at an early stage and identify aggressive tumors are urgently needed to improve patient care , '' says lead author Dr. Luke Selth , a Young Investigator of the Prostate Cancer Foundation in the US .
One biomarker could differentiate between higher and lower grade tumors
When they analyzed the seminal fluid samples , the team discovered a number of microRNAs known to be increased in prostate cancer . MicrosRNAs are small non-coding molecules that are important for controlling gene expression .
Unlike a PSA test , which is not highly specific for prostate cancer , microRNAs in seminal fluid samples could differentiate men with low tumors from those with higher grade tumors . Unlike a PSA test , which is not highly specific for prostate cancer , microRNAs in seminal fluid samples could differentiate men with low tumors from those with higher grade tumors .
They were surprised to find that some of the microRNAs were more accurate than a PSA test at detecting which of the men had cancer and which did not .
They also found one specific microRNA - called miR-200b - could differentiate men with low tumors from those with higher grade tumors . `` This is important , '' explains Dr. Selth , `` because , as a potential prognostic tool , it will help to indicate the urgency and type of treatment required . ''
In previous work , Dr. Selth and his team showed that microRNAs in the blood can predict which men are likely to experience recurrence after their prostate cancer has been surgically removed .
He says they are `` excited by the potential clinical application of microRNAs in a range of body fluids , '' and he and his colleagues are already planning to validate their results with larger groups of patients .
Meanwhile , Medical News Today recently learned how a commercial epigenetic test for prostate cancer , when done alongside initial biopsy , accurately rules out the existence of cancer up to 88 % of the time .
Secession As Startup : Providing Examples & Competition
When we think of secession , we often think of it as mainly being about regional autonomy for a cultural minority who are being oppressed within a larger state . The immediate and primary result of such secession is freedom and self-government for that minority . The United States , for example , was a frontier nation of independent pioneers that had a major culture clash with the distant and aristocratic British , and so they revolted . The most visible result of that American Revolution was the formation of the United States of America – freedom and self-government for Americans .
Yet there is another way to look at secession , based on the economics of the invisible , where events are like icebergs , their effects mainly lurking beneath the surface . This way is to look at the long-term consequences that secession has on the entire world .
America did not merely secede and copy the governing documents or style of the United Kingdom . Rather , it innovated , creating a system based on the English Common Law , yet different , one with explicit checks and balances to restrain government , and with no place for a monarch . It was an experiment with a more radical form of democracy than existed anywhere in the 18th-century world .
And it was an incredibly successful experiment , as the combination of that innovative rule-set and the empty frontier resulted in America growing rapidly in population , wealth , and influence . During the open immigration periods of the 19th century , some years saw over a million new immigrants arrive “ yearning to breathe free ” . As a result , the new American state had influence far beyond its shores .
This influence occured in two major ways . First , America served as a test of the brand-new American Constitution , and the Founding Fathers ' philosophy about the role of government . By showing that it worked well in practice , political philosophers , politicians , voters , and revolutionaries around the world were ( slowly ) convinced that this was the best government technology to be had . Second , America dramatically outcompeted existing states , based on the simple metric of net migration . Those million+ people a year who went to America can be thought of as customers of government services voting with their feet , which means that other countries were losing market share .
You may not be used to thinking of government in this sort of economic and business framework , but it is a core part of our philosophy here at Let A Thousand Nations Bloom , and we find it provides a unique and refreshing angle on government . In this case , it shows us the invisible , long-term effects of the American Revolution .
Because , just like any sensible business that loses market share to an upstart competitor , the nations of the world responded . In many cases by imitating parts of the US that seemed to work – by moving away from monarchy and to more egalitarian , democratic societies . So it may well be that the greatest effect of the formation of America was on non-Americans !
New ventures ( here in Silicon Valley we call them “ Startups ” ) have the same effect in any industry . Startups are tests of new ideas ( part of the trial-and-error learning process of the market ) , and when their examples are successful , larger companies take up the ideas . These larger companies are motivated to do this through the fear of competition – because if they innovate , the startups will grow and take their market share and become the new market leaders . Thus the startups ' greatest influence , in the long run , is on the customers of the market leaders – not their direct usefulness to their own customers .
Trial and error and the growth of what works and ending of what does n't is how a healthy industry works , and for awhile , the government industry worked that way . Unfortunately , for a variety of reasons ( running out of new land , countries joining into large federations , citizens less willing to engage in revolution ) , there is n't much room for startup governments any more . So we lack new experiments which could find us new government technologies that might be as much better as today 's democracies as the US Constitution was compared to the awkward monarchy/democracy hybrids of the time .
And that is why we care about secession and related topics – because the world needs startup governments to make progress . If you aree , I encourage you to subscribe to this blog and keep up to date on the topic , or check out my own venture to re-create the frontier : seasteading .
( this post is part of Secession Week 2010 , specifically Monday : Independence Is Better Than Revolution . )
Rabat - Morocco 's royal gendarmerie forces have dismantled a gay prostitution ring that has been enslaving underage students in the town of Bouizakarne in the Guelmim province .
Rabat – Morocco 's royal gendarmerie forces have dismantled a gay prostitution ring that has been enslaving underage students in the town of Bouizakarne in the Guelmim province .
After a video was widely circulated in the town through Whatsapp in October , allegedly showing a well-known merchant in a sexual encounter with a secondary school student , elements of the gendarmerie had been making a move to arrest all the suspects involved .
After the incident , the authorities arrested the merchant and the secondary school student for investigation . The man told the authorities that the video was leaked by someone who was trying to blackmail him for money .
The incident pushed the authorities to find more possible suspects involved in a same-sex prostitution ring . The merchant then told investigators that it is not only him who is involved in this case , but also other people that use their money to coerce school students into sex .
The merchant confessed that many people are involved in this ring , including truckers , a cleric , and a government employee , reported Moroccan magazine Telquel Arabic .
After the confessions , the elements rushed to arrest all the people mentioned during the investigations . Fifteen people involved in this case were arrested since October .
Another student was arrested this week for his alleged involvement in the affair . The student revealed the names of more people involved in the gay prostitution ring . The list of suspects includes other local clerics , merchants and employees . After this investigation , the authorities made 10 arrests in differents areas , including Sidi Ifni , Tiznit , and Ifrane .
Authorities are still searching for 29 other suspects involved in this case . Telquel Arabic added that the students were enslaved and used for sexual encounters in apartments rented for less than MAD 100 .
Telquel added that human rights organizations have been following this case after the leaking of the video , calling for more centers to protect children 's rights in rural areas . The organizations have been also urging the Ministry of Education to adopt sexual education in Moroccan schools , with the view to reducing the sexual exploitation of minors .
Louis van Gaal could have a `` great argument to put forward '' to keep his job as Manchester United manager , according to former defender Rio Ferdinand .
The former England captain believes that the successful introduction of young players -- plus an FA Cup and fourth-placed finish -- would allow the Dutchman to make a case for himself . Van Gaal has said that he is grooming Ryan Giggs as a potential future manager of United -- and many of Giggs 's former United teammates have argued in favour of that .
Ferdinand told talkSPORT : `` If he [ Van Gaal ] wins the FA Cup and United finish in the Champions League [ qualification places ] he could sit there and say that is progression . ''
United are in the FA Cup final , against Crystal Palace on May 21 , and are five points adrift of the top four in the Premier League with a game in hand .
Marcus Rashford ( left ) has impressed as one of Manchester United 's young squad members .
They have frustrated many fans with their style of play , but the team have recently showed more signs of fluency , when defeating Everton 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final and triumphing 2-0 against Crystal Palace in the league .
Ferdinand added : `` Speaking to people at Manchester in and around the ground and supporters around the country , they are not playing the type of football they are accustomed to seeing at Manchester United . They want to see football that is respectful of their history of the club . It has been a lot of sideways , sideways football .
`` But I watched the game at the weekend [ against Everton ] and , if that is a sign of things to come , then Louis van Gaal has got a great argument to put forward .
`` This season has been a bit of doom and gloom for Manchester United with the way they have played , but Louis van Gaal 's legacy -- if he is going to have one when he leaves -- is the introduction of all these young boys , with [ Marcus ] Rashford leading the charge . ''
Arindam is ESPN FC 's Manchester United correspondent . Follow him on Twitter @ ARejSport .
I must have heard that question a hundred times over the last couple of years . And a dozen more times in the last day , ever since Paul Krugman endorsed the proposal to target NGDP . I always imagine it being asked in a gruff Yorkshire accent , by some middle-aged no-nonsense practical man of business with a background in mechanical engineering .
`` But what concrete steps will the Fed actually take to raise Nominal GDP ? Can anyone tell me that ? ''
First off , you are n't thinking about this right .
Sure , I 've used mechanical metaphors for monetary policy in the past . But those metaphors only take you so far . Machines do n't have expectations ; people do . The actions that people take now depend very much on their expectations of what other people will do , and on their expectations of what the central bank will do .
You want me to tell you a story in which the central bank pulls a lever , and that lever causes another lever to move next , followed by another lever , then another , spelling out a causal chain from beginning to end , where the end is a higher level of NGDP .
But economics is n't like that . Because people are n't like that .
Sometimes the future causes the present , because people 's expectations of the future affect what they do in the present .
Sometimes it 's not even what will happen in the future that causes the present . It 's people 's expectations of what would happen in future if they behaved differently today that causes them to behave the way they do today . I switch to snow tires in the Fall because I expect I would have an accident in the Winter if I did n't . It 's the threat of an accident that makes me put on snow tires . I do n't actually expect to have an accident .
Next week , millions of Canadians will get up and go to work about one hour later than they did this week , if we measure time by the sun . `` What concrete steps will the government take to get Canadians to do this ? Can anybody tell me that ? ''
No , I ca n't tell you that . I do n't have a clue what concrete steps , if any , the government will take . But I fully expect it will work . All the government does is announce that it wants us all to do this , and to put all our clocks back one hour . Maybe the government has the power to force government clocks back one hour , and force some government workers to start and leave work one hour later by the sun . But the rest of us just follow along , simply because we expect everyone else to follow along .
There will be two groups of people who will continue to get up at the same time by the sun . People who did n't get the memo ( and most of them will follow along with a short lag ) . And people who live very isolated lives , whose timing does n't depend on what everyone else is doing .
Driving on the right side of the road is an equilibrium . If you expect everyone else to drive right , you too will drive right . Driving on the left side of the road is also an equilibrium . If you announce that beginning Sunday everybody will switch to driving on the left , and if people believe you , or simply believe that other people believe you ... everybody will switch to driving on the left . You do n't actually have to pull any levers . All you need is credibility . Or people to believe you have credibility . Or believe that others believe you have credibility .
The US economy is currently in equilibrium . It 's not a market-clearing equilibrium . It 's not a very good equilibrium . But it is an equilibrium . If it was n't an equilibrium , it would be somewhere else . But it is n't somewhere else , so it must be . Given what people expect other people to do , both now and in the future , each person is choosing to do what he is currently doing .
But this is n't the only possible equilibrium . I can imagine a better equilibrium , in which Nominal GDP is higher and growing faster , and expected to remain higher and growing faster . NGPG is higher and growing faster both because real GDP is higher and growing faster and because prices are higher and growing faster . It 's a better equilibrium . And those of us who advocate E ( NGDP ) level-path targeting want the US economy to move to that better equilibrium .
What would the Fed be doing differently , in that other , better equilibrium ? The Fed will be smaller than it is today , and the Fed 's interest rate will be higher than it is today . Real interest rates will need to be higher , because consumption and investment demand will be higher , because consumers and investors will have higher expectations of future real income and real expenditure . Nominal interest rates will be higher because prices are expected to be growing faster . The Fed will be smaller , because people wo n't want to hold as much money , and banks wo n't want to hold as many reserves at the Fed , now the economy is growing and interest rates are higher .
So , all the Fed needs to do to get the economy to that new , better equilibrium is to pull the lever in the right direction , right ? Raise interest rates , and reduce the money supply , right ?
Of course not . If the Fed did that , without changing expectations , the result would be a a move even further away from the better equilibrium , as demand fell even further .
The Fed needs to change expectations . Get people to expect that NGDP will follow the higher path . That 's what the `` E '' in `` E ( NGDP ) '' stands for .
`` Right ! '' the people from the concrete steppes exclaim gruffly `` and how exactly will the Fed do that ? ! ''
1 . The Fed clearly announces its target path for NGDP . That 's by far the most important bit . Everything else is secondary . And if the Fed had credibility , that would be enough .
`` Why should anyone believe the Fed can hit that path ? ''
2 . The Fed makes a threat . On the first day the Fed will print $ 1 billion and use it to buy assets . On the second day the Fed will print $ 2 billion and use it to buy assets . On the third day the Fed will print $ 4 billion and use it to buy assets . And the Fed will keep on doubling the amount it prints and buys daily , forever and ever , until E ( NGDP ) rises to the target path . ( And will go into reverse and sells assets if E ( NGDP ) rises above the target path ) .
`` What assets will the Fed buy ? ''
3 . The Fed puts on its best James Dean ( oops , Marlon Brando , thanks Andy ) voice and replies : `` What have you got ? ''
There are two rooms at a party . The first room is nearly empty . The second room is nearly full . Because everyone wants to be where everyone else is . Then Chuck Norris enters the second room . He threatens to beat up 1 person at random in the first minute , 2 people in the second minute , 4 people in the third minute , and so on , until the room is empty . This is no longer an equilibrium .
A few people were nearly indifferent to being in the second room . So they leave even if the chance of them getting beaten up is tiny . That means there are fewer people left in the second room . This makes the second room slightly less attractive for those who want to be where everyone else is . And it slightly raises the probability of being beaten up by Chuck Norris . So more leave . Which repeats the process , so still more leave . And if you and I can see what 's coming , so can the people in the room , who do n't want to be the last to leave . There 's a rush for the exits , and Chuck does n't even have to lift a finger . OK , if someone did n't hear the threat , or does n't recognise Chuck Norris , he might actually have to carry out his threat for a few minutes . But simply seeing all the others leave the room will be enough to induce most to leave the room very quickly .
Chuck Norris does n't have to beat up everyone in the room . He just has to threaten to beat up as many as it takes to clear the room . The number of people he will actually beat up is a lot less than the number he threatens to beat up . If his threat is credible , and everyone hears it , he does n't need to beat up anyone .
Eventually , if the Fed bought up every single asset in the economy , and swapped it for cash , NGDP would rise to the Fed 's target path . Prices would rise without limit as the Fed bought up the last remaining assets because the sellers could name their price . And people would hire the unemployed to build factories which they could float on the stock and bond markets and sell to the Fed at any price they liked . Or sell to the people who had already sold all their assets to the Fed .
But there is no way it would ever get that far . That 's like saying that Chuck Norris will eventually beat up everyone in the room . That 's not an equilibrium .
Some people are just barely willing to hold cash in the current equilibrium . If they expect even the slightest rise in NGDP in even the distant future , they will get out of cash , and into real assets , or claims on real assets like commercial stocks and bonds . And this will increase the demand for goods today , either directly , or because firms find it easier to issue new stocks and bonds to finance investment . Which raises NGDP , and expected future NGDP , even if just a little . Which encourages additional people to exit cash too , and buy real assets and claims to real assets . Which raises NGDP and expected future NGDP still further . And so on . As soon as people figure out what 's going on , and what 's going to happen , expected NGDP rises to the target path . The Fed only has to carry out its threat until people catch on to what 's happening . Then it has to reverse course and sell all the assets it bought , and then some more , to prevent the economy overshooting the new equilibrium .
Want me to make it more concrete still ? OK . Here 's the New Keynesian version :
Eventually , if it carries out its threat for long enough , NGDP will eventually rise . Some people figure this out . Maybe only a few . They expect either a rise in the future price level or a rise in future real income , or a bit of both . If they expect a rise in the future price level , that means lower real interest rates for given nominal interest rates . That encourages current consumption and investment demand . If they expect a rise in future real income , that also encourages current consumption demand and current investment demand . ( People consume more today if they expect to have higher real income in future ; firms invest more today if they think there will be bigger demand for the extra goods that will help them produce in future . ) So current consumption and investment demand rises , which increases current NGDP .
The more slow-witted people and firms see that rise in current NGDP , and spend more on consumption and investment , and also revise upwards their expectations of future NGDP , which causes an additional rise in consumption and investment and NGDP .
More people begin to figure out that maybe the Fed 's target is credible after all .
And so on .
Oh , and if you believe in the debt-deleveraging hypothesis , there 's an additional channel . Higher expected future NGDP makes it easier to handle a given debt load , by reducing future expected debt/income ratios .
Update : I really want people to read a triad of very good posts by Bill Woolsey : his response to thoughts on NGDP targeting by Paul Krugman ; Brad DeLong ; and Steve Williamson . Bill lays out clearly some of the issues about how NGDP level path targeting works .
Bernie Sanders held a rally in Chicago this weekend . At the People 's Summit , supporters begged Sanders to start his own third party , believing that the Democrats would never adopt their policies and were therefore beyond hope . In his address to the Summit , Sanders announced that the Democratic Party was “ an absolute failure ” , needed “ fundamental change ” , and must “ open its doors to working people and young people… who are prepared to fight for social and economic justice . ”
“ Social and economic justice ” in the Bernie camp , of course , is restricted to the set of policies he advocates , in their purest form , with no nuance or hesitation . Declaring support for a single-payer healthcare is a rite of passage for any candidate hoping to avoid the wrath of his supporters . Insufficient degree of anti-Wall-Street populist zeal , or having too many donations from employees of an industry perceived as corrupting , is grounds for a primary challenge to any Democratic politician . Democrats around the country have been forced to uncritically accept a $ 15 minimum wage , free college for all , and a variety of other Sanders tenets just to avoid a painful , expensive , and degrading battle with their own base .
“ We may not have won the campaign in 2016 , but there is no question that we have won the battle of ideas , ” Sanders declared on stage , flush with ideological victory before a roaring crowd . “ Ideas that , just a few years ago , seemed radical and unattainable , are now part of Main Street discussion . ”
The position frequently adopted by Democrats these days is that the Bernie movement 's policies are a nice goal , and ultimately what everybody would like to implement , but sadly out of reach due to political reality that demands compromise . But this kind of appeasement is dishonest , counterproductive , and ultimately destructive to the party .
Poorly-considered , half-baked policy can have disastrous consequences when implemented . In Bernie 's own Vermont , for example , a “ Medicare for all ” single-payer plan was approved by the legislature . Yet the plan , called Green Mountain Care , imploded when financial projections revealed that it would have occupied 90 % of the state 's budget and required a 10 % + increase in taxes to implement . Governor Shumlin , a former supporter , said that implementation was , in light of the projections , “ unwise and untenable ” , and terminated the process .
With this example in mind , it is important to examine the actual details of how Bernie plans to implement his policies beyond the rallying cries , lest all of America meet the same fate as his own state . Unfortunately , Bernie has never been forthcoming in offering those details . In interviews , when pressed for nuance , he typically reverts to a set of virtuous re-statements of the problems he hopes to solve and attacks on those he believes perpetrate those problems , and never delves into his solutions beyond simple repetition of his key phrases . Even after an examination of his website and career , it 's virtually impossible to find a plank of Bernie 's platform that has even the shallowest of roots beyond his slogans .
One of Bernie 's key rallying-cries , for example , is “ break up the big banks. ” Shattering the six largest banks in America ( J.P Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Wells Fargo , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , and Morgan Stanley ) is an enormous undertaking that requires division of nearly ten trillion dollars worth of assets . Even the slightest mistake in this process could have profound negative implications for the global economy . Yet when Bernie was asked about his plan for doing this by the New York Daily News , he revealed that he not only had no plan but was also lacking knowledge of basic details of the issue :
Daily News : I get that point . I 'm just looking at the method because , actions have reactions , right ? There are pluses and minuses . So , if you push here , you may get an unintended consequence that you do n't understand . So , what I 'm asking is , how can we understand ? If you look at JPMorgan just as an example , or you can do Citibank , or Bank of America . What would it be ? What would that institution be ? Would there be a consumer bank ? Where would the investing go ?
Sanders : I 'm not running JPMorgan Chase or Citibank .
Daily News : No . But you 'd be breaking it up .
Sanders : That 's right . And that is their decision as to what they want to do and how they want to reconfigure themselves . That 's not my decision . All I am saying is that I do not want to see this country be in a position where it was in 2008 , where we have to bail them out . And , in addition , I oppose that kind of concentration of ownership entirely….So I ca n't say , if you 're saying that we 're going to break up the banks , will it have a negative consequence on some people ? I suspect that it will . Will it have a positive impact on the economy in general ? Yes , I think it will .
a couple answers later :
Sanders : You would determine is that , if a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . And then you have the secretary of treasury and some people who know a lot about this , making that determination . If the determination is that Goldman Sachs or JPMorgan Chase is too big to fail , yes , they will be broken up .
Daily News : Okay . You saw , I guess , what happened with Metropolitan Life . There was an attempt to bring them under the financial regulatory scheme , and the court said no . And what does that presage for your program ?
Sanders : It 's something I have not studied , honestly , the legal implications of that .
In defense of this interview , many Sanders supporters have pointed to the fact that Bernie introduced a bill to break up the big banks . Bernie 's own website points to this bill as though it 's evidence of his expertise . The bill in question is barely 500 words in length , and contains only the following text with respect to how to actually break up the banks :
( a ) IN GENERAL . — Notwithstanding any other provision of law , but not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act , the Secretary of the Treasury shall break up entities included on the Too Big To Fail List , so that their failure would no longer cause a catastrophic effect on the United States or global economy without a taxpayer bailout .
( b ) CONSULTATION WITH OTHER REGULATORS . — In carrying out the requirement of subsection ( a ) , the Secretary of the Treasury shall consult with the primary financial regulatory agency of the entity to be broken up .
In other words , “ They must be broken up . How ? That 's the Secretary of the Treasury 's job to figure out . ”
This is not in any way shape or form a serious proposal . This is like the two-page bill the GOP submitted to repeal Obamacare that just said “ repeal Obamacare ” with no details or expectation of actual implementation . It 's a policy statement disguised as a bill , created for one purpose only : So Bernie can say he introduced a bill to break up the big banks , but the corrupt corporate congressmen voted against it .
Sanders : Well , by the way , the idea of breaking up these banks is not an original idea . It 's an idea that some conservatives have also agreed to . You 've got head of , I think it 's , the Kansas City Fed , some pretty conservative guys , who understands . Let 's talk about the merit of the issue , and then talk about how we get there .
Occasional well-read Bernie supporters , and Bernie himself , will point to Minneapolis ( not Kansas City ) Fed President Neel Kashkari 's Minneapolis Plan as proof that Bernie 's policies have some economic backing . But this plan also offers no vision for how to divide these banks or their assets , only a plan for how to encourage their break-up . This bears little resemblance to Bernie 's proposals as a break-up is merely a potential side-effect of the proposed regulatory changes , and Bernie has never demonstrated any familiarity with Mr. Kashkari 's plan beyond the “ break up the big banks ” tagline the media slapped on it .
Kashkari et al . : We advocate for much higher capital levels for large banks and a tax on leverage for shadow banks . We also believe our plan will lead covered banks to break themselves up to become non-systemically important while funded with much more capital .
The truth is that Bernie and his supporters have no plan to break up the big banks . Their “ break up the big banks ” slogan is not a serious policy proposal but a populist rallying cry for revenge against the perceived villains of the 2008 financial crisis . A populist rallying cry with no detail may fly on the campaign trail , but Bernie and his supporters are demanding that the party adopt his proposals as a legislative philosophy to earn their support . And that is the root of the problem .
Politics can not just be about winning . The Democratic Party must have a policy soul in addition to political muscle ; if a party simply takes on whatever policies it thinks will earn it the most votes , without regard for their efficacy or potential effects when implemented , then that party has no right to govern . It is barely a party at that point , just a machine to win power at all costs . If the party moves to adopt the half-baked , poorly-though-out campaign-slogan-disguised-as-policy tenets demanded by Sanders and company , it will quickly find itself in the same place the GOP finds itself today with its Obamacare repeal effort : struggling desperately to implement a policy , any policy , that fulfills its promise , regardless of the disastrous consequences of that policy . This is not a party that deserves the vote of anyone .
So the Democratic Party and its leadership must think very carefully about their strategy and talking points when it comes to the demands of the Sanders army . It is true that Bernie suffers a complete lack of integrity and grace , that much of his base is conspiracy theorists raised on a diet of right-wing and Russian propaganda , and that the attitude of a hostile mob is no way to ingratiate yourself in a party . But character issues can not be the only thing preventing an ideological takeover . The Party must also stand firm in its belief in realistic , nuanced , well-developed liberal policy ; the policy proposals of Bernie and company threaten that belief , and in doing so represent an existential threat to the integrity of the Democratic Party .
Donald Trump Jr. , pictured in December 2016 . ( Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images )
A one-digit mistake by CNN on Friday armed President Trump with new ammunition for another fusillade against the media . Hours later , the president fired away at a rally in Pensacola , Fla .
“ CNN apologized just a little while ago , ” Trump gloated . “ They apologized . Oh , thank you , CNN . Thank you so much . You should 've been apologizing for the last two years . ”
CNN reported Friday morning that Donald Trump Jr. received an email on Sept. 4 , 2016 , that granted special access to WikiLeaks documents . The network said in an online article that the email had been “ described to CNN by multiple sources . ”
But The Washington Post obtained the email itself and reported Friday afternoon that the message was actually dated Sept. 14 , 2016 — a difference that sets Trump Jr. 's receipt 10 days later .
The date matters . CNN 's report indicated that the Trump campaign had been fed hacked email files belonging to the Democratic National Committee and former secretary of state Colin Powell more than a week before the files were released publicly .
“ Interestingly , ” CNN reporter Manu Raju said on the air , “ the same day that Donald Trump Jr. received this email was the first time that he appears to have tweeted about WikiLeaks . ”
WIKILEAKS : Hillary Clinton Sent THOUSANDS of Classified Cables Marked “ ( C ) ” for Confidential https : //t.co/RzMaW1uN0x via gatewaypundit — Donald Trump Jr. ( @ DonaldJTrumpJr ) September 4 , 2016
CNN presented the timing of Trump Jr. 's tweet as a possible reason to doubt his claim that he never even saw the email .
The later email date reported by The Post means that Trump Jr. 's first tweet about WikiLeaks could not have been prompted by the email , since the president 's eldest son did not receive the message until 10 days after tweeting .
More important , the later date means that the email did not provide the Trump campaign with early access to WikiLeaks documents after all . The DNC files shared with Trump Jr. via a link and a “ decryption key ” on Sept. 14 , 2016 , had been posted online and advertised on Twitter by WikiLeaks the day before . And the Powell files had been posted online hours before Trump Jr. received the email from a person who identified himself as Michael J. Erickson .
As The Post 's Rosalind S. Helderman and Tom Hamburger noted in their report on the correct date of the email , “ the writer may have simply been flagging information that was already widely available . ”
CNN issued a correction and a statement on Friday afternoon .
CNN 's initial reporting of the date on an email sent to members of the Trump campaign about Wikileaks documents , which was confirmed by two sources to CNN , was incorrect . We have updated our story to include the correct date , and present the proper context for the timing of email — CNN Communications ( @ CNNPR ) December 8 , 2017
CNN 's report , though flawed , adds to previous reporting by the Atlantic that WikiLeaks called Trump Jr. 's attention to some of its disclosures through private Twitter exchanges and offered advice during and after the campaign . For example , WikiLeaks tipped off Trump Jr. to the launch of a political-action website opposing his father and provided a link , which Trump Jr. tweeted , that highlighted “ many great stories the press are missing ” in the hacked emails of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta .
The wrong date in CNN 's report exaggerated the apparent coziness between the president 's team and WikiLeaks , however .
You could practically hear the cry of “ fake news ” building in President Trump 's lungs before he took the stage in Pensacola and let it rip .
The “ fake news ” label suggests intentional deception , but there is no evidence that this was anything but a mistake . Plus , The Post 's report on the true date of the email is an example of how the press often polices itself — contrary to conspiratorial notions of a “ corrupt cabal , ” as Sean Hannity calls the media .
Still , a week after ABC made an even bigger error that also involved the inaccurate reporting of an event 's timing , CNN 's slip-up played into Trump 's effort to cast the media as unreliable and out to get him .
“ Did you see all the corrections the media 's been making ? ” Trump said Friday night . “ They 've been apologizing left and right . They took this fraudster from ABC — they suspended him for a month . They should have fired him for what he wrote . ”
This post has been updated to include a statement from CNN and Trump 's remarks in Pensacola .
“ Vengeance. ” His voice was soft , as if he were afraid that someone might be listening . “ Justice. ” Prince Doran pressed the onyx dragon into her palm with his swollen , gouty fingers , and whispered , “ Fire and blood . ”
–George R.R . Martin , A Feast for Crows
The lords and ladies of House Stark have commonly held themselves apart from the sordid intrigues of court . Though they often shy away from politics and secret dealings , the machinations of other Houses may soon draw them onto unfamiliar ground . After all , even the mightiest army can be undone with a few lines on a page or the stroke of an assassin 's dagger .
With the Wolves of the North deluxe expansion for A Game of Thrones : The Card Game , you gain a host of cards that you may use to grant House Stark their rightful place as Kings in the North . However , this expansion also offers two non-loyal cards to each of the other factions , alongside an assortment of neutral cards and plots .
You may use these new cards to ally with House Stark or to brutally destroy their plans . Today , we 'll take a look at how some factions may oppose House Stark by previewing the Martell and Targaryen cards from Wolves of the North !
Blood of My Blood
House Stark rules some of the coldest regions of Westeros , and they even seem to draw strength from the winter itself . With the advent of Wolves of the North , you can be sure that House Stark has an incentive to run plenty of Winter plots , especially with cards like Winterfell ( Wolves of the North , 17 ) and As Hard as Winter ( Wolves of the North , 22 ) . You may find your Stark opponent searching his deck for a Direwolf with A Time for Wolves ( Wolves of the North , 46 ) or even launching a full onslaught with The Long Winter ( Wolves of the North , 49 ) .
One good way to combat the power of Winter is simply by supporting the opposite season . If you want to crush the servants of the Usurper with House Targaryen , for instance , you may play Aggo ( Wolves of the North , 35 ) , a new Bloodrider character introduced in this expansion . Aggo can attack on the field of battle or subtle intrigues—or even both ! As an Action , Aggo allows you to choose and stand any Bloodrider character , provided that there is a Summer plot revealed . When Aggo joins Rakharo ( The Road to Winterfell , 33 ) , you can be sure that any opponent will fear the power of the Dothraki .
Alternatively , you could unleash your dragons ' fire on your enemies with Dragon Sight ( Wolves of the North , 36 ) . This event simply reduces the STR of each participating non-Dragon character until the end of the challenge . On its own , Dragon Sight may just allow you to win a challenge , but combined with effects like Dracarys ! ( Core Set , 176 ) and Blood of the Dragon ( No Middle Ground , 75 ) , this event can prove lethal to even the most powerful characters .
His Viper Eyes
In the volatile politics of the Seven Kingdoms , even Houses whose domains lie countless leagues apart may find that their ambitions lead them into direct conflict . As a Prince of Dorne , House Stark may seem distant , but it 's wise to prepare , and the new Martell cards in Wolves of the North can help you battle your foes .
The first card you gain is none other than Quentyn Martell ( Wolves of the North , 31 ) , the son of Doran Martell . Quentyn Martell naturally supports House Martell 's proclivity for going second—while you are not the first player , Quentyn Martell 's STR is raised and he gains stealth , allowing you to slip past your enemies all the more easily .
Stealth can help you evade the defenders of House Stark , but the Starks are also known for killing your best characters . If your enemies choose to slay Quentyn Martell , however , they must prepare for the consequences—when Quentyn Martell is killed , you can choose and kill any character with a lower STR . Normally , this ability might be unable to target your opponent 's most powerful characters , but Quentyn Martell is also a Lord of House Martell . When you combine him with Doran Martell ( Core Set , 105 ) , Quentyn 's STR can reach high enough for him to target nearly any character in the game when he dies .
If there 's one thing you can count on from House Stark , it 's that they 'll prefer to focus on military and power challenges whenever possible . It 's safe to assume that you 'll lose some of these challenges , but you can make the most of it by playing His Viper Eyes ( Wolves of the North , 32 ) . This free event can be played after you lose any military or power challenge as the defending player to look at your opponent 's hand and choose a card to discard !
Gaining full knowledge of your opponent 's tricks and discarding his most powerful card is dangerous enough , but His Viper Eyes can work even more to your advantage . Because House Martell 's preference for playing second is so well known , many players may choose to make you the first player to counter some of your schemes . This does have a subtle benefit , however—it gives you the first chance to trigger Actions and Reactions throughout the game . If you 're the first player , you play His Viper Eyes immediately after losing a military or power challenge , before your opponent has a chance to play a card . Then , you can discard whatever card would do the most damage , whether it 's a copy of Put to the Sword ( Core Set , 41 ) or Lady Sansa 's Rose ( The Road to Winterfell , 24 ) .
Melt the Ice
From the sands of Dorne , through the alleys of King 's Landing , and north to the Wall and beyond , change is coming to Westeros . Wolves of the North introduces a host of new cards and tactics to the game—will you fight for House Stark and establish their might , or will you attempt to bring the Starks to their knees ? The choice is yours .
The Wolves of the North deluxe expansion will soon be available for A Game of Thrones : The Card Game ! Pre-order your copy at your local retailer today .
This morning , NASA announced three winners of its competition to deliver astronauts to and from low Earth orbit and the International Space Station , in particular . Space Explorations Technologies , Inc. ( SpaceX ) and the Boeing Corporation each won major awards of $ 440 million and $ 460 million , respectively , with about half as much , $ 212 million , going to Sierra Nevada Corporation .
The awards come about two months after SpaceX demonstrated the capability of its pressurized Dragon capsule to rendezvous and berth with the ISS in late May . Dragon still needs a life-support system , a full docking system , and a launch abort system to carry crew to and from space , though this award should accelerate the development of those features . Neither Boeing 's nor Sierra Nevada 's vehicles have flown in space yet , though Boeing 's CST-100 capsule has been drop-tested , and there are plans for drop tests of Sierra Nevada 's lifting body at NASA Dryden Flight Research Center later this year .
The competitors for NASA money had to offer both a vehicle to carry crew and a reliable launcher to get it into space . SpaceX , Boeing , Blue Origin ( the company founded by Amazon 's Jeff Bezos ) , and Alliant Techsystems ( ATK ) , have all been working on capsules , while Sierra Nevada is developing a winged entry vehicle called the Dream Chaser that lands on a runway . As for the launcher , SpaceX proposed its own Falcon 9 rocket to carry the Dragon to orbit , while Boeing , Blue Origin , and Sierra Nevada would use the Atlas V rocket by United Launch Alliance . ATK would use its own proposed Liberty rocket for its capsule , which was derived from NASA 's Orion deep-space capsule and subcontracted to Lockheed Martin . Finally , Excalibur Almaz , a company based on the Isle of Man , proposed the use of existing Soviet hardware that it has purchased from Russia , and would presumably go up on Russian rockets .
The awards to Boeing , SpaceX , and Sierra Nevada are the latest step in NASA 's ongoing plan to nurture private spaceflight companies , which it hopes can take up the task of carrying astronauts to the ISS , one that fell exclusively to the Russians once the space shuttle retired . But this past spring , it looked like that plan of supporting numerous competitors was in danger . Some in Congress , primarily NASA Appropriations Chairman Frank Wolf of Virginia , had been pressuring the agency to select a single provider immediately to `` save money . '' However , with the recent successful flight of SpaceX 's Dragon capsule to and from the ISS , Wolf was persuaded to let the competition continue .
The rationale was that competition not only would drive down prices but also allow multiple providers . That way , NASA would not be dependent again on a single American means of getting its astronauts into orbit , which spells trouble if one spacecraft suffers mechanical failures . ( The space shuttle program was down for more than five years total during its lifetime for investigations after accidents . ) Congress and NASA worked out a compromise that let the agency fund `` two and a half '' winners . That is , two providers would be fully funded , and one at a lower number . Sierra Nevada is apparently the `` half . '' ( Although Ed Mango , head of NASA 's Commercial Crew Program , insisted that we should n't think of them as full or half , but just the money needed to get the job done in each case . )
Those companies not awarded contracts are not necessarily out of the competition to ferry NASA astronauts . They can keep building and offer NASA their services in future phases . They 'll just have to do it with their own money and not taxpayer assistance , for now . Whether or not they are willing to do so will depend on several factors : how deep their pockets are , what they think the prospects of getting back in the game are , and what markets they foresee beyond NASA ISS crew support . For example , Bigelow Aerospace plans private space facilities , for which they have memorandums of understanding with several `` sovereign clients '' —i.e. , countries such as Japan or the Netherlands .
Whichever company or companies NASA ultimately selects for carrying its crew , the new spacecraft will go beyond a shuttle replacement in one important way . Ever since the ISS was first occupied more than a decade ago , Russia has provided ISS lifeboat service , since the space shuttle never had the ability to stay at the station for more than a week or two . All of the new vehicles are designed for an orbital life of several months . And with room for seven they are larger than the three-passenger Soyuz . This is important , and not just because it eliminates NASA 's dependence on the Russians , with whom relations can be rocky . These new spacecraft would also allow an expansion of ISS crew capacity , currently limited by lifeboat size . Because of the maintenance required for the facility , only one crew member on average can do actual research . Adding to the crew by having a bigger lifeboat would multiply the amount of science generated on orbit .
# 44 – Emotion & censure
No matter how old you are , you know that the pyramids of Giza – Cheops . Khafre and Menkaure – are the last remaining vestige of the wonders of the ancient world . They are an icon , a feat of architecture and the main reason why each year millions of tourists plant their feet on the dusty ground South of Cairo . But if you look at it from a different point of view , the pyramids are only mountains of stones placed on top of each other , they 're nothing vitally important and they have no incidence on our day-to-day life . Even more , any one of us could die without visiting them and it would be ok . But you know what ? If I find out that a group of madmen wanted to blow them up – for religious reasons , ignorance , or just plain spite – I would surely panic and do everything I could to avoid that . Because there are elements that are part of our essence as cultural beings and we ca n't afford to lose them and once they 're lost they 're irrecoverable .
Well then , this thing about the pyramids of Egypt also applies to my relationship with Barça : it does n't provide me with food , my life does n't depend on it , it does n't define my day-to-day life , but I will fight with everything I have if I face the fact that someone is destroying it . Today , in September of 2017 , I have this certainty .
Let 's look back a couple of years , on the eve of the club 's presidential election that happened on July 18th 2015 . On this blog , I wrote a few pieces explaining why we had to dislodge Bartomeu and his board from the leadership of the club . I said this :
“ On Saturday , July 18th , Barça 's members have the opportunity to avoid their club 's fall into the abyss . During this series of posts we have given enough reasons why everyone should be aware of the fact that the management of Rosell and Bartomeu in the last five years has been much worse than the majority of the media have informed . If this neonunyisme leadership were to win again and run the club for the next six year than we would be facing the last years of this club as we 've known it . The accelerated loss of values ( Unicef , academy , Qatar ) along with the danger of them turning the club into a public limited company would make this new entity very different from our Barça . ”
“ Seeing this summary of proved and irrefutable actions it is easy to conclude that voting for Bartomeu can only happen for one of the two following reasons : being completely misinformed or having a personal interest in him continuing . Anyone who is a true Barça fan should be very far from reality in order to keep supporting a board that is in the process of demolishing our esteemed club . ”
We are aware of the fact that in that moment some readers though that “ it was all looking very bad ” , but they were n't aware of the chaos that was already taking root . What 's more , 25 months after those elections we are worse than we expected . Let 's summarize things .
During the 2015 campaign we knew a lot of things about the board : that they had replaced Unicef with an Islamic dictatorship because Rosell and his pals had a personal interest in doing that ; that they did n't care about the model of play of the first team in the least ; that the academy was a bother for them and that , in general , they could n't stop lying . Laporta 's three best decisions – in the words of Rosell himself – were “ Unicef , kicking the violent fans out of the stadium and hiring Pep Guardiola ” , but curiously , shortly after , we saw that we had Qatar instead of Unicef , that the violent fans were back in the stadium and that Pep Guardiola was far away and despised . And to top it all off , lies about everything : the exits of Thiago and Abidal , the games that were promised to be scheduled at times accessible for kids , Neymar 's price or the FIFA ban . ( If anyone wants a complete and structured story of all of these actions you can find it in this series of pieces that I mentioned before . )
We knew all of this , but we did n't yet know that Sandro Rosell would end up in jail for money laundering and that his successor Bartomeu would be so shameless as to get the club convicted in order to save himself of a crime that he had committed , like he did in the Neymar case . We also did n't know that they would end up losing the suit they had filed against Laporta 's board and that in the process they would lose the club money in attorney fees for the Cuatrecasas firm . In other words , we knew that the suit was unjust and even immoral , but the verdict of May 2017 laid clear the fact that it had no legal basis . In those days before the elections we also did n't know that Bartomeu 's board would do shady deals with the seats of members behind their backs and we also had n't witnessed the delirious summer transfer market activity that happened this year , in which the club , and especially its hypertrophied sporting structure , made a historic mockery of themselves .
It would be interesting to go over the club 's accounts from 2016-2017 , but it has n't been possible because they are n't yet posted on the club 's website and they have n't officially presented them yet .
It 's clear the the management of Rosell was very bad , but this appendix in the form of Bartomeu that destiny ( or rather 25823 confused members ) has given us goes above any bad prevision we might have made , transforming Joan Gaspart into a just student of the world of nonsense .
We ca n't ignore the fact that this mafia that has taken hold of the club – I do n't think anyone can get scandalized over labeling them this way , given the fact that their leader is in jail for being a part of a criminal organization – counts on a lot of support from important sections of the media – the Godo Group and them are basically made of the same substance , while TV3 has taken a stand that is improper of a public station – but in order for them to destroy the club with impunity the opposition has also played a role with its hardly justifiable passivity . The infinity of groups and platforms that orbit the club , made out of members that are unhappy with this management , has been unable to articulate a speech that unites them all in order to get rid of this board , in a lot of cases because of the presidential aspirations of some in the opposition , who are paralyzed by the fear of spending energy before the time is right and have opted to watch impassibly as Barça was falling apart bit by bit .
Beyond this inaction , the opposition has made another transcendental error . They identified everyone who voted for Bartomeu as a classic nunyista who is happy with an odd cup and the club making a profit , which is a distorted perception of reality . I understand that the idealization of the enemy is a common mistake , but if you really want to lead the club you have to make a more accurate analysis of the situation . To start with , there are 85000 members that did n't vote for neonunyisme , so they had an ample field of voters to work with . Also , and probably most importantly , not all of the 25823 that voted for Bartomeu fit the profile of the stereotypical nunyista who has been brainwashed by Mundo Deportivo 's and viscerally hates Guardiola . They need to open their eyes and see that not everyone lives Barça with the same intensity as some of us do : for some the club only exists on Sundays and Wednesdays , when the ball rolls across the pitch , which the , shall we say , “ political ” life of the entity does n't interest them at all . They vote with the ones in power purely because of inertia . They do n't have the need to be informed over the things that happen outside the pitch . This is group that could have been worked on , this is where the base that could have tipped the scales resides . A union of opposition forces , even if under the name of “ holy alliance ” or the label of “ Siberians ” , would have facilitated things . The lunches , dinners and other meeting with various people that are already convinced of the need for change are useless . The important work would have been to bit by bit bring in people that are not informed or badly informed about the club and this could have produced the effect like an oil stain . If you add some more strategic moves , like knowing how to involve politicians in this battle , then the options for success would have been significantly higher . This last idea is not crazy : you just had to know how to transmit the idea that Barça is a key element in the independence process – a state structure , in its own language – for the independence supporting parties to have wanted to support this . How ? Very easy : by avoiding that the board of the sport section of the Catalunya TV had fallen into the hands of people that are intolerably servile to Bartomeu 's board . In case there 's anyone who is still naïve at this point in the reading , I would recall you that the previous chief of the sport department , Josep Maria Farràs signed for Barça at the start of 2017 , in a clear case of the “ revolving doors ” system that we criticize in politics all the time .
Now that we 've diagnosed the situation and brought evidence of the difficult illness affecting Barça , we should look ahead to study how we can get out with this situation in a better condition . First of all , we have to define and secure the fundamental structure of the blaugrana entity . I do n't think I 'm discovering hot water here when I state that the following elements are the pillars of the club 's being :
Property structure ( club belongs to the members )
Personal model of play
Vector of Catalan identity
Academy
Singular international image
Other sporting sections
In order to recover these essences ( and maybe even save the club from irreparable damage ) we have to throw out the current management . Given the fact that they have no intention of leaving of their own accord and that the next elections are in 2021 , we have to use the emergency mechanism known as a vote of no confidence . The eternal candidate Agustí Benedito has had the courage of taking a step forwards and initiating this process . Obviously , from this site , we give this initiative our full support . It seems like a difficult challenge , in order to get to the vote itself he has to collect 16570 signatures in a relatively short period of time , but , looking at it from a different perspective , we have to keep in mind the fact that in 2015 Joan Laporta alone obtained 15615 votes , in an election that happened during a single day and in only one place .
Is saving Barça an emergency ? Yes , and we can give plenty of reasons for this , but they could all be summed up in this one : this year Leo Messi has turned 30 years old . This blessing that the fate has generously placed in our hands is facing the risk of retiring with his potential being wasted and this would be inexcusable .
It is necessary that all good natured culers get involved in this vote of no confidence . Speak to the members that you normally disagree with , explain the reality to them , proselytize where you go and look for support under every rock . Everything is in play now .
We 're writing these lines filled with the emotion of the developments of the last few weeks , in which we have stared absolute evil , from the ignorant version of it who states that his God is the best , to the nauseating one which inhabits the deepest sewers and hides behind the final letter of the alphabet . But there are also the lines that transcend censure , because if you can you have to investigate and avoid abuses . Living in a society , being citizens , obligates us to not close our eyes to what is affecting our community , even if , but circumstance , the matter might not affect us directly .
[ Special thanks to @ DianaKristinne ]
@ RogerVinton
RogerVinton2012 @ gmail.com
On 15 February the Italian coastguard launched an operation to rescue more than 2,000 migrants who were in difficulty between the island of Lampedusa and the coast of Libya . Anna Triandafyllidou writes on the pressure irregular migration is having on the countries of southern Europe . She argues that countries such as Italy and Greece are now facing a ‘ triple crisis ' composed of irregular migration , stubborn unemployment rates , and high levels of poverty , which is feeding into the growth of anti-establishment politics .
In recent years , Greece seems to have functioned as a barometer for social tensions in Europe . The country 's economic crisis and potential exit from the euro has generated deep anxiety for the Eurozone , first in the period between 2010 and 2012 , and again in the aftermath of the Greek election on 25 January . At the same time , Syrian asylum seekers ' squats in Syndagma square , which emerged in November last year – directly in front of the Hellenic Parliament – exemplified the failures of the EU 's asylum system .
Syrians were given international protection by the Greek state through a facilitated and rapid procedure , after a government decision in November . The asylum seekers themselves do not want this protection : they wanted to move on to other European countries where such protection comes with a set of integration measures ( accommodation , training , family allowances ) that would guarantee these families a future in the host country .
Ultimately , the squat was dissolved partly through negotiation and satisfaction of the refugees ' claims – the mayor of Athens , along with the national government , sought shelter for families and tried to integrate these people into the admittedly scarce social assistance programmes that Greece has been running in these austere times . It was also achieved partly through police intervention – effectively the asylum seekers were physically removed from Syndagma square by police forces one chilly December morning .
These events highlight the tough challenges that southern European countries , and particularly Greece and Italy , face . Asylum is a common concern for both northern and southern European countries , however southern countries are exposed to pressures at their borders because of their geographical proximity to zones of instability and conflict . Northern and western European countries , on the other hand , are the preferred destinations of asylum seekers .
Thus both groups of countries have a common concern to share this burden , albeit looking at the problem from different perspectives . Southern European countries simultaneously face the pressures of irregular migration and asylum seekers , which necessitates a way of effectively filtering applications . Northern European countries are more ‘ protected ' from irregular migration because of their geographical position and hence face mostly the problem of processing applications rather than that of filtering them at their borders .
The problem of irregular migration in southern European countries
Four EU countries have taken the brunt of irregular migration arrivals and asylum seeker applications in the past 15 years : Spain , Italy , Malta and Greece . While Spain was a preferred route for irregular migrants from sub-Saharan Africa in the mid-2000s , this western Mediterranean route is by now largely abandoned . Italy by contrast has been registering high numbers of arrivals of irregular migrants throughout the last ten years and ranks 12th in terms of its share of asylum seekers among the top ten receiving countries worldwide in the period 2008-2014 .
In 2011 , arrivals were related to the Arab spring : an estimated total of 25,000 Tunisians arrived at the island of Lampedusa in the first two months of 2011 . An additional 20,000 sub-Saharan Africans arrived in the spring and summer of 2011 in Lampedusa and Sicily , fleeing the war and racial violence in Libya . Since 2013 , though , there has been a dramatic increase in the number of Syrian asylum seekers fleeing war in the region , leading to a huge upsurge in arrivals on Italian shores . The Mare Nostrum operation , run by the Italian government with the aim of intercepting migrant boats headed for Italy , saved over 150,000 asylum seekers and irregular migrants in the period between October 2013 and October 2014 .
Greece also remains one of the main geographical points of entrance to the EU for Asian and African irregular migrants and asylum claimants travelling through Africa or Asia to Turkey and then crossing into Europe . Apprehensions of irregular migrants ( including potential asylum seekers ) at the Greek Turkish land and sea borders nearly doubled in the period 2007-2010 , before decreasing from 2011-2013 , only to pick up abruptly in late 2013 , leading to over 72,000 apprehensions in 2014 ( twice as many compared to 2013 ) .
The three Mediterranean routes of irregular migration ( and hence also of asylum seekers ) function as communicating containers : when one route is stopped , another is under pressure . When this route is abandoned it is not because irregular migration and asylum seeking pressures overall fall but rather because the routes shift . In the late 2000s and early 2010s , the Greek Turkish land and sea corridor was heavily under pressure , and in the last year we have witnessed another dramatic change as irregular migrants and particularly asylum seekers seek to cross from Libya or Turkey to Italy .
Loading asylum seekers or irregular migrants onto small dinghies , which in turn transfer them to cargo ships and then push them toward Italian waters is the latest strategy uncovered by the coastguard , migration experts and the media . The turbulent Middle Eastern context suggests that pressures for asylum seeking from the region and opportunities for smugglers to make money by ferrying people to southern EU shores will continue .
Irregular migration and anti-establishment politics in Greece , Italy and Spain
In this difficult international landscape , Greece , Italy and Spain are caught between a rock and a hard place : they face an international migration and asylum seeking management crisis , and an internal migration crisis – as migrant workers who are settled in the country face dramatic unemployment and increasing poverty often resulting in their loss of legal migration status . However they also face an increasingly angry electorate , tired of years of austerity and looking for a route towards economic growth and improvement of the social protection net ( which was weak in the first place and has become nearly non-existent after five years of austerity ) .
Greece has experienced its own neo-Nazi moment with the rise of Golden Dawn in the last five years . Gaining seats for the first time in the municipal council of Athens in the 2010 election , Golden Dawn won 7 per cent in the 2012 national elections , and 6.3 per cent in 2015 . In the lead up to the 2015 elections , the left-wing protest vote was nevertheless directed toward Syriza and other parties , including the centrist To Potami ( The River ) , and the Independent Greeks ( ANEL ) , who eventually entered into a governing coalition with Syriza . For now , the momentum behind Golden Dawn appears to have stalled .
The populist Five-Star Movement led by Beppe Grillo in Italy has also become deflated to some extent . After a spectacular success in the 2013 election , internal discord and the allegedly ‘ authoritarian tendencies ' of the party 's leader have led to disillusionment among some voters . In Spain , despite harsh austerity measures and dramatically high unemployment ( like Greece ) popular discontent has been channelled to new centre-left forces , chiefly Podemos , which more closely resembles Syriza than Grillo 's movement .
The challenge perhaps remains whether these political parties can manage to successfully channel popular discontent and citizen protest back into the political system , strengthening efforts aimed at socio economic and political reform rather than leading to anti-systemic populist or radical-right protest . Dealing with their triple crisis – increased migration and asylum pressures , rampant unemployment and de-regularisation of settled migrants , and increasing poverty for citizens – southern European countries and their governments undoubtedly face tough times ahead . Part of the solution to their challenges lies , however , with Europe , as national migration/asylum management and socio-economic reform are closely intertwined with EU policies in these areas .
Please read our comments policy before commenting .
Note : This article gives the views of the author , and not the position of EUROPP – European Politics and Policy , nor of the London School of Economics .
Shortened URL for this post : http : //bit.ly/1MtNkJT
_________________________________
About the author
Anna Triandafyllidou – European University Institute
Anna Triandafyllidou is Professor at the Global Governance Programme of the Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies ( RSCAS ) at the European University Institute .
Mattias Karlsson , who is in charge of the Sweden Democrats for the foreseeable future after the party 's leader Jimmie Åkesson announced on Tuesday that he was extending his sick leave , described Nazism as `` terrible '' in an interview with Swedish broadcaster SVT on Tuesday .
But he added that he felt the threat from Islamism today was `` perhaps greater than from Nazism '' .
The word Islamism broadly refers to the ideology that says a country 's government and society should operate in accordance with Islamic laws .
`` One must of course take all ideologies seriously and fight them in every way , '' said Karlsson on Tuesday .
The Sweden Democrats have roots in neo-Nazi movements of the 1980s and 1990s but have sought to distance themselves from their background and to establish themselves as a mainstream political party .
The anti-immigration group is currently the third largest group in Sweden 's Riksdag , scoring almost 13 percent of the vote in the last general election .
`` If you look at what is happening in the world right now , you can not hide the fact that Islamism is a major threat to human rights and democracy throughout the world , '' added Karlsson in his SVT interview .
His comments have provoked outrage among Jews in Sweden , who are marking the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Nazi extermination camps in occupied Poland .
Lena Posner-Körösi , chairwoman of the Jewish community in Stockholm , whose father emigrated to Sweden from Germany in 1939 told The Local :
`` It is completely out of line to start comparing threats - especially on a day when we are commemorating Jews . We still have Holocaust survivors among us and they have some very scary testimonies . ''
`` As we make this commemoration , we want people to recognize evil in the world and to know that this can happen to any group , not just Jews . For him [ Mattias Karlsson ] to talk about the threat of Islam as he has done is very dangerous and shows he has n't learnt anything . And yes , he is from a group with a Nazi past . ''
Stockholm 's Great Synagogue where Jews are gathering on Tuesday evening . Photo : TT
Leading Muslim commentators have also criticized Karlsson 's comments .
`` It is not the first time that he has talked about the dangers of Islam and a multicultural society , '' Zachariah Zouhir who is chairman of the African Swedish National Association told The Local .
`` He is seeking to polarize different groups . But actually what happened to the Jews is happening to Muslims now . We are being persecuted in Europe . We may not be being killed , but there are attacks on our mosques , women are being attacked in the street and governments are getting tougher on us . ''
He added that the Muslim community would also be remembering Jews this week as part of the global commemoration of the date Jews were freed from the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camps .
Things Lucy Maud Montgomery Lied To Me About
That after an ugly childhood and gawky adolescence , I would blossom into a legendary beauty , the type of which that would awe strangers and be best described as “ lissome ” and “ shining , ” instead of being someone who obsessively watched makeup tutorials on Youtube and yet still manages to go out with one eye made up perfectly and the other one looking like it had been made up by a drunken goat with only one hoof .
That as an adult woman , I would be judged mostly on the skill of my housekeeping , and people would comment on the cleanliness of my dishcloths and quality of my ironing rather than literally every single other decision I made starting with my clothes and ending somewhere around the way I chose to orient staples in paperwork .
That college would involve a great deal more cakes and beautiful dresses and having housekeepers , and much less time arguing with roommates over whose turn it was to take out the recycling and what that weird smell coming from the pantry was .
That I could ( and would , of course ) give my house a name without neighbours and the Canadian postal authorities treating me like I 'd completely lost my marbles , and refer to my house by name with a straight face and without constantly explaining myself .
That it would be impossibly romantic to live on a small island in the middle of a lake , rather than just incredibly inconvenient when I would run out of eggs or Scotch tape or aluminum foil .
That peddlers would actually come to my house with things I needed or even wanted to buy , instead of no one coming by my house ever except for the mailman and Jehovah 's Witnesses .
That elocution was an actual art form and viable career path , and reciting was a skill that would I would be called upon to demonstrate periodically as a teenager , even though as an actual teenager more of my time was spent gossiping with my friends on the phone about what someone said to someone else in physics .
That I would have a collection of beautiful gowns made of silk , satin , organza , challis , lace , and chiffon , rather than a collection of T-shirts with mysteriously-appearing holes in them and weird stains .
That cooking would involve a lot more things like jam doughnuts , homemade wine , creamed chicken , gingerbread with cream , lemon pies , pound cake , tongue , and puddings in general ; and a lot fewer things like exciting new ways to marinate chicken breasts and a general inability to master things like beaten biscuits and not pathetically overcooking vegetables .
That it would be seen as the height of inhospitality and rudeness to greet guests without a healthy supply of pies and cakes , rather than the exceedingly normal state of affairs and certainly no cause for alarm .
That I would be faced with a number of handsome and respectful ( or at the very least , respectful ) potential suitors and/or love interests , instead of a series of dates and boyfriends that varied between “ mildly weird with the potential for good stories , ” to “ heartbreakingly misguided , ” to “ outright alarming . ”
That life would involve many , many , many more sunset vistas and clouds soaring over hills and many fewer hours spent sitting in rush-hour traffic and many fewer days spent living in apartment buildings with views of dumpsters .
That being published would require nothing more than a knack for writing , the money for many sets of stamps , and the patience to continue sending out work ; instead of requiring an MFA in writing , at least one good family connection to a famous editor , and the promise of a firstborn child or the blood of a sacrificial lamb .
The vinegar-flavoured salt may be the best thing to happen to a fish and chip supper since sliced bread
Malt salt - what soggy chips have been waiting for ? Photograph : Sarah Lee for the Guardian
The question has inspired culinary debate for decades . How do you sprinkle vinegar on your chips without making them too wet ? We may have an answer : Malt Salt – a new vinegar-flavoured salt that US makers J & D 's say will make your chips both salty and malty , but not `` soggy as a Seattle winter '' .
Will fish and chips ever be the same again ? In the spirit of journalistic inquiry , I head to the Guardian canteen to put my pot of Malt Salt – yours for about £2.80 – through its paces . I take two chips . One I lace liberally with vinegar and salt . The other with Malt Salt . The vinegared chip is delicious : soggy , salty and fiercely acidic . And Malt Salt ? It does taste vaguely vinegarish . And it is definitely dry . But I actually miss the chip 's soggy centre .
Thankfully , Malt Salt is just a sideline for J & D 's , whose main trade is bacon-flavoured condiments : kosher-certified bacon salt , `` baconnaise '' , `` Mmmvelopes '' ( bacon-flavoured envelopes ) and , best of all , bacon lip balm . `` Everything should taste like bacon , '' say founders Justin Esch and Dave Lefkow . Well , everything apart from vinegar .
Grow would n't be the first connected gardening product that claims to sell you everything you need ; last year the SproutsIO microgarden promised to sell you seeds and a pot that would let you grow your own herbs and vegetables hydroponically . But that 's an indoor system , and it 's also a lot more expensive . Grow is for people who have access to some kind of outdoor space like a roof , deck or small garden , and do n't have the time or expertise to cultivate and manage it . I used to live in a house with flowers and a small vegetable garden and yes , it 's a lot more work than dealing with some potted indoor plants . Temperature becomes a bigger concern , as does pest control .
Each Grow Duo is a little over two feet wide , a foot deep and 16 inches tall . The plastic container is light enough to pick up and move around , even when it 's filled with soil . Hopefully you wo n't have to shift the Duo around too often , though , given that it needs to be connected to a hose so the planter can water itself . But still , that flexibility will come in handy if you plant something that requires a bit more ( or less ) sun and needs to be relocated .
A big part of Grow 's system is being aware of things like light levels and temperature , and the Duo will monitor those along with the water levels and humidity . Thanks to the app it 's also generally aware of the local climate so you wo n't try to grow something seasonally inappropriate . For example , in colder climes tomatoes should be grown as soon as possible after last frost , while root vegetables can endure at least two harvests .
The Growth app will feed you all this information , gathering the latest data from the planter via Bluetooth Low Energy . This keeps the power draw of the planter rather miniscule : Each Grow device is powered by two AA batteries , which last about a year . The planter will sync with your device every time you 're in range . The downside is that you ca n't check on the planters from afar , like when you go on vacation . But Grow will at least make sure they 're properly watered while you 're gone , so you do n't have to rely on flaky friends or relatives to keep an eye on your kale .
While multiple units can be daisy-chained together for watering purposes , each Duo is a self-contained system when it comes to gathering data and monitoring its crops . The planters can accommodate the equivalent of two Grow seed packets at a time . Each packet contains a biodegradable sheet embedded with seeds , positioned according to how much space is needed for the grown plants .
You can mix and match different crops ; the app will make suggestions on what to grow but ultimately it 's your choice . The system will warn you when two crops are incompatible and should n't be planted together , as well as other advice throughout the season . The app also makes it easy to reorder soil and seeds from Grow as needed , though you always have the option of picking up your own materials as you become more comfortable with gardening . However , Grow would rather you use the soil sent with each planter since the watering system is designed with that proprietary mix in mind . As for the seed kits , they run between $ 6 and $ 20 , while packets at your local Home Depot usually cost less than $ 3 . You 're definitely paying a premium for the convenience .
The seed kits span a range of edible greenery , from herbs and leafy greens for salad to more substantial fruits and vegetables like berries , cucumbers and eggplant . When there is n't enough time left in the season for a full crop to mature , Grow will offer seedlings give you a headstart The app will recommend the best plants for your particular climate but does n't limit you to local produce : Grow CEO Idan Cohen mentioned there were certain greens from Israel that he missed and could n't find in the United States . Grow plans to offer its customers a diverse selection of seeds , making them a lot easier to care for while still keeping your environment in mind .
The Growth Duo is available for pre-order now , with early bird buyers able to snag one for $ 199 , discounted from the retail price of $ 249 . That includes a $ 20 credit for buying your first few plant kits . If October seems a little late to start gardening , the Duo is n't actually set to begin shipping until January 2018 , giving you plenty of time to get ready for spring .
Atlanta 's booze-selling business owners are up in arms over a proposal to hike alcohol permit costs , and their fervent outcry at City Hall Tuesday knocked the legislation on its tush .
The ordinance pitch , borne of the City Council 's finance committee at the behest of the mayor 's administration , would require bars , restaurants , and music venues to apply for three separate $ 5,000 permits in order to serve beer , wine , and liquor . Currently , Atlanta bars need only one permit per service counter , meaning , if this plan passed , local watering holes such as Edgewood Avenue 's Georgia Beer Garden would need to shell out some $ 30,000 to serve patrons at their upstairs and downstairs bars .
But the legislation was filed away during the Council 's public safety and legal administration committee meeting Tuesday afternoon , after Atlanta business owners showed up en masse to fight the proposal and question its supposed necessity .
Mayor Kasim Reed 's deputy chief of staff , Katrina Taylor Parks , speaking on behalf of Atlanta 's executive branch , said the legislation would put cash in the city 's coffers to deal with the costs of dealing out all these permits and regulating who 's up to date .
Karen Bremer , CEO of the Georgia Restaurant Association , told councilmembers and activists , “ This is something that will kill our neighborhoods. ” She said the legislation would cripple small businesses , and local proprietors said it could pave the way for “ huge box stores , ” as Grant Henry , an Old Fourth Ward bar owner , put it on Facebook .
“ Strong neighborhoods are built by neighbors , not by corporations , ” said Brandon Ley , co-owner of the Georgia Beer Garden . He and his business partner Johnny Martinez lobbed the idea of occupancy-dependant permit pricing . `` A bar of 98 people should n't have to pay the same as a bar of 2,000 , '' Martinez said , contrasting their other bar , Joystick , with a Dave and Buster 's .
`` Our margins are so little as it is , '' added Drew Van Leuvan , co-owner of Buckhead 's Seven Lamps . `` Government attempting to raise a liquor license fee 300 percent is outrageous and not sustainable for small businesses . If Atlanta wants to be considered a worldly city , you ca n't tax the doers and creators to the point where they leave the city and big box business takes over . Not smart business . ”
Parks continued to say that the legislation contained something of a clerical error , and that it is n't intended to triple the cost of obtaining a liquor license .
That 's just not true , Henry told Creative Loafing after the meeting . “ And you ca n't just tax people without proving that this goes with a cost , ” he said . Parks , prior to the meeting 's public comment time , conceded that the legislation lacked justification and said it would be presented no later than Monday , after further analysis of the costs of permitting and regulating .
Councilwoman Yolanda Adrean said the city should also acknowledge that many of these small businesses are putting revenue in the city 's pocket with plenty of other channels , such as sales tax and parking fees . “ There are other ways that you contribute to our economy without your licensing fees , ” she said .
Because the legislation was shelved , it will likely be nixed for the year and perhaps drafted anew under the next mayor 's administration .
Additional reporting by Angela Hansberger .
We know from letters , diaries and novels that Victorian bachelors expended much thought and worry on the issue of marriage . When confronted with a potential match , they had to weigh up both the financial and personal aspects of the married state .
Financially , Victorian marriage was an expensive business . Among the very poor , perhaps , neither party expected to get much material benefit out of the union . For the lower middle classes and up , however , it was considered essential that a man was able to offer his wife-to-be an adequate establishment – whether that meant a townhouse in Grosvenor Square with ten servants , a carriage and an account with a Paris dressmaker , or a poky semi-detached on the Holloway Road with one frazzled maid-of-all-work . Men of a certain class were expected to move out of their cheap bachelor lodgings , rent ( or more rarely , purchase ) a family home , spend money doing it up in a suitable style , and ideally earn enough to make their wives ladies of leisure . Given these expectations , marriage presented a significant drain on male finances and may even have put some men off the idea , at least until they were better situated in life .
Along with the financial considerations came the personal , many of which would resonate today . Questions asked by men in the nineteenth century included : Do I love this woman ? Will she make me happy ? Can I make her happy ? Can I bear to spend every Christmas until death do us part with my parents-in-law ? Will I still be able to spend time at my gentleman 's club/favourite tavern , or will I be trapped at home , sucked into domestic drudgery ?
Such concerns about money , love and more are reflected in a note which Charles Darwin penned when he was considering marriage . Like the thoroughly logical chap he was , Darwin drew up a list of pros and cons on the subject , which touchingly reflects the concerns of many of his fellow bachelors :
MARRY [ pros ] Children – ( if it Pleases God ) – Constant companion , ( & friend in old age ) who will feel interested in one , – object to be beloved and played with . better than a dog anyhow . – Home , & someone to take care of house – Charms of music & female chit-chat . – These things good for one 's health . – but terrible loss of time . – My God , it is intolerable to Think of spending ones whole life [ sic ] , like a neuter bee , working , working , & nothing after all . – No , no , wo n't do . – Imagine living all one 's day solitary in smoky dirty London house . – Only picture to yourself a nice soft wife on a sofa with a good fire , & books and music perhaps – Compare this vision with the dingy reality of Grt . Marlbro ' St. NOT MARRY [ cons ] Freedom to go where one liked – choice of Society & little of it . Conversation of clever men at clubs – Not forced to visit relatives , & to bend in every trifle . – to have the expense & anxiety of children – perhaps quarreling – Loss of time . – can not read in the Evenings – fatness & idleness – Anxiety & responsibility – less money for books & c – if many children forced to gain one 's bread . – ( But then it is very bad for ones health to work too much ) . Perhaps my wife wont like London [ sic ] ; then the sentence is banishment & degradation into indolent , idle fool .
Government axes family violence initiatives
15 December 2009
Media Statement
Government axes family violence initiatives
The Government today appeared to confirm it is axing two widely heralded family violence initiatives , which is a pretty tragic Christmas present for those working to reduce violence in our homes , says Labour Social Development spokesperson Annette King .
“ Social Development Minister Paula Bennett confirmed that funding set aside last year for Independent Victim Advocates in all Family Courts has been canned .
“ This is a terrible , backwards step . The Chief Family Court Judge Peter Boshier has repeatedly stressed the importance of such advocates in these courts , labelling them ‘ vital ingredients ' .
“ The advocate positions were created in response to research identifying they would help improve the effectiveness of domestic violence protection orders . They would provide support and assistance to victims of domestic violence and help to reduce their chances of re-victimisation , ” says Annette King .
“ Paula Bennett also appeared to confirm that the Government is to axe funding for the hugely successful “ It 's Not OK ” family violence campaign .
“ This too is a tragedy . Figures highlighted by the Families Commission in April this year show the campaign has been one of the most successful ever mounted in New Zealand .
“ They showed that a recent survey found that 99 per cent of Maori , and 90 per cent of Pacific Peoples recalled the campaign , and the overall retention rate was 90 per cent . This was a great result .
“ The research also showed there has been increased reporting of family violence as a result , which also shows the impact of the campaign , designed to tackle one of our most serious social issues , ” Annette King says .
“ What on Earth is this Government up to ? We 're heading into Christmas , where incidents of family violence typically increase significantly and this is the Government 's response ? ”
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Five years ago a composer created music for use in a one-off anti-piracy video . However , without his permission it was used time and again on dozens of commercial DVDs such as Harry Potter . Even in the wake of a huge controversy over `` corrupt '' and `` mafia-like '' practices , the local music rights group that got involved in the case failed to pay him the money he was owed . The case went to court and this week the music rights group lost .
In 2006 , Dutch musician Melchior Rietveldt was asked to compose a piece of music to be used in an anti-piracy advert . It was to be used exclusively at a local film festival .
However , when Rietveldt bought a Harry Potter DVD in 2007 , he discovered his music being used in the anti-piracy ad without his permission . In fact , it had been used on dozens of DVDs both in the Netherlands and overseas .
In order to get the money he was owed , Rietveldt went to local music royalty collecting agency Buma/Stemra who had been representing him since 1988 but had failed to pay him any money for the anti-piracy piece previously registered with them .
Eventually Stemra sent Rietveldt an advance of 15,000 euros along with a promise to forward a list of all the other DVDs that the composer 's music had been used on . That list never arrived , but according to the Amsterdam Court this week it amounted to at least 71 commercial DVDs .
In January 2009 , Rietveldt wrote to Stemra informing them that the amount paid thus far would n't cover the amount owed . Despite much wrangling , by 2011 Stemra still had n't provided Rietveldt with the necessary data but did pay another 10,000 euros ‘ advance ' .
“ This dispute lingered on for some years , but in 2012 Stemra arranged a settlement with BREIN legal parent NVPI for the unpaid royalties , ” Arnoud Engelfriet , a lawyer specializing in Internet law at the ICTRecht law firm , told TorrentFreak .
“ Under the settlement Stemra would receive 60,000 euros . Rietveldt sued because he had calculated he was due at least 164,974 euros . ”
In June , Stemra paid Rietveld another 31,000 euros but this week the Amsterdam District Court ruled that Stemra had indeed been negligent in their handling of the case . They were fined 20,000 euros , ordered to pay Rietveldt 's legal costs , and told to continue efforts to pay all money due to the composer while keeping him fully informed of developments .
The case caused a scandal in the Netherlands last year following discussions Rietveldt had with Buma/Stemra board member Jochem Gerrits about getting the money he was owed .
Rietveldt 's advisor talking business with the Buma board member
In order to help , Gerrits suggested that the composer should sign his track over to High Fashion Music , a label owned by Gerrits himself and one that would take 33 % of Rietveldt 's royalties for its trouble .
“ This prompted TV news organization PowNews ( who had recorded the conversation ) to assert corruption , but Gerrits later claimed he was speaking as director of his record company , and it is standard that a record company gets 1/3rd of the mechanical royalties , ” Arnoud Engelfriet explains .
Although Gerrits resigned his position , he later initiated a defamation lawsuit against PowNews . But the embarrassing ripples caused by the case did n't end there .
“ While traditionally these societies operate as private institutions ( self regulation ) , this affair has prompted the under secretary of state Fred Teeven to announce regulations to forbid the conflict of interest that Gerrits was in . More regulations may also appear , ” Engelfriet concludes .
Lee Evans helped Bradford City reach the League One play-offs during a loan spell in 2015-16
Wolves midfielder Lee Evans has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract , keeping him at Molineux until 2020 .
Evans , 22 , who spent the 2015-16 campaign on loan with League One side Bradford City , has made 59 Wolves appearances since signing his first professional deal in January 2013 .
`` It 's a big weight off my mind , '' said the Wales Under-21 international .
`` We 've been talking about it now for a couple of months . Now I can focus on the rest of the season . ''
Wolves head coach Paul Lambert said : `` He 's very similar to Jack Price and they 've both done brilliantly well since I 've been here .
`` His performances against Stoke and Liverpool in the FA Cup emphasised how much we need that competition in the middle of the pitch . ''
The Lowdown :
Show : Assassination Classroom
Studio ( NA Distrubutor ) /Years aired : Lerche ( Funimation ) / 2015-2016
AniB 's thoughts : This show 's title is ultimately misleading , but not inaccurate . The basic premise of the show- where a class of misfits at an elite junior high school in Japan are tasked with attempting to kill their new teacher- a strange octopus-like creature named Koro-sensei- sounds janky at first and perhaps even heavy handed , and I wo n't lie , I was somewhat skeptical of how the entire production would turn out . As it is , this is a time I 'm very glad to have been wrong , because this is a great show overall .
Derived from Shonen Jump , the famed manga publication , as so many other noted anime are , the show does have some of the usual things you might expect- some nods and brief fanservice , and references to other Jump franchises , from Naruto to Fist of the North Star . However , this show is very savvy about this sort of anime-specific craziness , and has a wonderful way of weaving these potential cliche tropes into its narrative , usually to comedic effect , but sometimes , also into a serious moment or plot line , and as result , it does n't waste time .
Split into two seasons spanning 47 episodes , Assassination Classroom flows thanks to a lack of fillers , interesting , dynamic characters who by the nature of the show 's premise , literally develop as both people and students over the course of the show 's run , while learning quite a bit about themselves…and forging relationships and memories to last a lifetime .
If you can get past the unconventional premise ( which the show does a great job of ) , you 're in for a real treat . Perhaps in a weird way the show resonated strongly with me considering my own circumstances in school ( and recent graduation from college ) , but regardless of that , it 's a blind pick that turned out great .
Animation quality : Modern 2-D anime . It 's really very good looking , and the animation enhances the sort of whimsical , yet dramatic storytelling the show seeks to do . Character modes are on point and varied , to say the least , and mostly , the style is used to good effect . 4.75 points .
Characterization : The shows focuses on the titular “ Assassination Classroom ” - formally known as Class 3-E , a group of junior high students outed as misfits , underachievers , oddballs , and potential “ late bloomers. ” As it is , they need the inspiration of a great teacher to bring out their true potential , and so the mysterious yellow octopus-like creature whom they dub “ Koro-sensei ” is it . While he is blamed for destroying 70 % of Earth 's moon , he also serves another purpose , hence the name of the show : the kids have one year to take him out , or the Earth will be destroyed . Koro-sensei has many fantastic abilities , including regeneration and speed up to Mach-20 , but his greatest is that he 's a fantastic teacher- and cares about every one of his students…which seems greatly at odds with his initial reputation .
Nagisa Shiota serves as the show 's main character and protagonist . Slim built and noted for his long blue hair that collectively gives an androgynous vibe , he serves as the show 's narrator in most episodes while trying to discover his own path . Initially billed as weak , Nagisa shows frightening promise and aptitude as an assassin despite his unassuming size and strength , but does that mean the career of an actual hitman is in his future ? … He 's noted for his kind disposition and willingness to lend a helping hand to his fellow classmates and anyone else who needs it , but possesses unsettling blood-lust in high pressure situations .
Karma Akabane is the top student in Class 3-E after his transferal from suspension there in the 1st term . Noted for his vivid red hair , seemingly slacker attitude and sharp tongue , Karma possesses genius intellect and hand-to-hand combat skills , only matched by his latent sadistic side ( which is usually more impish on most days ) . He initially is blood-lusted to “ kill his new teacher ” ( he had a previous grudge against the one who got him punted down to E-class ) , but like the other students , Koro-sensei finds a way to win him over .
Kaede Kayano is the other “ main character ” student , though uniquely between her , Nagisa , and Karma , she plays much more of background/supporting role through most of the series . While her major involvement in the plot is largely unveiled in the second and final season , it would be a massive spoiler to mention it here…pegged as a kind , cheerful , and even somewhat ditzy person , Kayano is the epitome of “ do n't judge appearances . ”
While there are 28 students in Class 3-E and all of them receive some time in the spotlight , a few play bigger roles than others , and so it would be difficult to talk about every last one of them . I 'll say collectively they are as charming a classroom you 'll ever find in this genre , and for the most part , there 's an organic growth to their relationships as a group and in terms of character development that spans a collective range of emotions unusual to the genre and the sorts of tropes you might expect from a show like Assassination Classroom .
Additionally , other major side characters exist in the show outside of 3-E 's crew , from the rest of the academy they attend , to actual professional assassins , and Defense Corps . people . While each and every one of these characters could have something written about them , in this case , it 's best to discover it for yourself along with the class in the show…and for anyone who 's seen Assassination Classroom , this approach makes plenty of sense . I will commend the show 's ability to juggle a large complex cast rather skillfully as well- all while staying below 50 episodes , which is all very impressive . 4.5/5 points .
Story quality : An overarching plot structure with plenty of specific episodic bits sprinkled in , especially in season 1 , but no filler . Given the unconventionally simply premise of the show , Assassination Classroom possesses a great deal more depth than initially meets the eye ; while its humor might be slightly more geared in mind with seasoned anime fans ( which is to say , it 's still decent for anyone ) , its drama hits all the right points at key moments and the story flow is excellent . 4.25/5 points .
Themes : Incredibly enough , this show 's about growing up , seeking out one 's own potential and the capacity to learn in the school called “ life. ” It 's a quirky twist that in a show that features the idea of assassination in its name and core premise , it 's much more about the value of life and what you take from it , the relationships you make , and the lessons you learn from the trials one endures . 4.25/5 points .
Do n't insult the viewer : Surprisingly tricky to nail down the exact grade here . They do the occasionally cringeworthy thing…and then somehow parlay back into the main narrative seamlessly rather than as a one-off gag , and I 'm not sure I 've seen that before . It 's got a pretty solid dub as well…I 'm not too high on the openings , but they still have a weird quirky charm if you watch them enough . 4.75/5 points .
Total Score : 22.5/25 ( 90 % ) . A surprisingly great show with a unique premise , a fresh take on the tired high school tropes in anime , and a dynamic cast of characters , Assassination Classroom succeeds in hitting both humor and serious drama while being savvy to tropes and references . I must-watch .
Like what you see ? Have you seen this show before ? Leave a comment !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Looking back on the year , I believe that the best victory for progressives was student loan reform , which was passed as part of the reconciliation measure . While not as large in scale as some of the bills passed by this Congress , it still was a substantial measure that ends over $ 60 billion in government waste .
What makes this victory the most important from my perspective is that it is the closest to a truly uncompromised progressive victory that we have seen in the last two years . This was a simple battle of the working class against massive corporate interests where regular Americans finally came out the victors .
On multiple levels , this provision achieved several of what I consider to be some of the most important defining principles of old school progressivism :
Ending massive corporate welfare – It stopped a completely wasteful program that had the government guarantee “ private ” loans . This had allowed several large businesses – including Bank of America , Wells Fargo and Wachovia – to make huge profits at the expense of the public .
– It stopped a completely wasteful program that had the government guarantee “ private ” loans . This had allowed several large businesses – including Bank of America , Wells Fargo and Wachovia – to make huge profits at the expense of the public . Reducing corruption – Eliminating corporate welfare is always a small step toward ending political corruption in Washington . It helps stop the endless cycle of companies needing to spend millions on lobbying to keep their billions in government handouts flowing .
– Eliminating corporate welfare is always a small step toward ending political corruption in Washington . It helps stop the endless cycle of companies needing to spend millions on lobbying to keep their billions in government handouts flowing . Good stewardship of public funds – It took a government task and made it more cost-efficient . Building trust in government 's social safety net requires progressives to make sure that the government is the best possible steward of public funds that it can be .
– It took a government task and made it more cost-efficient . Building trust in government 's social safety net requires progressives to make sure that the government is the best possible steward of public funds that it can be . Sharing prosperity – Much of the money saved by ending this corporate welfare now is going to be re-purposed to fund Pell Grants that help low income students obtain higher education .
– Much of the money saved by ending this corporate welfare now is going to be re-purposed to fund Pell Grants that help low income students obtain higher education . Providing greater opportunity – Progressives should be about more than just providing a safety net to those in trouble , we also should provide ladders to enable individuals to achieve greater success for themselves . There is no better tool than education to do that .
– Progressives should be about more than just providing a safety net to those in trouble , we also should provide ladders to enable individuals to achieve greater success for themselves . There is no better tool than education to do that . Investment in our future – Increasing the general availability of eduction for Americans and providing more people with opportunity to achieve greater success will , in the long run , improve our nation 's future .
A brief history of the problem
The Federal Family Education Loan Program ( FFEL ) was a classic lemon socialism program . It provided a nearly total government guarantee for “ private ” student loans . If the loans did well , the large financial companies got the profit , if they did n't preform , the government socialized the loses . These broken incentives spurred risky behavior from the companies .
President Clinton took a step to reduce this problem by giving students the option to cut out these totally unnecessary and wasteful middlemen to get loans directly from the government through the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan program . Over the years , this “ public option ” proved to be superior and dramatically cheaper for the government .
As if FFEL were n't already a horrible enough corporate welfare program , the market for resale of FFEL loans dried up during the financial meltdown . So , in 2008 Congress passed a multi-billion dollar bailout of the program that made the government the buyer of last resort for these “ private ” loans the government could just as easily have made directly to the students for much less .
Passage of student loan reform
Much to his credit , President Obama saw what a horrible boondoggle this was and pushed reform that would totally eliminate the FFEL and use the savings to increase Pell Grants . He made sure provisions for student loan reform were included in the reconciliation instruction because there was no way to get 60 Senate votes for ending the FFEL .
Despite Obama 's support for the general idea , its passage was not assured because his administration was more concerned about using reconciliation to pass health care reform . This created room for lobbyists to push for “ compromise ” that would cost the government dearly or even completely kill reform this year .
With the focus on health care reform , student loan reform was almost dropped entirely from the reconciliation bill , but thanks in part to public pressure , in the end it was included without any major carve-outs by the bank lobbyists . This was a rare total loss for lobbyists fighting against the public .
While it is unfortunate that Democrats decided to use some of the savings from ending FFEL to pay for changes in the health care law instead of investments in education , the result was still elimination of a horrible corporate welfare program with much of the savings reinvested in smart progressive projects . On an economic front , it was one of the few totally progressive long-term achievements for Democrats in a year otherwise dramatically tainted by massive corporate carve-outs .
I 'm proud of the role FDL played when our “ Students , Not Banks ” campaign helped make sure uncompromised student loan reform was passed this year . I also think President Obama , along with Rep. George Miller ( D-CA ) , deserves a lot of credit for this great achievement . This was a case of Obama actually fighting directly against corrupt corporate “ stakeholders ” instead of trying to compromise with them . Better still , he directly fought against corporate interests to help regular Americans . Looking back at the year , I wish progressives had been given the chance to have more clear fights like this one .
Please support FDL and victories like “ Students , Not Banks ” with a tax-deductible contribution to the FireDogLake Writers Foundation – even $ 25 will go a long way .
Materials Needed :
# 3 DK Weight : Light Worsted Weight Yarn ( Orange , Black and White )
4 mm crochet hook
yarn cutter
yarn needle
Gauge :
4 sts = 1″
Bootie Sole Length :
7-8 cm / 3 inches
Abbreviations :
SC = single crochet
hdc = half double crochet
DC = double crochet TR = treble/triple crochet sl st = slip stitch sts = stitches Pattern
Bootie ( make 2 )
Using Black DK weight yarn , Chain 10
Round 1 : 2 hdc in 3rd chain from hook , hdc in the next 6 ch , 6 hdc in last chain , turn and continue working on the opposite side of your foundation chain , hdc in the next 6 chain , 3 hdc in last chain , sl st at the top of the beginning ch 2 = 24 sts
Change to Orange Yarn
Round 2 : Ch 3 ( counts as dc ) , dc in first st , 2 dc in each of next 2 sts , dc in next 5 sts , 2 dc in each of next 7 sts , dc in next 5 sts , 2 dc in each of next 3 sts ; join with a slip st in top of beginning ch 3 = 36 sts
Change to Black Yarn
Round 3 : Ch 2 ( counts as hdc ) , hdc in back loop of each st around ; sl st in top of beginning ch 2 = 36 sts
Change to Orange Yarn
Round 4 : Ch 2 , hdc in next 9 sts , [ hdc2tog over next 2 sts ] 8 times , hdc in next 10 sts ; sl st in top of beginning ch 2 = 28 sts
Change to Black Yarn
Round 5 : Ch 2 , hdc in next 9 sts , [ dc2tog over next 2 sts ] 4 times , hdc in next 10 sts ; join with a slip st in top of beginning ch 2 = 24 sts
Change to Orange Yarn
Round 6 : Ch 2 , hdc in next 9 sts , [ dc2tog over next 2 sts ] twice , hdc in next 10 sts ; join with a slip st in top of beginning ch 2 = 22 sts .
Fasten off .
Flower ( make 2 )
Use White Yarn
Magic Ring , chain 1 , [ SC , DC , TR , DC , SC ] 5 times , adjust the ring 's yarn end tight to form the flower . Fasten off and leave tail for sewing .
Photo : Deb Lindsey/The Washington Post/Getty Images
In the week since Edgar Welch , armed with an AR-15 , walked into Washington , D.C. , pizza joint Comet Ping Pong and fired off a round in the spirit of “ shin [ ing ] some light ” on disturbing allegations he 'd read involving Hillary Clinton and a supposed child sex-trafficking ring based at the restaurant , two other pizza places in different American cities reported being targeted in similar ways . Roberta 's , in Brooklyn , received phone calls threatening torture and death after a video consisting of collaged “ incriminating ” pictures sourced from Instagram circulated on social media . East Side Pies of Austin , Texas , faced lesser harassment , with some redditors claiming that a co-owner 's alma mater , the Culinary Institute of America , equated a past with the CIA . “ The dots they are trying to connect are so ludicrous , ” the other co-owner told the Austin American-Statesman .
Clearly , there is not a nationwide conspiracy of linked pedophile-run metropolitan pizzerias , as some poorly edited videos and unhinged Reddit posts — themselves largely sourced to some of John Podesta 's emails about food — would have you believe . This revelation in and of itself has led many to label the incident as one involving media bugbear du jour “ fake news ” ; as Welch himself put it to the Times , “ The intel on this was n't 100 percent. ” But it does n't look or feel much like the “ fake news ” that we talk about proliferating on Facebook , the mindless right-wing babble spat out of the Balkans by teenagers , or even the two decades of shrieking information warfare overseen by serial sexual harasser and paranoid monster Roger Ailes . It feels much more like coordinated mob harassment , exemplified by previous incidents like Gamergate .
It 's very hard to argue that “ fake news ” — often grossly misidentified by gullible legacy-news outlets and politicians alike — requires a legislative or judicial remedy , given that the idea of allowing judges , regulators , or elected representatives any further leverage to shape news coverage is fairly stomach-churning . But increasingly , the case for something needing to be done to prevent another Edgar Welch from shooting up another Comet Ping Pong makes itself .
Pizzagate , like so many other examples of conspiracy-driven online mob harassment that result in violent real-life encounters , was not the result of accidental misunderstandings but a willful effort to combine facts — Comet had hosted a Clinton fundraiser and a co-owner had dated David Brock —with rumors — the most salacious , bottom-of-the-barrel InfoWars stuff about the Clintons , involving child sex-trafficking rings — and misrepresented “ evidence , ” in the form of otherwise innocent Instagram pictures now suddenly laced with innuendo . The combination of these things , and the propagation of what , if taken at face value , are genuinely disturbing rumors , are purposeful acts .
A federal statute , Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act , which has been upheld by the Supreme Court , prevents websites from being held responsible for content that they host . That goes as much for now-banned ISIS-linked Twitter users as it does for actual child sex trafficking on Backpage.com , as Kate Knibbs recently reported on at length for the Ringer . Should Comet Ping Pong want to pursue damages , or prosecutors charges , they would need to take action against ( often anonymous ) individual posters , which obviously does nothing to combat the larger issue at hand : the mob harassment that follows the original conspiracy theory . ( Never mind that both would have to prove that the posts themselves “ incited ” Welch 's behavior . ) As such , “ this is a problem that 's not going to be solved , probably , by the law , ” said Danielle Citron , a law professor at the University of Maryland and author of Hate Crimes in Cyberspace .
In a 2009 paper , Citron outlined a “ Cyber Civil Rights ” strategy centered around protecting free speech online — specifically , the speech of those that targeted mobs would otherwise stifle . “ Although online mobs express themselves and their autonomy through their assaults , their actions also implicate their victims ' autonomy and ability to participate in political and social discourse , ” she wrote . “ Self-expression should receive no protection if its sole purpose is to extinguish the self-expression of another. ” Still , as she spells out later in the article , an incident of online abuse must constitute a “ true threat ” to warrant criminal charges or pass the threshold for a tort lawsuit . ( To illustrate how difficult a bar this is to pass , criminal charges against a college student who posted rape , torture , and murder fantasies about a specific classmate of his on a forum were dismissed as not being a “ true threat ” — though there are exceptions . )
That 's not to say there have n't been lawsuits ( though there really are very few criminal cases ; as Fordham University law professor Alice Marwick noted in a primer on online harassment , “ During the course of our research , we were unable to find many published opinions in which perpetrators have faced criminal penalties. ” ) In 2004 , a Missouri appellate court affirmed a lower court 's ruling that forum postings “ on Internet websites catering to homosexuals ” spreading rumors about a high school principal by his wife 's lover were defamatory .
“ We see online , and anyone who did n't grow up in a bubble growing up can see that the answer to bad speech is not always more speech — in fact , more speech can often get you in a much worse situation , ” said Nancy Kim , a professor of law and internet studies at California Western School of Law . Kim wrote , in a 2009 Utah Law Review article , “ Courts should impose tort liability upon Web site sponsors for creating unreasonable business models and hold them accountable for irresponsible and harmful business practices ” — that is , Section 230 should n't protect websites like Reddit from liability if their system is created with inherent biases promoting mob mentality .
However , according to Kim , “ the norms are so different now than they were even seven years ago ” that it 's likely too late for legislators or courts to have a positive impact for the victims of online mob harassment . It will likely have to fall to the companies themselves .
Twitter 's former head of news , Vivian Schiller , told BuzzFeed News in August , “ The people that run Twitter… are not stupid . They understand that this toxicity can kill them , but how do you draw the line ? Where do you draw the line ? I would actually challenge anyone to identify a perfect solution . But it feels to a certain extent that it 's led to paralysis , ” referring to Twitter 's ten-year failure to address its harassment problem . Twitter 's user base has n't grown significantly in years , and the issue prevented a potential purchase by the Walt Disney Company from continuing .
Reddit , whose CEO recently admitted to personally editing pro–Donald Trump posts on r/the_donald , now one of the largest subreddits , has long tolerated and even cooperated with the darkest corners of its user base . In his 2012 exposé of r/creepshot moderator Violentacrez , Adrian Chen reported that , during the height of his power , Violentacrez , who ran subreddits glorifying racism , misogyny , and “ creepshots , ” was considered for a Reddit job posting . “ Violentacrez was a troll , but he was a well-connected troll , ” Chen wrote . But only because Reddit staff allowed him to connect with them . Users who populate r/the_donald have been attacking Reddit staff and other moderators for months at this point , but as it 's one of the most-trafficked pages on the site now , that activity is making money for Reddit .
An important thing to remember is that these online systems are created by people ; they do n't happen in the wild . As such , a choice to not adequately deal with harassment and mob mentality is exactly that : a choice , and one that usually turns out to be damning . If these companies are going to be responsible for even a little bit of the work of preventing their platforms from being used for mob harassment , these past examples of their work in the area are not encouraging .
The GLC itself is a mishmash of Mercedes componentry , specifically the chassis and mechanical bits of the E-Class and the interior and electronics from the C-Class . We find this to be a particularly brilliant way to build a crossover . `` One of the deciding factors for me was the decision to use the E-Class platform and C-Class features , '' Alisa Priddle said in explaining her vote . `` That 's the smart way to engineer a product . ''
Added guest judge Mike Accavitti : `` Overall , this is a great vehicle . You know you 're getting into a Mercedes as soon as you open the door to the GLC . The quality of the materials and the elegance of the design are very consistent with the Mercedes-Benz brand proposition and reputation . ''
The platform itself is Mercedes ' clever Modular Rear Architecture platform , which will eventually underpin 10 models , including the C- and E-Class and an upcoming replacement for the defunct R-Class . The GLC 's 113.1-inch wheelbase nearly splits the difference between the 111.8-inch C-Class and the 115.7-inch E-Class . The length translates primarily into rear-seat space , including extra headroom when compared to a direct competitor such as the Cadillac XT5 .
A bunch of Germans I know joke that the GLC is the cheapest E-Class you can buy . They ai n't joking .
As the GLC does n't have the fancier interior of the E-Class , a bunch of Germans I know like to joke that it is the cheapest E-Class you can buy . Thing is , they ai n't joking . The C-Class interior is the best in its class , and most folks could n't tell it apart from an E-Class anyway . `` This thing is just nice , '' Christian Seabaugh said . `` I hop in and immediately feel relaxed . The seats are sofa soft yet still supportive . All the touch points feel like a million bucks . '' Accavitti : `` It 's very luxurious looking with lots of leather and wood . I love how the infotainment system warns you not to be distracted by it , but then it has all these awesome screens you ca n't help be distracted by . '' Angus MacKenzie summed up the interior well : `` Looks rich and upscale , like a mini S-Class . It sets the benchmark for a small luxury SUV . ''
We like the outside , too . Unlike the odd-duck GLK , which never resembled any other Mercedes-Benz vehicle , the GLC is design boss Gorden Wagener 's great take on Mercedes ' current style . `` I like the way Mercedes ' new design language translates to this SUV , '' Frank Markus said . `` It has a very pleasing shape even if it does n't set the world on fire . '' MacKenzie called the shape `` very conservative , '' though Seabaugh said , `` This is a very handsome trucklet . It looks almost like a Jeep Grand Cherokee from the rear three-quarter view , but it really is unmistakably Mercedes . '' I side with Seabaugh , inasmuch as this is the first time Mercedes ' new language comes together as a unified whole . Look at the car from any angle , and it 's not only clearly a GLC but also obviously a Benz .
The only version of Mercedes ' not-so-small SUV we had an opportunity to review was the GLC300 4Matic . Under its hood snarls the ubiquitous M274 , a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-four that creates 241 horsepower and 273 lb-ft of torque . Power from the M274 is first routed to Mercedes ' nine-speed automatic transmission before being doled out to all four wheels . Despite weighing in at 4,078 pounds , the GLC300 gets to 60 mph in a respectable 6.8 seconds and runs down the quarter mile in 15.3 seconds at 89.7 mph—though we doubt any American customer will ever ask for such thrust . `` This feels very much like a V-6 , '' Chris Walton said of the little engine 's grunt , `` and a good one at that . '' Scott Evans concurred . `` Still hard to believe this is a turbo I-4 , '' he said . `` It 's so quick , and the power is always there . '' If the GLC had a mechanical weak spot , it was the nine-speed transmission . `` The transmission is generally good , '' Evans continued , though he did say he had a few stiff shifts that he called `` out of character . '' MacKenzie noted the transmission could be `` a touch more consistent . ''
This is the first time Mercedes ' new design language comes together as a unified whole .
But these are the occasional rough spots on a normally superlative powertrain . For the most part , we love the way the GLC300 drives . Some—like MacKenzie—were n't completely happy with the ride on the larger optional wheels . Smaller wheels featuring fatter tires would of course smooth things out . Both of our Detroit-based editors groused that this suspension setup would be hell across the mean potholes of Motown . Markus noted that the GLC had `` a much more abrupt ride than the Cadillac XT5 , '' a crossover that has presumably been tuned to deal with the weather-beaten tarmac in Detroit . There was some speculation that perhaps the front suspension got a little tweaked at the proving ground , specifically across the ( unintentionally ) high-speed off-road section . Was the alignment off , as Evans speculated ? Walton noted that the steering wheel was cockeyed . Or , as Mark Rechtin wondered , were we just feeling the pea under the mattress ? `` The ride was jittery and busy , '' he said of driving on the jarring 110 freeway simulators , `` but nothing too horrible . ''
Back to loving how it drives . `` The first thing I notice is how quiet the cabin is , '' Evans said . `` At low speeds there 's virtually no outside noise . '' True , at freeway speeds there 's wind noise , but the car does a great job of keeping road and tire noise out . More important , Evans noted , the GLC300 `` trounces the competition '' in terms of sound levels .
`` The steering is beautifully fluid and nicely weighted , '' Evans continued . `` The GLC is a much smoother and more mature corner carver than the Jaguar F-Pace , which feels darty by comparison . '' Walton said it was `` easy to drive around town—no jumpy throttle mapping and with gentle and predictable brakes . '' Once on Cameron Road , Walton found himself `` driving harder and harder because the GLC just feels so confident , capable , and predictable . '' Ed Loh , who was n't the GLC 's biggest fan at the proving ground , changed his tune in Tehachapi . And MacKenzie said it `` feels like the most nimble chassis here , after the F-Pace . '' This is a big deal because the Jaguar is more sports car than SUV . To my senses , it seemed like a little sportiness had been baked into the Benz 's chassis .
The GLC is n't the sexiest choice for SUV of the Year , but it 's without hesitation the smartest .
All of the above points to a very good , thoroughly thought-out SUV . To understand why we voted the GLC as this year 's best , though , check out what Jason Cammisa has to say : `` This is a sea change for a German luxury brand . It 's the first time an SUV has been as good as or better than the equivalent price-category sedan it 's based upon . Every previous SUV has been based on a sedan but has n't been nearly as well done . The Germans considered SUV buyers to be more price-conscious ( they are ) and more accepting of poor quality ( they are ) —so the trucks were engineered to sell in big numbers . This GLC seems to have been engineered to be a good Mercedes-Benz . ''
That last part might just be the most important . The GLC is a smaller vehicle that feels every bit as well-honed as an E-Class , if not an S-Class . The current W205 C-Class is the first small Mercedes sedan to feel so premium ; the GLC is the first small SUV .
View 60 Photos
`` This is a cleverly targeted product delivering a cost-effective mix of new C-Class and E-Class technology and hardware into a red-hot market segment at a surprisingly affordable price , '' MacKenzie said . Seabaugh likewise struggled to come up with negatives about the little Benz . `` The GLC is just solid , '' he said . `` It aces all six of our criteria without skipping a beat . '' Added Priddle : `` It manages to combine calming elegance and fist-pumping fun . My No . 1 choice . ''
Looking at the GLC 's competitive set will also be helpful in understanding our decision . It 's pitted against the Lexus RX and the Lincoln MKX . I 'm calling these two out specifically because in a comparison test we staged prior to SUV of the Year with all three , the GLC trounced all comers . `` The GLC300 takes the gold medal , '' Walton wrote at the time . `` Keep your eye on this one for next year 's SUV of the Year . '' Talk about foreshadowing .
How does the GLC compete against the other strong-selling German SUVs , the Audi Q5 and BMW X3 ? Solid players for sure , but we can tell from experience that the GLC does it all better . That also applies to the smaller-volume players in the segment , the Jaguar F-Pace , Maserati Levante , Porsche Macan , Acura RDX , Infiniti QX50 , and Volvo XC60 . All are nice premium SUVs—some even do a good job mimicking sports cars—but none is as well-rounded as the Mercedes-Benz GLC . Although not an official criterion , being the best in a given segment greatly helps secure first-place votes .
View 60 Photos
The GLC is n't the sexiest choice for SUV of the Year , but it 's without hesitation the smartest . The design is solid , the interior is first-class , the engineering is as good as small SUVs get , and the value proposition is strong . We have no crash data yet , but the E-Class chassis that the GLC is based upon underpins one of the safest cars on the road . And despite surprising all of us with its power output , displacing just 2.0 liters means that the engine is also scarily efficient .
If one of our ratings categories carries more weight than any other , it would be performance of intended function . Is there another small premium SUV out there that does so many things right ? And one that will satisfy as many of its customers ? Not this year . I 'll give the final word to Cammisa , as his thoughts echo all of ours . `` Mercedes for the win . ''
2017 Motor Trend SUV of the Year Contenders
2017 SUV of the Year Finalists
2016 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 4Matic POWERTRAIN/CHASSIS DRIVETRAIN LAYOUT Front-engine , AWD ENGINE TYPE Turbocharged I-4 , alum block/head VALVETRAIN DOHC , 4 valves/cyl DISPLACEMENT 121.5 cu in/1,991 cc COMPRESSION RATIO 9.8:1 POWER ( SAE NET ) 241 hp @ 5,500 rpm TORQUE ( SAE NET ) 273 lb-ft @ 1,300 rpm REDLINE 6,300 rpm WEIGHT TO POWER 16.9 lb/hp TRANSMISSION 9-speed automatic AXLE/FINAL-DRIVE RATIO 3.27:1/1.96:1 SUSPENSION , FRONT ; REAR Multilink , coil springs , adj shocks , anti-roll bar ; multilink , coil springs , adj shocks , anti-roll bar STEERING RATIO 16.1:1 TURNS LOCK-TO-LOCK 2.2 BRAKES , F ; R 13.5-in vented , drilled disc ; 12.6-in vented disc , ABS WHEELS , F ; R 8.5 x 20-in , cast aluminum TIRES , F ; R 255/45R20 101W Bridgestone Dueler H/P Sport DIMENSIONS WHEELBASE 113.1 in TRACK , F/R 63.8/63.7 in LENGTH x WIDTH x HEIGHT 183.3 x 74.4 x 64.5 in GROUND CLEARANCE 5.9 in APPRCH/DEPART ANGLE 28.0/23.0 deg TURNING CIRCLE 38.7 ft CURB WEIGHT 4,078 lb WEIGHT DIST , F/R 53/47 % TOWING CAPACITY 3,500 lb SEATING CAPACITY 5 HEADROOM , F/R 37.8/38.5 in LEGROOM , F/R 40.8/37.3 in SHOULDER ROOM , F/R 57.3/56.5 in CARGO VOLUME , BEH F/R 56.5/19.4 cu ft TEST DATA ACCELERATION TO MPH 0-30 2.3 sec 0-40 3.5 0-50 5.0 0-60 6.8 0-70 9.1 0-80 12.0 0-90 15.4 0-100 19.7 PASSING , 45-65 MPH 3.7 QUARTER MILE 15.3 sec @ 89.7 mph BRAKING , 60-0 MPH 110 ft LATERAL ACCELERATION 0.83 g ( avg ) MT FIGURE EIGHT 26.9 sec @ 0.65 g ( avg ) TOP-GEAR REVS @ 60 MPH 1,400 rpm CONSUMER INFO BASE PRICE $ 41,875 PRICE AS TESTED $ 60,780 STABILITY/TRACTION CONTROL Yes/Yes AIRBAGS Dual front , f/r side , f/r curtain , driver knee BASIC WARRANTY 4 yrs/50,000 miles POWERTRAIN WARRANTY 4 yrs/50,000 miles ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE 4 yrs/50,000 miles FUEL CAPACITY 19.3 gal REAL MPG , CITY/HWY/COMB 19.6/26.5/22.2 mpg EPA CITY/HWY/COMB ECON 21/28/24 mpg ENERGY CONS , CITY/HWY 160/120 kW-hrs/100 miles CO2 EMISSIONS , COMB 0.82 lb/mile RECOMMENDED FUEL Unleaded premium
Under the chilling headline `` Pence Well-Positioned to Further Expand the Vice Presidency , '' Gallup confirms precisely the thing about which I have been warning . Here is what you need to understand about the man who is poised to become the most powerful veep ever .
That sound you hear is me still ringing the alarm about Vice-President-elect Mike Pence and his outsized influence in the incoming Trump administration .
As I have previously observed , Pence is shaping up to be one of the most powerful seconds-in-command in U.S. history . Today , Gallup notes that his influence is bolstered by Donald Trump 's lack of experience :
As has been true for previous vice presidents , Pence 's background complements that of the president . But this seems particularly important for the incoming administration , given that Trump will be one of the few presidents without any elected political experience ( the last was Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 ) . Pence 's legislative and policy experience may make him the “ quarterback ” on the White House legislative team who has to deal with complex congressional processes . And his experience as a state governor may make him someone Trump relies on to help navigate 10th Amendment issues .
Trump 's comprehensive inexperience leaves a void that Pence will be happy to fill .
Many people have suggested that Pence will eventually try to oust Trump in a bid for power , or that Congressional Republicans will look to impeach Trump to install Pence . This gets Pence completely wrong .
Pence does not operate on ego . To the contrary : He will use the relative obscurity of the vice-presidency to enact the radical agenda which has been the centerpiece of his political career .
No , Pence is not seeking a takeover . He is perfectly content to operate behind the stage of Trump 's theatrics while no one watches him . — Melissa McEwan ( @ Shakestweetz ) December 6 , 2016
Pence will work , as quietly as possible , with the Republican majorities in the House and Senate to pass horrifically regressive legislation . Both he and Congressional Republicans will be blissfully content to operate outside the glaring spectacle of Trump , who will be enormously useful in sucking up all the media attention .
I do not believe that Congress will impeach Trump ; in fact , I think Pence will make sure they do not , for that very reason .
Pence is smart enough to realize that he has more power without scrutiny .
And he is perfectly positioned to simultaneously : Assist Trump with his awful executive agenda ; support Congress in their sinister legislative aims ; and work with the Cabinet ( which he has clearly shaped ) to destroy every federal agency .
Why would he want attention that might undercut his enormous power at the center of this triangle ? Trust this : He does n't .
Which is why I will say once more : Pence would like nothing more than our inattention — and that is precisely why we must keep our eyes on him .
A natural satellite of a minor planet
A minor-planet moon is an astronomical object that orbits a minor planet as its natural satellite . As of February 2019 , there are 352 minor planets known or suspected to have moons . [ 1 ] Discoveries of minor-planet moons ( and binary objects , in general ) are important because the determination of their orbits provides estimates on the mass and density of the primary , allowing insights of their physical properties that is generally not otherwise possible . [ 2 ]
The first modern era mention of the possibility of an asteroid satellite was in connection with an occultation of the bright star Gamma Ceti by the asteroid 6 Hebe in 1977 . The observer , amateur astronomer Paul D. Maley , detected an unmistakable 0.5 second disappearance of this naked eye star from a site near Victoria , Texas . Many hours later , several observations were reported in Mexico attributed to the occultation by 6 Hebe itself . Although not confirmed , this documents the first formally documented case of a suspected companion of an asteroid . [ 3 ]
Terminology [ edit ]
In addition to the terms satellite and moon , the term `` binary '' ( binary minor planet ) is sometimes used for minor planets with moons , and `` triple '' for minor planets with two moons . If one object is much bigger it can be referred to as the primary and its companion as secondary . The term double asteroid is sometimes used for systems in which the asteroid and its moon are roughly the same size , while binary tends to be used independently from the relative sizes of the components . When binary minor planets are similar in size , the Minor Planet Center ( MPC ) refers to them as `` binary companions '' instead of referring to the smaller body as a satellite . [ 4 ] A good example of a true binary is the 90 Antiope system , identified in August 2000 . [ 5 ] Small satellites are often referred to as moonlets . [ 2 ] [ 6 ]
Discovery milestones [ edit ]
Prior to the era of the Hubble Space Telescope and space probes reaching the outer Solar System , attempts to detect satellites around asteroids were limited to optical observations from Earth . For example , in 1978 , stellar occultation observations were claimed as evidence of a satellite for the asteroid 532 Herculina . [ 7 ] However , later more-detailed imaging by the Hubble Telescope did not reveal a satellite , and the current consensus is that Herculina does not have a significant satellite . [ 8 ] There were other similar reports of asteroids having companions ( usually referred to as satellites ) in the following years . Also , a letter in Sky & Telescope magazine [ citation needed ] at this time pointed to apparently simultaneous impact craters on Earth ( for example , the Clearwater Lakes in Quebec ) , suggesting that these craters were caused by pairs of gravitationally bound objects .
In 1993 , the first asteroid moon was confirmed when the Galileo probe discovered the small Dactyl orbiting 243 Ida in the asteroid belt . The second was discovered around 45 Eugenia in 1998 . [ 9 ] In 2001 , 617 Patroclus and its same-sized companion Menoetius became the first known binary asteroids in the Jupiter trojans . [ 10 ] The first trans-Neptunian binary after Pluto–Charon , 1998 WW31 , was optically resolved in 2002 . [ 11 ]
Triple systems [ edit ]
Triple or trinary minor planets , are known since 2005 , when the asteroid 87 Sylvia was discovered to have two satellites , making it the first known triple system . [ 12 ] This was followed by the discovery of a second moon orbiting 45 Eugenia . [ 13 ] Also in 2005 , the dwarf planet Haumea was discovered to have two moons , making it the second trans-Neptunian object after Pluto known to have more than one moon . [ 14 ] Additionally , 216 Kleopatra [ 15 ] and 93 Minerva [ 16 ] were discovered to be trinary asteroids in 2008 and 2009 respectively . Since the first few triple minor planets were discovered , more continue to be discovered at a rate of about one a year . Most recently discovered were two moons orbiting large near-earth asteroid 3122 Florence , bringing the number of known trinary systems in the Solar System up to 14 .
The following table lists all satellites of triple systems ( or higher multiplicities ) chronologically by their discovery date , starting with Charon , discovered in 1978 .
Commonality [ edit ]
The data about the populations of binary objects are still patchy . In addition to the inevitable observational bias ( dependence on the distance from Earth , size , albedo and separation of the components ) the frequency appears to be different among different categories of objects . Among asteroids , an estimated 2 % would have satellites . Among trans-Neptunian objects ( TNO ) , an estimated 11 % are thought to be binary or multiple objects , and the majority of the large TNOs have at least one satellite , including all four IAU-listed dwarf planets .
More than 50 binaries are known in each of the main groupings : near-Earth asteroids , belt asteroids , and trans-Neptunian objects , not including numerous claims based solely on light-curve variation .
Two binaries have been found so far among centaurs with semi-major axes smaller than Neptune . [ 17 ] Both are double ring systems around 2060 Chiron and 10199 Chariklo , discovered in 1994–2011 and 2013 respectively .
Origin [ edit ]
The origin of minor-planet moons is not currently known with certainty , and a variety of theories exist . A widely accepted theory is that minor-planet moons are formed from debris knocked off of the primary by an impact . Other pairings may be formed when a small object is captured by the gravity of a larger one .
Formation by collision is constrained by the angular momentum of the components , i.e . by the masses and their separation . Close binaries fit this model ( e.g . Pluto–Charon ) . Distant binaries however , with components of comparable size , are unlikely to have followed this scenario , unless considerable mass has been lost in the event .
The distances of the components for the known binaries vary from a few hundreds of kilometres ( 243 Ida , 3749 Balam ) to more than 3000 km ( 379 Huenna ) for the asteroids . Among TNOs , the known separations vary from 3,000 to 50,000 km . [ 17 ]
Populations and classes [ edit ]
What is `` typical '' for a binary system tends to depend on its location in the Solar System ( presumably because of different modes of origin and lifetimes of such systems in different populations of minor planets ) . [ 18 ]
Among near-Earth asteroids , satellites tend to orbit at distances of the order of 3–7 primary radii , and have diameters two to several times smaller than the primary . Since these binaries are all inner-planet crossers , it is thought that tidal stresses that occurred when the parent object passed close to a planet may be responsible for the formation of many of them , although collisions are thought to also be a factor in the creation of these satellites .
, satellites tend to orbit at distances of the order of 3–7 primary radii , and have diameters two to several times smaller than the primary . Since these binaries are all inner-planet crossers , it is thought that tidal stresses that occurred when the parent object passed close to a planet may be responsible for the formation of many of them , although collisions are thought to also be a factor in the creation of these satellites . Among main-belt asteroids , the satellites are usually much smaller than the primary ( a notable exception being 90 Antiope ) , and orbit around 10 primary radii away . Many of the binary systems here are members of asteroid families , and a good proportion of satellites are expected to be fragments of a parent body whose disruption after an asteroid collision produced both the primary and satellite .
, the satellites are usually much smaller than the primary ( a notable exception being 90 Antiope ) , and orbit around 10 primary radii away . Many of the binary systems here are members of asteroid families , and a good proportion of satellites are expected to be fragments of a parent body whose disruption after an asteroid collision produced both the primary and satellite . Among trans-Neptunian objects , it is common for the two orbiting components to be of comparable size , and for the semi-major axis of their orbits to be much larger − about 100 to 1000 primary radii . A significant proportion of these binaries are expected to be primordial . Pluto has five known moons . Its largest moon Charon is more than half the size of Pluto itself , and large enough to orbit a point outside Pluto 's surface . In fact , each orbits the common barycenter between them , with Pluto 's orbit entirely enclosed by Charon 's ; thus they form a binary system informally referred to as a double dwarf planet . Pluto 's four other moons , Nix , Hydra , Kerberos , and Styx , are far smaller and orbit the Pluto–Charon system . Haumea has two moons with radii estimated around 155 km ( Hiʻiaka ) and 85 km ( Namaka ) . Makemake has one known moon , S/2015 ( 136472 ) 1 , estimated to be some 160 kilometers ( 100 mi ) in diameter . Eris has one known moon , Dysnomia . Its radius , based on its brightness , is estimated to be roughly between 150 and 350 km . [ 19 ]
, it is common for the two orbiting components to be of comparable size , and for the semi-major axis of their orbits to be much larger − about 100 to 1000 primary radii . A significant proportion of these binaries are expected to be primordial .
List [ edit ]
As of February 2019 , there are 352 minor planets with 370 known companions . [ 1 ] These consist of :
Near-Earth objects [ edit ]
There are 72 known near-Earth asteroids with moons . [ 1 ] Candidate binaries with an unconfirmed status are displayed on a dark background .
to summary
Mars crossers [ edit ]
There are 28 Mars-crossing asteroids with moons . [ 1 ] Candidate binaries with an unconfirmed status are displayed on a dark background .
to summary
Main-belt asteroids [ edit ]
There are 160 asteroids with moons in the asteroid belt . [ 1 ] Candidate binaries with an unconfirmed status are displayed on a dark background .
to summary
The following binaries are double asteroids , with similarly-sized components , and a barycenter outside of the larger object .
In addition , these bodies might be double asteroids , but due to errors in their size and orbit , it is uncertain .
Jupiter trojans [ edit ]
There are 5 Jupiter trojans with a moon . [ 1 ] Candidate binaries with an unconfirmed status are displayed on a dark background .
to summary
Centaurs [ edit ]
There are only 2 centaurs with satellites , both of which are ring systems instead of moons . [ 1 ]
Name Diameter ( km )
( or dimensions ) Name of moon Diameter of moon ( km )
( or dimensions ) Separation ( km ) Orbital period ( hours ) Refs 10199 Chariklo 7002248000000000000♠ 248 ± 18 rings 2013C1R 7000630000000000000♠ 6.3 ± 0.11 7002390600000000000♠ 390.6 ± 3.3 16.65– BIN JPL LoMP [ 22 ] 2013C2R 7000340000000000000♠ 3.4 ± 0.14 7002404800000000000♠ 404.8 ± 3.3 17.56 ? 2060 Chiron 7002233000000000000♠ 233 ± 14 rings ring 1 7000300000000000000♠ 3 7002324000000000000♠ 324 ± 10 33.84 Unconf . JPL LoMP ring 2 7000700000000000000♠ 7
to summary
Trans-Neptunian objects [ edit ]
There are 87 trans-Neptunian objects known to have moons , [ 1 ] with a total of 93 moons discovered . Candidate binaries with an unconfirmed status are displayed on a dark background .
to summary
See also [ edit ]
Lists of astronomical objects
Subsatellite , also known as Moonmoon – A satellite that orbits a natural satellite
Yarkovsky–O'Keefe–Radzievskii–Paddack effect , also known as YORP effect – Second-order variation on the Yarkovsky effect that changes the rotation rate of a small body
( Cassini Imaging Team , SSI , JPL , ESA , NASA ) The possibility of alien life thriving somewhere other than Earth is now stronger than ever before .
Underwater hydrothermal vents — the same kind that may have spawned life on our planet — seem to be lining the ocean floors of Saturn 's tiny , water-rich moon called Enceladus , according to two recently published papers .
This is the most compelling evidence we have so far for the existence of these vents anywhere other than Earth . The latest discovery is a tantalizing hint that the conditions right for life may be present outside of Earth .
While Enceladus is watery , it is no Earth : It is only about 300 miles across . But under a thick , icy shell lies a water ocean habitat that resembles the conditions on an adolescent Earth , between 3.5 and 4 billion years ago .
Back then , Earth was covered in a single , global ocean . Most of the ocean is thought to have been extremely acidic — to0 acidic to create life — except around certain underwater , hydrothermal vents in which pockets of warm , less-acidic water could have formed . These conditions would have been the ideal place for life to arise on Earth , according to NASA scientist Michael Russell .
With this latest announcement , hydrothermal vents with these pockets of warm water are now believed to exist outside of Earth — at the bottom of Enceladus ' oceans .
So how did these researchers find vents under miles of ice ? Using the instruments on board the Cassini spacecraft , the team measured the size and number of silicon-rich particles , called silicates , in Saturn 's second outer-most ring , the E ring . The E ring is made of particles that came from the moon 's plumes and therefore tells scientists something about what is going on underneath the surface .
Once formed , these particles rise to the surface , where they escape to space through plumes off the moon 's south polar region , shown in the arresting image below taken by Cassini :
enceladus More
( Cassini Imaging Team , SSI , JPL , ESA , NASA ) The silicates ' chemical makeup , size , and abundance give an indication of what is forming in the ocean underneath Enceladus ' surface . And the result is incredibly exciting .
To show that these particles could come from hydrothermal vents , the team re-created them in the lab . To their surprise , they discovered that particles of this chemical composition , size , and abundance grow only under a very specific set of conditions . The team reported their findings Wednesday in the journal Nature .
What 's more shocking is that these conditions are remarkably similar to a unique , underwater environment here on Earth , called the Lost City , which some researchers consider the cradle of life .
A miraculous find
lost city More
( NOAA Photo Library on Flickr ) Lost City Expedition 2005 . One of four pinnacles that form the summit of the 200-foot tall carbonate chimney called Poseidon in the Lost City hydrothermal field . The Lost City is a field of hydrothermal vents that was first discovered in the mid-Atlantic ocean in the year 2000 . Unlike other hydrothermal vents on Earth , this unique environment has basic , non-acidic waters that clock in at comfortable temperatures between 100 and 200 degrees Fahrenheit . Other vents can reach up to a scorching 860 degrees Fahrenheit .
Moreover , the life that thrives in the Lost City is mostly simple microorganisms — nothing like the larger , more complex life-forms hanging around other vents on Earth 's ocean floor . Some scientists think these super-simple life-forms could be close-descendants of the first single-celled life on Earth .
The federal horserace has turned into a remarkable three-way tie , driven by a surge in support for the New Democrats . Just three points now separate the NDP , the Conservatives and the Liberals , an echo of the results we saw about two years ago , when all three parties were within five points of each other .
Based on these results , poll guru Paul Barber — author of the TC Norris blog — estimates the Conservatives would earn a slim minority of 125 seats , with the New Democrats retaining Official Opposition status with 117 . The Liberals would again be in third place with 94 .
The story here appears to be one of NDP success , rather than one of a decline in their rivals ' fortunes . The NDP has jumped five percentage points over the last week , while the Conservatives and Liberals are both down just slightly from their rolling average over the past few weeks .
There are clear echoes here of last week 's shocking upset in the Alberta election , but it would be a mistake to see the NDP 's rise as merely a bounce effect from Alberta . In fact , the past four months have shown a clear pattern of growing support for the New Democrats , lifting them up from 18 points in early February to 29 points today .
Two trends appear to be driving NDP success . The first is the party 's dramatic capture of the university-educated vote , which was critical to the Alberta NDP 's historic victory last week . It 's not clear if this is a ‘ strategic ' response from the promiscuous progressive segment of the electorate ( people who are more focused on defeating Stephen Harper than they are on electing any particular party ) or just the result of rising resentment of the Harper government 's perceived anti-intellectualism .
The second factor is the NDP taking a decisive lead in what was a logjammed Quebec race . The NDP is also newly competitive in Ontario , which is now a three-way race .
Stephen Harper 's approval rating was already in last place when this poll was in the field ; it has dropped again , and sharply , along with the directional approval rating of his government , which has reached a new low for this year . Coupled with extremely poor directional measures on both the country and federal government , one could argue that Mr. Harper may be poised for further decline . The prime minister now finds himself in a cluttered three-way tie , stuck ten points below his majority achievement in 2011 — a trend that took hold even as Mr. Harper and the Conservatives dominated the pre-campaign communication race .
Justin Trudeau 's approval numbers remain high and comparable to those of Mulcair — which suggests that the Liberal party 's stagnation is due to other factors . Whatever is holding the Liberals back , it does n't appear to be a personal rejection of Mr. Trudeau , who has seen a modest rise in his approval rating over the past few polls .
As for Tom Mulcair , his approval is actually down very slightly from last month . That suggests the NDP is being lifted up factors beyond Mr. Mulcair himself .
The critical question is whether these shifts represent a new normal or just ephemeral byproduct of the Alberta election . We believe that voters are becoming engaged in the pre-campaign now ; their support is in motion and things are going to get even more interesting from here on out .
Frank Graves is founder and president of EKOS Polling .
Methodology :
This study was conducted using High Definition Interactive Voice Response ( HD-IVR™ ) technology , which allows respondents to enter their preferences by punching the keypad on their phone , rather than telling them to an operator . In an effort to reduce the coverage bias of landline only RDD , we created a dual landline/cell phone RDD sampling frame for this research . As a result , we are able to reach those with a landline and cell phone , as well as cell phone only households and landline only households .
The field dates for this survey are May 6-12 , 2015 . In total , a random sample of 2,177 Canadian adults aged 18 and over responded to the survey . The margin of error associated with the total sample is +/-2.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Please note that the margin of error increases when the results are sub-divided ( i.e. , error margins for sub-groups such as region , sex , age , education ) . All the data have been statistically weighted by age , gender , region , and educational attainment to ensure the sample 's composition reflects that of the actual population of Canada according to Census data .
In a viral tale of Google reviews and Facebook posts and a vegan restaurant all gone horribly wrong , a diner left a 2-star review because she did n't like having a toddler `` bend over to show me it 's butthole [ sic ] '' during the meal .
It only goes downhill from there .
On the real , I eat here all the time . I still probably will bc I like to go out and there are few options available to me BUT y'all listen . During my visit , a bare butt naked baby was running around , stood up on a table with its black they 're so dirty feet , and bent over to show me it 's butthole . I wish I was exaggerating . This is like while I 'm eating , and it 's the owners kids ? An older kid came over and started like yodeling and staring at me during my meal . I was SO uncomfortable . Like I get it 's a family establishment and kids do weird things but naked baby was running around for like 15 minutes while all the workers started are just standing to the side talking and laughing over it . And for my food , I can heat up a tofurky sausage just as well and in under half the time .
And the restaurateurs did not take kindly to this butthole-shaming . Not . At . All .
The Imagine Vegan Cafe in Memphis has apparently deleted all their Facebook responses to the Google review ( in fact , their entire Facebook page is deleted right now ) , but the screenshots are all over the place—Reddit , local news , Wonkette ... the internet is a beautiful place for memories .
In a series of Facebook responses , the Imagine Vegan Cafe lashed out at haters/liars , embraced their supporters , and generally got hotter than a well-done tofurky sausage .
Via Wonkette :
A majority of NSW voters say the controversial `` lockout '' laws in Sydney 's centre should be extended across the state and three-quarters of young people support existing laws , an exclusive Fairfax poll has found .
Nearly 60 per cent of NSW voters support extending the 1.30am `` lockout '' and 3am last drinks in force across Kings Cross and parts of the CBD to the rest of the state , according to a Fairfax-commissioned ReachTEL poll of 1600 voters .
The findings come as the state government prepares to receive a review of the 2014 laws , which have this year continued to draw protests of up to 10,000 people and criticism they have neutered Sydney 's night life . Most voters , and especially younger voters , say core elements , including a 1.30am lockout , should be retained .
Only one-quarter of voters are opposed to extending the lockouts statewide ; the balance are undecided .
LOUIS BURKE | Corporate | CONTACT
Aspiring worker and future jet ski owner , Simon Richardson ( 21 ) reckons he 's had enough of people attributing their lack of success to factors beyond their control .
“ It 's the 21st Century . Sexism is over , racism is over , it 's time people started realising maybe it 's just the fact they 're not trying hard enough . ”
Richardson , the son of a wealthy Double Bay property developer , Simon Richardson Senior , says his dad is one of the last classic examples of an Aussie battler , who used his life savings of $ 10,000 to buy four properties in the ‘ 70s .
“ And before you ask , no they were n't all in nice locations . One of them I was west of the fish markets ”
According to Richardson Junior a young , white , wealthy and objectively attractive ( until he starts speaking ) young man , the family you are born into counts for less than ever these days .
“ It 's the choices we make , that simple . If your family is holding you back , ditch them . But like , mine was n't so I did n't . That 's my choice . ”
Furthermore , Richardson believes that in our ‘ fair-go-for-all ' society , we should be ending concessions for those at a disadvantage such as Universities offering Indigenous and LGBTI scholarships .
“ It 's unfair not just to me , but to the other white guys who made up about 70 % of my class each time tried Uni . Where 's my scholarship ? I mean I do n't have HECS anyway because dad paid for it but still . ”
“ When you bring race and gender into it you distract from the real issues . Why are n't any of these people doing things about homelessness ? I 'd do it myself but there are like none in my area . ”
Largely , Richardson credits his worldly experiences such as travelling to Bali as being responsible for his new perspectives .
“ You go there , and people are poor as shit but they 're giving it a go . And they 're happy while doing it . This one guy sold me grog that had methylated spirits in it for sure . Where 's that entrepreneurial spirit over here ? ”
Determined to be self-made , Richardson is ready to start his own ventures to prove his point . Currently , Richardson says he has four business ideas on the go and is refusing to take a single cent of funding from his father .
“ Yeah he did n't really offer anyway but I do n't need it . Got a mate designing the logo for my app , just got ta figure out the rest . Two startup ideas I 'm going to start a PowerPoint on and another app I wan na call ‘ You BetChat ' which is a betting app where you can like talk to your friends on it , sort of point of difference . ”
“ And mate , if I fail it will have nothing to do with my race and gender , that 's that . ”
Russian authorities have identified the suicide bombers responsible for two attacks that killed 34 people in the city of Volgograd last month .
Police said on Thursday they have also and arrested two suspected accomplices in the violence-plagued Dagestan province .
The National Anti-Terrorism Committee identified the bombers as Asker Samedov and Suleiman Magomedov , called them members of the `` Buinaksk terrorist group '' , and said it had known their names for some time .
Two brothers , suspected of helping send the bombers to Volgograd , were also detained in Dagestan on Wednesday , the committee said . It identified them as Magomednabi and Tagir Batirov and said the investigation was continuing .
A bombing at the railway station in Volgograd on December 29 was followed a day later by a blast that ripped apart a trolleybus in the city 700km northeast of Sochi , where the Winter Olympics start next week .
Russia is mounting a massive security operation for the Olympics , deploying more than 50,000 police and soldiers amid threats from Islamic fighters .
A group from Russia 's North Caucasus threatened last week to attack the Sochi Winter Olympics in a video published online .
The video featured what it said were the Volgograd bombers donning explosive belts and warning President Vladimir Putin to expect a `` present '' at the Olympics .
In November 2014 I wrote about the attack OPEC started on the American oil industry . Saudi Arabia said they wanted to put the American frackers out of business . Then-President Barack Obama did nothing . He was opposed to the oil industry and was more in favor of non-carbon based sources of energy . OPEC bet their countries ' economies on this attack and started production increases to lower the price of oil . By February 2016 West Texas Crude was selling for about $ 25 a barrel . In December of 2015 , President Obama , in order to get an Omnibus spending bill , agreed to eliminate the export ban of oil and natural gas .
We had prohibited the export of crude oil since the Carter administration because of the embargos OPEC brought against the United States . These embargoes were driven by Iran . At the end of 2016 , after only 12 months out from under the export restriction , we were exporting about 5.2 million barrels a day , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
Baker Hughes produces a report on the number of drilling rigs operating on a global basis . At the end of June 2017 , here are their numbers : U.S. rigs 940 , up 509 from 12 months ago ; Canada 189 , up 113 from a year ago . Now as we look at the rest of the world , including all the OPEC nations and Russia , as of June 2017 , there were 957 wells , or a total increase of just two net drilling wells from the year before .
 Oil prices fall on oversupply  North Korean Conflict : By the Numbers
'Food Shaming ' Outlawed in Schools
Tip Required for Uber Drivers ?
Oil prices fall on oversupply
‘ James Bond ' Star Dies at 89
Media Compare Trump to Hitler
Trump Responds to ISIS Aggression
A Glass of Milk a Day ?
Ariana Grande Suicide Attack : The Latest
Media Strain to Slam Trump 's Trip
Paris Women Protest 'No-Go Zones '
Professor : White Men , Quit Your Jobs
The End of Bonnie and Clyde
Melania Shines on First Foreign Trip
Graduates Walk Out on Pence
Celine Dion Celebrates ‘ Titanic '
POTUS Stresses Solidarity with Israel
Pope Eyes New Cardinals
In Baby 's First Year , Forget This
Biden : Clinton Was n't a Good Candidate
Fallon Caves to Anti-Trump Left
ISIS Video Features American Militant
‘ Great Migration ' Departs for Oregon
Conversion Therapy Is Banned
Sologamy : Self-Marriage Is for Real
‘ Adulting ' School Takes Off
First Academy Awards Ceremony
President Trump Honors Fallen Officers
Trump 's Renewed Focus on Faith
Low-Cost EpiPen Alternative in Ohio
‘ WannaCry ' Cyberattack : What to Know
GOP Worse Than ISIS , Says Professor
FLOTUS Expands White House Tour
The Left Goes After Miss USA
Christians Are Called 'Spiritually Privileged '
Benedict XVI Celebrates 90th with Beer
‘ Facebook Killer ' Pronounced Dead
ISIS and al-Qaida to Align ?
Remains Found of ‘ Lost ' Archbishops of Canterbury
SCOTUS Denies Arkansas Execution Requests
North Korean Conflict : By the Numbers
'Food Shaming ' Outlawed in Schools
Tip Required for Uber Drivers ?
Oil prices fall on oversupply
‘ James Bond ' Star Dies at 89
Media Compare Trump to Hitler  To view this page ensure that Adobe Flash Player version 10.2.0 or greater is installed . Oil prices fall on oversupply Oil prices fell after data showed U.S. production rose last week just as OPEC exports hit a 2017 high . Fred Katayama reports . Reuters        http : //studio.ndnmediaservices.com/lifezette ? ndn.trackingGroup=92353 & ndn.siteSection=polizette & ndn.videoId=32660691  BACK Embed < iframe width= '' 590 '' height= '' 332 '' src= '' http : //launch.newsinc.com/ ? type=VideoPlayer/Single & widgetId=1 & trackingGroup=69016 & playlistId=19132 & siteSection=polizette & videoId=32660691 '' frameborder= '' no '' scrolling= '' no '' noresize marginwidth= '' 0 '' marginheight= '' 0 '' allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen > < /iframe > Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
The American oil industry is booming again . In fact , one can see from the numbers above that America only needs 17 new wells to equal the total number of internationally producing oil wells . I fully expect America to have the greatest number of producing wells in the world by the end of this year . Secretary of Energy Rick Perry recently reported that the President wants America to be the dominant source of energy in the world .
It is absolutely in America 's best interest to become energy independent , because in doing so we will no longer be at the mercy of energy cartels that would dictate to us what we can and ca n't do . When Donald Trump was running for both the nomination and later the presidency , he made his now world famous quote , “ I want to make America great again . ”
Early on I knew that bringing jobs back to America would n't be enough to produce greatness . What America needed was a big idea , something like Kennedy 's concept of putting an American on the moon . With a new goal for America , we could put millions of people back to work , build personal wealth , increase tax revenue even with lower income tax rates , and help reduce the size of government . To do this , Mr. Trump 's idea is to make America the largest source of energy in the world .
In order to do this , Secretary of Energy Perry said , “ We need to explore all sources of energy including nuclear . We are committed to developing all of our energy resources. ” Mr. Perry noted that by doing this , it will be good for America and good for the world , and we can still have a clean environment . ( go to page 2 to continue reading )
Discover How Easy It Is To Cook Delicious And Healthy Vegan Recipes At Home !
By Reading This Book You Will Learn The Proper Way of Cooking And Eating Vegan Food in Very Simple Way
This Vegan Cooking Recipes binder Can Be Used by any Beginner , As Well As Those Well Informed About Vegan Gastronomy
Today Only , Get this Vegan Cooking journal for just $ 2.99 . Click the `` Buy '' button and Start Cooking Delicious Food at Home
If You Do n't Have Kindled You Can Still Read This Book On Your Web Browser using Amazon Free Cloud Reader .
This vegan magazine is based on the proven steps and strategies on how to prepare and enjoy delicious Vegan dishes right in the comforts of your own home which is difficult to have in other books . This book will help you cook easy and quick Vegan dishes . It also discusses the proper way of serving the dishes in a traditional Vegetarian way .
People go to restaurants to have the taste of vegan recipes but you can save your money while having the same taste at your home through this notebook . The recipes included in this book are very easy to follow and cheap and you will have a great time with your family and friends .
A perfect Christmas gift for vegans in such a low price .
You 'll Find The Following Main Benefits in This Vegan Recipes Cookbook .
= > Each recipe in this cookbook is healthy , tasty and easy to prepare .
= > Step-by-step directions for preparing each of the recipes that makes the process of cooking much easier and quicker .
= > Ingredient for every recipe is clearly written and measurements are given in very simple and easy to understand manner .
= > The navigation between the recipes has been made super easy .
= > The cookbook comes with Linked table of contents which made jumping to your preferred and desirable recipe very easy by just clicking on the recipe .
For a full list of what you can see inside , scroll up and click on the look inside feature and check out the Table of Contents !
Do n't Lose Your Chance and Join Thousands of Readers Today Before the Price Becomes Higher !
Take Action Right Away To Cook Delicious Vegetarian Food From The Comfort of Your Home .
Download Your Copy Today because the price is going to increase soon !
An Apple patent application published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Thursday describes a system that may one day replace the infrared proximity sensors deployed in current iPhones with sonar-like technology .
Source : USPTO
This effect may be noticed when sound is reflected by soft material as opposed to a hard surface . Generally , sound reflected off the soft surface will seem muted when compared to the same sound reflected off a hard surface located at the same distance and angle from an audio transducer and a sound source .
To relate this to a common phenomenon , when a seashell is held up to one 's ear a resonant cavity is formed that amplifies ambient sounds . This hi-Q filtering results in the ocean like sounds one hears .
Microphones located at two ends of an iPhone .
Illustration of peak frequency compared to ambient noise signals produced by mics .
Apple 's invention for `` Passive proximity detection `` negates the need for the current IR sensor , replacing it with a system that can detect and process sound waves to determine how far away an object is from a portable device.Much like passive echolocation or a loose interpretation of passive sonar , the filing describes a system that takes two sound wave samples , a `` before '' and an `` after , '' and compares the two to determine if an external object 's proximity to the device changed . `` Sampling '' occurs when a transducer , such as a microphone , picks up ambient sound and sends a corresponding signal to the device 's processor for analysis.The invention relies on basic acoustic principles as applied to modern electronics . For example , a microphone 's signal equalization curve from an audio source changes when the device moves towards or away from an object , which `` variably reflect [ s ] elements of the sound wave . `` In one of the invention 's embodiments , two microphones are situated at different planes on a device , and detect the subtle changes in broad-audio-spectrum caused by interference when a sound wave interacts with an object.In another example , response signals produced by two microphones located at either end of a device can be compared to determine if an object is nearer to one or the other . For example , when a user 's face is close to the top of a device , as is usual when talking on the phone , the microphone located near the ear will produce a different reactance ratio than the microphone located at the device 's base.Basically , the signals from two transducers , or microphones , detect slight changes in ambient sound and sends corresponding signals to a processor which then compares the two to determine whether an object is in close proximity to either of the mics.Monitoring of the microphones can be live or set to take samples at predetermined intervals , such as after a user begins to speak . Placement of the microphones can also be tweaked , and in some cases can be located next to each other.Finally , a more active detection method is proposed , where an internal speaker generates noise , taking the place of ambient sound waves.As portable electronic devices become increasingly smaller , the need to develop space-saving components , or to combine parts to serve a number of uses , becomes more pressing . Such is the case with Apple 's latest iPhone 5 , a device that packs 4G LTE , Wi-Fi and Bluetooth communications , a battery that can last for days , a 4-inch Retina display , two cameras , and a litany of other features into a chassis only 7.6 mm deep.Space is already at a premium with the iPhone , as evidenced by the new Lightning connector , which Apple 's Worldwide Marketing chief Phil Schiller said was needed to create such a thin device . Moving forward , the company is rumored to incorporate near field communications ( NFC ) for e-wallet payments , which will take up even more precious room.It remains to be seen if Apple will one day employ the passive proximity detection technology in a consumer device , however the iPhone is a platform ripe for deployment as it already boasts three mics for noise canceling and call quality purposes .
Because they are boring people . They have no imagination on their own and they must release the sperm that is backed up in their scrotum . Backed up sperm causes high tension , lazyness and arguments . Watching porn gets them in a mode to release this tension . Having a nice healthy girlfriend that they can have routine sex with helps a lot . BUT .. since they are boring as hell and does not know how to turn on their girl , and she is not interested ( for the most part ) in the sad sack who needs to do this ; fantasize . Then .. he really thinks that this is going to turn her on and want to do it with his tired * * * . NOT .. fellas it is up to YOU and not some video to get her turned on . Notice the men in the videos ? They are not turning these women on ! ! These women are already SKANKS ! ! They are getting paid to do this .
Meanwhile , be nice to him and wear something sexy and be a freak in the bed sometimes . He will always look forward to coming back to you for what he Needs and WANT . Good luck .
Source ( s ) : I just know these things ohjustforgetit · 9 years ago 3 Thumbs up 3 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Unprecedented amounts of money are flooding into politics , and polls show a vast majority of Americans believe corruption is becoming more pervasive than ever . But those trends do not mean law enforcement is stepping up its efforts to root out corruption — in fact , government data suggest the opposite is happening .
According to a new report from Syracuse University researchers , federal corruption prosecutions have hit a two-decade low . In all , such prosecutions have dropped by more than 38 percent since 1995 .
Much of that decline has happened under President Barack Obama : In just the last five years , the number of federal corruption prosecutions have dropped by more than 30 percent . A few years after scandals over congressional earmarks and then stimulus spending , prosecutions for “ theft or bribery in programs receiving federal funds ” saw the largest decrease — plummeting by 80 percent since 2010 .
Over the last few months , Syracuse researchers have issued reports documenting similar declines in law enforcement trends across myriad jurisdictions during the Obama era . Those reports include :
Justice Department data showing a 20 percent decline in corporate prosecutions since Obama was elected . That same data showed the decline in Justice Department prosecutions occurred even as there was a 15 percent increase in the number of cases referred to prosecutors for action . The Justice Department has also given an increasing number of so-called “ deferred prosecution agreements ” to corporations .
IRS data showing a significant decline in IRS audits of large corporations in the last five years .
Federal data showing that prosecution of white-collar crime has hit a 20-year low . That was driven by a 29 percent decrease in such prosecutions in just the last five years .
Federal data showing a 51 percent decline in federal weapons convictions over the last 20 years — including a 15 percent decline in such convictions in the last five years .
During the 2016 presidential campaign , both of Obama 's fellow Democrats , Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders , have pledged that if elected , they will step up law enforcement scrutiny of the financial sector .
This post is not likely of interest to regular readers of my blog ( “ Hi Mom ” ) ; I 'm putting it here mostly for the search engines .
A Nikon D200 dSLR has two color-space settings : sRGB and Adobe RGB . People often ask which should be selected when shooting in raw mode , with the oft-provided answer that “ it does n't matter ” because raw data has its own camera-specific raw-sensor-data color space , and sRGB vs. AdobeRGB comes in to play only when converting the raw sensor data to a different image format ( e.g . JPEG ) .
Indeed , the color-space setting does n't matter for the main picture , which is what people are generally asking about , so “ it does n't matter ” is a good first approximation of the answer .
However , even when shooting raw , there are effects to the resulting NEF file from the on-camera color-space setting , so I thought I 'd document them here for completeness :
The MakerNotes : ColorSpace metadata reflects the setting ( “ sRGB ” vs. “ Adobe RGB ” ) .
The setting determines the color space for two JPEG images embedded within the NEF . The embedded JPEG images have no metadata of their own , so the only indication of their color space is the NEF 's MakerNotes : ColorSpace metadata .
The setting determines the name of the NEF file : with sRGB , it 's of the pattern “ DSC_0001.NEF ” , and with Adobe RGB , it 's of the pattern “ _DSC0001.NEF ” ( see D200 manual , English version , page 29 ) .
Perhaps surprisingly , a NEF ( at least a D200-produced NEF ) contains two embedded JPEG images :
A small ( 570 × 375 ) “ preview image ”
A full-frame ( 3,872 × 2,592 ) “ JPEG from raw ” image , which is identical to the image inside a Large-size Basic-quality JPEG produced with the camera 's JPEG Compression set to “ Size Priority ” ( manual page 30 ) .
Together , the two embedded JPGs add about 9-10 % to the size of a compressed NEF .
It 's interesting to note that if you shoot both raw and JPEG at the same time , you end up with six versions of the same picture , in two files :
Raw full-frame sensor data in .NEF file Small ( 570 × 375 ) “ preview image ” JPEG embedded in the .NEF file Full-frame basic-quality size-priority-compression “ JPEG from raw ” embedded in the .NEF file Main JPEG image in the .JPG file whose size depends on the Image Size setting ( manual page 32 ) Tiny ( 120 × 160 ) JPEG thumbnail embedded in the .JPG file Small ( 570 × 375 ) “ preview image ” embedded in the .JPG file
Images 3 and 4 are identical if the camera is set to produce Large Basic-quality size-priority JPEGs . The resulting .JPG file has a lot of metadata that the embedded “ JPEG from raw ” does n't have , of course .
If you have Phil Harvey 's most excellent ExifTool ( now available in a Windows stand-alone executable ) , you can easily extract these embedded images :
exiftool -b -PreviewImage file.NEF > file-Preview.jpg exiftool -b -JpgFromRaw file.NEF > file-FromRaw.jpg exiftool -b -PreviewImage file.JPG > file-Preview.jpg exiftool -b -ThumbnailImage file.JPG > file-Thumb.jpg
Again , be warned that none of these extracted images have any metadata , including an indication of their color space .
02 July 2016 , 00:18
Akhmed Chataev was not interested in the organization of the terror act at the airport in Istanbul , since Turkey is home to many ethnic Chechens . This opinion was voiced by members of the Chechen Diaspora in the Georgia 's Pankisi Gorge . After his release from the Georgian prison , Akhmed Chataev went to Turkey and did not come back to Georgia . This was reported by his former advocate .
The `` Caucasian Knot '' correspondent was told by Umar Idigov , the leader of the `` Foundation for Integration of the Caucasian Peoples '' , a resident of the Pankisi Gorge , that Akhmed Chataev `` had no reason to spoil relations with Turkey . ''
Akhmed Chataev lost his right arm during the war in Chechnya , and thus he was well-known as `` One-Armed Akhmed '' . After his detention in the Lopota Gorge in August 2012 , he got his left foot amputated in Gori .
In August 2015 , it was reported that in Istanbul , the police try to detain the leader of a unit of the `` Islamic State '' ( IS ) ( banned in Russia ) , well-known under the nickname of `` One-Legged Akhmed '' .
In January , an official from the Russian National Antiterrorist Committee ( NAC ) has reported that one of the IS units was plotting terror acts on the territory of the country and that the battalion `` is led Akhmed Chataev aka 'One-Armed ' . ''
Natives of Northern Caucasus , especially of Chechnya , have become associated with the Islamic radicalization and terrorism , and thus , in Europe , they are accused of terrorism without distinction . This was stated by Sasha Kulaeva , the head of the Eastern Europe and Central Asia Department of the International Federation for Human Rights ( FIDH ) .
Full text of the article is available on the Russian page of 24/7 Internet agency ‘ Caucasian Knot ' .
The University of California , Berkeley has reinvited Ann Coulter to give a speech on campus after uninviting her Wednesday over “ security threats . ”
The conservative author is now slated to speak on May 2 , after her original April 27 speech was pulled .
“ As the home of the Free Speech Movement , we fully support the right and ability of our students to host speakers of their choice , ” said Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks at a press conference Thursday , as reported by The Daily Californian . “ We believe that exposing students to a diverse array of perspectives is an inherent and inseparable part of our educational mission . ”
The administration had canceled Coulter 's talk due to “ security threats . ”
Dirks announced that the location of the speech will be posted after the university confirms the event with BridgeUSA and the Berkeley College Republicans , the student organizations that had originally coordinated to host Coulter .
The College Republicans are still set on the April 27 talk , while BridgeUSA is considering Berkeley 's proposed May 2 date in light of Coulter 's security needs and sponsorship from the Young America 's Foundation .
“ We 're still moving forward with Coulter coming on April 27 , no matter how many times the campus whines about it , ” said Naweed Tahmas , a spokesperson for the Berkeley College Republicans chapter .
Berkeley , Calif. , has been the site of recent clashes between antifascists and Trump supporters . Antifascists rioted and canceled Milo Yiannopoulos 's speech in February and the progressive group battled Trump supporters in the city 's streets this past Saturday .
Follow Rob Shimshock on Twitter
Connect with Rob Shimshock on Facebook
Send tips to rob @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Stating that their influences are simply Pentagram and Johnny Winter , Brutus is from Oslo , Norway , but feature three Swedes amongst their ranks . Back in Iron Fist # 16 , as part of our special report on modern bands with that oh-so-vintage sound , guitarist Johan Forsberg told us how he and Krille Hellqvist talked about starting a band in that vein and found Kim Molander , Knut-Ole Mathisen and Jokke Stenby in 2006 to make it a reality .
“ We started to jam and drink some beers every Saturday for a while , ” he explains . “ Good times and the songs kept coming . We released two full-length albums and right now we 're mixing the third . ”
That was then , and this is now as that third album ‘ Wandering Blind ' is ready and being streamed right here at Iron Fist .
Talking of their influences beyond Messrs Leibling and Winter , Johan tells us that “ bands like Jerusalem , Bang and of course , Sabbath was in the early stage of Brutus , but we 've got our own style of more bluesy heavy rock now . We all listen to Grand Funk , Deep Purple that I think coloured our songs too . A lot of blues bands too , I listen maybe more to the Peter Green Fleetwood Mac , Bluesbreakers , ZZ Top and Free than bands like Black Sabbath . ”
Recorded live in just four days at Engfelt & Forsgren Studios in Oslo by producer Christian Engfelt , ‘ Wandering Blind ' is honest and as down-to-earth as it gets . Johan says ; “ that recording was done like our first album but this time , we nailed it even better ! We 've known Christian for many years and knew he shared our taste for the '60/'70s music and also was the right guy as far as how to record that sound and feel . He 's got a new fantastic studio and we did the whole thing quickly through an old tape machine and old pre amps . This is the first time we used someone that we could work with as a producer but we welcomed his ideas and thoughts in the process and it worked out perfect . ”
You 're telling us ! ! !
‘ Wandering Blind ' is out this Friday , May 20 , via Svart Records
Salvation Army director 'stole $ 2million of toys , strollers and food donated to the charity to sell for profit '
David Rennie , 51 , hid the donations at warehouses around Toronto
Police say other arrests were expected in ongoing investigation
Despicable : Ex-Salvation Army director David Rennie , 51 , has been charged in the theft of $ 2million of donated gifts
A Salvation Army director has been charged today over the massive theft of thousands of toys and donations from his own charity 's warehouse .
David Rennie , 51 , is charged with theft , possession of stolen goods and breach of trust .
He was released on bail and will appear in court on January 4 .
The Salvation Army announced the theft last week , saying up to 100,000 items worth
$ 2 million were stolen from their facility in Toronto 's North End over the course of two years .
It is believed Rennie was planning to sell the massive haul of stolen items .
Police found 146 wooden platforms stacked with toys , baby cribs , strollers and other items in another warehouse northwest of Toronto and at a separate cold storage facility .
There was also crates of food and several bicycles among the items .
Salvation Army spokesman John Murray said Rennie was fired when his involvement in the thefts came to light .
Rennie had been suspended in September after an internal investigation revealed how much had gone missing .
Mr Murray added that the charity will work to ensure it never happens again and thanked the police for their swift response to the crime .
Police chief Tony Riviere said on Monday that he expects there to be further arrests in the crime which he called 'atrocious ' to the Toronto Sun .
The police chief said they would work to ensure the stolen items reached those in need in time for Christmas .
Dismay : Major John Murray of the Salvation Army attends a news conference in Toronto where he said he would make sure this crime never happened again
( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Sunday that he discussed forming a cybersecurity unit to guard against election hacking with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Tweeting after his first meeting with Putin on Friday , Trump said now was the time to work constructively with Moscow , pointing to a ceasefire deal in southwest Syria that came into effect on Sunday .
“ Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cybersecurity unit so that election hacking , & many other negative things , will be guarded and safe , ” he said following their talks at the G20 summit in Hamburg , Germany .
Trump said he had raised allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election with Putin .
“ I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election . He vehemently denied it . I 've already given my opinion ..... ”
He added : “ We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives . Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia ! ”
Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida immediately criticized the move on Twitter , saying Putin was not a trusted partner .
Partnering with Putin on a “ Cybersecurity Unit ” is akin to partnering with ( Syrian President Bashar al ) Assad on a “ Chemical Weapons Unit , ” he wrote .
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks with Russian President Vladimir Putin during their bilateral meeting . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Investigations by a special counsel , Robert Mueller , and several U.S. congressional committees are looking into whether Russia interfered in the election and colluded with Trump 's campaign . Those probes are focused almost exclusively on Moscow 's actions , lawmakers and intelligence officials say , and no evidence has surfaced publicly implicating other countries .
Moscow has denied any interference , and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia .
( This version of the story corrects the day of meeting in second paragraph to Friday )
April 6 , 2009 9:35 AM | Tim W .
Suffering from a case of too many punctuations , Enviro-Bear 2000 : Operation : Hibernation ( created for TIGSource 's Cockpit Compo ) is a physics-based driving simulator where the objective is to assist a bear eat just enough food before going into a long hibernation sleep . Being drowsy and all , the bear 's mobility is limited to just one paw , hence the wheel , gear shift and pedals can only be operated one at a time . You could place an object on the pedal to help with the driving , although the unpredictability factor may do more harm than help with the situation .
The bear solely eats berries and fishes , so only by driving through a berry bush or a pond full of fishes wil you be able to fill the inside of the car with the right food to consume . Once you 've eaten enough , then it 's off to one of the caves to sleep for an entire year . Objects which obscure your view or impede your ability to drive can be removed from the car by grabbing them and throwing them out of the window or roof .
There 's a slight problem with this release though . The difficulty curve is rather unforgiving at times , especially when you 've reached year five and allowed only sixty seconds to fill the bear 's stomach with food . You can switch to full screen mode by pressing the Alt and Enter key . ( download page , gameplay video )
The Tampa Bay Lightning 's Ryan Callahan has not played since leaving midway through the Edmonton game because of a lower-body injury .
The 29-year-old forward might be rejoining the Bolts lineup sooner than expected , however .
Initially feared to be sidelined for a couple weeks , Callahan is eyeing Saturday 's game against the Washington Capitals for a possible return . At practice Wednesday following the Bolts ' blowout win over Arizona the night before , Callahan put in nearly a full training session .
“ You have to wait and see how it reacts to the treatment , how much damage you did , ” Callahan said . “ It responded well . This is good news , and today was a good skate . ”
Callahan was inactive for three days following the injury in Edmonton but got back out on the ice for the first time in Winnipeg .
“ We kind of just wanted more than anything that day just get my legs moving a little bit because I had n't done anything the last couple of days , ” Callahan said . “ It 's improved tremendously since then , and as you can see , a full practice today . ”
Lightning head coach Jon Cooper said Callahan is doubtful to play tomorrow against Philadelphia but would be questionable or probable for Saturday .
“ I do n't see myself playing tomorrow , ” Callahan said . “ I think Coop 's saying Saturday . That 's what we 're eyeballing…I think a lot of it just rides on how I feel tomorrow after that skate today . ”
ERASING EMBARASSMENT
Saturday 's 7-2 disaster in Minnesota was a bit of a stunner for a Lightning team that had n't fallen by more than a goal in three losses entering the contest .
Tampa Bay saw Tuesday 's game against Arizona as a chance for redemption .
“ I think getting thumped was a little bit of an eye opener for us , ” Cooper said . “ Nobody wants to do that . They 're proud guys…We 're embarrassed by it . It 's tough going through that , especially when the score 's a little out of hand early…It 's gratifying to have a game like we did last night to kind of wash it away . ”
Cooper suggested returning home to Amalie Arena and having a day of rest – the Bolts took Sunday off – helped spark Tuesday night 's 7-3 defeat of Arizona .
“ There is something to be said about being worn down , ” Cooper said . “ That was a long road for us . I think we got back home and we were just a rejuvenated group and one thing I liked , we turned the page . You 've got to be able to turn the page on those . It 's one of 82 . ”
KILLORN RETURNS
Lightning forward Alex Killorn made his return to the Tampa Bay lineup on Tuesday , skating with the Bolts top line of Valtteri Filppula and Steven Stamkos .
Killorn had been absent since catching a blade at pre-game skate in Edmonton and crashing hard into the boards . He missed four-straight games .
“ You do n't expect it to happen in pre-game skate , ” Killorn said . “ There was n't any contact at all . It 's just I was skating fast and the puck was coming into my skates and I tried to catch it but when I opened up I caught the ice the wrong way so I just fell . ”
Killorn 's first fear as he sat on the Edmonton ice was that he had damaged his neck .
“ It 's really scary . When you go in that fast , you do n't have any time to react or to kind of protect your body , ” he said . “ I hit the boards , and I just prayed that I protected my neck . That 's always the first thing I do : neck and the head . I did hit my head a little bit , but I protected my neck . ”
Killorn said the injury was painful , particularly because it hurt when breathing . He started skating again three days following the Edmonton game but mostly light work . He did n't take any contact until this Monday .
“ I was n't really able to do things , ” Killorn said . “ It was just really tight , my back was really tight . There were a lot of things I could n't do on the ice , so I would have been kind of useless out there . You just need time to rest your body obviously . It 's a pretty big hit . ”
Killorn skated 19 shifts against Arizona and recorded one assist in 18:13 of time on ice .
Image caption A reconstruction depicts the swampy land that was covered up 300 million years ago
Researchers have unearthed a forest in northern China preserved under a layer of ash deposited 300 million years ago .
Preservation of the forest , just west of the Inner Mongolian district of Wuda , has been likened to that of the Italian city of Pompeii .
The researchers were able to `` reconstruct '' nearly 1,000 sq m of the forest 's trees and plant distributions .
This rare insight into how the region once looked is described in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The excavations sampled three sites across a large expanse that was covered with about a metre of ash .
Due to the pristine preservation of some of the plants , the team estimate the ash fell over the course of just a few days , felling and damaging some of the trees and plants under its weight but otherwise keeping them intact .
`` It 's marvelously preserved , '' said study co-author Hermann Pfefferkorn of the University of Pennsylvania in the US .
`` We can stand there and find a branch with the leaves attached , and then we find the next branch and the next branch and the next branch . And then we find the stump from the same tree . That 's really exciting . ''
The team identified six groups of trees , ranging from low-lying tree ferns to now-extinct 25m trees Sigillaria and Cordaites , as well well-preserved specimens of another extinct group called Noeggerathiales .
Based on the findings , the team worked with a painter to depict what the forest would have looked like before the ash cloud descended .
Prof Pfefferkorn said that , as a particularly complete and well-caught moment in time , the forest would serve as a `` baseline '' for assessing future finds .
`` It 's like Pompeii , '' he said . `` Pompeii gives us deep insight into Roman culture , but it does n't say anything about Roman history in and of itself .
`` But on the other hand , it elucidates the time before and the time after . This finding is similar . It 's a time capsule and therefore it allows us now to interpret what happened before or after much better . ''
A petition started by an NGO has led to a popular e-commerce platform doing its bit for wildlife conservation by refusing to sell snares & traps .
In recent years , illegal poaching and trade of wildlife species in India has risen alarming levels . This , despite having a strong legal framework to protect our wildlife species and to regulate and restrict the flow of wildlife trade . A large quantity and variety of wildlife products that have little or no demand in India are in fact smuggled to international markets , where the demand for such items is extensive . This makes India a hub for illicit wildlife trafficking .
Between 1989 and 1993 , 184 rhinos were reportedly killed at the hands of poachers in Kaziranga National Park . In the first six months of 2016 alone , poachers had killed and sawed off the horns of nine rhinos residing in Kaziranga .
Based on recent reports , India ranks second after Indonesia on the global list of shark fishing nations . A growing demand for shark body parts such as meat for local consumption , fins for export and industrial use of skin and cartilage is rapidly pushing this species to the brink of extinction . Latest data also shows that over 30 tigers have been poached for their claws , skin , bones , canines and paws , in some of the country 's most protected forest reserves .
In February 2016 , wildlife conservation NGO , Wildlife SOS rescued a brutally maimed and abandoned three month old sloth bear cub named Rose .
The young bear had lost her left fore-limb to a poacher 's snare , leaving her severely injured and inevitably handicapped for the rest of her life .
As an organization that focuses on helping wildlife , over the years , they have been witness to animals under siege in a myriad of different ways , all as a consequence of human wildlife conflict . However , witnessing the trauma of this bear cub solidified their conviction that snares are one of the cruellest human-created threats to wildlife ; it is distressing to imagine the millions of animals that fall victim to these barbaric devices every year . Only a small percentage of these animals survive the horrors of snares and jaw traps , and the deaths of a majority of these victims of poaching go undocumented .
Rose is currently undergoing veterinary treatment , but will never be fit enough to be released back into the wild . Animals caught in snares and traps often struggle for hours—in some cases , days—before succumbing to thirst , hunger , strangulation , internal injuries and even predation from carnivores . The animals that manage to escape often succumb to their injuries and die days or weeks after their painful escape .
And this is not to mention the agony , terror and anxiety that any trapped animal will experience .
In an anti-poaching drive conducted by the Karnataka Forest department officials in 2012 , 80 snares , presumably laid down for trapping tigers , were seized from protected forest covers of Bandipur and Nagarhole National Parks . In a horrific incident in 2014 , a four year old leopardess died after getting caught in a poacher 's snare in Tamil Nadu . The big cat had suffered a brutal and painful death ; reports revealed that in its struggle to free itself from the strong cables , the animal 's bones were completely crushed .
Earlier this year , several poachers were caught hunting migratory birds at prominent bird habitats across Maharashtra , after a group of students discovered an Indian Cormorant caught in a wire snare in the Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve .
Following Rose 's heart-breaking rescue , the organisation started a search to identify all platforms where snares and traps were being sold . There is a constant struggle by the Indian government and some wildlife conservation organisations to protect our wildlife from such horrific fates , so it came as quite a shock for the organisation to discover that a reputable e-commerce brand was offering an array of wildlife trophies – alligator heads , preserved snakes , protected species of starfish , seahorses , butterflies and rare beetles – along with dangerous trapping and killing devices like jaw traps , wire snares and manuals on hunting on their website .
Traps and snares are indiscriminate killing products that will kill anything from a hare or a porcupine to a leopard or a tiger ! Yet , these devices were not just easily available , but were being sold by one of the world 's leading online retailers . This was particularly inexcusable as in India , all wild animals are protected under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 and hunting is illegal .
Appalled by this incredulous discovery , the NGO launched a petition imploring the global e-commerce giant to stop selling snares and other items that encourage or propagate maiming , hunting , trapping and killing of wildlife .
It requested their Indian division to remove such items thereby refusing to participate in and encourage cruelty to animals , while also educating people about snares and the suffering caused to innocent animals by their use .
The organisation also approached Smt . Maneka Gandhi , Union Minister for Women and Child Development who , being an active campaigner for animal rights in the country , strongly supported the petition and requested the company to remove these items immediately , on compassionate grounds as well as out of respect for India 's laws and conservation efforts .
As a result of these sustained efforts , the petition gathered over 9,600 signatures with animal lovers from across the globe expressing their outrage and vowing to boycott the retailer . The retail giant finally gave in and sent a written confirmation , agreeing to remove all such items .
They also confirmed that they had delisted 296 items that were listed in the ‘ animal specimen ' category and 104 items under the ‘ snares/traps ' from their website . They reiterated that they are committed as a company to prevent misuse of their platform by unscrupulous wildlife traffickers/sellers who violate the laws . This was a landmark move and it allowed Wildlife SOS to protect and conserve our rich natural heritage . It also brought to light the ever growing issues concerning wildlife poaching and trafficking , which continue to plague our country .
Like this story ? Or have something to share ? Write to us : contact @ thebetterindia.com , or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter ( @ thebetterindia ) .
Shi Dongpeng was robbed in Rio in a bizarre ruse . ( Getty )
The Rio de Janeiro Olympics have still yet to commence , but we may already have a candidate for the most bizarre story to come out of Brazil .
According to reports , Chinese 110m hurdler Shi Dongpeng and his cameraman were robbed shortly after they arrived in Rio by a man who caught them off guard by pretending to be heavily intoxicated .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The International Sport Press Association reports that as Shi and his cameraman checked into their Rio hotel on Monday night , a man who appeared to be drunk rushed over to them and vomited on the hurdler . Shi then went to clean up and the cameraman went to catch the man . By the time they returned , the cameraman 's equipment had completely vanished .
Security footage revealed that the alleged drunk was just a decoy used to distract Shi and his cameraman while another man swiped their belongings .
Safety has been a major issue surrounding the Rio Olympics . Saturday , the Wall Street Journal reported that police will take over security for the games after the private firm contracted for the job failed to provide enough staff .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- A picture of an overweight woman lying naked on a couch , painted by British artist Lucian Freud , set a record Tuesday night for the most money paid for a painting by a living artist .
`` Benefits Supervisor Sleeping '' depicts Sue Tilley lying on a worn-out couch .
The 1995 life-size work , `` Benefits Supervisor Sleeping , '' fetched $ 33.6 million during bidding at Christie 's auction house in New York . The previous record was for `` Hanging Heart , '' a painting by Jeff Koonz that sold for $ 23.5 million , said Rik Pike , a spokesman for Christie 's .
`` Benefits Supervisor Sleeping '' depicts Sue Tilley , a manager of a government-run job center in London , lying on her side on a worn-out couch with nothing to hide her folds of flesh .
Christie 's calls it a `` bold and imposing example of the stark power of Lucian Freud 's realism , '' depicting `` the forceful and undeniable physical presence of people and things . ''
Tilley , 51 , said she was initially embarrassed to pose naked for the artist , but they soon grew comfortable in the studio -- so comfortable , in fact , that she confessed to falling asleep while posing .
`` I did n't mind if he noticed , '' she said .
The painting challenges modern notions of beauty and elicits a reaction from everyone who sees it . That may have been precisely the aim of Freud , who told London 's Tate Gallery in 2002 that he wanted his paintings to `` astonish , disturb , seduce , convince . ''
Do n't Miss MME : The art of investment
Though some regard the painting as shocking -- ugly , even -- that is also the appeal for collectors , said Michael Hall , editor of Apollo Magazine in London .
`` There 's a reaction against art that 's regarded as too pretty , '' he said .
Hall said he thinks a more conventionally beautiful painting would not be able to fetch such a large amount .
`` It 's the sort of thing that everyone immediately wants to voice an opinion about , '' he said of the painting . `` It challenges conventional taste ... and people do find that rather exciting and interesting to talk about . ''
Collectors may also view this as a rare chance to buy something by a prolific artist painted at the peak of his work , he said .
Freud , 85 , has been described as Britain 's greatest living realist painter . He is the grandson of psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud and came to London from Germany when he was a child .
With Tilley , Freud said he was `` very aware of all kinds of spectacular things to do with her size , like amazing craters and things one 's never seen before , '' according to the 2002 interview with the Tate . He added , `` I have perhaps a predilection towards people of unusual or strange proportions , which I do n't want to over-indulge . ''
Freud painted the portrait of Tilley over nine months in 1995 . Tilley said she posed for eight hours a day , two or three days a week .
She had been introduced to the artist through a mutual friend , Australian performance artist Leigh Bowery , who also posed for Freud . It was Bowery 's idea for Tilley to pose for Freud , so he arranged a meeting .
Tilley knew the meeting was more of an interview for the job of Freud 's muse , and she did n't find out until later -- through Bowery -- that she 'd gotten the job , she said .
`` Lucian just said to Leigh , 'Oh , tell Sue she can start next week , ' `` Tilley said .
Tilley still works full-time at the job center in London 's West End and calls her newfound fame `` a bit bizarre . '' She laughs as she describes how she now has to arrange her schedule to accommodate media interviews .
She said she 's excited to find out how much the painting will sell for , but knowing that it could set a record is `` a bit scary . ''
`` It 's hard to put your head around it , really , '' she said . `` But it 's all good . ''
All About Painting • Art History • Auctions
The way it works is that you create the untraceable part at home . You buy the rest of the parts—none of which are traceable as parts—and voila ! AR 15 . Your very own assault rifle and you did n't have to leave the comfort of your survivalist shed . The lawful work-around is that you can not `` sell '' untraceable lower receivers for guns , but there ai n't no law for making one !
Milling gun metal has always been something that only professionals and real hobbyists were involved in . Not anymore :
In fact , the process of legally milling a metal lower receiver is easier than it sounds . Using the Ghost Gunner to carve a lower receiver from a raw block of aluminum would be a lengthy , complex process . But the firearm community has long traded in so-called “ 80 percent lowers , ” lower-receiver-shaped metal pieces that sell for as little as $ 80 and are roughly 80 percent finished—They only need to have a few holes and cavities milled out to become the body of a working gun . The bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms has defined that 80 percent line as the closest an object can come to a regulated rifle without legally qualifying as one . But precisely finishing the last 20 percent of a lower receiver has still required access to a milling machine that typically costs tens of thousands of dollars .
He gleefully named a design for an AK-47 magazine after Senator Dianne Feinstein , “ to commemorate a personal failure of Feinstein 's to take away semi-automatic weapons. ” Wilson has been criticized by gun-control advocates , including Senator Charles Schumer and Representative Steve Israel , both of whom have discussed the need for legislative counters to printable guns . While ardent gun-rights advocates are often cast by their opponents as myopic , uneducated , or somehow out of step with the times , Wilson is a bumptious , telegenic twenty-five-year-old who calls himself a crypto-anarchist ; he and his collaborators hope that new technologies like bitcoin and 3-D printing will do nothing less than abrogate government , returning power to individuals and small sovereign communities . To him , 3-D printing presents “ a world where you can have a firearm if you want . This is a world of equality. ” What 's notable about this kind of talk is how divorced it is from any practical reality . Wilson coolly deflect questions about actual gun violence , in particular the Sandy Hook massacre , shifting into a higher register loaded with intellectualized abstractions . ( During a Vice podcast , he noted his willingness to engage even more aggressively in the gun-control debate after Sandy Hook , using it to attract more attention for his vision than competing 3-D-printed gun projects . ) Unlike the N.R.A. , Wilson does n't practice politics ; he practices political theory , as he does in the Vice documentary , wearing Ray-Ban sunglasses and cruising to a rented warehouse in his silver BMW , talking about concepts like “ socialism from below ” or dropping references to French theorists like Jean Baudrillard and Pierre-Joseph Proudhon . Gun-death statistics are not part of the rhetoric . He does n't want to “ get bogged down in the numbers . ”
This is part of a larger anarchist mission Defense Distributed and Cody Wilson are involved in I suggest you read the articles linked . It is both interesting and frightening . It really illuminates the sophomoric pseudo-intellectual flaws of the libertarian movement . It also shows that the practicality of their anti-government rhetoric is non-existent . On the one hand , they are democratizing gun ownership , and on the other , they are creating a world that is willfully deaf to all of the damage guns have done and continue to do .
I have updated the article to represent the correct information . As was pointed out in comments , the device is a milling machine and not a printer . The rest of the op does not change as a result of that . I appreciate the comments and the corrections .
Busting non-voter pattern myths | Election Data Consortium 11 Sep 2014
NZ Election Data Consortium
Media release – for immediate use
Election Data Consortium
11 September 2014
Busting non-voter pattern myths
The common perception that centre-left parties like Labour and the Greens are hit much harder than National when their supporters do not turn up to vote does not hold up in light of polling analysis released today by the Election Data Consortium .
The Consortium is made up of polling company Roy Morgan and data analytics company Qrious . The analysis shows 36 percent of those aged between 18 and 24 who are enrolled but state they are unlikely to vote , indicated they preferred National . In comparison , younger non-voters indicated 39 percent of them preferred Labour and 19 percent supported the Greens .
“ This is lower than National 's general polling support across all age groups but higher than many people probably believe the party receives from this block of potential voters , ” says Qrious spokesman Cyrus Facciano .
“ The rule-of-thumb is that lower turnout by young voters is automatically bad for the centre-left . That is true to some extent – but it is nowhere near the election-turning block of votes that some make it out to be . ”
The pattern is similar across other ages , though these groups are more likely to vote than younger people . In the 35 to 49 age group , 39 percent of non-voters said they preferred National .
“ The analysis and visualisation by Qrious shows the power of data analysis to really come to terms with information provided by Roy Morgan . This work will give the public and the media a better understanding of what is happening in voter patterns , ” said Qrious spokesman Cyrus Facciano .
Qrious used Roy Morgan polling data from 1 May 2014 to 31 August 2014 . Roy Morgan asks enrolled voters how they would vote . Roy Morgan also asks whether the person always votes or is likely to vote . These were classed as voters . Those indicating they never vote , seldom or rarely voted were classed as non-voters .
Ends
Election Data Consortium
Roy Morgan and Qrious are working together as part of the Election Data Consortium to gain greater insights into what is driving the 2014 election .
About Roy Morgan Research - roymorgan.com
Roy Morgan Research is Australia 's best known and longest established market research company , with an unparalleled reputation for reliable , accurate , meaningful , revealing market research . Proudly independent , the Company now operates globally with offices in New Zealand , USA , UK , Indonesia and throughout Australia . See more here : roymorgan.com/about/about-roy-morgan-research
About Qrious - qrious.co.nz
Information . Insight . Action . We are entering a new , more connected digital age , where innovation can flourish . Qrious is here to provide the platform and the capability to support this phenomenon , through better use of information to provide insights that are actionable .
Add a comment
'The dentist was worried I might break his chair ' : The hurtful fat-shaming experienced by overweight women three times a day
As part of the research , a group of 50 overweight and obese women kept daily diaries for a week ; 1,077 weight-stigmatizing events were reported
Overweight women endure an average of three fat-shaming moments every day , according to a recent article in the Journal of Health Psychology .
The study 's lead author , psychologist Jason Seacat of Western New England University , asked 50 overweight and obese women , whom he recruited from public weight forums online , to keep daily diaries for a week .
A total of 1,077 weight-stigmatizing events were reported - from teenagers making 'moo ' sounds at a woman in a store , to a dentist being worried a female patient was going to break his chair .
A heavy issue : A new study shows that overweight woman get fat-shamed an average of three times per day ( file photo )
Dr Seacat sent Science of Us a list of other cringe-inducing moments that the women , who mostly happened to be Caucasian , experienced .
' I was told what a bad mother I am because I ca n't set limits as to what my son or his friends eat during sleepovers , because I ca n't even control myself . '
'With friends at a baby shower I went to McDonald 's first so people would n't look at me eating more than I should . '
'Boyfriend 's mother denied me access to food , also stated that I was so fat because I was lazy . '
THE WORST OF THE WORST : EXPERIENCES REPORTED DURING THE WEEK-LONG STUDY
' I was told what a bad mother I am because I ca n't set limits as to what my son or his friends eat during sleepovers , because I ca n't even control myself . '
'Teenager made animal sounds ( moo ) outside the store . '
'Boyfriend 's mother denied me access to food ; also stated that I was so fat because I was lazy . '
'The dentist was worried I might break his chair . '
'With friends at a baby shower I went to McDonald 's first so people would n't look at me eating more than they should . '
'My ex-boss looked at me several times in a restaurant but acted like he did n't know me . I worked for him for 5 years but he always hated fat people . '
'Spent the day gardening – realized with this survey how much time I spend alone . '
Of the nearly 1,200 stigmatizing events , the highest percentage of women experienced 'physical barriers ' ( 84per cent ) , 'nasty comments from others ' ( 74per cent ) , 'being stared at ' ( 72per cent ) and 'others making negative assumptions ' ( 72per cent ) .
The least frequent fat-shaming events were 'job discrimination ' ( 22per cent ) , 'comments from doctors ' ( 16per cent ) and 'being physically attacked ' ( 12per cent ) .
Not surprisingly , fat-shaming can have devastating consequences on a woman 's psychological well-being , the article says , including lower self-esteem and clinical depression .
But the negative attention can also wreak havoc on physical health - and , interestingly , prevent weight loss .
'Emerging data indicate that weight stigma may have negative health consequences such as binge eating , reduced weight loss success and diminished personal exercise and dietary health , ' the study says .
Image caption It 's elementary : Roy Upton-Holder outside his garden shed , named after Holmes 's London address , 221B Baker Street
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's books about Sherlock Holmes have been translated into 98 languages down the years .
Now , 125 years after the author introduced Holmes to the world , his fans in Powys hope to turn one of his 56 short stories into Welsh .
The Deerstalkers of Welshpool , a Welsh Sherlock Holmes society with 20 members , aims to translate The Adventure of the Speckled Band .
So what would that become in Welsh ? It 's elementary : Antur y Rhuban Brith .
The books are so realistic and they 're not all about murders Roy Upton-Holder , The Deerstalkers of Welshpool
The founder of the Holmes group in Welshpool , Roy Upton-Holder , 82 , an enthusiast of Conan Doyle 's books for 60 years , is not deterred , despite one Welsh language publisher 's warning of high cost and low demand .
Mr Upton-Holder 's devotion is such that it has led to him calling his house Baskerville after the detective 's most famous case , and his pet cat Mycroft , in honour of Holmes 's brother .
Even his garden shed has a link to the fictional detective and is known as 221B after Sherlock 's London address .
He said the Adventure of the Speckled Band was one of Conan Doyle 's favourite books , telling the story of a greedy stepfather who murders one of his stepdaughters .
Image caption Sherlock Holmes is enjoying a resurgence thanks to the BBC Wales-produced TV drama Sherlock
Mr Upton-Holder said it was written for commuters and designed to be read in about 30 minutes , and was first published in the Strand Magazine in 1892 .
He said he had been thinking about translating a Holmes story into Welsh for some time .
`` Then I had an email from a Sherlock Holmes fan in Texas who is a member of the Baker Street Irregulars , the largest Holmes society in the USA , '' Mr Upton-Holder said .
`` He asked if we were thinking about translating a book into Welsh and why did n't we do something about it .
I do n't think there would be a massive demand ... most people would be interested in reading the original in English Levy Gruffudd , Welsh language publisher Y Lolfa
`` He said he 'd give us $ 100 towards it .
`` Since then I 've contacted Aberystwyth University to see if someone there could help with the translating and we 've thought about asking Welsh A-level students if they 'd like to take on the translating as a school project .
`` One of our members has recently retired from the National Library of Wales in Aberystwyth and he speaks Welsh , so he could help check the pupils ' work .
`` We need to work out the translation costs and find someone who will publish the finished version for us . ''
Mr Upton-Holder explained his fascination with the super sleuth .
`` The books are so realistic and they 're not all about murders . Some are about greed which is still relevant today , '' he said .
'High standard '
`` Conan Doyle gave Holmes a backstory and you knew about his family , even his family tree . ''
The Deerstalkers of Welshpool were founded in 2001 , and Mr Upton-Holder said there were around 400 such groups worldwide .
Image caption Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's stories are still relevant today , says Roy Upton-Holder
But one publisher of Welsh language books was not sure if Holmes would sell in Welsh .
Levy Gruffudd , general editor at Y Lolfa near Aberystwyth , said : `` Harry Potter books have been turned into Welsh . It was a success , but I 'm not sure how many copies were sold .
`` I do n't think there would be a massive demand [ for Holmes ] . Most people would be interested in reading the original in English .
`` It would be feasible to translate a book , but the costs would be very high . It might even be in the thousands of pounds , depending on the number of pages .
`` It 's quite specialised work because the translating and writing would have to be to a high standard . ''
British actors Benedict Cumberbatch and Tom Hiddleston have both won awards at the South Bank Sky Arts Awards , Tuesday , March 12 , 2013 , in London .
Strictly speaking , Cumberbatch 's award was an indirect one . He starred in Parade 's End , which won the Best TV Drama Award . Would it have done so if he were not in it ? Would it have garnered as many viewers ?
I do n't think so , and neither does Susanna White , who directed the series . She told Britain 's Radio Times : “ I think Benedict is one of the finest actors of his generation . And we were really lucky to get him because without him , Parade 's End would be nothing like it is . ”
Parade 's End is set in the days before , during and after World War I and is based on a series of novels by Ford Madox Ford . It can be still be seen on HBO and HBO Canada . ( Click to see the HBO schedule , or the HBO Canada schedule . )
As for Tom Hiddleston , The Guardian reported that he : “ . . .picked up the Times breakthrough award for his acting in The Hollow Crown and films including War Horse and Avengers Assemble . ”
The Hollow Crown was a four-part BBC series of Shakespeare 's plays : Richard II ; Henry IV , Part 1 ; Henry IV , Part 2 ; Henry V. Tom Hiddleston was in all of them except for Richard II . He played Prince Hal , son of Henry IV , and then went on to play Henry V. The series was shown in Britain in 2012 as part of that country 's Olympic celebrations , and will be shown on PBS in the U.S. ( much ) later this year .
Hiddleston played the troubled villain Loki ( fangirls love to love him ) in Thor and the film that 's simply known as The Avengers in other countries . It 's called Avengers Assemble in Britain to distinguish it from the TV series that starred Diana Rigg and Patrick Macnee . ( Oh ! The Internet says that Macnee is 91 . Bravo ! )
Moving right along . . . Awards are great ( unless it 's a Razzie ) and I 'm sure that Tom Hiddleston is happy and grateful to win another ( he 's got lots of awards already , and he 's always grateful , which is just one of the many things that endears him to his fans ) it 's just that a ” Breakthrough ” award seems strange , since I thought that he had done his “ breaking through ” quite some time ago . Whatever .
Actually , I 'm wondering who 's happier about this , the actors themselves or their fans ?
Hiddleston did send four tweets from the event .
Here 's one of them .
https : //twitter.com/twhiddleston/status/311548671714013185
Cumberbatch and Hiddleston have hordes of fans all over the world – probably in any country that has Internet access and likely in some that do n't . Their fandoms also overlap somewhat – if I had accurate figures I could make you a Venn diagram . ( Remember those things , with circles ? ) Alas , I do n't have those statistics .
Benedict Cumberbatch , left , Patrick Kennedy and Tom Hiddleston starred in Steven Speilberg 's World War I film , War Horse . ( DreamWorks II Distribution Co . )
The two appeared together in War Horse , as British cavalry officers in World War I , and since then , many fans have been hoping to see them together again . Hiddleston could make a guest appearance in Cumberbatch 's TV series Sherlock , or maybe Cumberbatch could have a cameo in one of the Avengers sequels ? Better yet , could they both have big parts in the same film ? Scriptwriters , start your engines .
The James Bond movie Skyfall won the Best Film prize at the South Bank Sky Arts Awards . Also , as the BBC reported “ Olympic cauldron wins South Bank award ” which is not the sort of headline one sees everyday . This Guardian article ( the same one linked above ) lists all the South Bank Sky Arts Award winners .
The awards ceremony will be broadcast at 9.30 p.m. ( in the UK ) on Thursday ( March 14 ) on Sky Arts 1 HD .
Women in China have taken part in a bizarre audition to either become models or flight attendants .
More than 1,000 graduates from a school in Quingdao , north-east China , attended the annual auditions in the hope of becoming either a model or an air stewardess on Monday , according to People 's Daily Online .
Those auditioning were hoping to gain contracts in either the world of fashion or aviation , and walked up and down stage in bikinis and air stewardess uniforms as they were required to meet physical requirements .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
The criteria included women being elegant , slim , having a sweet voice and having no scars visible on the exposed areas of their skin .
In order to be successful , women needed to be at least 5ft 6in in order to be a flight attendant . But , according to the Daily Mail , the event hosts “ Oriental Beauty ” say on their website that if candidates are really beautiful , they will be accepted if they are 5ft 5in .
Shape Created with Sketch . In pictures : Giles LFW supermodel line-up Show all 14 left Created with Sketch . right Created with Sketch . Shape Created with Sketch . In pictures : Giles LFW supermodel line-up 1/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Eva Herzigova 2/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Karen Elson 3/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Erin O'Connor 4/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Edie Campbell 5/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Irina Shayk 6/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Lily Donaldson 7/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Elizabeth Jagger 8/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Georgia May Jagger 9/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Dree Hemmingway 10/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Langley Fox 11/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Andreja Pejic 12/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Stella Maxwell 13/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Bella Hadid 14/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Poppy Delevingne 1/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Eva Herzigova 2/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Karen Elson 3/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Erin O'Connor 4/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Edie Campbell 5/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Irina Shayk 6/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Lily Donaldson 7/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Elizabeth Jagger 8/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Georgia May Jagger 9/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Dree Hemmingway 10/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Langley Fox 11/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Andreja Pejic 12/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Stella Maxwell 13/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Bella Hadid 14/14 Giles LFW supermodel line-up Poppy Delevingne
The audience is made up of people from modelling agencies and airline training agencies , who have come from nearby provinces including Shandong , Hebei , Shanxi , Anhui , Jiangsu and Jilin .
The event hosts , who are a modelling agency , say the yearly auditions are a way for recruiters to find the newest talent , as well as for graduates to establish themselves .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
STEM
States will gain large , widespread and nearly immediate health benefits if the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) sets strong standards in the final Clean Power Plan , according to the first independent , peer-reviewed paper of its kind , published today in the journal Nature Climate Change . Charles Driscoll , University Professor of Environmental Systems Engineering in the College of Engineering and Computer Science is lead author of the paper .
The researchers analyzed three options for power plant carbon standards . The top option in the study prevents an expected 3,500 premature deaths in the U.S. every year , with a range of 780 to up to 6,100 . It also averts more than 1,000 heart attacks and hospitalizations annually from air pollution-related illness . But weaker options considered in the study provide fewer estimated health benefits and could even have detrimental health effects , according to the paper .
The study comes at a pivotal time for climate policy as EPA prepares to release the final Clean Power Plan this summer . The plan is the nation 's first attempt to establish standards for carbon dioxide emissions from power plants . It is also viewed as an important signal of U.S. leadership in the run-up to international climate negotiations in Paris in December .
“ The bottom line is , the more the standards promote cleaner fuels and energy efficiency , the greater the added health benefits , ” says Driscoll . “ We found that the greatest clean air and health benefits occur when stringent targets for carbon dioxide emissions are combined with compliance measures that promote demand-side energy efficiency and cleaner energy sources across the power sector . ”
“ If EPA sets strong carbon standards , we can expect large public health benefits from cleaner air almost immediately after the standards are implemented , ” says Jonathan Buonocore , research fellow in the Center for Health and the Global Environment at the Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health and a co-author of the new paper .
The researchers mapped the air quality and related health benefits for the entire continental U.S. under three options for the Clean Power Plan . They found that all states and all types of communities see improved air quality under the top option . Pennsylvania , Ohio and Texas post the greatest health gains with 330 to 230 estimated premature deaths prevented each year .
“ An important implication of this study is that the largest health benefits from the transition to cleaner energy are expected in states that currently have the greatest dependence on coal-fired electricity , ” says Dallas Burtraw , Darius Gaskins Senior Fellow at Resources for the Future and a co-author of the new paper .
Power plants are the nation 's largest source of carbon dioxide emissions that contribute to climate change . They also release other pollutants like sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides and particulate matter—precursors to smog and soot that harm human health . The study looks at the added health benefits , or co-benefits , of carbon standards from reductions in these other air pollutants .
The results from the three policy options analyzed in the study are surprising . The option that only implements power plant upgrades , as favored by some groups , results in slightly lower air quality and modest adverse health effects . The option with the deepest cuts in carbon emissions does not produce the largest health benefits because it lacks new end-user energy efficiency . The top option for health prevents almost twice as many premature deaths as the runner-up for every ton of carbon dioxide reduced .
The results pan out like the story of the “ three little pigs. ” One option is like the house of straw—it seems protective , but it is n't . Another option is like the house of sticks—it is stronger than straw but ultimately does n't hold up . The final option is like the house of bricks—it uses all the right building blocks and has the best outcome .
The findings demonstrate that EPA 's policy choices will determine the clean air and public health benefits for states and communities . The option in the study with the top health benefits is the one that is most similar to the draft standards released by EPA last June . So , the good news is that the formula in the draft Clean Power Plan is on the right track to provide large health benefits .
The new paper also has important international implications and brings much-needed attention to the benefits of climate change solutions . “ The immediate and widespread local health benefits of cleaner air from policies to address greenhouse gas emissions can provide a strong motivation for U.S. and global action on climate change , ” Driscoll concludes .
A follow-on study analyzing the added benefits of power plant carbon standards for water , visibility crops and trees is expected out this summer .
A parolee was ordered held on $ 350,000 bail after an 8-year-old boy was accidentally shot by another child last week in North Lawndale on the city 's West Side .
Police said the gun the children used belonged to Jeffery Williams , 34 , of the 1100 block of South Harding Avenue . Williams , who was paroled in January after being sentenced to 30 months on a drug conviction , was arrested Friday , according to police and Illinois Department of Corrections records .
Williams appeared in bond court Sunday after being charged with one felony count of unlawful use of a weapon by a felon , one misdemeanor count of child endangerment and one misdemeanor count of possessing marijuana . He was also charged with violating his parole .
Prosecutors said in court that Williams has nine felony convictions .
The latest charges come after Williams ' girlfriend was charged in the incident and ordered held on $ 75,000 bail by a Cook County judge last week . Micquelyn Biles , the mother of the 8-year-old who was wounded , was charged after police say she lied about knowing the handgun was inside the home .
The shooting happened in Biles ' North Lawndale home about 10:45 a.m. April 7 . Her son and another child found Williams ' handgun , and the gun went off while the two were handling it , police said . The boy was shot in the abdomen and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , where he was listed in good condition last week .
The shooting happened when Williams and Biles left the 8-year-old alone with the boy 's 11-year-old sister and a 9-year-old neighbor while the couple went to a liquor store and then Williams sold cannabis at Roosevelt and Independence avenues , according to prosecutors .
After the adults left , the 9-year-old stood on a kitchen counter and found the gun on top of a refrigerator . The 9-year-old neighbor pulled the trigger once , but the gun did not fire . He pulled the trigger a second time , and the gun fired , hitting the 8-year-old in the right flank . The bullet passed through the younger boy 's body .
The victim panicked and threw the bullet casing in the backyard , and the 9-year-old ran from the apartment to get help . Williams and Biles told the children to lie to the police and to tell them an unknown male shot the child in the backyard , according to prosecutors .
Williams ' defense lawyer said he lives with his cousin and has a child .
Maybe , after 95 months in the White House , Barack Obama finally discovered where they kept the courage pills . Suddenly , the man who could n't bring himself to respond decisively to a basketload of international challenges during his eight years as president is swaggering around the globe , sleeves rolled up , chip on his shoulder , daring foreign rivals to knock it off .
Benjamin Netanyahu got late last month when the U.S. let the UN Security Council go ahead and condemn Israel for building settlements in occupied territory . Obama finally unleashed John Kerry , who had apparently been itching to take a verbal swing at Netanyahu for some time , to deliver a stern lecture castigating the Israeli prime minister for having a lousy attitude and impeding progress on peace talks .
That out of the way , the president turned his attention to Russian President Vladimir Putin . Interfere in our election will ya ? Think you 're smart do ya ? Well we 'll see about that…
After weeks of shaking his first and warning that soon … any day now … the U.S. would take retaliatory measures against Moscow for hacking into U.S. computers and messing with the election , Obama finally unveiled his plan : 35 spies would be kicked out of the country , sanctions imposed on some high-level intelligence officials , and a pair of luxury getaways used by Russian diplomats would be closed down . No more beachside holidays for you , Boris !
Even the liberal-minded New York Times could n't bring itself
to pretend the response was impressive . “ It is definitely too late , and may also be too little , ” it editorialized , while acknowledging the Russians certainly deserved it .
But too little , too late is what has come to be expected of Obama . Ask the people of Syria about that . While Kerry , the secretary of state , shuttled ridiculously in and out of European capitals for fruitless talks with Russian leaders in search of an end to the Syrian carnage , Syrian president Bashar Al-Assad rained down death with Putin 's support , approval and supplies . Russia has vastly increased its influence throughout the Middle East during Obama 's presidency , having correctly concluded that Obama was all talk and no resolve . Maybe we should expect another speech from Kerry blaming Russia for Washington 's slow fade into irrelevance .
It would be “ sad ” ( which may be Donald Trump 's favourite word ) if it did n't border so closely on the ridiculous . With just a few weeks left in office , the U.S. president suddenly decides to settle scores ? What was stopping him over the past seven years , when he allowed Putin to seize the Crimea , disrupt Ukraine , put NATO on the defensive and turn Syria into a client state ? Was he waiting for authorization from higher authority , and , if so , who would that higher authority be ? Certainly not the Congress : much of the Republican-controlled Congress would have been overjoyed to see Obama deploy just a little of the vast military , economic and diplomatic muscle the U.S. retains . But Obama never seemed to know what to do with U.S. power , other than let it fester unused while stronger wills took advantage of his indecision .
Now that he 's finally unleashing a bit of that clout , he 's chosen the one moment in his presidency when it 's likely to do the least good . Netanyahu and Putin both knew instinctively how to respond : do nothing and wait for January 20 , when Trump will be inaugurated and everything will change . Netanyahu , who has the hotter head of the two , could n't resist a few digs at Obama , with whom he 's never gotten along . Putin , demonstrating the skill that has helped him outmanoeuvre Obama at every turn , used to opportunity to play statesman , coolly rejecting a suggestion that Moscow retaliate in kind .
“ While we reserve the right to take reciprocal measures , we 're not going to downgrade ourselves to the level of irresponsible ‘ kitchen ' diplomacy , ” Putin said .
In other words , why bother getting worked up over a parting shot by an ineffectual president who will very soon be just another private citizen ? The 35 Russians expelled this week will barely have time to unpack in Moscow before Trump becomes president and everything changes . Trump has appointed a friend of Putin to replace Kerry as secretary of state . He 's also rejected the charges that Moscow tried to interfere in the election , or at least that he 's worried about it . So , if they did nothing wrong , why should they be punished ? Those luxury getaways could be back in business before the spring , just enough time for a good cleaning .
Trump made all this clear with a single tweet . “ Stay strong Israel , January 20th is fast approaching ! ” he wrote in response to Kerry 's denunciation of Netanyahu .
Those eight words is all it took to undercut an outburst Obama could n't find the nerve to deliver until his last , the weakest days in office . Thus , an unimpressive presidency comes to an unimpressive end .
Photo with 10 notes
The above photo is from a pamphlet my father received from missionaries sent by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , of which my father is a member .
Under cover of anonymity , I have no qualms about saying that the underlined passage hits particularly close to home . Due to poor decisions made in his young adulthood , my father has never made a lot of money . In these trying economic times , it is absolutely ridiculous for an organization which believes themselves to be a force for good in the world to demand placing regular contributions to them over simple necessities , such as food and heating .
It is understandable that the Mormon Church requires money to stay afloat . However , it is absolutely deplorable that they would print a passage specifically meant to tell people that their concerns over not having enough money are not a valid reason for failure to pay a full 10 % of their income . If they particularly needed money , they should seek alternative means , such as asking for donations from their richer members or selling products from the large amount of farmland that they own .
This is reminiscent to many of the upper class ' objections to progressive taxation . What these people utterly fail to understand is that , for a rich family , additional taxes will come out of fourth or fifth homes and a third yearly vacations . For a poor family , additional taxes will come out of food . If additional revenue is needed , seek sources and cut corners which do not require an absolutely repugnant sense of morality .
I have to admit , the Mormon Church 's charity efforts are a positive contribution to their communities . This in no way excuses their support for anti-LGBT governmental policies , such as proposition 8 , or this blatant attempt to tell the poor that money in the Church 's pocket is more important than food on their table . If they absolutely must solicit donations from those who can not afford it , it should be mandatory for them to give food packages to tithing members below a certain income level .
I can not overstate just how disgusted I was to read this passage and I will be making every effort to spread it to as many people as possible . It is nothing less than disgusting that the people who wrote and published these pamphlets would think that this is acceptable and even morally right .
EDIT : Something I found out about later on is the Islamic practice of Zakat . Do n't get me wrong , Islam has a lot of its own problems , but this particular aspect is something I really like .
Zakat is one of the five pillars of Islam , and a requirement of all Muslims . It is an obligation to donate 2.5 % of one 's excess wealth to charity . Excess wealth meaning wealth after all of one 's own needs are met . As in , actual charities that help the poor and not churches that are just as likely to use your money for food drives as a church leader 's salary .
Global zakat contributions are estimated to be over 15 times global humanitarian aid contributions . https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zakat
I operate differently . And I 'm sure from this conversation you 're going to be able to tell that .
I do n't like following guidelines , or footsteps , or the crowd . I do n't do what everybody else does . I find ways that work for me to get it done . I definitely do n't follow the normal route most people take when I want to accomplish something . If we 're all chasing the same goal , and we all use the same guidelines , then that means a lot of us end up at the same level . And I 'm not trying to be one of the bunch , I 'm trying to stand out from the bunch . And for that reason you have to think different and be different .
It 's more important for you to accomplish what you want than to miss the things you 're giving up .
Story continues below advertisement
Everybody fails . That 's what allows you to enjoy success . If life was nothing but a continuation of a bunch of successes , I do n't think anyone would enjoy winning .
It means it 's one strike , and in life there is no 'three strikes out and you 're out ' rule .
It 's up to you to give up or continue . Failure to me is just another chance to be successful .
Anyone in any profession , they have tough times , where there are always obstacles to overcome , and I 'm no different . But because I had the love for the sport , I knew it was what I wanted to do . It was easy for me to get out of bed every day and tackle all those potential obstacles or issues .
Take it one step at a time . Do n't call success just one thing . Moving up the ranks , taking it one step at a time , you 're going up the ladder , and you might have the main goal , but there are successes to achieve along the way .
My main goal was to get to the big leagues , to be a successful major-league baseball player , but in my journey to get there , I had many successes – getting a college scholarship , doing well in college , getting an opportunity to sign a professional contract , climbing at every level in minors I 've been in . Those were all great successes .
If I never got to the big leagues , I still would 've considered myself a successful person , and never a failure just because I did n't make it to the big leagues .
Story continues below advertisement
I ca n't say it 's destiny , but I think you need that internal desire and passion to do it every day , whether someone pays you or not .
I try to always say yes .
I have a pretty defined game plan … I delegate . I find good people , I bring them to my team , and I let them do their job , just like any company . I do n't see myself as a company , but I have to operate like one in order to remain efficient . That 's why I have the moving parts I have in place . A business manager , a tax specialist , a PR group , and I have people around me all the time who can help me .
I like to think about and ideas and projects and strategize with everyone else to make sure that this is a seamless operation and that I do n't miss out on anything .
I do have six to eight hours of each day blocked specifically to focus on my baseball career , be it eating proper meals , getting enough rest , to do the proper workout and get enough rehab and treatment .
After 12 years in the big leagues , the experience certainly helps , and now I can tell what I need to do on the daily basis to prioritize . Being a family man is number one , a father to my kids , being there for my wife is a priority , and then baseball is number two . Everything else comes after that .
Story continues below advertisement
One thing I learned from my parents was to not attempt to box anybody into any role , no matter what you want . Everyone needs the freedom of choice . What you can do is set the right example and create the proper environment surrounding them .
I think instinctively we are animals , and we have more direct contact with that than we might want to admit . Whenever you box an animal in , he 's going to try to find a way out . So the last thing I 'm going to try to do with my kids is told them exactly what they need to be and how to do it .
They 're still at the age where they think that this is what everybody 's daddy does .
I always like coming in touch with positive messages . Life is n't really designed that way , so you have to create you own environment to operate under . Everything else can be extremely negative , and I do n't have control over it . Positive reinforcement helps me in my attitude toward life .
I did a very descriptive article on the Players ' Tribune about [ the bat flip ] … The only thing I 'd add to it that gets lost in everything else , is the game is so commercial , so business-inclined and focused , that a lot of people forget that . And what gives me so much joy and satisfaction out of it is creating those experiences and memories for the people who were paying attention .
When you look at it later in time , next year , in five years , 10 , 15 years , no one is going to remember anything else other than those memories . That 's what will stick with me the most . To be a part of that is a great feeling . It should be for any person or athlete , just to live in people 's minds and memories for a long time . That 's way more satisfying than anything that can come with playing a professional sport .
It 's not a choice , it 's not like I have one , but that does n't bother me . I go about my business the way I think is right , which would automatically set a good example for the kids that follow me .
You adjust , and you learn and you adapt . And if you do n't you get left behind .
I like to understand how things work , why they are the way they are , and if I do n't get it , I ask questions . I try to make sense of it . I use logic . I do n't consider myself more intelligent than other people , but I try to pay attention and make sure that I know what 's going on . I do n't mind asking questions . I know a lot of people are shy about it because they feel maybe they 'll come off like someone who may be ignorant or not knowledgeable , but I 'm the opposite .
I have a process where I identify the things that I specifically need to sacrifice in order to get to the end goal . A lot of people do n't go through that exercise to begin with , so they never find out what it is .
Jose Bautista 's home run and bat flip during Game 5 of the American League Division Series against the Texas Rangers was a highlight of Toronto 's postseason run . Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail
I have one social life in Toronto – I can only enjoy certain lifestyles in Toronto , and it 's a little different and freer in the off-season . I do everything I want to do , I just do those things when I feel I can handle it and everything that comes along with it , specifically when I go out in public in Toronto in the summer .
In Tampa , I have a lot more freedom in the offseason . I get to enjoy things I normally would n't , like going around town , doing my dry-cleaning , going grocery shopping , doing things normal people do . I 'm a normal guy , but it 's just timing and managing a schedule . If I did the same thing in Toronto , it would take about four hours [ because of photo and autograph requests ] .
Life does n't end at a particular thing you might have achieved already . I always think that baseball , life in general and everything else I do , is a constant learning process .
Some people praise you , and others critique you . But you take it with a grain of salt because you know what keeps you successful in the first place , anyway . So whoever is happy and satisfied , so be it . And whoever is not , again , so be it .
– As told to Jamie Ross
The longer the Russian war against Ukraine continues , the more likely it is that President Vladimir Putin 's regime will collapse .
Despite Putin 's bluster , the authoritarian regime he has constructed is exceedingly brittle . At the center stands Putin ; surrounding him , the power-hungry loyalists he has folded into his inner circle . Some , called the siloviki , belong to powerful institutions such as the secret police or the army . Others , formally affiliated with various government agencies , are loyal only to Putin . In such a system , sycophantism is rewarded above good governance , empire-building runs rampant , policy loses its effectiveness , and corruption becomes routine .
The neo-tsarist ideology of Russian imperialism , Orthodox revival , and anti-Western Slavophilism that Putin has constructed has limited appeal to the cynical men who help him run Russia . Therefore , Putin 's ability to retain their loyalty rests primarily on his control of the country 's financial resources . Thanks to the record-high energy prices that accompanied his assumption of power in 1999 , Putin was able to personally purloin some $ 45 billion and still have enough money to raise the country 's standard of living , strengthen the Russian military , and keep his cronies happy . No longer . Oil prices have collapsed and are likely to stay low ; Western sanctions are hitting hard ; and the Russian economy is on the downswing .
Sooner or later Putin will be forced to make some cuts , but it is hard to know where that money will come from . Given the ongoing war in Ukraine and his anti-Western ideological crusade , reducing military funding will be unfeasible . And Putin 's popularity would take a serious hit if he were to roll back support to the lower classes . The only option , therefore , may be to stop his cronies from dipping into state coffers , even if doing so will alienate them .
For 15 years , Putin 's record of success won him enormous public support . He crushed the Chechen rebellion , presided over military reforms , built infrastructure , improved the lives of ordinary Russians , and regularly outwitted the West . And then ,
UPDATE 12.20 p.m . ET : Officials confirm at least one person was killed when a roof collapsed at a shopping mall in Elliot Lake , Ont . Up to 30 people now considered unaccounted for , previously that figure was just nine
ELLIOT LAKE , Ont . — Tapping sounds have been heard coming from under the rubble of a horrific mall roof collapse in Elliot Lake , Ont. , as emergency crews prepare for the go-ahead to try to rescue any possible survivors .
But residents of the small northern city are expressing grave concern for the fate of those still unaccounted for in the wake of Saturday 's tragic events .
A source who has been briefed on the recovery effort said this morning that rescuers still believe as many as three people could be trapped alive inside the mall 's wreckage . Authorities do n't know how many casualties there could be beyond the one confirmed death .
“ The truth is no one has a handle on how bad it could be , ” said the official , who requested anonymity because they were n't authorized to speak publicly .
Late Sunday night , police said there were still nine names on the list of those unaccounted for .
Ontario Provincial Police Insp . Percy Jollymore noted that the number had been fluctuating with some names being taken off the list , and others added .
“ The problem with this is there 's no precise science , we do n't know who was in the mall when it collapsed , ” said Jollymore .
Meanwhile , a rescue official said at least two people were trapped in the rubble as crews worked around the clock to stabilize the scene and make it safe enough for search and rescue teams to go in today .
Provincial police said images of the Algo Centre Mall 's partially collapsed car park roof showed a hand and a foot in the dusty debris .
The roof came down with a thunderous crash just before 2:30 p.m. on Saturday , injuring at least 22 people .
Heather Richer owns a restaurant in the mall and was at work when it happened .
“ I 'm hoping everyone 's found , but I 'm giving up hope on whether they 're going to find them alive , ” she said Sunday .
Bianka Manning , a teacher from the local French high school V.F.J. , said she feared a former high school classmate may be trapped among the wreckage .
Manning said her friend worked at the mall 's lottery kiosk , but she did n't know if she was inside the mall when the roof caved in .
Manning and two of her students spent all of Sunday night sitting outside the mall wrapped in blankets , waiting for news .
“ She might be alone in there , but she was n't alone all night , ” said Manning , 36 . “ Somebody was with her — maybe not in there , but we 're out here for her . ”
Manning said her friend used to come in to the school to do mock interviews for students in civics class .
Several candles were lit in front of the mall early this morning .
“ We 're the uranium capital , so they say when you 're from Elliot Lake , you glow in the dark , ” said Manning . “ Hopefully someone 's glowing in there and they 'll find them . ”
“ Everybody 's blaming everybody , but really , who cares ? I 'm more concerned about who 's in there and how are they going to get out of there safely , ” she said .
The two-storey centre , which was built in the early '80s , underwent a structural study in May and received a passing grade , said a source with Eastwood Mall Inc. , which owns the mall .
Work was being done on the roof before the collapse to prevent leaks , but no “ substantial renovations ” were underway , the source said .
Some irate city residents , however , insisted the building was much in need of repairs .
“ The mall 's always had leaks ( and ) roof damage , ” said Jean-Marc Hayward , who was in the mall at the time of the collapse .
The ceiling of the mall always dripped when it rained , he said .
The northern city , once an Ontario mining hub , is located about 160 kilometres west of Sudbury .
Find the National Post on Facebook
With files from The Canadian Press
Disney 's Frozen may be one of the biggest hits this year amongst children , and today they celebrated the movie at the library .
It was Friday Fusion at the Mesa County Central Library , and kids were excited to watch their favorite movie and act like the characters themselves . This program at the library allows children to wind down from a week of hard work , with a movie and themed activities . Today , kids dressed up , made ice sculptures and other fun activities to let loose .
`` For children who have been learning all week , and it 's the end of the week . So they have something fun to do to kind of let down and socialize and have fun , '' said Gail Yerbic , Youth Services at Library .
The library said that kids get so excited about this program that they make their parents change doctor 's appointments so they wo n't miss it . Fusion Friday takes place each week , with a new fun theme .
Thing about writing a novel like this as one 's debut effort is that , from here on out , there 's nowhere to go but down . To wit , Armada . Ernie Cline 's Ready Player One impacted me the same way that Suzanne Collins ' The Hunger Games did . It 's compulsive reading . Cline spins his dystopian quest adventure with supreme vitality and brio and unabashed adoration of all things nerdy . Cyberpunk collides with pop culture nostalgia , and how could you not get nerd out about a book that celebrates iconic elements of the 1980s ? I mean , Family Ties is referenced ! Oingo Boingo gets a mention .
Here comes the plot set-up , and maybe a * * * SPOILER ALERT * * * now .
The year is 2044 , and the global population endures its fourth decade of economic collapse . Huzzah . In a world of fading prospects and rapidly dwindling natural resources , everyone 's favorite pastime is the Oasis , a massive , all-inclusive multiplayer online game that had metamorphosed into a globally networked virtual reality universe what 's now habitually accessed by nearly everyone on the planet . The Oasis has become such a panoptic entity , it 's become synonymous with the Internet . In the Oasis , kids attend virtual school , business offices can purchase virtual landscape to promote their wares , virtual concerts are staged . Who would n't prefer this utopian cyberspace over bleak reality ? When they can look for James Halliday 's fabled Easter egg , nestled somewhere in the vastness of Oasis ?
Eccentric genius video game designer - and creator of Oasis - James Halliday , before dying , recorded a video in which he challenges all comers to seek out his hidden treasure , to first unearth and then figure out the clues he 'd embedded in the fabric of his Oasis program . His Easter egg , when found , conveys untold riches and power and unfettered administrative control over the Oasis . Overnight , the hunt for Halliday 's treasure became the new global recreation . Halliday 's addiction with 1980s pop culture was well documented , and so , too , in their feverish pursuit did these Easter egg hunters - nicknamed `` gunters '' - immerse themselves in Halliday 's obsession , triggering a global revival of 1980s culture . But years and years would elapse before the elusive first clue would surface . Meanwhile , the gunters developed into figures of ridicule .
In the slums of Oklahoma City , in the Stacks - a decaying community in which run-down trailer homes are stacked on top of each other - 18-year-old orphan Wade Watts ekes out a miserable existence . Reclusive and anti-social , Wade is a low-level but dedicated gunter , a walking talking encyclopedia of vintage 1980s facts and trivia . He realizes that his only hope for a better life is to win the game . And so he perseveres when so many have given up . And , even though he 's only a self-declared `` third level wimp , '' he works out the location of the first clue . It 's a life-changing thing .
The virtual scoreboard allows everyone to track his and other competitors ' progress . Wade - or , rather , his avatar Parzival - becomes an instant worldwide celebrity - making him the target of fellow gunters and groupies and the media and , worse , of sinister corporations hungry to seize control of the Oasis . In his quest for Halliday 's holy grail , Wade Watts - alliteratively named by his comic book-reading father - must call on every bit of his tech savvy and knowledge of 1980s culture to outwit his competitors and enemies . He is an awesome character that boasts impressive measures of pluck and resourcefulness and audacity in the face of frightening odds . And Wade Watts only becomes more awesome once he 's compelled to venture out into the real world for survival 's sake .
If the cyberpunk yarns of William Gibson and Neal Stephenson tend to intimidate you , be at ease with Ready Player One . Ernie Cline has crafted an immensely accessible story . He makes you swim in nostalgia . I 'm not a 1980s buff , but I 'm an old cat who actually lived his childhood thru the '80s , and it is so much fun trying to catch all of Cline 's references . Ready Player One is a well-told , richly realized , and incredibly satisfying adventure , one populated by appealing characters . There 's even a sweet love story . Wade engages in an online flirtation with a talented fellow gunter named Art3mis , and so we get a peek into Wade 's gnawing doubts as to what the person beneath the Art3mis avatar is really like ( and even what she really looks like ) . But that 's just misdirection . It 's another character who drops the startling reveal .
`` Unputdownable '' is n't a real word , yet it 's the perfect adjective for this book . I think that everyone , at some level , has a grain of geekness in them . If you 've ever envisioned scenes of your favorite cartoons or animes interacting , if you 've once loved a movie so much that you 've memorized entire passages of its dialogue , or been influenced by a rock song to the extent that you 'd picked up a guitar to learn the chords ... Ernie Cline revives these feelings . Ready Player One moves like a locomotive , and there are scenes in it that will absolutely explode your nerdy brain . Ready Player One was a New York Times Bestseller . It 's soon to be a blockbuster motion picture what 's directed by Steven Spielberg , and , self-deprecating guy that he is , good luck to him trying to tamp down on the book 's references to his movies . I 'm hyped for the movie . But the book came first , and the book will have an even more special place in my nerd heart . It 's easily in my top five favorite reads ever . Ready Player One , yeah , an immersive , imaginative , childhood-mining , unputdownable read . Armada , not so much .
A Chair for Progressives ?
The next few days could be an important turning point for U.S. progressives . During its winter meeting being held in Atlanta , the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) is scheduled to elect a new chair . The results could help many left-leaning activists decide whether it really is possible to reform the Democratic Party , or whether it is time to pursue alternatives .
A top contender rightly opposed by most progressives is Tom Perez , former Obama administration labor secretary and Democratic establishment loyalist . If he wins , it could hasten frustrated Berners ' exit from the Democratic Party . It could well be the last straw for many progressive Democrats in general—coming after the party establishment 's suppression of Sanders in the 2016 primary , its strong backing of fatally flawed Hillary Clinton , and then the related victory of Trump and the Republicans .
By contrast , the other chief competitor for DNC chair is Minneapolis Congressman Keith Ellison , the candidate supported by leading progressives . They 've depicted him as a champion of social and economic justice , who will fight to open up the Democratic Party to its social movement base . However , there is another side to the Ellison story , and ordinary progressives should be aware of it .
Ellison 's own statements raise serious doubts about how much of a change agent he really would be . For example , he has downplayed the party 's mistreatment of its progressive base in 2016 ; he , along with the other DNC chair candidates , has denied that the Democratic primary was rigged . Yet it is clear that election skewing and manipulation did happen . It featured the use of super-delegates to negate the will of the voting majority , significant voter suppression and fraud , and outright DNC collusion with the Clinton campaign . If Ellison does n't admit that this occurred , he probably wo n't strongly promote rule changes that will keep it from recurring .
In fact , Ellison has explicitly refrained from supporting the elimination of super-delegates . Similarly , he has said that if he were elected chair , he would n't mandate a ban on donations from lobbyists ( made largely on behalf of corporations to establishment Democrats ) . Instead , he would put the matter to a vote by DNC members—even though many of them are involved in lobbying ! In light of this refusal to aggressively challenge Democratic business as usual , it should be no surprise that even a Wall Street Democrat like Chuck Schumer has endorsed Ellison .
Party Limits to Reform
Of course , Keith Ellison is n't the root cause of his own political timidity . It is the larger Democratic Party of which he is a part and to which he must appeal as a DNC chair candidate . Most party officials who will be voting for chair are part of an entrenched party machine . Their careers depend on serving the Democratic establishment and its allies , including wealthy donors . And that requires opposing anyone who would seriously push substantial party reforms .
Thus , regardless of who wins the race for DNC chair , the Democratic Party 's deep interests will continue to clash with progressives ' basic goals . As a result , a strong case can be made that left-leaning people must break from the Democratic Party if they want to achieve their aims . Even those who still hope to sway the party could be better off doing it from the outside , where they might pose enough of a partisan threat to exert some real leverage .
Alternatives to the Democrats
For those progressives ready to make the leap to another party , there are various options to consider . To begin with , there are the left third parties that existed prior to 2016 , including but not limited to the Vermont Progressive Party , the Green Party , Socialist Alternative , and the Justice Party . Most of these groups have demonstrated that they are capable of winning elections , under the right conditions and with strong enough candidates . All seem to have gotten some boost from the energy generated by the Sanders campaign .
There also are a couple of bold new attempts by Berners to found their own parties , which may appeal more directly to Bernie 's huge base . One is the Progressive Independent Party ; it aims to create a coalition of third parties and likeminded groups on the left . The other is the Draft Bernie for a People 's Party movement , which actually seeks to recruit Bernie Sanders to found a new progressive populist party .
Arguably , the most intriguing of the above alternatives right now is Draft Bernie—just launched earlier this month . If a popular left figure like Sanders actually agreed to form a new party , it could shake the current party system to its core and finally give progressives a prominent voice in American politics . Many people could be attracted to such a project , as polls show most Americans want a viable third party option and support a wide array of progressive policies .
While recruiting Sanders for a “ people 's party ” may sound like a long-shot effort , his own statements indicate that he remains open to third party politics , and might well go that route if his work to reform the Democrats fails . However , if Bernie does n't eventually do this , the movement for a new party may go forward without him .
PORT-AU-PRINCE ( Reuters ) - Haiti 's interim President Jocelerme Privert defended a government-coordinated storm relief effort on Friday , saying aid had reached some 2 million victims of Hurricane Matthew , amid anger about uneven distribution of food and other materials .
Haiti 's interim President Jocelerme Privert speaks during a news conference at the National Palace in Port-au-Prince , Haiti November 4 , 2016 . REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
The category-4 hurricane hit Haiti a month ago , killing as many as 1,000 people . It wiped out crops , led to a spike in cholera cases and left tens of thousands homeless in the already fragile country .
Privert said the storm cost Haiti $ 2 billion in damage , nearly a quarter of the annual GDP of the poorest country in the Americas .
Haiti has been determined to avoid mistakes made after a devastating 2010 earthquake , when foreigners led the aid effort and billions of dollars were spent with disappointing results .
While United Nations officials and charity leaders publicly praise the government for leading the response to the disaster , critics and some victims say aid has been politicized , with disproportionate supplies distributed to people close to political leaders .
Security forces shot dead at least one person and injured others in clashes over aid delivery in the hard-hit port town of Les Cayes this week , while there have been instances of road blocks and looting in areas where trucks carrying food , hygiene kits , tarps , water and medical supplies pass through .
Privert admitted aid distribution remained a challenge because many communities were still inaccessible . He also said looting and misappropriation of aid were partly to blame for the problems , but said nowhere had been left behind .
“ There is not a single community , accessible or inaccessible , that has not received assistance from the state , ” Privert said , citing medical supplies delivered to Rendel , a community grappling with a cholera outbreak , by helicopter .
Privert did not specify what kind of assistance had reached the 2 million people , saying only that 788 tons of food and non-food items had been delivered . That represents a relatively small amount for each of the 2 million he said received aid .
All communities will be accessible by Nov. 13 , which is also the deadline for restoring functionality to some 300 voting centers before a scheduled presidential election on Nov. 20 , Privert said .
“ No one can prevent the Nov. 20 elections from occurring , ” the interim president said , rejecting a widely held view that it will be difficult to organize a vote with a large swath of the country struggling to recover .
The first round of the presidential election was held on Oct. 25 , but was ultimately scrapped after political leaders alleged widespread fraud .
Privert gave statistics that 546 people died and 128 disappeared in the storm , although local officials have told Reuters that 1,000 people died in the hurricane .
Science is n't like religion in that you ca n't just pick and choose the science you do n't concur with . You ca n't , say , believe in evolution , but not for species you think are gross . Or think gravity is a sound theory but it only pertains to left-handed Oregonians . Or accept atomic theory but only for people named Adam .
You get the idea ; that 's not by definition scientific . If you trust in the rigors of science : evidence , testing , peer review etc.—you 're used to the fact that science is completely indifferent to your feelings . Yes , we all want the sun to revolve around the Earth and for plastic to be nutritious for sea creatures , but in science , wishing it were true does n't make it so .
Religion , on the other hand , gets to be custom fitted . You can be a Christian and if you do n't like the part in the Bible about being happy when smashing babies against rocks ( Psalms 137:9 ) , you can just ignore it . Or if you no longer think it 's kosher to even say publicly , “ I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man ; she must be quiet ( 1 Timothy 2:12 ) , ” you can be mum on that one too . Disagree with slavery ? No problem . Want to wear something besides linen ? That 's fine . Go to Red Lobster religiously ? Still OK .
Islam is the same in that respect . President Obama said ISIS , the insanely well-funded terrorist group ( who are also do n't believe in evolution ) , is n't Islamic . This is how sectarian wars start—one group degrading the piety of another group claiming to be more pure/better/cleaner/uncorrupted then they are . Instead of a holy war about whose god is better , it 's a splinter fight over whom god likes more .
So it 's understandable how religious people—especially religious leaders—bristle at science . They 've grown accustomed to being able to carve out exactly what they like from religious texts , leaving the objectionable stuff behind .
This has led to a bizarre paradox : The Creationist with an iPhone or respectively the Anti-Vaxxer in a Prius . Utilizing science and all its comforts and advances , while being selectively skeptical about what science actually has to offer . Using technology to deny science takes some skilled compartmentalizing . It 's saying you have faith in science enough to post cat gifs on Facebook but not enough for science to contradict your convictions .
There was a time when we thought the Information Superhighway would make everyone more informed , better educated . Instead its enabled the misinformed to find places to permanently nestle in confirmation bias . Misery loves company—as does ignorance .
This week , NASA announced August had been the warmest on record . Climate change is real . There 's not a controversy . There 's an effort to undermine the data by using the word “ controversy. ” The Earth is warming . Period . No amount of “ nu-huh ” will make it not so .
This is the same week when the first car was 3D printed . ( And yes , it 's electric . ) And at this same incredible time in car history , the epicenter of car culture , Los Angeles , is in the throes of a deadly and completely preventable whooping cough epidemic . Children in the most affluent parts of the city are , according to reports , vaccinated at rates on par with the Sudan . This comes from a fear of vaccines sparked by a long-ago debunked , bogus “ study ” linking the shots to autism . Now children are actually dying—three infants in California just this year—from the science-denial of wealthy helicopter parents .
And since I already mentioned ISIS and we 're apparently now at war with them , they do this too . They do n't want Syrian children to learn math but are more than happy to use the technology made possible by math ( namely YouTube ) to post their videos ( also made possible by math ) of their beheadings of innocent captives .
Enough . This is embarrassing .
Think of science as the user agreement you have to say yes to before getting to use technology . In that contract ( we know you have n't read ) is the accord that you—albeit passively—agree in evolution , climate change , vaccinations and math . Otherwise it 's a breach of contract . Go ahead and say “ nu-huh , ” but unless you 're reading this via candlelight in your self-made cabin , you 've already clicked OK .
@ tinadupuy
Photo by JD Hancock
Earlier today , Microsoft began selling a limited number of Microsoft Bands for those of you who have yet to own one . However , as predicted , the Band immediately went out of stock in just a short while . If you own a Microsoft Band , you will want the official companion app called Microsoft Health . This app received a new update today . Here is the official app description :
“ Live healthier and be more productive with the Microsoft Health app for Windows Phone . Achieve wellness goals by tracking your heart rate , steps , calorie burn , and sleep quality . Maximize your fitness with Guided Workouts , 24-hour heart rate monitoring , and automatic activity counting . Be more productive with email previews and calendar alerts at a glance . Take notes and set reminders with your voice using Cortana personal assistant . Personalize your Microsoft Band and get new features as they roll out . ”
In the latest version of the app , Microsoft has corrected the historical views for steps and calories , fixed an issue with zip code validation as well as birth date validation . The app update also improves the handling of 0-minute duration sleep events . Connected apps link is now available at first sign-up . The app update also improves the overall stability of the app .
You can snag the updated app via the download link below .
Share This
Further reading : Microsoft
Georgia running back Todd Gurley . ( Photo : John Bazemore , Associated Press )
Free Press sports writer Dave Birkett breaks down five players to watch at this week 's NFL combine :
CB Marcus Peters , Washington : Peters is considered one of the most talented cornerbacks in a class that is thin up top , and he could challenge Michigan State 's Trae Waynes to be the first corner off the board . But he got kicked off the Washington team last year after multiple bouts of immature behavior , including one time when he reportedly choked an assistant coach at practice . Interviews in Indy will be key .
RB Todd Gurley , Georgia : No running back has gone in the first round of the draft since 2012 , when Trent Richardson went third overall ( how 'd that work out ? ) , but this could be the year that streak ends . It is a deep class of talented runners , led by Gurley and Wisconsin 's Melvin Gordon . Gurley was the best running back in college football until he suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament , and all eyes will be on his medical reports this week .
WR DeVante Parker , Louisville : This should be another good year for receivers , though without an elite talent up top . Parker is one of a handful of pass catchers who could be first off the board at his position . He 's big at 6-feet-3 and 209 pounds , but there are questions about his speed . If he turns heads in the 40 this week , watch him climb into top-10 consideration .
WR Dorial Green-Beckham , Oklahoma : Green-Beckham has n't played football in a year , since he was kicked off the Missouri team after a series of arrests . If talent was the only factor , Green-Beckham would be a top-10 pick . He is 6-feet-4 , well built and oozing with tools . Like Peters , though , he has a lot of explaining to do to smooth over character concerns .
QB Jameis Winston , Florida State : Maybe the top prospect in the entire draft , Winston will be grilled about his host of off-field issues at Florida State , including an alleged sexual assault that he was never charged with . His must-see combine news conference should be Thursday , but the real questions will happen behind closed doors with NFL executives this week , especially those with the first two picks .
Contact Dave Birkett : dbirkett @ freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter @ davebirkett .
by Hugh McQuaid | Apr 30 , 2012 10:15pm ( ) Comments | Commenting has expired | Share
Posted to : Election Policy
In a 83-59 vote , the House passed a bill Monday night allowing for citizens to register to vote and cast a ballot on Election Day .
Rep. Russ Morin , co-chairman of the Government Administration and Elections Committee , said the goal of the bill is to give more people a chance to vote .
“ I think it 's a good thing . If you 're a United States citizen and you 're 18 years old , you have the right to vote and this is going to allow more people to have that opportunity , ” he said .
Morin said there are currently 10 states that allow same day registration . According to an Office of Legislative Research report , before 2011 , eight states had laws allowing people to register to vote on Election Day . One of them , Ohio , removed the law from statute that year .
Under Connecticut 's bill , the secretary of the state would be required to set up an online system for new voter applications that could cross-reference the verifying information provided by the applicant with state and federal databases . The goal is to ensure the person applying to vote is n't already registered somewhere else .
However , opponents like Rep. Tony Hwang , R-Fairfield , said the safeguards in the bill are n't adequate to ensure the integrity of the elections system .
“ Literally , if someone comes in and wants to cast a vote all they need to do is present a utility bill and cast that vote , that vote counts to the total whether it 's been verified or not , ” he said .
Opponents of the bill offered a number of scenarios , in which people found ways to fraudulently vote . But Morin contended that the registration process is the same as the current system . Election Day applicants must swear they are who they say they are and are subject to prosecution if they lie , he said .
“ If someone tried to do something fraudulently they would be dealt with and they would be punished , ” Morin said .
House Minority Leader Lawrence Cafero said the situation is different because it eliminates the seven-day window between Election Day and the last day to register . That window has a “ chilling effect ” on potential fraudulent voters because it gives registrars more time to verify that person was n't registered elsewhere , he said .
“ Whether it 's true or not , at least there 's that specter in someone 's mind that ‘ Boy if I 'm lying here they can check up on me , ' ” he said .
Cafero argued the current system gives people plenty of time to register . Everyone knows when Election Day is and if they do n't register in time they can wait until next year , he said . If lawmakers allow a system where there 's a chance of fraud , they could disenfranchise legitimate voters .
“ I do n't want the potential of my vote being cancelled out by someone who votes illegally . And quite frankly , I do n't give a damn if they get in a lot of trouble , ” he said . “ ... Remember , disenfranchisement works both ways . ”
Hwang questioned how the state would find and prosecute someone who cast a vote that turned out to be fraudulent .
“ A name is a name on a piece of paper . How do you capture that ? ” he asked .
Hwang proposed an amendment that would have required someone looking to register on Election Day provide a photo identification . According to the OLR report , at least 34 states considered bills requiring photo identification to vote in 2011 . Seven states enacted the laws last year .
But the concept is reviled by some elections advocates , who view it as an effort to prevent people from voting . Last week , Gov . Dannel P. Malloy went as far as to call such laws “ racist ” in their intent .
Malloy said they were the most onerous example of restrictions states have placed on voters . In most cases , people have to provide a drivers license , something he said many senior citizens do n't possess .
“ I think it 's the most onerous and the most purposeful , for the purposes of driving down participation , let 's be honest , ” he said .
Morin agreed .
“ Not everyone has a photo ID and I find that to be very restrictive . It 's not a condition of voting today so why would I add that ? ” he asked .
However , Hwang 's amendment contains a mechanism to provide people with photo IDs at no cost . The amendment would pay for the cards by taking money from the Citizens Elections Fund .
“ I think we can do with one less bumper sticker and one less mailing to ensure that everyone who wants to vote has the opportunity to be sure that their vote is secure , valid , and verified , ” he said .
Opponents also had concerns about the extra work the bill will create for registrars who are already busy on Election Day .
“ I can not imagine how my town registrars are going to handle the influx of people who are going to come out under this bill , ” Rep Brenda Kupchick , R-Fairfield , said .
The bill will now move the Senate .
ATHENS , Ohio - Suspended Athens County Sheriff Pat Kelly was led away in handcuffs yesterday after a jury found him guilty of 18 crimes , including engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity . Visiting Judge Patricia A. Cosgrove revoked Kelly 's bond . She said he needed to be incarcerated because he posed a flight risk and his conviction on the corrupt-activity charge , a first-degree felony , carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison .
ATHENS , Ohio � Suspended Athens County Sheriff Pat Kelly was led away in handcuffs yesterday after a jury found him guilty of 18 crimes , including engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity .
Visiting Judge Patricia A. Cosgrove revoked Kelly�s bond . She said he needed to be incarcerated because he posed a flight risk and his conviction on the corrupt-activity charge , a first-degree felony , carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison .
Kelly , 64 , could face even more prison time if the judge orders the sentences for his convictions to run consecutively . Cosgrove set sentencing for March 20 .
Kelly�s conviction automatically disqualifies him from being sheriff , a position that he said was his �heartbeat� and his lifelong dream .
Interim Sheriff Rodney Smith will remain in the post . He was appointed last year by county Democratic Party leaders after Kelly was placed on paid suspension from the $ 69,372-a-year job .
The jury in Athens County Common Pleas Court deliberated for about 16 hours over two days .
Jury members convicted Kelly of 18 counts from a 25-count indictment .
He was convicted of 12 of 13 theft-in-office charges that he faced , and three of four theft charges . He also was convicted of perjury and failure to keep a cashbook .
The jury acquitted him of money laundering , tampering with evidence and tampering with records , and of the misdemeanor offenses of obstructing official business and dereliction of duty .
Cosgrove ordered a gag order to remain in place , so the attorneys did not comment after the verdicts .
Kelly�s wife , Debra , mouthed �I love you� to him and pressed a tissue to her eyes as he was led away .
Jurors found that Kelly illegally pocketed the cash proceeds from eight sales of county vehicles and other metal items to a local salvage yard , with each transaction for less than $ 1,000 . They also found he illegally converted campaign checks to his personal use in an amount of more than $ 1,000 and less than $ 7,500 .
Kelly , a Democrat who was elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2012 , began to use the sheriff�s office to misspend public money within months of being sworn into office in 2009 , state special prosecutor Melissa A. Schiffel told jurors on Tuesday in her closing arguments .
�He was padding his pockets , � she said .
Kelly testified during the trial that he used the scrap-sale and cash-box money to pay two confidential informants who were helping him investigate illegal drug activity and public corruption by county elected officials . He also defended spending public money on restaurant meals .
Kelly�s attorney , Scott Wood , said in his closing arguments that the sheriff made record-keeping mistakes but didn�t mean to .
�Although the sheriff is human , and he made mistakes , there was no criminal intent in anything he did , and as a result , he is not guilty of all these charges , � Wood said .
mlane @ dispatch.com
@ MaryBethLane1
Texas is doubling down on the fight against Friday 's ruling by the Supreme Court legalizing gay marriage . On Sunday , state attorney general Ken Paxton issued a statement calling the SCOTUS ruling `` lawless '' and declaring that county clerks could refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , citing religious objections .
The religious liberties of TX public officials remain constitutionally protected after # ObergefellvHodges : https : //t.co/RFZBXOq30G # txlege — Ken Paxton ( @ KenPaxtonTX ) June 28 , 2015
In the statement , Paxton says :
“ Indeed , for those who respect the rule of law , this lawless ruling presents a fundamental dilemma : A ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court is considered the law of the land , but a judge-made edict that is not based in the law or the Constitution diminishes faith in our system of government and the rule of law . ''
Friday , # SCOTUS again ignored the text and spirit of the Constitution to manufacture a right that simply does not exist . # txlege # tcot — Ken Paxton ( @ KenPaxtonTX ) June 28 , 2015
The reach of the Court 's opinion stops at the door of the First Amendment and our laws protecting religious liberty . # txlege # tcot — Ken Paxton ( @ KenPaxtonTX ) June 28 , 2015
Paxton 's statement cites freedom of religion as outlined in the First Amendment as the reasoning for allowing clerks to deny the licenses :
`` ... we find that although it fabricated a new constitutional right in 2015 , the Supreme Court did not diminish , overrule , or call into question the First Amendment rights to free exercise of religion that formed the first freedom in the Bill of Rights in 1791 . ''
While our religious liberties are indisputably our first freedom , we should not let them be our last . RT if you agree ! — Ken Paxton ( @ KenPaxtonTX ) June 29 , 2015
Paxton 's statement follows a declaration from Texas governor Greg Abbott on Friday that he , too , would continue to fight the SCOTUS ruling .
`` Be strong and courageous . Do not be afraid ; do not be discouraged , for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go. ” Joshua 1:9 — Greg Abbott ( @ GregAbbott_TX ) June 28 , 2015
Texas is hardly alone in refusing to abide by the Supreme Court 's ruling . Both Louisiana and Mississippi have said they will wait on issuing licenses . Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal issued a statement echoing Gov . Abbott 's statement and Alabama governor Robert Bentley , no stranger to the battle over issuing same-sex marriage licenses , is also digging in to fight the ruling .
Regardless of today 's ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court , I still believe in a one man and one woman definition of marriage . — Gov . Robert Bentley ( @ GovernorBentley ) June 26 , 2015
Those anti-same-sex marriage views are also shared by several GOP presidential candidates . Meanwhile , Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders , issued statements emphatically supporting the Supreme Court 's decision .
And in Texas , despite the efforts of Gov . Abbott and AG Paxton , marriage licenses have been issued to same-sex couples .
Posted 10/16/08 . Originally published in LF Examiner , October 2008 .
Is IMAX the next `` New Coke '' ?
An editorial by James Hyder , Editor/Publisher
In April 1985 , the CEO of Coca-Cola held a press conference in New York City to announce that the company was changing the century-old formulation of its famous soft drink . The new version was officially given the “ Coca-Cola ” name , and production of the original formula was halted that week .
The new soda , which became widely ( but unofficially ) known as “ New Coke , ” had received favorable reactions in taste tests and focus groups . But ultimately , millions of customers , angered that the company would suddenly change the product it had labeled “ The Real Thing , ” pressured it to reintroduce the original flavor . The company hurriedly returned it to store shelves less than three months later , re-branded as “ Coke Classic. ” Coke executives were widely ridiculed for underestimating their customers ' devotion to the brand and for their perceived highhandedness in tinkering with a classic .
In September 2008 , Richard Gelfond , co-CEO of Imax Corporation , told members of the Giant Screen Cinema Association that “ we do n't think of [ IMAX ] as the giant screen. ” Rather , he said , “ it is the best immersive experience on the planet . ”
The company takes this position because it has chosen not to differentiate its new digital projection system in any way from the 15/70 film systems it has been installing in giant-screen theaters since 1970 . This despite the fact that , according to Imax VP Larry O'Reilly , its two major digital partners , AMC Entertainment and Regal Entertainment Group , both originally wanted to brand the new screens as “ IMAX Digital. ” And based on the reaction Gelfond 's announcement received in New York ( and on many conversations I 've had since ) many , if not most , institutional IMAX operators would prefer this as well . In short , virtually all of Imax 's customers and partners would like to see a distinct new identity for the digital system .
But Gelfond flatly rejected this possibility , offering an absurdly flawed analogy with BMW automobiles . He said that the German carmaker offers the 7-series line of larger , more powerful , luxury models as well as the smaller , entry-level 3-series cars . “ People do n't say ‘ The 3 is n't a real BMW because it 's smaller . ' ”
Of course , this ignores the fact that the model numbers , to say nothing of the prices , clearly distinguish BMW 's different product lines in consumers ' minds , while maintaining the unity of the brand . No car buyer believes he has bought a $ 125,000 760Li only to receive a $ 30,000 328i .
Yet this is the position in which Imax is now putting customers who pay $ 15 to see films at ( for instance ) New York City 's AMC Empire 25 IMAX digital theater , with its 28x58-foot ( 8.5x18 meter ) screen . They see the IMAX name on the theater and have no idea until after their ticket has been torn and they walk into the auditorium that that screen is about the same size as the one in the adjacent 35mm auditorium , and less than a quarter the size of the one in the AMC Lincoln Square IMAX 15/70 theater , 26 blocks away . The screen in the older film theater is 76x98 feet ( 23x30 meters ) . Here 's a graphic representation of the difference :
Gelfond explained that the company feared an “ IMAX Digital ” brand might cast the older film-based theaters as “ second-class citizens ” in the public 's mind , since “ digital ” generally has connotations of “ newer , ” and “ cooler . ”
Although this apparent concern for museums and other “ old school ” operators is touching , it seems far more likely that the company was worried that ticket buyers who noticed the difference between the average 4,800 square-foot ( 450 square-meter ) 15/70 film screen and a digital one 1,250 square feet ( 120 square-meters ) in area would n't return to the smaller if they could see the same movie on the larger .
In other words , “ IMAX Digital ” might become the next “ New Coke. ” Widespread public preference for the “ classic ” experience would harm Imax 's return on the tens of millions of dollars it is investing in the 170+ joint venture deals it has signed .
The “ wow ” factor
Gelfond claimed that the company only puts IMAX digital systems into multiplex auditoriums that meet certain criteria . He jokingly said , “ It 's a very scientific test . It 's called the ‘ wow ' factor . So if you do n't go in and go ‘ wow , ' we wo n't do it . ”
In more than 24 years in the business , I have personally been in 132 giant-screen theaters of all brands , formats , and sizes , including four MPX ( 15/70 film ) theaters and five IMAX digital screens . I may be jaded , but none of those nine coaxed even a faint “ wow ” from my lips , because all were merely ordinary multiplex houses that had been modified slightly . The seating rake was unchanged and nowhere near the 20–25-degree angle that is standard in purpose-built IMAX theaters . The room 's depth , from the screen to the last row , may have been reduced slightly by moving the screen forward and removing a few rows of seats . But most were still significantly deeper than the width of the screen , thus providing the audience a narrower ( i.e. , less immersive ) average field of view .
But most importantly , of course , the screens were only a fraction of the size of a “ real ” IMAX theater screen . And all were shorter , 1.9-aspect-ratio screens , not the tall 1.44 screens of classic IMAX theaters . And let 's face it , the biggest aspect of the “ wow ” factor is height . It does n't take a rocket scientist to see that even a very wide screen is not nearly as impressive as a one that towers six or eight stories high .
The screen door effect
Using two high-powered digital projectors , the IMAX digital system projects an image that is bright , with good contrast and slightly better resolution than other digital projectors . But every IMAX digital theater I 've been in has also had a noticeable “ screen door effect , ” that is , a visible dark grid pattern separating the pixels . It is particularly noticeable in lighter image areas , and is less visible the farther you are from the screen . But even with my 53-year-old eyes , I was able to see it from the front half of most of the five theaters I 've been in . If you move back to eliminate the pattern , your field of view becomes narrower , and hence no different than an ordinary movie theater .
At the New York demonstration , I was seated in the fourth row next to a long-time IMAX theater manager . I had not said anything to him about my perceptions of the IMAX digital theaters I had already seen . But the moment the first image came up on the screen — it was the MPAA rating card for the first trailer — I heard a gasp as he noticed the screen door pattern that made the card 's white-on-green text look “ jaggy. ” He later confirmed being stunned at how obvious and distracting the pattern was .
Although many people I spoke with after the demo shared this reaction , to my surprise not everyone found the pattern as noticeable or distracting as I had . Some did n't see it , others did , but did n't mind it as much .
But for me it is clearly the biggest reason to say , “ This is not IMAX. ” I grant that the image is bright and contrasty , and has good color . And it only took hearing a shuttle launch in Space Station 3D to know that the new sound system is fully up to IMAX standards . I might even be willing to compromise on the aspect ratio .
But IMAX — real IMAX — presents reality . Not reality as seen through a screen door .
And even though it beats conventional 2K for brightness and contrast , IMAX digital is not , in my opinion , better than Sony 's 4K SXRD system . At ShoWest in Las Vegas last spring , I saw 21 in 4K on a screen that was at least 60 feet wide , maybe bigger . I intentionally took a seat less than one screen-height from the screen , right next to David and Patricia Keighley , as it happened . I found the Sony 's image to be bright , contrasty , and sharp , and as good or better than film would have been at that size . And most importantly , I could n't see any pixels or patterns .
Conclusions
Let me make one thing clear : I am not opposed to digital projection in principle , or to the IMAX digital system in particular . I think the change to digital projection in the giant-screen world is inevitable . And I fully admit that the IMAX digital system is superior , in certain respects , to some other digital systems .
But I object when anyone claims that two patently different things are the same . Where I come from that 's known as “ lying. ” And call me naïve , but I do n't believe that any company whose business plan is based on deceiving its customers can succeed with that strategy for very long .
Imax Corporation , whose very name means “ image maximum , ” has spent four decades persuading the public that that name is synonymous with “ big , ” with giant screens , with an experience that is completely unlike that of conventional multiplex cinema .
If , for perfectly understandable business reasons , Imax now has to move into those smaller screens , let it distinguish this new product from the other screens in that theater , as a “ premium multiplex experience , ” as Sydney 's Mark Bretherton has suggested .
But expecting the ticket-buying public to believe that that experience is identical to one on a screen three or four times larger is insulting . People who have been to a true giant-screen theater will realize they have been misled , and will be disappointed , if not angry . Those who have n't will wonder what the big deal about IMAX is , and will assume that any real giant-screen theater they come across in the future has nothing better to offer and perhaps never will have the real IMAX Experience .
By not distinguishing between two different products , Imax has degraded its brand with all customers . And far from protecting the film-based theaters from second-class status , it has lowered the public 's perception of all IMAX theaters . This has even led some theaters in the institutional segment to consider dropping the IMAX brand from their marketing and perhaps even their signage . When your oldest customers want to disassociate themselves from your brand , something is wrong .
The tragic irony is that , forty years after Imax Corp. started trying to persuade Hollywood to shoot with IMAX cameras , the success of Chris Nolan 's The Dark Knight , the first to do so , has finally encouraged several other directors to follow suit . Three or four coming films may incorporate 15/70 footage . And yet , by the time these movies open , the majority of IMAX theaters may be digital screens with 1.9 aspect ratios that make the dramatic transitions in resolution and image size all but invisible . What a waste !
The lesson from Coca-Cola is clear : Although the “ New Coke ” incident was initially perceived as embarrassing to management , the company 's reputation was ultimately enhanced by its prompt response to customer concerns . With two distinct products , “ Coke Classic ” and “ New Coke , ” sales rocketed and the company regained the top market position it had lost to Pepsi years earlier . It has remained number one ever since .
At Solid State we 've been building apps for startups and corporates for years . With a big focus on rapid development I 've seen all the mistakes , and made a few myself . This is my quick guide to bypass some of the horror .
1 : It 's okay to CHEAT
If you can buy a service instead of building it , do that . Always do that . If you can cheat a way out of not building something , do that as well . If you can cheat a way around getting users , or getting yourself heard , or getting some press , do that too .
A good example of a nice shortcut we made was when we were building Dugout FC . We wanted players to be able to upload a profile picture , but we knew that this was a really painful problem . Image resizing , cropping , people uploading different file formats , aspect ratios , supporting older browsers . Just all really painful , for what is a pretty simple feature from the user 's point of view .
We thought there must be a better way of cheating with this feature , and straight away found UploadCare . For 25 bucks a month , we can avoid ALL of that development effort . Drop in some JS tags and we were done . That saved us dozens of hours of development and debugging effort , allowing us to spend more time and money on more important features .
There is a big list of cheats at the end of this article .
2 : It 's NEVER about the tech
DO NOT START WITH THE TECH . Start with the business , always . Customer development . Market size . Competition . Whats the PR and marketing landscape ?
GET AWAY FROM THE COMPUTER . Go outside . Talk to people . Ask hard questions . Read The Mom Test . Never assume . Be inquisitive .
DO NOT CODE . Play devil 's advocate . And then play it again . Imagine the worst case scenario . Have an answer to the question “ how will you get users ” . Then stop and think about it again and come up with a better answer .
DO NOT INIT A GIT REPOSITORY . Build a landing page . NOT WITH THAT AMAZING NEW STATIC SITE GENERATOR . DO IT WITH SQUARESPACE ; I SAID DO NOT CODE AND I MEANT IT .
3 : Build with what you know
If you want to learn Pheonix , Elixir and BEAM , fine . If you want to build a startup product quickly , use what you know . That framework and language you 've known for years ? The one you really have no interest in using ? Use that ( as long as it 's not Perl ; do n't use Perl ) .
Make sure that you have some sort of half-baked ( or even fully baked , but if half baked is quicker and works , why even bother with fully baked ) continuous delivery setup working from the start . Use Heroku or Flynn or Dokku or AppEngine or something like that .
Do n't worry about hosting costs ; statistically speaking your idea will probably fail anyway . Worry about that , not about the extra 10 bucks a month you spent hosting it . Being able to deploy often will help with your product development . Get it set up from the start to make sure you have maximised the benefit .
Do not SSH into anything , ever . If you have the need of an SSH client whilst building your MVP , you 're doing it wrong .
4 : Analytics Analytics Analytics
Probably the most important thing to come out of an MVP is data related to product-market fit . If you are n't capturing that data , or you have n't defined what you need to capture in order to make that call , you 're largely wasting your time . Watch this video and digest it all . Think about what your key metric or metrics are .
We really like Segment for tracking data . It allows you to enable and disable different analytics platforms easily and without the need for any app deployments . Other good platforms that have a generous free tier are MixPanel and Amplitude .
Think about user attribution . Use Branch .
Do n't go mad . It 's tempting to start tracking every single piece of data possible . That can be a rabbit hole you really do n't want to go down , and will just make the job of analysing your data all the more complicated . Focus on capturing data that will enable you to evaluate your key metrics , and leave it at that .
5 : Scaling does n't matter
Really , it does n't . Estimate how much traffic you will get if things start going really well . Then divide that number by 10 . That 's probably more accurate . If you have a scaling problem , you 're on the right track . Scaling problems are things you should hope for , not develop for .
These days it 's so cheap and easy to get incredible performance improvements with some low-hanging fruit and a memcache instance .
Performance , on the other hand , does matter . There are some things that you should n't ignore , and making sure your MVP is fast , responsive and provides a high fidelity experience out of the gate is important . It 's not hard to do ; just follow the best practise and keep things simple .
MY BIG CHEAT LIST
There 's a bunch of stuff you can cheat with .
Twitter Digits - Authorise mobile users with SMS .
UploadCare - As discussed above .
Segment - Explained in more detail below .
Flynn - Do n't worry about deployment or hosting - just use Flynn . It 's just incredibly good .
Back4App - For push notifications .
We 've also open sourced a couple of libraries that work really nicely with React Native and Firebase :
Ben Rometsch is the founder of Solid State Group
At SSG we remember the Roundabout before it was Silicon . When we moved into our Old Street office , there were only a handful of tech startups in the neighbourhood – and 14 years later , we 're still going strong .
We 've seen hype cycles go full circle and dotcom bubbles burst . We 've seen the latest tech become legacy tech . And we remain at the heart of it all , working with startups and corporations alike , swiftly creating and transforming systems that are built to last .
We do n't get carried away by the latest tech trends , but our engineers know a good idea when they see one . ( They 've come up with a few of their own too . ) That 's why we 've earned the long-term trust of brands like BA , Unilever , VISA and Disney . And it 's also why so many startups trust our judgement when planning their future .
Immunology Professor Dennis Burton studies a number of viruses , including the Ebola virus .
SALT LAKE CITY — An Illinois man is accused of sexually abusing a 3-year-old boy during a flight from Chicago to Salt Lake City , according to federal court records filed in Utah .
Passengers on a Delta Air Lines flight contacted Salt Lake City Airport police Monday night to report that a man on the plane had sexually abused a child , FBI agent Dustin Grant wrote in an affidavit used to obtain an arrest warrant for Kevin Charles Matthews .
Grant interviewed the alleged victim 's parents , two passengers and Matthews . The boy 's parents said no one in the family was able to sit together on the plane because they were `` flying standby . '' The child was seated next to Matthews , while the boy 's mother was seated in the same row , but across the center aisle from her son , Grant wrote .
`` Before the flight started , ( the mother ) was concerned about ( her son ) sitting by himself , but immediately noticed Matthews being helpful and friendly with ( her son ) , '' the agent wrote .
During the flight , Matthews let the boy play with his iPad and iPhone , according to witnesses . The boy 's mother told Grant she `` could n't really see what was going on the entire time '' because of where she was sitting .
A woman sitting behind Matthews told investigators that Matthews `` appeared to be drunk and was extremely friendly and 'handsy ' with ( the boy ) , '' the FBI agent wrote .
Kevin Charles Matthews , 48 , is charged in U.S. District Court in Salt Lake City with abusive sexual contact . The Illinois man is accused of inappropriately touching a 3-year-old boy who was sitting next to him during a flight Monday from Chicago to Salt Lake City . The case is filed in federal court because the alleged offense took place on board a commercial flight . ( Photo : Salt Lake County Jail )
`` This meant that Matthews was constantly giving ( the boy ) high fives and asking ( the boy ) if Matthews could hold ( his ) hand , '' Grant wrote . `` ( The woman ) thought that this behavior was odd , and an inappropriate way for a stranger to behave with a child . ''
Another woman sitting behind Matthews and the boy agreed that the behavior was `` inappropriate and concerning , '' the agent wrote .
The first woman told Grant that near the end of the flight she could see that the boy appeared to be asleep and Matthews repeatedly looked over toward the boy 's mother , court records show .
`` ( The woman ) was concerned about this behavior and stood up to check on ( the boy ) , '' Grant wrote .
The woman told the agent that Matthews ' had his open hand on the sleeping boy 's groin . She said she confronted Matthews , who denied doing anything wrong and moved his hand to the boy 's leg , court records show .
The woman called for a flight attendant and then notified the boy 's mother , Grant wrote .
Matthews , 48 , of Chicago , told the agent he 'd had `` four of five glasses of wine '' before and during the flight . `` Matthews explained that he was never drunk on the flight and was completely functional , aware and in control of his actions , '' Grant wrote .
The man initially denied ever asking the boy to hold his hand , Grant wrote . `` Later in the interview , Matthews stated that he remembered asking ( the boy ) to hold his hand and did so during takeoff . ''
The agent added that Matthews told him he never put his hand on the boy 's groin ; however , Matthews also said `` it was possible that he touched ( the boy ) , but if he did touch ( him ) , it was an accident . ''
Matthews is charged in U.S. District Court with abusive sexual contact . On Wednesday , a federal magistrate set bail at $ 10,000 and ordered Matthews to have no contact with minors without permission . He is also barred from traveling without the court 's permission and must submit to electronic monitoring .
The case against Matthews was filed in federal court because the alleged crime happened in `` the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States , '' court records show .
×
Photos
By Hubert Walker for CoinWeek … .
In an email dated March 14 , Michael White of the United States Mint 's Office of Corporate Communications released the following design candidates for the obverse and reverse of the American Liberty High Relief Gold coin .
Obverse
Reverse
* * *
The Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee ( CCAC ) will discuss these and other designs–including candidates for the 2017 American Eagle Platinum Proof coin and the 2017 Boys Town Centennial commemorative coin program–at their public meeting today , March 15 . The meeting runs from 9:30 A.M. Eastern Time ( ET ) to 3:30 P.M . There is a “ listen-only ” conference number for interested members of the public ; dial ( 866 ) 564-9287 and follow the prompts to enter access code 62956028 .
The open line is “ listen-only ” , so please be courteous and mute your phone if you do choose to call .
CoinWeek will keep you updated on these designs and the rest of the CCAC 's agenda as the day progresses – be sure to check us out on Twitter and Facebook .
Come and join Ulster Bank for a weekend of intense fintech creation and innovation at NDRC , Dublin !
Would you like to contribute to a more open and agile Ulster Bank , 2020 ?
Want to create a new App or idea that could form the ‘ next big service ' for banking ?
A ‘ hackathon ' is a creative marathon of brainstorming and software creation in which the prototypes of mobile and web applications are quickly ‘ hacked ' together by small teams of software engineers , designers and other innovators .
Ulster Bank together with the Open Bank Project invites you to the 8th edition of Hack ( Make ! ) The Bank which will be held from January 30th to February 1st at NDRC in Dublin .
Hack ( Make ! ) the Bank is a global series of Fin Tech Hackathons which are dedicated to realising tomorrow 's banking and financial solutions . This hackathon will bring together programmers , designers and members of the financial services industry to debate , design , code and pitch ideas on themes related to the challenges set below .
Developers wo n't have access to real customer data but will instead use the Open Bank Project API ‘ sandbox ' to simulate access to customer data and banking services as well as other API 's and data sets .
EXCLUSIVE : There has been a change in the CW ‘ s plans for The Flash . Originally , the character , played by Grant Gustin , was supposed to appear in three episodes of Arrow this season — No . 8 , No . 9 and No . 20 , the last one serving as a backdoor pilot directed by David Nutter . Episodes 8 and 9 , in which the superhero is introduced only as his alter ego Barry Allen , have already been shot . But now the CW has opted to film a traditional stand-alone Flash pilot instead of doing a backdoor pilot as Arrow ‘ s Episode 20 . With Episodes 8 and 9 serving as an origin story , the plan was for The Flash character to make his debut — red costume and all — in Arrow ‘ s Episode 20 . He will now do it in the pilot . The creative team remains the same , with Arrow co-creators Greg Berlanti and Andrew Kreisberg and series scribe Geoff Johns writing the pilot and Nutter , who helmed the pilot for Arrow , directing . Berlanti , Kreisberg and Nutter executive produce , with Melissa Kellner Berman co-executive producing .
The decision was made after CW brass saw cuts of Episodes 8 and 9 , which have been very well received . Filming a stand-alone Flash pilot would allow the creators to better flesh out the superhero 's story and his world on a bigger budget , as pilot budgets are significantly higher than episodic ones . While no longer a full-blown spinoff , The Flash still will be tethered to the Arrow universe since the the character ( as Barry Allen ) will first be introduced there . In light of the pilot order , it is unclear whether Episode 20 of Arrow will feature the Flash or any reference to him . The Arrow producers are expected to discuss their ideas for the episode with the CW this coming week . On Arrow , Barry Allen ( Gustin ) is a Central City assistant police forensics investigator who arrives in Starling to look into a series of unexplained robberies that may have a connection to a tragedy in his past . A comic book fanboy , Barry is obsessed with the Arrow unaware that working with Oliver and Felicity to solve the crime has brought him right into the dangerous world of the vigilante .
BTCjam , a P2P marketplace started in 2012 to borrow and lend using bitcoin announced the company has made “ the difficult decision ” to close up .
The notice stated that the regulatory challenges around bitcoin and the difficulties faced in introducing bitcoin technology to poor communities around the world were beyond its capacity .
No new loans can be made from today onward , and users will have until July 1 , 2018 , to withdraw any bitcoin stored with the company .
All borrowers with active loans can keep repaying them normally . The repayment functionality will remain available until all the loans have reached their term and either been fully repaid or have defaulted . After that , the website will be reduced to a simpler version that will only allow the withdrawal of remaining BTC balances .
The BTCjam team said :
“ We extend sincere thanks to all our lenders , borrowers , collaborators , investors , and everyone who believed in our dream of working together to provide access to fair credit without borders . It 's a mission we still believe in . ”
“ In the past four years , we have serviced more than 20,600 loans in 122 countries , totaling more than 64,000 bitcoins loaned . We have helped thousands of people around the world and are proud that we changed lives for the better . ”
Closure FAQ
Q : Will I still be able to withdraw my bitcoin ?
A : Yes , you can withdraw your bitcoin until July 1 , 2018 . BTCjam is not intended to be used as a wallet , so please do n't leave your withdrawal to the last minute !
Q : I 'm currently repaying my loan . Can I keep paying it off ?
A : Yes , all website functionality will remain available until all the loans are fully repaid or have defaulted .
Q : Who can I contact if I have questions about how this closure affects my BTCjam account ?
A : Please email : support @ btcjam.com
-TForge- ,
Great game
True skate is a very fun , easy to learn mobile skating game , I would recommend this game to any skater that ca n't find a good skating game for mobile . I think this game is worth the price except for two things . One , you can play this game for a while but after a week or two of playing a lot , you get bored of the starting map but you are forced to pay more money for a game that already costed you money , although all the extra maps are good , you have to pay for something in game even though you already paid for the game , which is very annoying . Two , unless this is just me , or it 's an actual bug for everyone , or this is something that the developers added to the game purposefully for some reason , I honk it needs to be fixed ASAP . Every time that I crash or something like that , my board basically stops working and starts being very hard to move around and do tricks with and starts being very floppy , every time I move it starts bumping up and down like something is there , and it is very annoying and I restart my game every time it starts because it is basically impossible to do a trick successfully . Apart from these two things though , this game is very fun
At what point does a business operation become a labour of love ?
Steveston 's Colin Elmes is pretty much living that moment right now , even after running TSS Academy , a local soccer training school for up-and-coming young players , over the better part of two decades .
article continues below
That 's because he acquired a soccer team franchise that will play in the PDL ( Premier Development League ) , what Elmes considers to be the third tier in the professional game on this continent , kicking off play in May .
“ Most people in the soccer community looked at us as if we had three eyes , ” Elmes quipped . “ But we have , over the past 20 years , carved out a living and made some money with TSS . So , with what we 've had to go through to maintain our business in the soccer world locally , I think we 're the guys who can make this work .
“ We 're going to give it our best shot . ”
Elmes said he is bankrolling the endeavour with the TSS Rovers , which is designed to attract mostly college and university aged players , all of whom are expected to be Canadian , many of them repatriated from NCAA teams in the U.S .
But does operating a team make good business sense ?
“ The business side of it for us is really about creating a pathway where there is a top , something for the players , on the male side of things , to aspire to , ” he said , adding that TSS has a record of placing the majority of their high school age players with colleges and universities .
But when it comes to soccer in North America , the sports ownership landscape has been littered with plenty of examples where ventures collapsed in spectacular fashion . Well-financed clubs in the old NASL such as the New York Cosmos — which was backed by Warner Communications — did n't survive . And even the Vancouver Whitecaps , playing in arguably the Canadian hotbed of the sport in the late 70s and early 80s , disappeared as attendance here , and around the rest of the league , waned and the bills mounted .
Elmes knows this all too well as a young fan of the NASL era Whitecaps . But he is optimistic the roots created by his soccer academy a generation later , the rise in exposure to the sport through the MLS Whitecaps and wall-to-wall TV coverage of the game from around the globe will encourage fans to give his new team a look .
“ Our goal is to have 10,000 people come through in our eight games . And if we reach that I 'd be absolutely over the moon , ” said Elmes , who will also serve as the Rovers ' head coach .
That would go a long way in repaying the cost of purchasing the PDL franchise ( new ones cost $ 50,000 in U.S. dollars ) and the first year of operating the Rovers is expected to be somewhere in the $ 120,000 to $ 150,000 mark .
Elmes managed to secure an existing PDL team — the Crossfire Premier side from Redmond , Washington — for less and moved it north of the border . He declined to divulge just how much of a discount he managed to get .
The team will play in the PDL 's six-team , Northwest Division along with Calgary Foothills FC , Lane United FC from Eugene , Oregon , Portland Timbers U23 , Seattle Sounders U23 and Victoria Highlanders FC . All home games will be at Burnaby 's Swangard Stadium .
“ Swangard was a huge component of this , ” he said . “ If we had tried to go to a local park and put fencing around it to create a stadium atmosphere , which the league demands , it would n't have provided us with the cachet Swangard has .
“ Any soccer fan who has grown up around here knows what that place means . It 's an iconic place , ” he added .
When it comes to the players turning out in the Rovers ' red and black strip , they will not be paid , although the club will help with some expenses .
On the other side of the business ledger , to create a revenue stream , the Rovers will charge $ 70 for seven home PDL matches , plus a special eighth exhibition match against a team with a higher profile .
Individual game tickets will cost $ 10 for adults and $ 7 for those under 12 .
Sponsorship is a large part of many sports team 's viability and the Rovers operation is making efforts to firm up support through the many connections TSS has established over the years .
Once Elmes was sure the deal to acquire the PDL franchise was going to be accepted by the league , he brought together a group of “ soccer crazy ” individuals who also possessed some business clout to form a board of advisors .
“ They are people who are connected to our ( soccer ) world from the past , ” Elmes said , “ parents who have had kids in our programs and who are keenly motivated to support local soccer . And they are pretty strong-willed and financially capable people , who if they are not willing to contribute some kind of sponsorship themselves , they know people who would . ”
It 'll fry pacemakers , destroy iPhones , and turn laptops into useless paperweights . It 's the scariest thing most people outside the Washington Beltway have never heard of : electromagnetic pulse weapons .
And you can learn all about it starting today at the EMPACT conference in Niagara Falls , New York .
Electromagnetic pulse , or EMP , is a burst of electromagnetic radiation that fries electronics , from satellites to toaster ovens . The effects of a nuclear EMP were first observed after the 1962 Starfish Prime nuclear test , which knocked out satellites and electronics . EMP weapons are specifically designed to maximize this electronics-killing effect , which can be done by detonating a high-altitude nuclear explosion . Though the effect is most commonly associated with a nuclear blast , the U.S. military , among others , has been looking at conventional weapons that harness the EMP effect . Those who worry about these weapons say that a single EMP attack could shut down the continental United States , creating mass havoc caused by the breakdown in infrastructure .
As the conference description notes : `` Two Congressional Commissions , the EMP Commission and the Strategic Posture Commission , have warned that terrorists , rogue states , China and Russia could , using a single crude nuclear weapon delivered by a primitive missile , inflict an EMP attack that would cause the collapse of critical civilian infrastructures–such as infrastructures for electric power , telecommunications , transportation , banking and finance , food and water–across the entire continental United States , that are vital alike for the sustenance of our modern society and the survival of its citizens . ''
Concerns about EMP weapons have long attracted a devoted band of doomsdayers , including Roscoe Bartlett , the Republican congressman from Maryland , and former representative Curt Weldon , who has warned of plasma attack weapons ( a non-nuclear EMP ) . Both are speakers at the EMPACT conference .
Though well known and a source of lively debate among policy wonks and nuclear weapons scientists for decades , the threat of EMP weapons have n't made much headway into popular culture ( and a number of scientists dispute the danger of such weapons ) . The organizers of the conference , EMPACT America Inc. are trying to change the popular perception of EMP with the conference , as well as with Armageddon-esque videos like this :
As an interesting aside , the conspiracy-plagued High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program , or HAARP , the radar array in Alaska , has been proposed as a facility that could be used to research ways to `` scrub '' the upper atmosphere , mitigating the effects of EMP .
Also :
Before they were bitter political rivals , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were friendly with each other ; Clinton and her husband , former president Bill Clinton , even attended Trump 's 2005 wedding . But in a new clip from the upcoming documentary Trumped : Inside the Greatest Political Upset of All Time , the current president explains that he found the Clinton-Trump dynamic a bit more transactional than anything else .
Describing their interaction at Trump 's nuptials as “ friendly , a little bit friendly , ” Trump says in the new clip ( seen below ) that his connection to the Clintons was fueled by business .
“ They were nice , I was nice . But it 's business . You know the old story : it 's not personal , it 's business , ” Trump says to reporters Mark Halperin and John Heilemann during a taped conversation from March of last year . Told that his “ old story ” originated with the mafia , Trump adds , “ That 's all right . It happens to be true . ”
Trump 's comment was initially made famous by The Godfather . In Francis Ford Coppola 's film , lead character Michael Corelone ( Al Pacino ) tells his brother Sonny ( James Caan ) that retribution against the men who tried to take their father 's life is “ not personal , it 's strictly business. ” Watch the iconic sequence below .
The clip from Trumped also includes Trump 's thoughts on running against Clinton in the general election ( which he would win later in the year ) .
“ The last person she wants to run against is me , and I know that from her people and I know that for a fact , ” Trump says . Asked how come Clinton 's people are talking to Trump , the president replies , “ They tell me everything . ”
Trumped premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and will air Feb. 3 at 9 p.m. ET/PT on Showtime .
For 2013 's best of TV list , The A.V . Club 's TV writers got together to discuss the shows that got us talking the most over the past 12 months . Between now and December 20 , we 'll be unveiling those shows , one per publication day , culminating in our picks for the top three shows of the year . Do n't forget to vote for your favorites of the year in our readers ' poll .
Advertisement
One of the most exciting developments in TV in the past year was the emergence of numerous new and hilarious sketch shows on Comedy Central . In the past , the network has been hit and miss , but in 2013 , it skewed far more toward hit . Here are the shows that made their mark on our memories of the year .
Nathan For You
Staying true to his Canadian heritage , Nathan Fielder is incredibly polite and helpful . On his series , in which he attempts to help small business owners boost profits via most unusual ideas , he tried to increase foot traffic at a local restaurant by instituting a free-to-use-the-bathroom policy , tried to improve sales for a caricature artist by rebranding him as an incredibly racist man known as “ The King Of Sting , ” and tried to give people the option to hire actors to portray family and friends at their funeral so they 'd seem more well-liked . So considerate , Fielder is .
Advertisement
But of all the dead-serious stunts Fielder pulled for the sake of others , the most ambitious moment was purely for himself . “ We 've all seen escape artists risk death before , ” he said at the top of the freshman comedy 's fifth episode . “ But tonight , I 'm going to risk something even worse : becoming a registered sex offender for life . ”
This begins “ The Claw Of Shame , ” in which Fielder backs himself into a metaphorical corner , but only after traversing an elaborate ( and even more metaphorical ) maze . His goal will be accomplished when a claw machine , specially calibrated , pulls down his pants , exposing his genitalia to a group of young children . And for that to happen , he 'll have to fail picking the lock of police-grade handcuffs in a 90-second window . And for that , Fielder took lessons , read up on the indecent exposure law , hired a company to specifically build the claw ( which , for no good reason , ran on Windows 95 ) , and so many other things that demonstrated his commitment to the absurdity .
Nathan For You played a dangerous game in its first season by invoking such pageantry . This meant things could n't be simple ; the series would n't have the sure-thing broad comedy of Workaholics or Tosh.0 . But Fielder helped viewers see that the simplest solution to anything is never the most fun .
Key & Peele
Sketch shows either improve dramatically or tank catastrophically as they get older . Key & Peele was a surprising and welcome hit for Comedy Central out of the gate in its first season and stepped up its reputation up in season two . By the current third season , it was holding down the mantle of the best sketch show on television . The show started out trying not to repeat sketches , but has recently embraced its recurring characters without overusing them . Jordan Peele and Keegan-Michael Key continue to write material that challenges and throws a funhouse mirror up to stereotypes and spoofs topical material as sensitive as the Trayvon Martin murder .
Advertisement
But this is also a show that can spoof Miami Vice and get away with such a dated reference by re-creating the show with perfect visual attention to detail . Directed by Peter Atencio , Key & Peele is the most stylish and beautifully curated sketch show around , and has stepped up its visual game in this third season , showing off a range of styles . Another dated-reference sketch that had no business working as well as it did was a parody series of PSAs starring Mr. T , shot on grainy video , made complete with nasty-looking fonts .
Two kids bully each other and are told to respect their appearance by Mr. T ( Peele ) , but then , when they later try to prompt further appearances by considering drugs and alcohol , they realize he 'll only appear for specific purposes . Saying , “ Your hair is stupid ! ” immediately summons him , shouting , “ A person 's hair is the artwork they present to the heavens ! ” Every turn of the sketch is perfect : In three minutes , it progresses from a basic '80s spoof to a reality-warp of the very nature of PSAs to a personal take on Mr. T 's inner pain . In its best moments , Key & Peele is a master class in sketch writing and presentation , and in its third season , moments proving that arrive with pleasant frequency .
Inside Amy Schumer
From the opening sketch of its first season , Inside Amy Schumer knew exactly what it was doing . It features a casting session for “ Two Girls , One Cup , ” wherein Schumer tries to find a silver lining to her character 's degrading performance . Given many opportunities , the director refuses to cushion her even a little , but she takes the part anyway . Money , hygiene , or safety would have been nice , but all that matters in the end is that Schumer gets to be on-camera . Some of the show 's themes appear in embryonic form ( feminism , princess entitlement ) , while others are already full-grown ( sexual frankness , self-debasement ) . Those ideas run throughout the segments in this variety show , which consists not only of sketches , but also generous sequences of stand-up , Real Sex 2.0 man-on-the-street montages , and in-depth interviews with people in careers like sex work .
Advertisement
But the ideas Schumer 's playing with are at their sharpest in a sketch from the second episode about sexy selfies . It begins with Amy clipping her toenails and singing to herself about how pretty she is , before getting a text . “ Send me a pic . A sexy 1 , ” writes Bobby . After taking a few on her own that result in some blurry shots of expressions ranging from sneezy to broken-jawed , she calls a friend for help .
Enter Danny P. , the catty motormouth photographer of a sexy selfie service who whirls into Amy 's apartment , passive-aggressively praises her design skills ( “ Do you teach art to cats ? ” ) , and forces her into a number of uncomfortable outfits and positions in search of the perfect pic . The punchline : By the time she finally sends it , the recipient has changed phones . Except for the Amy character 's relative innocence , it 's the show in a nutshell : a trenchant take on modern single womanhood animated by indignity .
Kroll Show
Nick Kroll has always been very funny in relatively small doses , with guest spots on Comedy Bang ! Bang ! and Reno 911 , among others . But his 2011 hour-long special , Thank You Very Cool , stumbled by mixing skits featuring his popular characters—Bobby Bottleservice , Fabrice Fabrice , etc.—with stand-up . Kroll Show focuses those characters ( and a bunch of new ones ) into a whip-smart satire of reality TV disguised as a sketch show . Kroll is at his funniest when he 's playing characters that might as well be real , like the Hollywood publicity-firm ladies of “ PubLIZity , ” who constantly bicker , while dreaming up marketing ideas that are probably less dumb than those executed every day . It 's clear that Kroll and his writers are ridiculously conversant in the muddy waters that they 're spoofing . If they were n't , then “ Armond Of The House ” —a pitch-perfect play on Dr. 90210 featuring Andy Milonakis as Kroll 's horrible son—would n't so lovingly mirror its subject matter , and “ Ghost Bouncers ” —featuring Bobby Bottleservice—would n't ring so true . ( Maybe that should be “ true. ” ) It 's tricky water to navigate , but in its first season , Kroll Show managed to maintain a balance of silliness and a strange sort of reverence for its subjects . It 'll be interesting to see if the show can maintain that quality with a longer season : The first only ran eight episodes , and it 's been picked up by Comedy Central for another 10 .
The Daily Show With John Oliver
With the election in the rearview mirror , Jon Stewart took a well-deserved leave of absence to direct his first feature film . But instead of putting The Daily Show on hiatus , Comedy Central put John Oliver at the desk as interim host . It was the first time since Stewart started manning the desk that a guest host would take over for more than an emergency fill-in . And Oliver 's first week set the tone for the bare minimum : lots of pre-recorded bits filed by the various other correspondents , familiar guests like Seth Rogen , and a nightly joke about Stewart 's whereabouts .
Advertisement
But soon after Stewart 's break began , the news exploded with scandal and intrigue . Anthony Weiner 's penchant for tweeting risqué photos of himself to women who are not his wife , San Diego mayor Bob Filner 's sexual harassment , Wendy Davis ' filibuster in the Texas legislature , Paula Deen 's racist comments , Edward Snowden 's leaked information and search for a country safe from extradition , and Russia 's anti-gay legislation dominated headlines for the summer , a time when The Daily Show is usually scrounging for content .
Oliver was n't just there to keep the bare minimum going . He had a full-blown star turn , as major story after major story yielded the best episodes of the year , a sorely needed jolt in the arm for a program that in preceding months dragged without fresh political campaign news . The expertly deployed sound bite from Mystikal 's “ Danger ” in response to Weiner 's badly mishandled mayoral campaign is the defining clip of Oliver 's tenure , followed closely by the Wendy Davis and Paula Deen episodes .
Oliver also came a long way as an interviewer in a few short weeks . His interview with Egypt men 's soccer coach ( and former USMNT coach ) Bob Bradley was the highlight of his 32 shows , but interviews with Louis C.K. , Josh Oppenheimer , and a makeshift emergency reshuffled interview with Aaron Sorkin after the power went out in The Daily Show studio are all great examples of Oliver blooming in the spotlight . The August 15 broadcast sums up Oliver 's summer guest hosting gig by touching on every major story he covered while sitting in the big chair—and getting an appropriately mocking send-off from the other correspondents . If Stewart ever decides to retire from The Daily Show to focus on film or family or anything else , Oliver has earned the right to be the first name on the list of candidates for the next host .
Newsletter : Charter Report and Grassroots Grow
Published by CarolBurris
September 10 , 2016
The Network for Public Education will publish a major report on charter schools in the spring of 2017 entitled , Charters and Consequences . The report will provide an in-depth examination of the problems that have resulted from the rapid expansion of charter schools in the United States . We are working with activists and experts in states including California , Texas , Pennsylvania and Illinois to produce this important report .
Even as we write the report , we will publish stories of what we find . Our first stop was California , a state in which a lack of regulation has produced fraud , corruption , as well as storefront charters in malls , church basements and even former liquor stores .
If you do not live in the Golden State , it is still an important read . The billionaires who are behind the unregulated growth of charters do not limit their reach . Carrie Walton Penner , of the Walmart fortune , is now funding a super PAC in New York .
You can read Part 1 of our California series in Valerie Strauss ' Answersheet :
https : //www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/09/09/how-messed-up-is-californias-charter-school-sector-you-wont-believe-how-much/
or on our website here :
Please read it and share it on social media .
This month we also published our first Grassroots newsletter
We 're excited to announce the official launch of the Network for Public Education 's Grassroots Education Network ! We currently have 6 national organizations and 58 state and local organizations working in 25 states participating in the network , and this is just the beginning . We hope you 'll take some time to check out the organizations that have joined .
If you have n't joined yet , it 's never too late – click here .
We have also started a closed Facebook group for members of the Grassroots Education Network . We envision it as a place where leaders and members of the organizations in the network can gather to share resources , ask questions and learn from each other .
And finally , do n't miss the first edition of the Grassroots Education Network Report . We have three reports for you this month from network members in Florida , Georgia and New York , and you wo n't want to miss them . These groups are doing amazing work that we can all learn from .
You can find a link to all three here .
Thank you for all that you do and have a great school year ,
Carol Burris , Executive Director of NPE
The Network for Public Education is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization . You can make a tax deductible donation here .
Please follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jelle Vossen will open talks with Championship rivals Burnley today over a possible transfer , according to reports in Belgium .
HLN claims Vossen , who scored nine goals on loan at Boro last season , has been identified by Sean Dyche as the perfect replacement for Liverpool-bound Danny Ings .
The £2.2m rated international striker is being monitored by a host of teams , with Celtic and Sheffield Wednesday also said to be interested in a summer switch .
But reports across Europe claim Vossen is set to talk with officials at Turf Moor today , as the Clarets plot an instant return to the Premier League .
The Gazette understands Boro retain an interest in the hard-working forward , but are keen to land their other key striking targets first .
The club will then assess their skill-set and budget , before deciding whether to pursue a move for Vossen again .
Boro want a seasoned Championship striker to replace last season 's 19-goal top scorer Patrick Bamford , and also want to add another dimension to the skill-set up front .
Vossen had indicated he was open to a Riverside return , but wants his future resolved quickly to avoid a repeat of last summer 's Boro transfer saga played out in public .
Genk have said they wo n't let him go on the cheap and are trying to encourage Vossen 's suitors to firm up their initial interest with real bids .
Read about all of the players who have been linked with a move to or away from Boro this summer HERE
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia said on Sunday that it supports the continuation of Syria peace talks under United Nations auspices , long-running negotiations which had been thrown into doubt by separate , Moscow-backed peace talks launched last month .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov meets with Syrian opposition representatives in Moscow , Russia January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
The latest round of U.N. talks had been planned to begin in Geneva on Feb. 8 but Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said last week that they had been postponed .
They have now been rescheduled for February 20 , diplomats have told Reuters . The UN envoy for Syria , Staffan de Mistura , said he had decided to delay them to take advantage of negotiations between the Syrian government and opposition in Astana , Kazakhstan , hosted by Moscow , Ankara and Tehran .
The Astana talks last month ended with Russia , Turkey and Iran agreeing to monitor Syrian government and opposition compliance with a Dec. 30 truce brokered by Moscow and Ankara .
Lavrov said on Sunday the Astana talks between representatives of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and opposition groups were a “ breakthrough step ” in efforts to resolve the crisis but were not instead of the U.N.-led talks .
“ We are not planning to replace Geneva with the Astana format , ” he said in an interview published on the ministry 's web site on Sunday .
The Astana talks were a diplomatic coup that underlined the growing Middle East clout of Russia , Iran and Turkey and Washington 's diminished influence at a time when Donald Trump is settling into the presidency .
But the talks spotlighted sharp differences between Moscow and Tehran over the possible future participation of the United States and also excluded Gulf states , despite their major role in the proxy war in Syria that has drawn in the entire region .
Iran , whose relations with Washington have nosedived since Trump became president , opposes any U.S. involvement .
Lavrov reiterated on Sunday that the United States and Moscow were in a position to solve bilateral issues , improve ties and coordinate efforts to fight “ international terrorism ” , but said it had to be on the basis of mutual respect .
The secretary of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council , Ali Shamkhani , also praised the Astana talks in a meeting with Russia 's special envoy on Syria , Alexander Lavrentiev , in Tehran on Sunday , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) .
But he said peace was not achievable while Islamic State , which he labelled Daesh , as well as the al-Qaeda linked Nusra Front , which has renamed itself Jabhat Fateh al-Sham , and other unnamed groups he said were linked to them were present .
“ As long as Daesh and al-Nusra and groups linked to them are present in Syria - and they are being protected and supported by some countries in the region - a political solution and peace for Syria and the region will not be achievable . ”
The Syrian opposition have objected to Iran 's role in the Astana talks , blaming Shi'ite militias backed by Tehran for violations of the fragile ceasefire agreement by launching military assaults in rebel-held suburbs of the capital .
De Mistura said the United Nations would be attending a follow-up technical meeting in Astana on Feb. 6 of the talks on the implementation and monitoring of the Syria ceasefire .
Getting ready for a Perl job interview is not something you can do in 5 minutes . Not even 5 days . It is a much longer process , but one that pays-off in the long run .
TL ; DR
I think the biggest point is that you ca n't get prepared by answering made-up questions found in book that offer to get prepared for a Perl interview . You need to really use the language in order to know it . Getting involved in an open source project can provide the place to gain that experience .
Land the Tech Job You Love
The first thing I 'd suggest is to buy and read the book Land the Tech Job You Love , written by Andy Lester . The book has advice for anyone looking for a tech-related job , but some of his examples are more Perl-related . This is not surprising as This is the same guy who wrote WWW : :Mechanize , ack , and who maintains Bobby Tables : A guide to preventing SQL injection .
I recommend reading the whole book , but start from the end . Specifically from chapter Staying Hirable , where he describes what to do when you already have a job .
Even if you do n't yet have a job .
Long term investment
I do n't think you can just prepare for a Perl job interview . Unless you go to a clueless company , they will ask you all kinds of questions that you can not possibly prepare for in 5 days . What you need to do , is to invest in your hirability all the time .
The tech jobs , Perl programming included , is n't a static thing that you get hired and 40 years later you go to get your pension . It constantly changes and if you want to keep having a job , you will constantly need to improve yourself . Beyond what the current company requires you to know .
So what do you need to know ?
Other than Perl
Surely the position you are trying to get is n't just Perl programming . Every Perl programming involves lots of other things . Knowing the version control system used at the company . Maybe knowing some SQL or NoSQL . HTML , CSS and some JavaScript for web developers . HTTP and other protocols .
Using Linux . Understanding what automatic testing means and how to write tests . Understanding Continuous Integration and even Continuous Deployment .
Some of these are not just buzzwords . They hide real technologies .
Some , the proprietary technologies , are hard to access , but you can learn everything that 's Open Source . There are many services that provide you free access for a limited time so you can also learn those .
Technologies in Perl
Within Perl there is also a lot to learn . In the Perl tutorial you will find lots of beginner level articles and some advanced articles . If you are really serious about Perl you 'd subscribe to the Perl Maven Pro , where you will find lots of additional advanced articles as well .
Too much , how to pick ?
The biggest problem is probably that there are so many different technologies . Which one to learn ?
First of all you need to decide which fields might interest you , but you should also check companies that are hiring in your area ( or wherever you 'd like to work ) and see what are their requirements . Based on the ads you can have a direction .
Open Source
One of the best ways to improve yourself is to actually work in the field and get experience . Before you get your first job , and in many cases even while you work , you wo n't have the opportunity to work on new , and interesting technologies . After all , the company that hired you will prefer that you do what you already know , instead of spending their time to learn something new .
Yet , your interest is to constantly learn new things and improve yourself so when you will want to find a new job , you have this new skill .
The easiest way to do this is to get involved in some open source project . In the Perl world that could mean contributing to a CPAN module , or to one of the Perl based open source products .
So take some of your free time and get involved in some Open Source project ,
Heck , you could even replace your `` smoking breaks '' at your company by time spent on learning new things . It 's good for you in multiple ways .
I 'll admit it : one of my New Year 's resolutions is to get into “ wedding shape ” , and that means eating a little better than I have been the past couple of months ! However , one thing I refuse to do while eating better is sacrificing flavor . I live to eat , and although I 'll be trying to make some better eating choices as 2012 kicks off , I will not give up my expectation of deliciousness .
I remember a couple years back walking around Whole Foods and enjoying a free sample of this new dehydrated Kale product that was for sale . It was light , crispy , and flavorful . I was about to buy it until I saw the hefty price tag of $ 8 for a little tiny package of no more than 2 servings . For some reason , today that experience popped into my brain and I decided to try to make my own “ dehydrated kale ” . After doing a little internet research , I developed the following recipe . These Baked Kale Chips : 3 Ways are super easy , super healthy , and most importantly , super delicious…
Baked Kale Chips : 3 Ways
Parmesan-Lemon // Chili-Cumin Dusted // Oil & Vinegar
[ list style= ” red ” ]
2 bunches of kale ( I got the curly kind , but any type will do )
2 tbl . Olive Oil
1 tbl . parmesan cheese
1 tsp . lemon zest
1 tsp . chili powder
1/2 tsp . cumin
1/2 – 1 tbl . apple cider vinegar , to taste
Sea Salt , season to taste
[ /list ]
Preheat oven to 300 . Remove kale from their stems ( try to keep the kale in decent bite-size pieces ) and discard any tough center ribs . Wash kale and dry completely . If there is water left on the kale , it wo n't crisp up properly . Put kale into a large bowl , add olive oil , and sprinkle with salt . Toss so all kale is evenly coated with the oil and salt . Divide kale into three bowls . In one bowl , add in lemon zest and parmesan cheese , in another add the chili powder and cumin , and in the last add the vinegar . Toss added ingredients with the kale in each bowl . On three separate baking sheets ( one for each kind of kale chip ) lined with parchment paper ( I was out , so I just used aluminum foil ) , lay the kale mixture in a single layer . Bake for approximately 20 minutes , or until tips are browned and kale feels crisp .
In its first major initiative on the urban infrastructure front , the government on Friday gave in principle approval for the construction of flyovers and junctions translating into 20 projects in the Greater Municipal Corporation ( GHMC ) area under the strategic road development programme in the first phase .
The government has given an administrative sanction for Rs 2,631 crore towards these projects .
The state also approved a public private partnership ( PPP ) model wherein the projects will be awarded for construction on a semi-annuity basis with a concession period of 10 years while payment will be made in 20 equal semi-annual installments , according to orders .
While they will have to make the annuity payments to the developers of these projects , the government will stand guarantee for the payment , the orders stated .
The first proposed action targeting the improvement of road transit system in comes after chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao stated earlier this year that a host of steps , including the construction of multi-level flyovers , would be taken up to enable smooth outflow and inflow of traffic on all roads connecting the city .
The government has stipulated a 2.5-year timeline for the completion of these projects while it proposes to complete the entire tender process in 30 days .
It would allow joint venture with a maximum of three partners duly insisting for a minimum 26 per cent equity for each of the partner all the time till completion . The one with maximum equity in the project will be considered as the lead partner , the government said . The authorities will adopt State Bank of India ( SBI ) 's current base rate of 9.7 per cent as the discount factor to determine the net present value of the project .
SAN ANTONIO ( IndexRx ) -- I just finished a telephone conversation with a friend who works for a large brokerage firm . He describes the typical mindset among his clients at the moment as one of panic and despair .
The average investor , it seems , is considering giving up on the stock market and burying his money under a mattress ( or in money-market funds ) . Should you , too , be thinking about the exit ?
At times like these , I always turn to history .
By historical standards , Monday 's 504-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.13 % was indeed large -- the 86th-largest one-day percentage loss since 1928 , and the 17th-biggest since World War II . Does this mean it 's time to jump ship ?
To answer , let 's look at the 16 postwar declines that were larger and ask the following question : What happened afterward ? The answer may surprise you . It should certainly prevent you from shouting panicked sell orders at your broker .
I calculated several averages for all 16 declines that were larger than Monday 's 4.4 % drop . On average , the Dow was 10.4 % higher six months after the decline , 13.8 % higher one year after , 27 % higher two years after , and 45.6 % higher five years after . By contrast , investing in the Dow on any random day from Jan. 2 , 1946 , through Monday 's decline would have yielded 37.9 % over on average over a five-year period .
Some would argue that Monday 's drop was not large enough . In other words , the market had not `` capitulated '' and thus was likely to see further declines . This may well be the case . But , interestingly enough , if we again crunch some numbers for the 16 largest one-day declines , the correlation between the size of the initial decline and the size of the subsequent rise , though negative , was relatively low .
R-squared statistics are small ( 0.01 , 0.05 , 0.18 , and 0.05 for six-months , one-year , two-year , and five-year periods , respectively ) . One way to interpret this is that , as long as the drop is large , it does n't seem to matter how large -- the market is likely to bounce back strongly in the near future .
So , if history is any guide , you would be foolish to succumb to panic . In fact , you might even want to increase your holdings . Notice that for periods of up to two years , the market has tended to perform far better than usual following large declines .
Given the worry that is all around , I doubt that most investors will be able to muster sufficient courage to follow this advice . But for the few brave contrarians with the foresight to `` buy when there is blood in the streets , '' here 's a potential play : the Vanguard Real Estate Investment Trust Index VNQ , -0.31 %
That 's right . Think about pouring some money straight into the sector that sparked the whole mess . Following the dictates of our history-based trading algorithm , Index Rx recently purchased this fund with two of our model portfolios .
In the end , it 's a question of whom you 're going to trust -- the media , your own emotions or the guidance of history ? I know which I 'm putting my money on .
Jesse Czelusta co-edits , along with his father , Lawrence Czelusta , the Index Rx investment letter . Jesse has a Ph . D. in economics from Stanford University . ( See IndexRx.com . )
Content found in The Guru 's Corner is subject to the terms and conditions found in the Disclaimer and does not represent a recommendation of investment advice . Investors should seek the advice of a qualified investment professional prior to making any investment decisions . ( disclaimer )
My cultural pilgrimage to the Rocky Mountains began more than 20 years ago , a few steps from my door in the East Village of Manhattan . The poet Allen Ginsberg was staging one of the regular readings at St. Mark 's Church in-the-Bowery , featuring his Buddhist-inspired verse . As he fielded queries after the reading , he mentioned that he was decamping to teach at something called the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics in , of all places , Boulder , Colo .
Poetry in Boulder ? Until then , I had envisioned the town as a high-altitude boot camp , where every resident dressed in colorful spandex and went hiking , biking and climbing with grim determination . When it came to culture , it was hard to imagine anything more profound than the “ Mork and Mindy ” house , whose exterior is featured in the TV series . But Ginsberg insisted that Boulder was actually brimming with progressive artists , writers and musicians . It used to be called “ the Athens of the West , ” he enthused .
So as an Amazonian heat wave descended on New York a year ago , I decided to finally make the expedition to the Rockies to answer a question : How does culture thrive in a world of free-climbers and triathletes , who is a one might think are more concerned with perfectly formed abs than deeper questions of the soul ? Or has Boulder 's very intimacy with the great outdoors created a cultural scene all its own ?
Arriving on a hot but blissfully dry July night was a disorienting experience , and not just because of the thin alpine air . At first glance , Boulder seemed dreamily pleasant , as clean and orderly as a Swiss resort , but not exactly in bohemian ferment .
First , competing box-set releases . Now , a mysterious yanked advert . The behind-the-scenes feud between the label and its former charges is bubbling to the surface
Tension between Radiohead and EMI was highlighted again today when the band 's former label removed a misleading ad for the group 's back catalogue from the internet .
Until the end of last week , anyone types in Radiohead into Google would be met with a paid-for ad at the top of the search results reading : `` Radiohead - New Album 'Rainbow ' now available as boxset '' .
Despite appearances , the ad led not to the special `` discbox '' edition of In Rainbows but to a website where EMI subsidiary Parlophone is selling a box-set of the seven albums Radiohead recorded while they were still signed to the label .
That the two box-sets are coming out at the same time in December and at the same price had already led some fans to believe that EMI is trying to compete with its former charges ' independent release . While EMI has denied this , the ad ( visible in a screengrab from Friday , above ) raises new questions about the label 's motives .
Attempts to ascertain the identity of the company behind the ad by Guardian Unlimited Music met with little success . Phone calls and emails to EMI 's subsidiary Parlophone about the ad were not returned last week . Finally , a cryptic , one-sentence email arrived from EMI publicist Chris Latham yesterday .
`` Parlophone were aware of the data source glitch and removed the link immediately , '' it read . When asked to confirm that this meant that the label had indeed placed the Google Ad and then removed it , the company spokesman twice declined any further comment or clarification .
This afternoon , Radiohead responded to Parlophone 's removal of the ad . `` We accept that it was a genuine error and that it has been rectified , '' the band 's spokesman wrote in an email to Guardian Unlimited Music .
This may draw a line under what seemed like an escalation of a behind-the-scenes feud between EMI and Radiohead . Relations between the two have been frosty since the band , who fulfilled their contract with the label with 2003 's Hail to the Thief , decided to not resign with them . Days after the band decided to release the CD of their new album In Rainbows with independent label XL last month , EMI announced it was offering the rockers ' output from 1993 to 2003 for sale as a seven-CD box-set .
It soon became clear that the back catalogue release was put together without the involvement of the band , who have distanced themselves from it . ( `` The band have n't released it , '' band spokesman Murray Chalmers said . `` The band are n't in contract to EMI anymore . '' ) The EMI box-set will be sent out at the same time as In Rainbows `` discbox '' box-set in December and at the same price , too .
While fans have accused EMI of releasing its Radiohead box-set as `` retribution '' for the band going elsewhere , the label has denied this .
The United Nations Security Council on Friday adopted a resolution , drafted by France , calling on countries around the world to take “ all necessary measures ” to fight the Islamic State .
The 15-to-0 vote came a week after the terrorist attacks in Paris , for which the Islamic State claimed responsibility , and just hours after the deadly siege of a hotel in Bamako , the capital of Mali , by Islamic militants .
The French ambassador , François Delattre , told the Security Council after the vote that the resolution “ recognizes the exceptional nature of the Daesh threat , ” using an Arabic acronym for the group .
Russia voted for the measure , which signaled a rare diplomatic convergence . For four years , Russia and the West have sparred over the war in Syria , with the Kremlin staunchly backing the government and Western powers backing the opposition .
I am calling for the government to keep their hands off NHS unsociable hours pay .
NHS staff work a 24/7 job and as a reward for being so flexible with shifts they receive extra pay when they work nights and weekends . Most staff members rely on this due to the pay freeze for staff on increment pay .
NHS Staff suffer more than those deciding their pay can ever imagine ,
They are beaten and abused daily , working unsociable hours and 14-hour shifts . They have to pay to park at their workplace and all they want to do is help others .
NHS staff spend days such as Christmas and New Year with complete strangers , with their patients and colleagues , helping to save lives . For doing this they get a little bit more money , but the job they do is priceless . Please sign this petition .
Fox News host Megyn Kelly ( Media Matters )
Fox News host Megyn Kelly asserted this week that President-elect Donald Trump and his top aide , former Breitbart chief Steve Bannon , have empowered the white nationalist movement .
In an interview with Fresh Air 's Terry Gross , Kelly said that she understood why minority communities are concerned about a Trump presidency .
“ The relative lack of power of certain minority groups and the fear they 're feeling in the wake of Donald Trump 's election , I think , is something we really need to take a look at , ” Kelly remarked . “ I do n't think Trump wants to target any particular minority group , I understand their fear , because he spent many months stoking it . ”
With regard to Trump 's impact on white nationalists and the so-called “ alt-right ” movement , the Fox News host said that it was a “ a dangerous game to empower them , as clearly has happened . ”
“ I mean , Steve Bannon is the chief adviser to our president-elect , and I understand the argument that he 's just a provocateur and he comes up with these crazy headlines and they want clicks , but if you look at what 's happened to Breitbart [ News ] over the last three years , it 's shocking , ” she observed . “ This is something else entirely , and I do n't know that Trump can stop it . I do n't know who , if anyone , can stop it . I think right now the answer is for good people to exercise their own voice and their own power . ”
According to Kelly , Trump 's election was a backlash against “ PC culture . ”
“ There are a lot of people in our society who have had it with PC culture … and I , Terry , am one of those people , ” she opined to Gross . “ I think we have gone too far into the PC culture , but there 's a limit to how far we can take that . ”
“ He was given a permission slip for everything he said and did because of that . The gradations of what was appropriate or not seemed to get completely lost , Kelly added . “ But I would submit to you that Trump 's history of comments on women go well beyond the line , if you look at them in their entirety , past the normal backlash to PC culture . ”
Listen to the audio below .
Every year , the Greenway Group led by James Cramer ( chief executive of the AIA from 1988 to 1994 ) assembles the architecture-schools rankings . The rankings include the top 10 undergraduate architecture schools and the top 10 graduate schools .
Also , there are different skills rankings , like “ analysis and planning ” , “ communication ” , “ computer applications ” , “ construction methods and materials ” , “ design ” , “ research and theory ” and “ sustainable design practices and principles ” . This may be a great tool for architecture students when looking for a school and useful also for architecture firms when deciding on who to employ .
Read the complete rankings after the break . Seen at Architectural Record .
Top 10 Undergraduate Architecture Schools
1 . Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y. 2 . Syracuse University , Syracuse , N.Y. 3 . California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo , Calif. 4 . Virginia Polytechnic institute and State University , Blacksburg , Va. 5 . University of Texas , Austin , Tex . 6 . Kansas State University , Manhattan , Kans . 7 . University of Oregon , Eugene , Ore. 8 . Rhode Island School of Design , Providence , R.I. 9 . Rice University , Houston , Tex . 10 . University of Southern California , Los Angeles , Calif .
Top 10 Graduate Architecture Schools
1 . Harvard University , Cambridge , Mass . 2 . Yale University , New Haven , Conn. 3 . Columbia University , New York City 4 . Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , Mass . 5 . University of Texas , Austin , Tex . 6 . University of Cincinnati , Cincinnati , Ohio 7 . Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y. 8 . Virginia Polytechnic and State University , Blacksburg , Va. 9 . University of Virginia , Charlottesville , Va. 10 . University of California , Berkeley , Calif .
Skills Rankings Analysis and Planning
1 . Harvard University 2 . Virginia Polytechnic Institute 3 . Cornell University 3 . Massachusetts Institute of Technology 5 . University of Cincinnati 5 . University of Oregon
Communication
1 . Harvard University 2 . Yale University 3 . Cornell University 3 . Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 5 . University of Cincinnati
Computer applications
1 . Massachusetts Institute of Technology 2 . Carnegie Mellon University 2 . Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 4 . Columbia University 5 . California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo
Construction methods and materials
1 . California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo 1 . Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 3 . Auburn University 3 . University of Cincinnati 5 . Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Design
1 . Harvard University 2 . Yale University 3 . Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 4 . Cornell University 5 . Columbia University
Research and theory
1 . Harvard University 2 . Massachusetts Institute of Technology 3 . Princeton University 4 . Columbia University 4 . Yale University
Sustainable design practices and principles
1 . University of Oregon 2 . University of California , Berkeley 3 . University of Texas , Austin 3 . University of Virginia 5 . Auburn University
Title page of the first edition , 1751
The Art of Fugue ( or The Art of the Fugue ; German : Die Kunst der Fuge ) , BWV 1080 , is an incomplete musical work of unspecified instrumentation by Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1685–1750 ) . Written in the last decade of his life , The Art of Fugue is the culmination of Bach 's experimentation with monothematic instrumental works .
This work consists of 14 fugues and 4 canons in D minor , each using some variation of a single principal subject , and generally ordered to increase in complexity . `` The governing idea of the work '' , as put by Bach specialist Christoph Wolff , `` was an exploration in depth of the contrapuntal possibilities inherent in a single musical subject . `` [ 1 ] The word `` contrapunctus '' is often used for each fugue .
Sources [ edit ]
The earliest extant source of the work is an autograph manuscript [ 2 ] of the early 1740s , containing 12 fugues and 2 canons . This autograph is typically referred to by its call number of P200 in the Berlin State Library . Three manuscripts for pieces that would appear in the revised edition were bundled with P200 at some point before its acquisition by the library .
The revised version was published in May 1751 , slightly less than a year after Bach 's death . In addition to changes in the order , notation , and material of pieces which appeared in the autograph , it contained 2 new fugues , 2 new canons , and 3 pieces of ostensibly spurious inclusion . A second edition was published in 1752 , but differed only in its addition of a preface by Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg .
In spite of its revisions , the printed edition of 1751 contained a number of glaring editorial errors . The majority of these may be attributed to Bach 's relatively sudden death in the midst of publication . Three pieces were included that do not appear to have been part of Bach 's intended order : an unrevised ( and thus redundant ) version of the second double fugue , Contrapunctus X ; a two-keyboard arrangement [ 3 ] of the first mirror fugue , Contrapunctus XIII ; and a chorale harmonization `` Vor deinen Thron tret ich hiermit '' ( `` Herewith I come before Thy Throne '' ) , derived from BWV 668a , and noted in the introduction to the edition as a recompense for the work 's incompleteness , having purportedly been dictated by Bach on his deathbed .
The anomalous character of the published order and the Unfinished Fugue have engendered a wide variety of theories which attempt to restore the work to that state originally intended by Bach .
Structure [ edit ]
The Art of Fugue is based on a single subject ( ( help·info ) or ( help·info ) ) :
which each canon and fugue employs in some variation .
The work divides into seven groups , according to each piece 's prevailing contrapuntal device ; in both editions , these groups and their respective components are generally ordered to increase in complexity . In the order in which they occur in the printed edition of 1751 ( without the aforementioned works of spurious inclusion ) , the groups , and their components are as follows .
Simple fugues :
Contrapunctus I : 4-voice fugue on principal subject , ( help · info ) ( help · info )
: 4-voice fugue on principal subject , Contrapunctus II : 4-voice fugue on principal subject , accompanied by a 'French ' style dotted rhythm ( help · info )
: 4-voice fugue on principal subject , accompanied by a 'French ' style dotted rhythm Contrapunctus III : 4-voice fugue on principal subject in inversion , employing intense chromaticism , ( help · info )
: 4-voice fugue on principal subject in inversion , employing intense chromaticism , Contrapunctus IV : 4-voice fugue on principal subject in inversion , employing counter-subjects , ( help · info )
Counter-fugues , in which the subject is used simultaneously in regular , inverted , augmented , and diminished forms :
Contrapunctus V : Has many stretto entries , as do Contrapuncti VI and VII , ( help · info )
: Has many stretto entries , as do and , Contrapunctus VI , a 4 in Stylo Francese : This adds both forms of the theme in diminution , [ 4 ] ( halving note lengths ) , with little rising and descending clusters of semiquavers in one voice answered or punctuated by similar groups in demisemiquavers in another , against sustained notes in the accompanying voices . The dotted rhythm , enhanced by these little rising and descending groups , suggests what is called `` French style '' in Bach 's day , hence the name Stylo Francese . [ 5 ] ( help · info )
: This adds both forms of the theme in diminution , ( halving note lengths ) , with little rising and descending clusters of semiquavers in one voice answered or punctuated by similar groups in demisemiquavers in another , against sustained notes in the accompanying voices . The dotted rhythm , enhanced by these little rising and descending groups , suggests what is called `` French style '' in Bach 's day , hence the name . Contrapunctus VII , a 4 per Augmentationem et Diminutionem : Uses augmented ( doubling all note lengths ) and diminished versions of the main subject and its inversion .
Double and triple fugues , employing two and three subjects respectively :
Contrapunctus VIII , a 3 : Triple fugue , with three subjects , having independent expositions , ( help · info )
: Triple fugue , with three subjects , having independent expositions , Contrapunctus IX , a 4 alla Duodecima : Double fugue , with two subjects occurring dependently , and in invertible counterpoint at the 12th , ( help · info )
: Double fugue , with two subjects occurring dependently , and in invertible counterpoint at the 12th , Contrapunctus X , a 4 alla Decima : Double fugue , with two subjects occurring dependently , and in invertible counterpoint at the 10th , ( help · info )
: Double fugue , with two subjects occurring dependently , and in invertible counterpoint at the 10th , Contrapunctus XI , a 4 : Triple fugue , employing the three subjects of Contrapunctus VIII in inversion , ( help · info )
Mirror fugues , in which a piece is notated once and then with voices and counterpoint completely inverted , without violating contrapuntal rules or musicality :
Contrapunctus XII , a 4
Contrapunctus XIII , a 3
Canons , labeled by interval and technique :
Canon per Augmentationem in Contrario Motu : Canon in which the following voice is both inverted and augmented .
: Canon in which the following voice is both inverted and augmented . Canon alla Ottava : Canon in imitation at the octave
: Canon in imitation at the octave Canon alla Decima in Contrapunto alla Terza : Canon in imitation at the tenth
: Canon in imitation at the tenth Canon alla Duodecima in Contrapunto alla Quinta : Canon in imitation at the twelfth
The Unfinished Fugue :
Fuga a 3 Soggetti ( `` Contrapunctus XIV '' ) : 4-voice triple fugue ( not completed by Bach , but likely to have become a quadruple fugue : see below ) , the third subject of which begins with the BACH motif , B ♭ – A – C – B ♮ ( ' H ' in German letter notation ) . ( help · info )
Instrumentation [ edit ]
Both editions of the Art of Fugue are written in open score , where each voice is written on its own staff . This has led some to conclude [ 6 ] that the Art of Fugue was intended as an intellectual exercise , meant to be studied more than heard . The renowned keyboardist and musicologist Gustav Leonhardt , [ 7 ] argued that the Art of Fugue was probably intended to be played on a keyboard instrument ( and specifically the harpsichord ) . [ 8 ] Leonhardt 's arguments included the following : [ 7 ]
It was common practice in the 17th and early 18th centuries to publish keyboard pieces in open score , especially those that are contrapuntally complex . Examples include Frescobaldi 's Fiori musicali ( 1635 ) , Samuel Scheidt 's Tabulatura Nova ( 1624 ) , works by Johann Jakob Froberger ( 1616–1667 ) , Franz Anton Maichelbeck de ] The range of none of the ensemble or orchestral instruments of the period corresponds to any of the ranges of the voices in The Art of Fugue . Furthermore , none of the melodic shapes that characterize Bach 's ensemble writing are found in the work , and there is no basso continuo . The fugue types used are reminiscent of the types in The Well-Tempered Clavier , rather than Bach 's ensemble fugues ; Leonhardt also shows an `` optical '' resemblance between the fugues of the two collections , and points out other stylistic similarities between them . Finally , since the bass voice in The Art of Fugue occasionally rises above the tenor , and the tenor becomes the `` real '' bass , Leonhardt deduces that the bass part was not meant to be doubled at 16-foot pitch , thus eliminating the pipe organ as the intended instrument , leaving the harpsichord as the most logical choice .
However , opponents of Leonhardt 's theory such as Reinhard Goebel argue that : [ This quote needs a citation ]
The Art of Fugue is not completely playable on a keyboard . Contrapunctus XII and XIII , for instance , can not be played on a single keyboard without making awkward jumps or neglecting the main theme , especially on the keyboard instruments of Bach 's day , such as the harpsichord or the early pianoforte , both of which lacked a sustain pedal . This is something Bach would never have allowed to happen . ( Although Leonhardt notes that there are similarly 'unplayable ' passages in The Well-Tempered Clavier . ) The absence of the basso continuo is only logical since a fugue for string quartet would n't have one by default .
There is also the possibility that The Art of Fugue was not intended for one single ( type of ) instrument , but instead for whatever instruments were at hand . [ citation needed ] This hypothesis is given weight by the modern recording and concert history of the work : it is variously performed by string quartets , wind quartets , solo keyboardists , electronics , and orchestras . See `` Notable Recordings '' , below . [ original research ? ]
The Unfinished Fugue [ edit ]
The final page of Contrapunctus XIV
A handwritten manuscript of the piece known as the Unfinished Fugue is among the three bundled with the autograph manuscript P200 . It breaks off abruptly in the middle of its third section , with an only partially written measure 239 . This autograph carries a note in the handwriting of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach , stating `` Über dieser Fuge , wo der Name B A C H im Contrasubject angebracht worden , ist der Verfasser gestorben . '' ( `` At the point where the composer introduces the name BACH [ for which the English notation would be B♭–A–C–B♮ ] in the countersubject to this fugue , the composer died . '' ) This account is disputed by modern scholars , as the manuscript is clearly written in Bach 's own hand , and thus dates to a time before his deteriorating health and vision would have prevented his ability to write , probably 1748–1749 . [ 9 ]
Many scholars , including Gustav Nottebohm ( 1881 ) , Wolff and Davitt Moroney , have argued that the piece was intended to be a quadruple fugue , with the opening theme of Contrapunctus I to be introduced as the fourth subject . The title Fuga a 3 soggetti , in Italian rather than Latin , was not given by the composer but by CPE Bach , and Bach 's obituary actually makes mention of `` a draft for a fugue that was to contain four themes in four voices '' . The combination of all four themes would bring the entire work to a fitting climax . Wolff also suspected that Bach might have finished the fugue on a lost page , called `` fragment X '' , on which the composer attempted to work out the counterpoint between the four subjects . [ citation needed ]
A number of musicians and musicologists have composed conjectural completions of Contrapunctus XIV which include the fourth subject , including musicologists Donald Tovey ( 1931 ) , Zoltán Göncz ( 1992 ) , Yngve Jan Trede ( 1995 ) , and Thomas Daniel ( 2010 ) , organists Helmut Walcha , David Goode , Lionel Rogg , and Davitt Moroney ( 1989 ) . Ferruccio Busoni 's Fantasia contrappuntistica is based on Contrapunctus XIV , but is more a work by Busoni than by Bach . In 2001 Luciano Berio arranged the contrapunctus for orchestra ; while Berio did not complete the fugue in the usual sense , he produced a performing version that allows the composition to fade away gracefully . [ citation needed ] Other completions that do not incorporate the fourth subject including those by the French classical organist Alexandre Pierre François Boëly and pianist Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka .
In 2007 , New Zealand organist and conductor Indra Hughes completed a doctoral thesis about the unfinished ending of Contrapunctus XIV , proposing that the work was left unfinished not because Bach died , but as a deliberate choice by Bach to encourage independent efforts at a completion . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Douglas Hofstadter 's book Gödel , Escher , Bach discusses the unfinished fugue and Bach 's supposed death during composition as a tongue-in-cheek illustration of Austrian logician Kurt Gödel 's first incompleteness theorem . According to Gödel , the very power of a `` sufficiently powerful '' formal mathematical system can be exploited to `` undermine '' the system , by leading to statements that assert such things as `` I can not be proven in this system '' . In Hofstadter 's discussion , Bach 's great compositional talent is used as a metaphor for a `` sufficiently powerful '' formal system ; however , Bach 's insertion of his own name `` in code '' into the fugue is not , even metaphorically , a case of Gödelian self-reference ; and Bach 's failure to finish his self-referential fugue serves as a metaphor for the unprovability of the Gödelian assertion , and thus for the incompleteness of the formal system .
Sylvestre and Costa [ 12 ] reported a mathematical architecture of The Art of Fugue , based on bar counts , which shows that the whole work was conceived on the basis of the Fibonacci series and the golden ratio . The significance of the mathematical architecture can probably be explained by considering the role of the work as a membership contribution to the Correspondierende Societät der musicalischen Wissenschaften [ de ] , and to the `` scientific '' meaning that Bach attributed to counterpoint .
Notable recordings [ edit ]
Harpsichord [ edit ]
Organ [ edit ]
Piano [ edit ]
String quartet [ edit ]
Orchestra [ edit ]
Other [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Greece offers a number of intriguing indigenous grape varieties , some dating back to ancient times . The truth is however that they form only part of the modern vine growing traditions in Greece . The often overlooked international varieties sometimes manage to offer just the unexpected . One variety that few wine lovers would suspect to be grown here is Gewurztraminer . Given that Greece is widely known for its typical Mediterranean climate , this might at first glance seem counterintuitive . The following quote is from the excellent book “ Wine Grapes ” by Jancis Robinson , Julia Harding and José Vouillamoz : “ Gewürztraminers attain higher alcohol levels than most white wines , with over 14 % being by no means uncommon , and acidities can correspondingly be precariously low . Because of this the variety is not suited to very warm climates . ”
Greek Gewurztraminers do not quite seem to fit into this picture . The wines are likely to show more reserved alcohol levels of 12.5 to 13 % and manage to combine this with a refreshing acidity . The key is the planting of this variety at high altitude vineyards that exhibit a cool climate , especially in the late afternoons , evenings and nights , while benefitting from the hotter prevailing conditions during daytime . It is this unique combination of hot days and cool nights which leads to an earlier flavour development of the grapes , while retaining acids , when compared to the cooler growing regions abroad .
Gewurztraminer is a rather rare variety in Greece , with only a handful of wineries producing dry , varietal wines . Avantis ( Island of Evia ) , Dio Filoi ( Kozani ) , Lalikou ( Kavala ) , Samartzi Estate ( Viotia ) and Tselepos ( Arcadia ) are the only ones I am aware of . Katogi Averoff also offers a varietal wine , but from the less aromatic Traminer clone . Both Boutari and Kir Yianni add Gewurztraminer as a blend ; and Alpha Estate ( adding a touch of Malagousia ) and the Semeli Winery produce delightful sweet versions .
The most widely distributed Greek Gewurztraminer is perhaps also the finest example . The Tselepos “ Melissopetra ” comes from a 4.5 ha vineyard that lies at an altitude of 750 metres ( 2460 feet ) right at the edge of the Mantinia plateau in the Peloponnese . The first vines were planted in 1992 , with further expansions in 1998 and 2000 . The wines name , Melissopetra , means “ bee-stones ” : The slate present at this vineyard site is markedly warmer than limestone and attracts the bees . This extra warmth gives the wine an edge , as the ripeness of the grapes is fully reflected .
Tselepos Melissopetra 2011 , 13 % alcohol : Aromas of exotic fruits and rose petals . This Gewurztraminer is very expressive on the palate , with a lively acidity and almost explosive fruit on the mid palate , followed by a long finish . Sipping this makes one long for another glass . The acidity emphasizes the remarkable aromatic power of the wine . Elegant , yet focused .
Gewurztraminer is more than “ just another international grape variety ” grown in Greece . These wines are distinctive , and offer much pleasure for the curious minded .
This is how you do burgers in the fall .
They need to be big , packed with fall goodness , topped with cheesy beer battered onion rings and finished off with an egg . It 's the only way .
It 's still a totally trashy burger , but healthy because um sweet potatoes , beans , quinoa , onion rings and eggs . All healthiness . All delicious . Do n't you just love when that happens ? I certainly do .
So today , I really do n't have a lot of words flowing from my brain to my finger tips . See , the truth is that I live the most boring life and I love it that way , but it 's because of this little blog that I actually have to leave my comfort zone and venture out of my little kitchen and office and into the real world . Which I guess , actually makes my life not all that boring . You could even say that it 's been especially exciting lately , but also especially tiring . Like all I really want to do is make some Halloween cookies with little Asher , but the time is just not there . Story of everyone 's life right ? Maybe we 'll get to it on Halloween ? Better late than never .
Some days I have loads to say , but today ? The only thoughts that are coming to my mind are one , PEACE . You see , Asher , had a friend over… and her friend 's sister ( fall break – I swear I never had all these breaks ! ) . Those girls were so stickin loud that my head still hurts , and so demanding . Jeez . You should have seen the house once the friends left , it looked like a tornado or two went through . Amazing the damage that three tiny little girls can do , they even managed to knock over a dirt bike in the garage . Luckily no one got smooshed .
Thought number two ? Thought number two is that thought number one makes me so excited that the barn is getting near completion… ok , or at least looking like it will be done this year . Thank God . It 's so time for the move-out to happen .
Thought number three is all about these Sweet Potato Black Bean Burgers . They are so good .
This is one of those burgers that got dreamt up on a recent hike . I came home and immediately made them . They just sounded so good that I had to push the other planned recipes for the day aside and focus on these burgers . I was pretty excited about them…still am…clearly .
This burger has all my favorite things , including sweet potatoes . Wow , sweet potatoes are so awesome . I mean , I knew this , but I somehow always forget about them and tend to just grab my all-time favorite butternut squash instead . But I am so into sweet potatoes right now , and they are so good for you too . Hello – B6 , C , D , iron , potassium , magnesium , carotenoids ( which help fight cancer ) , and more ! And can we talk about their gorgeous color ? So pretty , so sweet , yep , I just love um . Hoping you do too because I foresee a lot of sweet potato recipes in the future . YUMMERS .
Anyway , these burgers are like chili in a sweet vegetarian form , with cheesy crunchy onion rings and a fried egg , because fried eggs are meant for pretty much every burger . No really , they are . Got ta love a good fried egg .
I used a combo of my favorite crispy quinoa burger and an oldie recipe from the earlier days of the blog to put together these patties . But here 's the thing about these burger patties , they are delicate . You just have to be careful flipping them . Other than that they are simple , and if you do end up smushing them a little , it 's really no big deal . Whatever they look like they will still taste delicious .
The onion rings are so easy . They 'd be delicious fried if you are into that , but baked works great too and there 's a lot less mess to clean up . Plus , they can bake while you cook the burgers , which makes the timing for everything pretty perfect . And you guys , they are cheddar beer battered onion rings . Does n't that sound so good ? They are . They are .
Also , you 'd be my hero if you added a brussels sprout slaw to these burgers . I was so close to adding it , but I did n't want the recipe to get too long . You should do it though ! !
I served these on some homemade whole wheat beer pretzel buns , but we all ended up not eating the top half of the bun . The truth is , this burger would be perfect served in a “ lettuce ” bun instead of actual buns… wow , did I really just say that ? I am not usually a lettuce wrap kind of girl , traditional burgers n ' buns are usually the way I roll , but lettuce just works really well with these since they 're already pretty carb heavy . Do n't get me wrong , buns are still good , but just sayin – lettuce is equally delish . Either way , you 'll love them and they are the perfect healthy dinner for any autumn night .
Oh , and the leftover patties are so good the next day . Think crumbled over a salad or added to a grilled cheese . Double yes !
And you ca n't forget a little cheddar cheese too . It 's a chili burger after all .
And you guys , all chili should be topped with cheese . Duh .
Print Pin 5 from 4 votes The Recipe Chili Style Sweet Potato Black Bean Burgers w/Baked Cheddar Beer Onion Rings + Fried Eggs . By halfbakedharvest Course : Main Course Cuisine : American Keyword : beer , black bean , burger , cheddar This is how you do burgers in the fall .
Prep Time 30 minutes Cook Time 35 minutes Total Time 1 hour 5 minutes Servings 5 Burgers Calories 365 kcal Ingredients Burgers 1 1/2 cups cooked quinoa
1 cup mashed sweet potatoes about 1 medium sweet potato
1/2 cup black beans finely mashed
1 tablespoons tomato paste
1 large egg lightly beaten
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper
2 teaspoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon worchestire sauce
1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese plus more for topping
4 of your favorite burger buns toasted ( optional , try eating these atop lettuce ! )
4 fried eggs optional ... but not really Baked Cheddar Beer Onion Rings 2 inch large sweet onions cut into 1/2 slices
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup of your favorite beer I used pumpkin beer
1 teaspoon dijon mustard
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cups cheddar cheese crackers finely crushed ( gold fish or cheez it 's )
1/2 cup Panko bread crumbs
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon salt + 1/2 teaspoon pepper Instructions In a bowl combine the quinoa , mashed sweet potatoes , mashed black beans , tomato paste , egg , chili powder , smoked paprika , cinnamon , cayenne , salt , pepper , brown sugar and worchestire . Mix well to moisten the ingredients and then mix in the shredded cheddar cheese . Mix well again and form into 4 or 5 equal burger patties ( I made 4 ) . The mixture will be very wet and sticky , this is fine , just make rough circles . Place on a plate lined with wax paper and place in the fridge while you prepare the onion rings . Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or a silpat . To make the onion rings , whisk together the flour , buttermilk , beer and dijon mustard in medium size mixing bowl . In another shallow bowl , mix together the cheddar cheese cracker crumbs , Panko bread crumbs , smoked paprika , salt and pepper . Now take the slices of onion and dip them through the buttermilk/beer mixture , making sure they are completely covered in batter . Using your other clean hand , dredge the onion ring through the cheddar crumbs , coating completely . Place on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the remaining onion slices . Once you have coated all the onions slices , lightly spray them with olive oil or cooking spray . Bake for 20 to 25 minutes , or until coating is crisp , flipping halfway through . Season with salt , to taste . While the onion rings are baking , cook the burgers . Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil . Remove patties from the fridge and place in the hot skillet . They will be moist and sticky . Cook for 5-6 minutes , then if needed to add more oil and flip the burgers very gently ( be gentle , they crumble easily when hot ) . Cook for another 5-6 minutes . It is important to not flip the burgers until they are ready . During the last minute or so of cooking add some cheddar cheese to the top of each burger , cover the pan and cook 2-3 minutes or until the cheese has melted . My burgers were a little moist and very delicate , if they break on you , just put them back together the best you can . Once you remove them from the skillet and they cool slightly , they will firm up . To assemble the burgers , place each burger on a bun ( or lettuce ) , top with an egg and a few onion rings . Recipe Notes * Adapted from my [ Roasted Garlic Sweet Potato Ranch Burgers | https : //www.halfbakedharvest.com/roasted-garlic-chipotle-cheddar-sweet-potato-burgers-with-avocado-ranch/ ] .
Do n't let these pictures mislead you , these are n't really fork and knife burgers . They 're more of a double hands , get messy kind of burger . Which is obviously the best kind of burger .
Brett Anderson took the Dodgers ' money . His choice was to take $ 15.8 million to pitch for one year , or possibly triple it on the open market . It was some serious Who Wants to Be a Millionaire stuff , but he took the money . The decision makes sense for several reasons . There 's a lot of pitching available this offseason . Teams have traditionally been wary about giving up their draft picks to sign second-tier free agents . And he can hit the free agent market next year .
Focus on that last one . Because , good gravy , next year 's free agent pitchers are disappointing .
Disappointing is probably a little mild . Pretend you 're Caleb J. Rickenton , inventor of miniature kangaroos the size of watermelons . You 're a newly minted billionaire . You just bought your favorite team but , ugh , they ca n't pitch . Let 's put those billions to good work and buy some pitchers . Who 's available ? A power ranking :
1 . Stephen Strasburg
Oh , he 's an ace , alright . Probably . He comes with risks ( Tommy John history , a lousy 2015 season , Scott Boras ) , but if you 're going to pay for talent , it helps if the pitcher has talent . Strasburg has talent . He practically leaks talent . Uh , anyone wants to get some rags and help us out with this talent ? It 's sort of getting everywhere .
But , yes , Strasburg has the potential to lead a rotation . Most definitely . Do n't forget just how awe-inspiring he can be at his best .
2 . C.J . Wilson
He used to be okay ! He 'll be 36 , but I could see a team giving him a two- or three-year deal .
Wilson might be the second-best pitcher on the 2016-2017 free agent market .
3 . Jered Weaver
Wait , he throws 83 miles per hour .
4 . R.A. Dickey
Wait , he 's 83 years old .
5 . Andrew Cashner
So much untapped talent that does n't have to show up just because you want it to . The Gil Meche of a new generation .
6 . Jesse Chavez
Perfectly acceptable , for the most part , kind of .
7 . Brett Anderson
Solid pitcher , but he just accepted the qualifying offer because he correctly figured that teams would n't want to give up a draft pick for him .
8 . Ivan Nova
Power sinker when right , but he 's been hurt or bad for two years now
9 . Jake Peavy
The last time he threw more than six innings in a start was 2007 . Hold on , I should look that up , but I 'm pretty sure ...
10 . Jorge De La Rosa
He 's like the Jorge De La Rosa of pitchers .
Thus endeth the list of the top 10 pitchers available in next year 's free agent market . There are wrinkles . James Shields could opt out of his deal with a half-decent year and clean up , even though he would be leaving a contract that was onerous enough to make sure he was n't claimed on waivers in August . There are also pitchers with team options -- Clay Buchholz , Gio Gonzalez , Jason Hammel , Matt Moore , Kris Medlen , Edinson Volquez -- but if they 're on the market , that means they 're dented cans coming off extremely disappointing seasons .
Other than that , it 's Scott Boras riding Stephen Strasburg into the sky like Falkor from Neverending Story . How excited are you , newly minted billionaire , to spend $ 70 million on Jesse Chavez ? If he has a strong season next year , that 's one of the only options you 'll have .
Here 's what we know about next year 's offseason , and how it will be affected by the relatively poor free agent class :
You do n't know which teams will need pitchers in 2016
The Nationals are in the market for starting pitchers right now . But they had all the starting pitchers ! The Cardinals are in the market for starting pitchers right now . They also had all the starting pitchers ! The Tigers were loaded with pitchers until they were n't .
So even though we can guess at the teams that might be in the market , we could look up next year and realize the Yankees , Dodgers , and Red Sox are all a starter or two short , which would probably ruin it for everyone else . If that happens , Strasburg will get a billion dollars , and Cashner might get a half-billion . Be warned .
Assume that everyone will need a pitcher
Maybe not the Mets , you say , and I agree in theory . But read the last header again . Maybe they will ? Everyone probably will . Pitchers are jerks , and the only solution is to get more pitchers .
And if everyone needs a pitcher , there will be a feeding frenzy for those pitchers up there . A sad , regret-filled feeding frenzy . Except for the teams that have a loaded farm system , because ...
Trades will be the best way to get starting pitching next winter
Alternate header : Exchanging prospects for established players right now might have a consequence next offseason . The Red Sox were loaded before and after the Craig Kimbrel trade , but they still exchanged some of their vaunted depth for a closer . That might make it more difficult -- or more painful -- to trade for a starting pitcher if they need to .
Usually fans like to hug their team 's prospects close because of the beautiful dream of them emerging from chrysalides and becoming All-Stars and Hall of Famers and statues outside of the ballpark . This offseason , though , there 's another practical reason . Just about every team is going to want a starting pitcher a year from now , and if they do n't have appealing trade chips , they 're going to be considering that third year for R.A. Dickey .
Or , if you 'd prefer to hug those prospects a little tighter ...
Might as well pay those suckers now , draft picks be damned
Yovani Gallardo does n't seem like the kind of pitcher you want your team to spend a draft pick on . He 's just so ... competent and generally reliable . Boring , even . There are about eight or nine superior options to him on the market right now , a few of whom would n't cost their new teams a draft pick . If a team is going to spend scores of millions on a pitcher , they usually do n't want to ask , `` I wonder if he 'll be good enough to crack the postseason rotation '' in year one .
And yet if Gallardo were a free agent next offseason , he might be the second-best starter on the market . Read that again and again and again . It 's stunning .
So teams might as well do their holiday shopping in March , get it over with . Look for the players who should n't be too old to help in 2017 , and pay them now as a way to hedge against the nuclear winter of 2016-2017 . Stock up on canned pitcher , and hopefully the forecasts are overblown . But I would n't worry about draft picks too much . Next year seems like a great chance to hang onto them .
All of the above makes it completely stunning that Ian Kennedy rejected the Padres ' qualifying offer . He had a chance to make All-Star money for a year and showcase himself in one of the best pitcher 's parks in baseball . He could have jockeyed with the names up there instead of Zack Greinke , David Price , and Johnny Cueto this year . But Boras is apt to Boras , as the kids say .
You want pitching ? Get it now . You think your team is n't going to need it next year ? Eh , they probably will . It 's a deep market , with a lot of possible permutations . That 's a good thing , because next offseason is a pitching wasteland .
Easy… From cows . The end… .
Actually this is one of my most frequently asked questions…but the answer is n't always simple because it depends greatly on who 's asking and why . Sometimes the question is from someone wants to get into leathercraft so they know where to buy . Sometimes they want to buy as “ American ” as they can , and want to know if the leather is from this country . On other occasions they want to know what tannery because they 've heard good things about specific ones : Horween , Wickett & Craig , etc…In all of these cases the answer is n't super-simple .
Where I buy my leather
I deal with about 8-10 different leather suppliers ( it 's actually a pretty small world ) , but I only buy “ stock ” leathers occasionally from a few of them . When I buy stock leathers it 's usually 500-3000 square feet at a time , which is why I 'm not terribly well equipped to give a recommendation to a beginning leatherworker or hobbyist who wants to buy a specific leather . There are a few companies but leather is n't like paint where you can just pick a color , order and get it in a few days . Most tanneries do n't keep a ton of leather “ on the shelf ” and ready to go .
If you need a very specific color or leathers it may be hard or even impossible to find unless you 're willing to take large amounts of both time and money to have made up . Even with popular leathers like Chromexcel , the waiting time can be months between placing an order and getting the leather .
Another thing to realize is that leather will vary greatly from batch to batch : I 've ordered the “ same ” leather from the same tannery but each time the color and level of gloss has been slightly different ; not a big deal but enough that I could n't mix it with the previous batch in the same item without it looking strange .
Because of these factors sometimes it 's hard to explain to customer with project that if they want a large number of an item in a specific color , it may be much more expensive than the “ stock ” price for the same item . There are circumstances in which an order for 100 pieces of an item would cost less per item than an order for 10,000…
Steals and Deals : How I keep my prices down :
So one thing that gets me a little bit of hate ( or at least raises questions ) from my fellow leather workers has to do with my prices , in fact , because many of my wallets are under $ 30 retail… I get asked how the time how I can do it . While , I have some techniques and tricks that have helped me reduce labor and streamline , the biggest factor in keeping my costs down ( especially for wholesale ) has to do with picking up deals on leather .
Overruns
One supplier I deal closely with gets me overruns of leathers from SB Foot ( Red Wing 's in-house tannery ) . These are awesome “ American Tanned ” leathers that I use whenever possible . I 'm able to get specific leathers that come up from time to time so I 'm able to get some consistency , however if I were to get a giant ( thousands of pieces ) order I may or may not be able to enough of any of these leathers quickly . Also , since they are what you 'd call “ boot leathers ” , I do n't really see bright colors like pink , purple , blue or red . It 's also not suitable for “ soft ” items like pouches and purses .
Upholstery scrap
I 'd venture to say that most of the leather in my warehouse has come from odd lots and deals that my suppliers offer me from time to time . I do lots of “ assorted ” embossed pouches as “ packaging ” for jewelers and other companies . For this type of leather I have a guy who shows up every few weeks with garbage bags full of assorted upholstery scrap ( usually a couple hundred pounds ) from the North Carolina furniture industry . When it 's a “ normal ” color like black , brown , burgundy , navy or tan , I can put it into stock products , but because the vast majority of it is distressed or in random colors , it goes into assorted mixes of drawstring pouches and other small items . Here are some pictures of this “ scrap ritual ” :
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Pig in a Poke Deals :
Other suppliers will call me up ( or email ) with scrap or odd hides from major shoe/boot companies , belt makers , or other leather companies . Sometimes there are pictures and descriptions ( swatches or even samples if I 'm very fortunate ) for these deals , but more often than not , it 's a cheap price for what usually amounts to somewhat of a surprise . It can be a 10,000 pounds of scrap from a guitar strap factory in Canada , 10,000 feet of assorted hides from a small goods leather factory in the USA , or 12,000 pounds of large scrap pieces from a high-end dress shoe company in New England or even full sides sample hides sold by the pound from the supplier themselves . When I know the company that was using it , I 'm better able to know if I 'm getting “ the good stuff ” . When these deals go well , it becomes and ongoing thing to take on scrap whenever it 's available .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Lower prices , still high quality :
I always use high quality leather ( and suede ) you wo n't find any finished splits or other “ junk ” leather in my products but , my “ brown ” or “ black ” this month may not be the exact same leather today as it will be 6 months from now ( I try to keep as much consistency as I can ) . So , for my “ standard ” products and the ones that go out to my wholesale customers it 's hard to say if the leather was tanned in the USA or not . It 's also hard to know the specific tannery a leather comes from because not all of them stamp their leather on the back with their name and logo . Other tanneries are n't really interested in becoming “ famous ” ; for example , upholstery leather is tough leather , meant to be sat on and abused for years , but I do n't know many people ( even leatherworkers ) who could name even one upholstery leather tannery . The companies that make the furniture are concerned with their brand , but the tanneries do n't really need to market to the public at large , so they do n't .
Sometimes it 's crazy-high-quality leather :
Lots of my brown and tan wallets are from some amazing scrap calf leather that I bought from a super-high-end shoe company , but because it was scrap , I have no idea of the tannery ( probably European based on the look and feel ) . I 've even used scrap leather from H.A.A.S . tannery ( controlled by Hermes ) in my “ standard ” trifold wallets that sell for around $ 25 , even though if I had to buy this leather directly , the leather alone would cost more than what I sell the wallets for .
By popular demand : Specific leathers
I have , in the last few years , started to offer some more specific leathers ( SB Foot and Horween ) in certain products on my retail site so people are more aware of what they 're getting . But truth be told , I guarantee all my products the same , no matter where I get the leather . Even my “ cheaper ” products ones are still “ buy it for life quality . ”
A few words about “ American Leather ”
I mentioned in the outset of this post that one of the motive for the question “ where do you get your leather ? ” is the idea of getting an item that 's as much “ Made in USA ” as possible . I 've been making products here my entire life and strongly believe that there are lots of great reasons to buy things made here whenever possible . That being said , leather is a global commodity ( like most “ raw materials ” ) , so it really depends on where you want to start in the leather making process if you want to call a leather “ American ” or not . SB Foot gets it 's hides in the stage called “ Wet Blue ” which is a form of pre-tanning , this means that the leather can come from any number of places in the world and is then finished in their tannery in Red Wing MN . Horween does lots of work with horse leather , like shell cordovan ; because here in the USA we do n't have much taste for horse meat , these hides usually come from Canada and Europe . Are these leathers from SB Foot and Horween American ? Most people would say so . It 's also hard to argue with using scrap that I 'm buying from an American company , even though the leather is originally from Europe . The scrap was generated here , and while it 's technically not “ Made in USA ” , if your motives for “ buying American ” are to keep money in the United States economy , then the end result no different from buying full hides from an American tannery .
So that 's it , where I get my leather and how . Hope you 've enjoyed this peak inside my shop .
Advertisements
Tottenham Hotspur supporters must love how DeAndre Yedlin is producing for them ... while on another team .
The Seattle Sounders product and Tottenham loanee helped Sunderland beat Manchester United 2-1 on Saturday and , according to WhoScored.com , he was also the second-highest rated player on the field at right back . The result was a massive setback to one of Tottenham Hotspurs ' direct competitors in their quest for a place in the UEFA Champions League .
It was Sunderland 's first home win against ManUtd since 1997 and the match marked Yedlin 's first English Premier League start since December 5 of last year . He came in for the injured Billy Jones , who sat out with a hip ailment .
Yedlin , who was transferred by Seattle to Tottenham in August 2014 , is currently on a season-long loan to Sunderland and only a few days ago his manager , Sam Allardyce , explained why he has n't given the 22-year-old more playing time .
`` Billy has got a lot of experience and we 've got DeAndre , who has got very little experience at this level , '' Allardyce told The Independent . `` He [ Yedlin ] has got a lot of qualities , but without that experience , it 's a massive ask to perform at the consistent level that you need to at this stage of the season , under the pressure that we 're all under . ''
You 've got to wonder if `` Big Sam '' is feeling a little differently today .
Bad dive by me , kids do n't do that lol ! But great fight from the team to get 3 points today ! Support was unreal ! # SAFC — DeAndre Yedlin ( @ yedlinny ) February 13 , 2016
DeAndre Yedlin and Sunderland beat Man Utd 2-1 . Good game from Yedlin overall , win should help him keep his lineup spot . # usmnt — Doug McIntyre ( @ DougMacESPN ) February 13 , 2016
De Andre Yedlin was absolutely brilliant today , thrown in at the deep end against Martial # SAFC — Ben Fraser ( @ Ben_Fraser_ ) February 13 , 2016
Was he perfect ? No ... but fact is Deandre Yedlin went 90+ in a win against ManU -- top win of the year for # Sunderland . Deserves another start . — Stephen Meyer ( @ StephenMeyer_BR ) February 13 , 2016
Encouraging performance by DeAndre Yedlin , who , despite falling asleep on Man United 's goal , looked confident at right back . # SUNMUN # USMNT — Joe Lago ( @ joelago ) February 13 , 2016
Unreal play from DeAndre Yedlin , had our defence on strings for a second . Breezed past three or four players with absolute ease . — NM ( @ ffsRooney ) February 13 , 2016
In December last year , we wrote a list of Top 10 Incredible Food Facts which was very popular . So we are now presenting you with a second list of even more fascinating food facts . If you want to add some interesting facts of your own to the comments , please feel free .
10 Butter Tea
Fascinating Fact : In Tibet , a common drink is butter tea – it is made from yak butter , salt , and tea .
The average Tibetan can drink 50 – 60 cups of this tea in any one day ! It is made by drying Chinese tea in the road for several days ( to let it acquire a strong flavor ) . The tea is then boiled for up to half a day and churned in bamboo churns to which salt , a pinch of soda , and rancid butter have been added . When drinking the tea , you can blow the scum ( from the butter ) away from the edge of the cup and sip . Some Tibetans add “ tsu ” and flour to their tea ( in much the same way as we add milk and sugar ) . Tsu is a mixture of hardened cheese , butter , and sugar . When you sip the tea , your host will refill your cup as it should always remain full . We now move on from one drink to another :
9 Hot Chocolate
Fascinating Fact : The ancient Mayans made truly hot chocolate – they added chilies and corn to it !
The first records of chocolate being used for drinking come from residue found in ancient Mayan pots – it dates back to the 5th century AD . The drink was made by pounding chocolate beans in to a paste which was then mixed with water , chili peppers , cornmeal , and assorted spices . The drink was then poured back and forth between a cup and a pot , which gave it a foamy head . This was drunk cold , and people of all classes drank it regularly . The drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike today 's hot chocolate . When Chocolate finally reached the west , it was very expensive , costing between $ 50 – $ 70 per pound in equivalent modern US dollars . If you ever get to Paris , be sure to visit Angelina for the best hot chocolate in the world – try the Chocolat l'Africain ( pictured above – recipe below ) .
Combine 3/4 cup whole milk , 1/4 cup heavy cream and 1 teaspoon confectioners ' sugar and heat over med-high till bubbles appear around edges . Remove from heat and add 4 oz of the best bittersweet chocolate ( 72 % ) you can find ( chopped ) . Stir till melted ( you may need to return it to low heat ) . Serve with whipped cream .
8 Mysterious History of Donuts
Fascinating Fact : No one really knows when donuts were invented or who invented them .
Donuts ( doughnuts in UK English ) , were originally made as a long twist of dough – not in the ring form that is most common these days . It was also common in England for donuts to be made in a ball shape and injected with Jam after they were cooked – this is still very common . Both methods of cooking involve no human intervention as the ball and twist will turn itself over when the underside is cooked . The ring donut common to America just seemed to appear – but one Hansen Gregory , an American , claimed to have invented it in 1847 when he was traveling on a steam boat ; he was not satisfied with the texture of the center of the donut so he pressed a hole in the center with the ship 's pepper box .
7 Apple , Potato , or Onion ?
Fascinating Fact : Apples , potatoes , and onions all taste the same when eaten with your nose plugged .
As a child we had a science class in which we were blindfolded , had our noses plugged , and given an apple or onion to eat – we were not told which of the two we would be given . Not one person was able to state which was which . This shows the incredibly important part that the nose plays in the sense of taste . The fact that the three items have a similar consistency makes it virtually impossible to tell them apart without the sense of smell . If you try this , I should warn you : once you unblock your nose , you can tell what you have just eaten .
6 Floating Eggs
Fascinating Fact : When an egg floats in water , it is “ off ” and should not be eaten .
As eggs age , gases build up inside the shell making it more buoyant . This is the best way to test whether an egg has gone rotten without having to break open the shell , risking the foul odor escaping . When an egg is extremely fresh it will lie on its side at the bottom of a glass of water . As it ages , the egg will begin to point upwards , and will finally float completely when it has gone bad . Fresh eggs have a very firm white , whilst old eggs have a very watery white . This is why it is best to use the freshest eggs possible for poaching and frying . Older eggs are perfectly good for omelets or scrambling .
5 Vanilla Junkie
Fascinating Fact : The consumption of natural vanilla causes the body to release catecholamines ( including adrenalin ) – for this reason it is considered to be mildly addictive .
When vanilla plants were first exported from Mexico to other tropical climes , they flowered but would n't produce vanilla pods . It was discovered that a bee native to Mexico was the only creature that could pollinate vanilla flowers ( vanilla comes from a special species of orchid ) . Attempts to move the bee to other countries failed and it was not until a slave boy discovered a method of artificial pollination that Mexico lost its monopoly on vanilla . As well as being mildly addictive , vanilla has also been found to block bacterial infections .
4 Banana Trees
Fascinating Fact : Banana trees are not actually trees – they are giant herbs .
The large stem that is mistaken for a trunk on a banana tree is actually a “ pseudostem ” meaning “ fake stem ” . Each pseudostem provides a single bunch of yellow , green , or red bananas . This then dies and is replaced by another pseudostem . Smaller bunches of bananas ( such as the ones we buy in shops ) are actually called “ hands ” – not “ bunches ” which can weigh up to 50 kilograms . The bananas that we eat are specially cultivated to exclude seeds – therefore you ca n't plant a banana tree from a commercially grown banana . Wild bananas have many large hard seeds ( pictured above ) .
3 Brain Freezes
Fascinating Fact : The term “ brain freeze ” was invented by 7-11 to explain the pain one feels when drinking a slurpee too fast .
Believe it or not , there is a real scientific name for “ brain freeze ” – it is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia ( try saying that 5 times fast ! ) When something very cold ( usually ice cream ) touches the top palate of the mouth , it causes the blood vessels to constrict . This makes the nerves send a signal to the brain to re-open them . The rapid re-opening of the vessels causes a build up of fluid in the tissues causing a slight swelling in the forehead and , therefore , causing pain . It normally takes 30 – 60 seconds for the fluid to drain , relieving the pain .
2 Ancient Sauce
Fascinating Fact : Ketchup was originally a fish sauce originating in the orient .
Two words from the Fujian region of China were used to describe a fish brine / sauce and a tomato sauce – both words bear a striking resemblance in sound to the word “ ketchup ” ; the words are : ke-tsap and kio-chiap . Early western ketchups were made with fish and spices , or mushrooms . In fact , mushroom ketchup is still available in the United Kingdom and it is prized by some modern chefs for its natural inclusion of monosodium glutamate – the only substance known to stimulate the 5th human taste sense umami ( savoury ) .
1 Feel Good With 7-Up
Fascinating Fact : 7-Up – invented in 1920 contained Lithium – the drug commonly prescribed now to sufferers of bi-polar disorder .
The drink was originally marketed as a hangover cure – due to the inclusion of lithium citrate . It was released just a few years before the Wall Street crash of the 1920s and it was marketed under the name “ Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda ” – quite a mouthful ! The name was changed to 7-Up shortly after its release but lithium remained one of the ingredients until 1950 . Some popular myths surround the name of the drink – but the name is most likely due to the original recipe containing 7 ingredients ( with the “ up ” portion relating to the lithium ) or the fact that lithium has an atomic mass of 7 .
Contributor : JFrater
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you do n't miss out on our latest lists .
Thursday July 31
Setting up a TOR Relay on your VPS
If your hosting company allows it , running a TOR relay is an excellent way to contribute to the Onion network which among other things , provides anonymous internet access for :
International Reporters and Whistleblowers
Individuals living under governments that restrict internet access
Individuals whom wish to protect their privacy online
Install and configure the TOR Relay
Note : Make sure you follow the instructions here to add TOR 's repositories before installing using apt-get !
First , make sure your apt repos are up to date :
sudo apt-get update
Then , install the TOR bundle :
sudo apt-get install tor
Edit the torrc file to prevent exit traffic :
sudo vim /etc/tor/torrc
and change the following lines :
ORPort 443 Exitpolicy reject * : * # most important line : disallows exit traffic ! Nickname $ SOME_NICK ContactInfo $ YOUR_EMAIL_ADDRESS
Lastly , restart the tor service !
sudo service tor restart
Monitoring your TOR relay
Theres an excellent project called tor-arm that allows you keep tabs on your relay . You can install it using apt :
apt-get install tor-arm
Then , just run :
sudo -u debian-tor arm
I like to keep mine going in a screen .
Conclusion
There you have it ! You 're helping individuals around the world communicate anonymously and safely over the internet . You should consider registering your node with Tor Weather as you can win a free shirt if you keep your node up long enough !
Was this helpful ? BTC : 19yX3KZ7bMPdxChtefZ4RhVCzmvpXnYZYj LTC : LZ1DxLdZEnwpoQvNRtJsifMe28Kt7ijV9n
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein : Looking to take over the FIFA hotseat immediately
Prince Ali of Jordan is investigating if FIFA rules would allow him to be declared interim president before a fresh election , according to Sky sources .
With Sepp Blatter revealing he was standing down as the investigation into football corruption intensified , speculation built throughout Wednesday on which candidates would be keen to go for the vacant role .
Brazil legend Zico revaled he was considering standing for the post , along with South Korea 's Chung Mong-joon . UEFA president Michel Platini and ex-Newcastle United star David Ginola , put up by a bookmaker to run against Blatter before failing to get a single nomination , are other possibilities .
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah ( newly elected on FIFA 's executive committee ) , Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa ( head of Asian football confederation ) , Dutch FA chief Michael Van Praag and Issa Hayatou ( president of African football ) may also be contenders .
Watch a reminder of Prince Alin Bin Al Hussein 's closing speech at the FIFA congress . Watch a reminder of Prince Alin Bin Al Hussein 's closing speech at the FIFA congress .
Prince Ali secured enough votes against Blatter last week to have taken the election to a second round and after hinting he might run again , Sky sources can reveal his team are keen on seeing if their man can be installed in the position with immediate effect until the full election .
One official said the election of a replacement might not take place until at least December . In the interim period , Blatter has promised to `` focus on driving far-reaching , fundamental reforms that transcend our previous efforts '' .
Former FIFA Presidential Candidate Luis Figo says the time is n't right to decide whether he will put himself forward again as a candidate now that Sepp Bla Former FIFA Presidential Candidate Luis Figo says the time is n't right to decide whether he will put himself forward again as a candidate now that Sepp Bla
On the back of Blatter 's shock announcement , Prince Ali said : `` I think this is the right move from Sepp Blatter and I think we have to look to the future .
`` I am always there to serve football and I think that 's the most important thing and to do so much work to fix this organisation in a proper way . I am at the disposal of our national associations . ''
In January , the English Football Association formally nominated Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein as a candidate to stand against Blatter .
Follow all the latest news on FIFA and Sepp Blatter on Sky Sports News HQ and online throughout the day
Illustration by Brett Ryder
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
IN 1978 Michael Jensen , an American economist , boldly declared that “ there is no other proposition in economics which has more solid empirical evidence supporting it than the efficient-markets hypothesis ” ( EMH ) . That was quite a claim . The theory 's origins went back to the beginning of the century , but it had come to prominence only a decade or so before . Eugene Fama , of the University of Chicago , defined its essence : that the price of a financial asset reflects all available information that is relevant to its value .
From that idea powerful conclusions were drawn , not the least on Wall Street . If the EMH held , then markets would price financial assets broadly correctly . Deviations from equilibrium values could not last for long . If the price of a share , say , was too low , well-informed investors would buy it and make a killing . If it looked too dear , they could sell or short it and make money that way . It also followed that bubbles could not form—or , at any rate , could not last : some wise investor would spot them and pop them . And trying to beat the market was a fool 's errand for almost everyone . If the information was out there , it was already in the price .
On such ideas , and on the complex mathematics that described them , was founded the Wall Street profession of financial engineering . The engineers designed derivatives and securitisations , from simple interest-rate options to ever more intricate credit-default swaps and collateralised debt obligations . All the while , confident in the theoretical underpinnings of their inventions , they reassured any doubters that all this activity was not just making bankers rich . It was making the financial system safer and the economy healthier .
That is why many people view the financial crisis that began in 2007 as a devastating blow to the credibility not only of banks but also of the entire academic discipline of financial economics . That verdict is too simple . Granted , financial economists helped to start the bankers ' party , and some joined in with gusto . But even when the EMH still seemed fresh , economists were picking holes in it . A strand of sceptical thought , behavioural economics , has been booming . There are even signs of a synthesis between the EMH and the sceptics . Academia thus moved on , even if Wall Street did not . Nonetheless , the extent to which politicians and regulators trying to reform finance can trust financial economists is an open question .
The EMH , to be sure , has loyal defenders . “ There are models , and there are those who use the models , ” says Myron Scholes , who in 1997 won the Nobel prize in economics for his part in creating the most widely used model in the finance industry—the Black-Scholes formula for pricing options . Mr Scholes thinks much of the blame for the recent woe should be pinned not on economists ' theories and models but on those on Wall Street and in the City who pushed them too far in practice .
Financial firms plugged in data that reflected a “ view of the world that was far more benign than it was reasonable to take , emphasising recent inputs over more historic numbers , ” says Mr Scholes . “ Apparently , a lot of the models used for structured products were pretty good , but the inputs were awful. ” Indeed , the vast majority of derivative contracts and securitisations have performed exactly as their models said they would . It was the exceptions that proved disastrous .
Mr Scholes knows whereof he speaks . Long-Term Capital Management ( LTCM ) , a hedge fund he founded with , among others , Robert Merton , a fellow Nobel laureate , skidded off the road in 1998 . Since then , he has been pointing out dangers ignored or underestimated in the finance industry , such as the risk that liquid markets can dry up far faster than is typically assumed . ( That did not stop Platinum Grove , the latest hedge fund in which he is involved , taking a big hit during the recent meltdown . )
He has also been “ criticising for years ” the “ value-at-risk ” ( VAR ) models used by institutional investors to work out how much capital they need to set aside as insurance against losses on risky assets . These models mistakenly assume that the volatility of asset prices and the correlations between prices are constant , says Mr Scholes . When , say , two types of asset were assumed to be uncorrelated , investors felt able to hold the same capital as a cushion against losses on both , because they would not lose on both at the same time . However , as Mr Scholes discovered at LTCM and as the entire finance industry has now learnt for itself , at times of market stress assets that normally are uncorrelated can suddenly become highly correlated . At that point the capital buffer implied by VAR turns out to be woefully inadequate .
Even as financial engineers were designing all sorts of clever products on the assumption that markets were efficient , academic economists were focusing more on how markets fall short . Even before the 1987 stockmarket crash gave them their first real-world reminder of markets ' capriciousness , some of them were examining the flaws in the theory .
In 1980 Sanford Grossman and Joseph Stiglitz , another subsequent winner of a Nobel prize , pointed out a paradox . If prices reflect all information , then there is no gain from going to the trouble of gathering it , so no one will . A little inefficiency is necessary to give informed investors an incentive to drive prices towards efficiency . For Mr Scholes , it is the belief that markets tend to return prices to their efficient equilibrium when they move away from it that gives the EMH its continuing relevance .
Economists also began to study “ institutional frictions ” in markets . For instance , the EMH 's devotees had assumed that smart investors would be able to trade against less well-informed “ noise traders ” and overwhelm them by driving prices to reflect true value . But it became clear that there were limits to their ability to arbitrage folly away . Andrei Shleifer , a Harvard economist , among others , pointed out that it could be too costly for informed investors to borrow enough to bet against the noise traders . Once it is admitted that prices can move away from fundamentals for a long time , informed investors may do best by riding the trend rather than fighting it . The trick then is to get out just before momentum shifts the other way . But in this world , rational investors may contribute to bubbles rather than preventing them .
In the early years of the EMH , researchers spent little time worrying about the workings of financial institutions—a weakness of macroeconomics too . In 2000 , in his presidential address to the American Finance Association , Franklin Allen , of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , asked : “ Do financial institutions matter ? ” Lay people , he said , “ might be surprised to learn that institutions play little role in financial theory. ” Indeed they might . Mr Allen 's explanation was partly that the dominant theories had been shaped at a time when America , especially , was spared financial crises .
Illustration by Brett Ryder
In the past decade or so , financial economists have been paying more attention to institutional questions , such as how bankers should be paid . Many of these researchers broadly accept the EMH , but see their role as uncovering sources of inefficiency that can be addressed to make markets more efficient .
However , a second branch of financial economics is far more sceptical about markets ' inherent rationality . Behavioural economics , which applies the insights of psychology to finance , has boomed in the past decade . In particular , behavioural economists have argued that human beings tend to be too confident of their own abilities and tend to extrapolate recent trends into the future , a combination that may contribute to bubbles . There is also evidence that losses can make investors extremely , irrationally risk-averse—exaggerating price falls when a bubble bursts .
Behavioural economists were among the first to sound the alarm about trouble in the markets . Notably , Robert Shiller of Yale gave an early warning that America 's housing market was dangerously overvalued . This was his second prescient call . In the 1990s his concerns about the bubbliness of the stockmarket had prompted Alan Greenspan , then chairman of the Federal Reserve , to wonder if the heady share prices of the day were the result of investors ' “ irrational exuberance ” . The title of Mr Shiller 's latest book , “ Animal Spirits ” ( written with George Akerlof , of the University of California , Berkeley ) , is taken from John Maynard Keynes 's description of the quirky psychological forces shaping markets . It argues that macroeconomics , too , should draw lessons from psychology .
“ In some ways , we behavioural economists have won by default , because we have been less arrogant , ” says Richard Thaler of the University of Chicago , one of the pioneers of behavioural finance . Those who denied that prices could get out of line , or ever have bubbles , “ look foolish ” . Mr Scholes , however , insists that the efficient-market paradigm is not dead : “ To say something has failed you have to have something to replace it , and so far we do n't have a new paradigm to replace efficient markets. ” The trouble with behavioural economics , he adds , is that “ it really has n't shown in aggregate how it affects prices . ”
Yet EMH-ers and behaviouralists are increasingly asking the same questions and drawing on each other 's ideas . For instance , Mr Thaler concedes that in some ways the events of the past couple of years have strengthened the EMH . The hypothesis has two parts , he says : the “ no-free-lunch part and the price-is-right part , and if anything the first part has been strengthened as we have learned that some investment strategies are riskier than they look and it really is difficult to beat the market. ” The idea that the market price is the right price , however , has been badly dented .
Mr Thaler also says that only some of the recent problems were behavioural . Many were due to things that are open to non-behavioural economics , “ like better risk analysis , how we identify hidden correlations. ” It will be no surprise if , thanks to the catalytic power of the bubble and market meltdown , the distinctions between the two camps disappear and a new paradigm emerges .
One economist leading the effort to define that new paradigm is Andrew Lo , of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , who sees merit in both the rational and behavioural views . He has tried to reconcile them in the “ adaptive markets hypothesis ” , which supposes that humans are neither fully rational nor psychologically unhinged . Instead , they work by making best guesses and by trial and error . If one investment strategy fails , they try another . If it works , they stick with it . Mr Lo borrows heavily from evolutionary science . He does not see markets as efficient in Mr Fama 's sense , but thinks they are fiercely competitive . Because the “ ecology ” changes over time , people make mistakes when adapting . Old strategies become obsolete and new ones are called for .
The finance industry is in the midst of a transformative period of evolution , and financial economists have a huge agenda to tackle . They should do so quickly , given the determination of politicians to overhaul the regulation of financial markets .
One task , also of interest to macroeconomists , is to work out what central bankers should do about bubbles—now that it is plain that they do occur and can cause great damage when they burst . Not even behaviouralists such as Mr Thaler would want to see , say , the Fed trying to set prices in financial markets . He does see an opportunity , however , for governments to “ lean into the wind a little more ” to reduce the volatility of bubbles and crashes . For instance , when guaranteeing home loans , Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , America 's giant mortgage companies , could be required to demand higher down-payments as a proportion of the purchase price , the higher house prices are relative to rents .
Another priority is to get a better understanding of systemic risk , which Messrs Scholes and Thaler agree has been seriously underestimated . A lot of risk-managers in financial firms believed their risk was perfectly controlled , says Mr Scholes , “ but they needed to know what everyone else was doing , to see the aggregate picture. ” It turned out that everyone was doing very similar things . So when their VAR models started telling them to sell , they all did—driving prices down further and triggering further model-driven selling .
Several countries now expect to introduce a systemic-risk regulator . Financial economists may have useful advice to offer . Many of them see information as crucial . Data should be collected from individual firms and aggregated . The overall data should then be published . That would be better , they think , than a system based solely on the micromanagement of individual institutions deemed systemically significant . Mr Scholes favours relying less on VAR to calculate capital reserves against losses . Instead , each category of asset should have its own risk-capital reserves , which could not be shared with other assets , even if prices had not been correlated in the past . As experience shows , correlations can change suddenly .
Financial economists also need better theories of why liquid markets suddenly become illiquid and of how to manage the risk of “ moral hazard ” —the danger that the existence of government regulation and safety nets encourages market participants to take bigger risks than they might otherwise have done . The sorry consequences of letting Lehman Brothers fail , which was intended to discourage moral hazard , showed that the middle of a crisis is not the time to get tough . But when is ?
Mr Lo has a novel idea for future crises : creating a financial equivalent of the National Transport Safety Board , which investigates every civil-aviation crash in America . He would like similar independent , after-the-fact scrutiny of every financial failure , to see what caused it and what lessons could be learned . Not the least of the difficulties in the continuing crisis is working out exactly what went wrong and why—and who , including financial economists , should take the blame .
A bigger question is whether it signals a change within the Republican Party . | Getty and AP Photos Republicans stop talking tax cuts
Something is missing from this year 's midterm elections .
Republicans are talking about ISIL and President Barack Obama and the Affordable Care Act and Harry Reid . But what they are n't talking about ?
Story Continued Below
Slashing tax rates .
Though tax cuts have been a mainstay of their campaigns since at least Ronald Reagan , though the top marginal tax rate is now the highest since the 1980s , though the party could win control of both chambers of Congress for the first time in almost a decade , Republicans are barely mentioning reducing tax rates with voters .
“ In a campaign , you talk about what people are interested in , ” said Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-Iowa ) . “ I keep notes on all my town meetings ” and “ tax cuts have n't come up . ”
( Also on POLITICO : GOP preps for battle after Election Day )
It 's a turnabout for a party sometimes mocked as maniacally focused on tax cuts , and a big switch from the last time voters went to the polls , when lawmakers clashed over the fate of trillions in Bush-era tax cuts . It also amounts to a little-noticed boon this election season to Democrats , who 've long been pummeled over whether the public deserved tax “ relief . ”
A bigger question is whether it also signals a change within the Republican Party .
Some lawmakers — including ones no one would confuse for moderates — said they 're less interested in tax cuts than tax reform , a subtle distinction that has major political and policy implications .
Republicans can cut tax rates in a Tax Code overhaul , but not without making wrenching changes elsewhere , as they ‘ ll need to replace the revenue lost to the Treasury . That means there will be losers — lots of them — unlike , say , with George W. Bush 's tax cuts , when the main question facing Republicans was how to distribute the goodies .
( Also on POLITICO : The worst campaigns of 2014 )
But with overall revenue levels about in line with historical averages and the economy still soft , some Republicans are looking past the party 's old playbook on taxes .
“ We have to stop being one-trick ponies , ” said California Rep. John Campbell , a member of the arch-conservative Republican Study Committee and the No . 4 Republican on the House Budget Committee .
“ I want to see taxes come down , but it 's not a panacea , ” he said . “ It wo n't cure all our ills . We ca n't say tax cuts will cure this , cure that and cure the other thing , because it 's just not credible. ” He said , “ The purpose of tax reform is not to cut revenue to the government or to cut taxes — it 's to grow the economy . ”
Rep. Tom Cole ( R-Okla. ) said : “ People are more concerned with what 's fair and necessary in taxes than they are about an individual tax cut or tax increase for themselves . ”
( Also on POLITICO : It 's not the year of the elephant )
Republicans are moving beyond arguments about whether “ it should be this rate versus that , ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) .
“ The era of tax reform and overhauling the Tax Code is replacing [ an emphasis on ] numbers , ” he said . “ A flatter tax with fewer deductions is the new mantra . ”
It 's a surprising epilogue to the more than decadelong battle over the Bush tax cuts that lawmakers only settled last year , on the edge of the so-called fiscal cliff . Lawmakers permanently extended most rates , which were set to rise without action , though they allowed the top rate to increase to 39.6 percent . That , along with new taxes within Obamacare , pushed the actual top rate to almost 45 percent .
Though still low by historical standards , that 's the highest since the Reagan administration . Republicans once argued that allowing the increase would wreak havoc on the economy , but lawmakers say their constituents are now more focused on issues like the battle against Islamic militants in Syria .
Follow @ politico
× Hundreds attend Cannabis Career Fair in Denver
DENVER — Hundreds of job seekers attended a Cannabis Career Fair in Denver on Sunday . Organizers said there were a wide variety of jobs available at dozens of companies .
The event at Mile High Station was part of an effort to increase diversity in the industry .
Officials with Marijuana Industry Group ( MIG ) and Servicios de La Raza said the idea is to “ bridge the gap between underrepresented communities that may not be networked in to traditional cannabis recruitment channels and employment opportunities . ”
“ Our partnership with MIG works to break down barriers of discrimination and lack of access , and this career fair collaboration is another example of that . We want people in our community to know that there are legal jobs in a regulated industry that are available , ” Rudy Gonzales , Executive director of Servicios de La Raza said in a statement issued to the media . “ Cannabis businesses offer meaningful employment at living wages , and that 's what we look for when we want to break the cycle of poverty . ”
Representatives from Servicios de La Raza were onsite at the Marijuana Industry Group booth to offer solutions for adults looking for employment opportunities , including free job skills training programs ; WAGEES , a program that offers re-entry services , adult job development and transportation assistance ; and VISTAS , which focuses on domestic violence and general crime victims , safety planning and legal advocacy .
The event took place from noon to 5 p.m. at 2027 Old West Colfax Avenue in Denver .
Ok , so I 'm having issues after just receiving and connecting this today . I had a 5 port tp link switch before , but wanted all my devices on the same ip address set , so I removed 3 devices from my modem and basically just swapped the two switches . When I connect the lan cable from router to switch , I have nothing at all , wired or wireless . I remove that cable and all is fine . I have super fast internet and a quality router ( ASUS RT-AC3200 ) . The only difference is the switching out of the two switches . Did I receive a lemon , or what could be the issue ? Asus tech support could n't help me .
BEST ANSWER : This is an unmanaged switch . This means it will forward traffic by MAC address and is not aware of IP addresses . One of the other 3 devices you removed must have been providing your devices with an IP address - a router , not a switch . From your description your Asus router does not have DHCP ( IP address assignment ) turned on . Either connect the router that had DHCP back to the network , or turn on DHCP on router . Your question is not exactly clear , it sounds like your devices are not being assigned an IP address so I based the answer on this . Reply
Inaccurate
Alan C
I would n't want to be thought of as an unconstructive critic . I like to think that , while I have been known to liken games to dirty pants , I can always suggest methods of fixing the dirty pants issues . Like laundering , say . That would be a good start .
But there 's rarely enough time in a video to pull down every pair of dirty pants on a game and run them through a spin cycle , so here we are again in Extra Punctuation to fill in the blanks . I had a lot to say about Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood 's frustrating 'showdown ' minigame , so I would like to challenge myself with the question : what would I have done to fix it ?
To be honest , I like the idea , and I appreciate the effort . It must have been very tempting to just stick in a Quick Time Event . Wild West showdowns are probably as close to a real-life Quick Time Event as you can get , especially if anyone ever had to pull the trigger of a Walker Colt several times in order to push something heavy . But no , showdowns in Call of Juarez are practically a science . You sidestep back and forth to keep the baddie in the centre ( because otherwise your crosshair is n't centered when you draw ) , move your hand with the right analog stick so it does n't touch the holster ( why are n't we allowed to keep our hand on the gun while we wait ? Bloody cowboys making it difficult for themselves ) , then when a bell rings , move your hand onto the gun and hit 'fire ' when the crosshair travels up to the baddie 's scrotum .
For a while the minigame works and I can even sort of understand having it instead of a boss fights ; in other Western games I 've always had trouble accepting an evil cowboy who can take fifty shots to the face . What I do n't like is the fact that they use it for every boss fight . In every single chapter . It 's not just that it 's repetitive ; with difficulty curves being what they are each one has to be harder than the last , and the only way to do that is to make the baddie draw faster . By the end of the game they 're doing that whole Gene Wilder in Blazing Saddles thing and you 'll fail over and over again until you memorize the timing .
The other thing is , these are main story baddies . We hate each other . They 've spent the entire game chasing us , ruining our lives , sending wave after wave of black-hats to gun us down and cut our throats , and we 've offloaded enough lead in their direction to replace a church roof . At any other point in the game , we would have killed each other without a second 's thought . But at the end of each chapter , as predictable as the tides , out comes baddie du jour making up some excuse about how his gammy leg 's hurting and he 'd like to do a showdown now . And I 'm trying to pull the fucking trigger all while he 's talking but my characters have come down with cutscene stupidity .
Three weeks on from the Virgil van Dijk tapping-up scandal and the predictable news has emerged that Liverpool are expected to escape any punishment from the Premier League . Southampton had kicked up a storm by complaining about an alleged illegal approach and Liverpool were forced into making an embarrassing apology for overstepping the mark , yet the dust soon settled on a row that was never likely to go anywhere .
The reality is that at the time the tapping-up story broke , on the back of newspaper stories about Van Dijk being won over by Liverpool 's manager Jürgen Klopp , the majority of people working in the game will have wondered what all the fuss was about . “ So what ? ” pretty much summed up the football world 's response to reports that Liverpool had been sounding out Van Dijk without Southampton 's permission .
“ I think that 's absolutely true – what 's new ? ” Peter Coates , the Stoke City chairman , says . “ And I 'm not against people trying to do something about it . I 'm just very cynical about it changing . I just think that 's how it is . And when it happens against us at senior level , I never complain because we know ‘ everyone 's at it ' type of thing . You could almost say it 's part of the fabric [ of the game ] . ”
Liverpool drop interest in Virgil van Dijk after Southampton complaint Read more
Plenty of agents , managers , players and boardroom executives would be nodding in agreement at Coates 's comments . What happened with Van Dijk has gone on for decades in one way or another and to such an extent that senior figures who have worked on the other side of the fence , trying to enforce regulation and deal with disputes , say it would be a conservative estimate to predict that 90 % of transfers involve an element of tapping up . The number of complaints , however , is minimal , which tells a story .
“ We know it goes on throughout the game and I suppose we turn that Nelsonian eye , ” Coates says . “ But I am making a distinction with young players and I think we should do – 12-year-old kids , for God 's sake . What are we coming to ? With senior players it 's different . I think there 's a big distinction . ”
In April Liverpool were found guilty of tapping up a schoolboy who had been registered with Stoke , leading to a £100,000 fine and a two-year ban ( the second 12 months is suspended for three years ) from signing academy players from English league clubs . The following month Manchester City received the same length suspension and a £300,000 fine on the back of a similar breach of the rules .
Those cases underline how the Premier League is trying to adopt a more stringent approach to tapping up at academy level , where there is arguably a moral obligation to intervene because of the age of the players . Another reason behind that shift could be the longstanding frustration among some Category One clubs that poaching is going on among themselves . “ The original concept was that you could n't do that , ” Coates says , referring to the elite player performance plan introduced five years ago . “ They seem to think what 's happened to City and Liverpool is going to curb it . ”
Manchester City banned from signing certain academy players over tapping up Read more
At senior level , however , there is little appetite for change . Mike Rigg , the former technical director of Manchester City , spoke about the need for a new code of conduct in the wake of the Van Dijk fiasco , yet Coates believes he would be wasting his time if he tried to get the Premier League 's member clubs to tighten the rules around tapping up . “ I 'm not sure there would be much traction because there are other things , ” he says . “ It 's like me wanting to try to do a better job on regulating agents – and I do n't find that easy to get any traction . I wish we could regulate them better . And I do n't think we try hard enough . ”
Agents and regulation – or the lack of it – is a major issue in the game , far more so than tapping up . Fifa washed its hands of agents a little more than two years ago , deregulating an industry that it had little interest in policing in the first place . There was no compliance unit within Fifa that actively sought to enforce the rules around agents , creating what one former senior football administrator describes as a regulatory vacuum .
What has followed , though , is an absolute mess – as many predicted it would be – with each national association tasked with supervising a multimillion-pound business in which the number of people trying to get a slice of the cake has gone through the roof . “ Lots of bulls in china shops ” is how one leading agent describes the current landscape .
The list of Football Association registered intermediaries – which is how agents are now known – was published in full on the FA 's website this month and makes for extraordinary reading . It is 36 pages long , starts with Aaron Akakpo , ends with Zoubaïda Bouzou and includes more than 1,600 names . They are all authorised to act on behalf of players and clubs in English football and it is little wonder that the industry feels out of control .
“ It 's a shambles , ” says a director of one of the major football agencies in England . “ We 've got the AFA [ Association of Football Agents ] , but self-regulation does n't work . There needs to be an independent body that gets hold of the industry and deals with it . If there was a breach of regulation , nobody will take action at the FA unless it 's a contractual thing that they see . But anything that goes on in the background regarding being an agent is not regulated . Nobody is checking on players getting payments or parents getting payments . The only people checking on us are HMRC . ”
Inducements paid to parents or footballers , in some cases to break contracts with other representatives , are part of the mechanisms at work in a chaotic industry where agents are sending text messages to clubs with extraordinary demands for teenagers that stretch way beyond salary and bonus packages .
Another recent trend shows a hike in the number of family members seeking to become intermediaries – take a look through that FA list and plenty of surnames will jump out . In some cases the reason for doing so will be entirely legitimate – to protect the interests of someone close to them – but with the others the motivation is money .
Liverpool 's Virgil van Dijk blunder is damaging setback for Jürgen Klopp | Andy Hunter Read more
It is , in short , easy to see why few people within football were wrapped up in the Van Dijk tapping-up story and instead preoccupied with far more pressing concerns around transfers and agents , especially as the Dutchman is unable to leave Southampton without the club 's consent anyway .
That is not to defend Liverpool 's actions and claim they did nothing wrong . They clearly made a pig 's ear of things . Yet Liverpool 's crime was not to break the tapping-up rule that appears on page 205 of the Premier League handbook , under the heading “ Approaches to Players ” , and is widely disregarded ; it was to be so brazen and ham-fisted about things that they provoked Southampton into waving a red flag .
“ Everyone sounds out players one way or another to see if they would have any interest in coming to their football club , ” Coates adds . “ There 's no point in pursuing something if the player does n't want to come . You want to find out : ‘ Would he be interested if we were interested ? ' You could waste so much time and money otherwise . But it 's how decent you are about how you do things . You 've got to have some sensitivity . ”
Dublin Zoo is investigating after Twitter users shared pictures of a young boy playing inside the rhino enclosure .
Dublin Zoo is investigating after Twitter users shared pictures of a young boy playing inside the rhino enclosure .
The photos show an adult holding the boy 's hand while he stands inside the enclosure , as another adult takes a photo from outside the fence .
Social media users were shocked by the behaviour , noting that rhinos are amongst the most dangerous animals in the world .
A spokesperson for Dublin Zoo said they are looking into the incident .
Dublin Zoo investigating after child climbs into rhino enclosure . Photo : Twitter/Adrianna Straszewska
“ The matter is being taken care of internally by Dublin Zoo , ” she said .
She added : “ It 's completely against Dublin Zoo 's health and safety rules but it is being looked into at the moment . ”
It is understood that the incident happened on Friday , ahead of a hugely-busy bank holiday weekend at the zoo .
Earlier this year , a gorilla was shot dead by Cincinnati Zoo after a four-year-old fell into his closure .
The incident sparked fury around the world at the shooting of the 17-year-old gorilla , named Harambe .
Online Editors
# Create a suitable view of the Iris data set .
# ( For larger data sets , this can trigger a download the first time )
from
skdata.iris.view
import
KfoldClassification
iris_view
=
KfoldClassification
(
5
)
# Create a learning algorithm based on scikit-learn 's LinearSVC
# that will be driven by commands the ` iris_view ` object .
from
sklearn.svm
import
LinearSVC
from
skdata.base
import
SklearnClassifier
learning_algo
=
SklearnClassifier
(
LinearSVC
)
# Drive the learning algorithm from the data set view object .
# ( An iterator interface is sometimes also be available ,
# so you do n't have to give up control flow completely . )
iris_view
.
protocol
(
learning_algo
)
# The learning algorithm keeps track of what it did when under
# control of the iris_view object . This base example is useful for
# internal testing and demonstration . Use a custom learning algorithm
# to track and save the statistics you need .
for
loss_report
in
algo
.
results
[
'loss '
] :
print
loss_report
[
'task_name '
]
+
(
`` : err =
% 0.3f
``
%
(
loss_report
[
'err_rate '
] ) )
Lawmaker Blasted For 'Shooting ' Immigrants Rant
WASHINGTON - The Congressional Hispanic Caucus is pushing back on a Republican lawmaker 's rhetoric that he would do anything to stop illegal immigrants `` short of shooting them . ''
Texas congressman Charles Gonzalez said in a USA Today report , `` words have consequences '' as he denounced the comment made recently by Alabama congressman Mo Brooks .
`` As your congressman on the House floor , I will do anything short of shooting them . Anything that is lawful , it needs to be done because illegal aliens need to quit taking jobs from American citizens , '' Brooks said to WHNT , an Alabama TV station .
Alabama is one of several states to follow Arizona 's lead in cracking down on illegal immigration . The Alabama law allows law enforcement to detain someone stopped for questioning who can not prove their legal status and requires schools to determine if students can be legally in the United States .
Gonzalez said rhetoric that refers to acts of violence has `` no place in the discussion for realistic solutions to our country 's immigration problems . '' He said Brooks chose `` irresponsible words that reflect a hateful , dehumanizing undercurrent '' in the immigration debate .
Brooks , in the WHNT interview , was candid about his opposition to illegal immigrants . `` They have no right to be here . They are clogging up our emergency rooms , and making our education system more expensive . If you go to the Madison County Jail , there are far too many illegal aliens there because they have victimized Americans , '' he said .
The new Alabama statute has sparked protests and lawsuits . The American Civil Liberties Union and a coalition of civil rights group , which is suing to block the Alabama law , call the measure `` draconian '' and even harsher than Arizona 's legislation .
Episode Eight : Voyage of the Giant Squid
For me , to look at it for the first time , it was ... this mythical creature . I was face to face with the giant squid . Neil Landman Curator , Division of Paleontology
The Stuff of Legend
This episode of Shelf Life focuses on the very practical problem of transporting a rare giant squid specimen . But long before they were a quandary for customs officials , these mysterious cephalopods fueled folklore all over the world . They 're not alone—many storied beasts took shape around seeds of reality . While they may not breathe fire , heal disease , or crush ships , the animals that inspired their mythological counterparts are no less fantastic .
Release the Kraken
Denizens of the deep have enthralled humans for centuries . Greek myths pitted Hercules and Perseus against the serpentine sea monster Cetus . A 13th-century Icelandic saga told of the sea beast Hafgufa , which swallowed men and ships alike . In 1830 , Alfred Lord Tennyson penned a sonnet about the kraken , a legendary Scandinavian sea creature so charismatic that 150 years later Hollywood decided to unleash it on ancient Greece in Clash of the Titans .
These marine monsters may have a basis in fact . Giant squid may not reach the size of the gigantic kraken , which was sometimes depicted demolishing boats with its massive tentacles , but they are formidable and impressive animals . The largest giant squid are thought to measure more than 40 feet from the tips of their tentacles to the end of their mantle , or body . That 's about the length of a school bus .
Giant squid at the Museum ©AMNH/P.Rollins
Sighting a squid as big as a bus is still a momentous feat . Photos and videos of these benthic behemoths in their natural habitat are rare , headline-making events . So imagine a sighting centuries ago : it would certainly have been exceptional fodder for any seafarer 's stories . And as those tales were shared , the creature likely grew with each retelling , eventually reaching titanic proportions .
View larger Pierre Denys de Montfort 's Poulpe Colossal attacks a merchant ship . 1810 . Pierre Denys de Montfort 's Poulpe Colossal attacks a merchant ship . 1810 .
In his book The Search for the Giant Squid , marine biologist and Museum Research Associate Richard Ellis speculates that even Greek myths of the many-armed Scylla and the Hydra , one of Hercules 's foes , could have been inspired by glimpses of giant squid .
Since enormous cephalopods usually keep to mid- to deep-water habitats , the most common way to see a giant squid would have been to spot a dead or dying squid that had floated to the surface . These animals ' bodies—long , thin , and utterly strange—may have helped to give life to legends of serpentine sea monsters .
View larger Hydra , Gesner ©AMNH/D.Finnin Hydra , Gesner ©AMNH/D.Finnin
In Conrad Gesner 's 16th-century Historiae Animalium , for example , the hydra is depicted as having a trunk-like body with many heads , each one sitting on the end of a long , serpentine neck . “ [ It ] is not impossible , ” Ellis points out , “ to see the ‘ heads ' as arms , and the body as that of a large cephalopod. ” Lose the feet , and Gesner 's hydra turns out to be a pretty decent depiction of a giant squid .
Slide to reveal how a `` sea serpent '' sighting may have been inspired by a breaching of a giant squid .
Sea serpent illustration : Erik Pontoppidan , 1752 ; giant squid illustration : Henry Lee , 1883 .
My , What Big Tooth You Have
The natural world provided plenty of inspiration for other legendary beasts , as the Museum 's 2008 exhibition Mythic Creatures detailed .
Take the unicorn , an iconic creature in Western mythology that also has counterparts in China and Japan . Typically depicted in the West as white horses with long , slender horns rising from their heads , unicorns have inspired artwork for hundreds of years , from medieval tapestries to elementary-school notebooks .
View larger The Unicorn in Captivity Metropolitan Museum of Art/37.80.6 The Unicorn in Captivity Metropolitan Museum of Art/37.80.6
In the Middle Ages , believers did n't have to rely on second-hand stories to bolster their faith in unicorns . For a hefty sum , they could purchase long , white , spiraled horns , presented as proof of the wondrous creatures ' existence . The majestic horns were said to have magical properties , including the power to cure disease .
A narwhal tusks . ©AMNH/D.Finnin
Unfortunately for medieval shoppers , these horns did n't come from unicorns . They were harvested from creatures arguably even more fantastic : narwhals , Monodon monoceros , a species of whale . Narwhal males sport an extraordinarily long tusk , which is actually an overgrown left canine tooth that pierces the animal 's upper lip . Researchers have proposed several purposes for these impressive teeth—which can reach more than 9 feet in length—from an acoustic sounding stick to a seafloor spade . In 2014 , dentist and Harvard School of Dental Medicine instructor Martin Nweeia , along with a team of colleagues , published a papersuggesting that this tooth is actually a sensory organ that may help males detect changes in salinity , temperature , pressure , and even pheromones released by females who are ready to mate .
View larger Narwhals NIST/G . Williams Narwhals NIST/G . Williams
Narwhal horns were not the only thing fueling belief in mythological equines . As Westerners began to expand their trade routes , real-life animals with notable horns on their heads were spotted in the far corners of the world . Around 1300 , the Italian explorer Marco Polo recorded this sighting in Sumatra : '' There are wild elephants and plenty of unicorns , which are scarcely smaller than elephants . They have the hair of a buffalo and feet like an elephant 's . They have a single large , black horn in the middle of the forehead ... They have a head like a wild boar 's and always carry it stooped towards the ground . They spend their time by preference wallowing in mud and slime . They are very ugly brutes to look at . ''
View larger Conrad Gesner , Historiae animalium ; liber primus , qui est de quadrupedibus viviparis , woodcut , Zürich , 1551 . Conrad Gesner , Historiae animalium ; liber primus , qui est de quadrupedibus viviparis , woodcut , Zürich , 1551 .
View larger Sumatran rhino Wikimedia/ Ltshears Sumatran rhino Wikimedia/ Ltshears
In retrospect , it seems clear that Polo had in fact encountered the Sumatran rhinoceros . The animals ' horns may have helped perpetuate the myth of the unicorn , though given the discrepancy between the unicorn 's idealized form and and the reality of the so-called “ hairy rhinoceros , ” one can forgive Polo his disappointment .
Dinosaurs and Dragons
While specimens from living animals like the narwhal and rhino helped prop up the myth of the unicorn , some stories of mythological creatures were inspired by animals that had long been extinct . For instance , the fossilized skulls of dwarf elephants—which have huge nasal cavities in the center—are thought to have inspired stories of the Cyclops , the one-eyed giant of Greek mythology .
View larger Dwarf elephant skull © D. Finnin/AMNH Dwarf elephant skull © D. Finnin/AMNH
Big bones may have also given rise to one of the most enduring creatures of legend : the dragon . These enormous serpents or lizards , sometimes described as having wings and breathing fire , are found in tales across Europe and Asia , a tradition that spans Arthurian legend to contemporary film and television .
View larger The Mythical Creature Dragon , Friedrich Johann Justin Bertuch , 1806 . The Mythical Creature Dragon , Friedrich Johann Justin Bertuch , 1806 .
Dragon legends were likely inspired , and fueled , by fossil finds . The Austrian town of Klagenfurt for years displayed the skull of an extinct woolly rhinoceros that was fabled to belong to a dragon slain by knights . And pioneering paleontologist Mary Anning may have been the original `` Mother of Dragons , '' securing her reputation as a famed fossil hunter in the 1820s with discoveries of pterosaurs and a complete skeleton of a Plesiosaurus , a find made famous in the 1840 title The Book of the Great Sea-Dragons .
View larger Pterosaurs in the Vertebrate Origins on the Museum 's fourth floor . ©AMNH/D.Finnin Pterosaurs in the Vertebrate Origins on the Museum 's fourth floor . ©AMNH/D.Finnin
Dragons have been a powerful presence in Chinese culture for centuries , and in traditional Chinese medicine powdered dragon bones are still prescribed as a cure for conditions ranging from madness to dysentery . Most of these “ dragon bones , ” though , are the fossils of extinct mammals , unearthed from China 's many rich fossil beds .
View larger Smaug gigantus is a newly-reclassified giant girdled lizard from South Africa . ©AMNH/E . Stanley Smaug gigantus is a newly-reclassified giant girdled lizard from South Africa . ©AMNH/E . Stanley
The dragon continues to loom large in popular culture , at times inspiring a curious reversal : real species named in honor of legendary monsters . In 2011 , while working on his Ph.D. at the Museum 's Richard Gilder Graduate School , biologist Ed Stanley named a genus of girdled lizards found in South Africa 's Drakensberg ( that 's Dragon Mountain ) range after Smaug , the terrifying , treasure-hoarding dragon of J.R.R . Tolkien 's The Hobbit . Stanley says the homage was as much to the author—Tolkien was born in South Africa—as to the fabled beast , but the end result is the same : the storied Smaug is now a real-world lizard .
Yu-Gi-Oh ! Championship Series Prague
28/02/2015 - 01/03/2015
Date ( s ) February 28 , 2015
March 1 , 2015 Location Incheba Praha
Areál Výstaviště 67 ,
170 90 ,
Praha 7 – Holešovice ,
Czech Republic .
Location on Map Entry Fee ( Main Event ) € 20 / 550 CZK
Main Event Schedule :
Please note : Schedule is subject to change and may be updated before the event begins .
Day Start Time End Time Pre-Registration Friday 14:00 19:00 Registration Saturday 08:00 10:00 Main Event Saturday 10:00 Main Event Sunday 09:00
Pre-Registration :
Players are advised to pre-register for the Main Event by attending the venue on the Friday . Doing so would mean avoiding the longer queues on Saturday morning and allow players to enter the venue later .
To register for the YCS , a player must provide :
Photo Identification
COSSY Idenfitication or COSSY Number
Tournament Entry Fee
Completed Deck Registration Form
Format & Tournament Structure :
The format for the Main Event will be Advanced Constructed , using the current Forbidden & Limited List . The tournament structure will vary based on attendance :
Number of Players Swiss Rounds
( Saturday ) Qualification Requirements
for `` Day 2 '' Swiss Rounds
( Sunday ) Size of Playoff
( Single-Elimination ) 0 to 512 6 Top 64 players
( & all players with 12+ points ) 3 32 Players 513 to 1024 7 Top 128 players
( & all players with 15+ points ) 3 32 Players 1025+ 8 Top 256 players
( & all players with 18+ points ) 3 32 Players
Main Event Prizes :
Winner Trophy
Netbook
Ultra Rare YCS prize card : Ascension Sky Dragon
Paid travel and accommodation to WCQ : European Championship 2015 2nd 32GB Tablet PC
Super Rare YCS prize card : Ascension Sky Dragon 3rd Mini Tablet PC
Super Rare YCS prize card : Ascension Sky Dragon 4th Mini Tablet PC 5th-8th Nintendo 3DS XL
Yu-Gi-Oh ! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 9th-16th 24 packs of the latest booster set . All Top 32 YCS Top Cut Game Mat
Qualification to WCQ : European Championship 2015 All Participants 5 packs of the latest booster set .
Public Event Schedule :
Please note : Schedule is subject to change and may be updated before the event begins .
Event Name Entry Fee Players Format Time Participation Prize ATTACK OF THE GIANT CARD ! ! € 12 / 330 CZK Min . : 8
Max . : 32 Advanced Constructed
Single Elimination Saturday
14:00
Sunday :
10:00
11:00
12:00
13:00
3 Boosters 1st : Oversized Card
WCQ : Regionals € 12 / 330 CZK 16 Advanced Constructed
Single Elimination Registration :
Saturday :
11:00 - 17:00
Sunday :
09:00 - 15:00 3 Boosters 1st : Qualification to
WCQ : EC 2015
Regional Game Mat
Regional Deckbox WCQ : Regionals € 20 / 550 CZK 8 Sealed Pack
Single Elimination Registration :
Saturday :
11:00 - 17:00
Sunday :
09:00 - 15:00 10 packs of
Battle Pack 3 : Monster League 1st : Qualification to
WCQ : EC 2015
Regional Game Mat
Regional Deckbox Win-A-Mat € 8 / 220 CZK 8 Advanced Constructed
Single Elimination Registration :
Saturday :
10:00 - 18:00
Sunday :
09:00 - 16:00 2 Boosters 1st : Game Mat Win-A-Mat € 20 / 550 CZK 8 Sealed Pack
Single Elimination Registration :
Saturday :
10:00 - 18:00
Sunday :
09:00 - 16:00 10 packs of
Battle Pack 3 : Monster League 1st : Game Mat & Starfoil Win-A-Mat € 12 / 330 CZK 8 Booster Draft
Single Elimination Registration :
Saturday :
10:00 - 18:00
Sunday :
09:00 - 16:00 6 packs of
Battle Pack 3 : Monster League 1st : Game Mat & Starfoil Dragon Duel
( Players born in 2002 and later ) € 4 / 110 CZK Up to 128 Advanced Constructed
Swiss Sunday :
10:00 1 Booster Top X :
Qualification to
WCQ : EC 2015
Top 8 : 2 Boosters Public Events
Top Playoff Free 4 Advanced Constructed
Single Elimination Sunday :
17:00 1st : Super Rare Prize Card
Ascension Sky Dragon Public Events
Random Playoff Free 4 Advanced Constructed
Single Elimination Sunday :
17:00 1st : Super Rare Prize Card
Ascension Sky Dragon
Event Coverage :
This event will be reported and broadcast live on twitch.tv , yugioh-card.com and on the Konami Europe coverage blog .
`` Ordeal of a Traveler '' Program :
This event is part of 2015 's `` Ordeal of a Traveler '' program . Duelists that attend all but one European Premier Event of 2015 ( ie : all but one of this year 's European YCS events & the European Championship ) will receive a special prize . Duelists that miss only two events will receive a smaller prize . Please visit the News section for further information & check back in the future for updates .
Buying & Selling of Cards :
Cards can only be bought and sold when dealing with official event vendors at their on-site trade stands .
The buying and selling of cards between individuals is strictly prohibited at the tournament location ( including outdoor areas ) . Any player who is seen to be buying and/or selling cards will be asked to leave the venue .
Lost & Found :
If you misplace one of your possessions at the YCS , please head to the main stage and inform a member of staff . You will be asked to describe , in detail , the item you have lost , and if an item matching that description has been handed in , it will be returned to you .
Information for Parents :
You are not required to stay on site , but we strongly recommend that you do , especially if your children are young or this is their first event . Please know that the tournament staff can not be responsible for looking after your children , or their possessions . Always make sure your child has a way to contact you , and is provided with any necessities such as food , drink , or extra money if you do not wish to remain in the tournament area .
When your child is preparing for the event , encourage him or her to leave any bulky or expensive possessions at home . Electronics and large collections of cards are hard to keep track of during a big tournament – your child will have a much easier day without having to worry about these kinds of items .
The trading of cards is a big attraction at large tournaments , but if you are concerned about your child trading away valuable cards , talk to him or her before the event and set some guidelines . You can always have your child check with you before making a trade .
Volunteering to Judge at the Event :
Any people wishing to work at the event as a Judge or Staff member must be an officially recognised member of the Konami Judge Program and at least 18 years of age . Further information on the application process ( and its deadline ) can be found on the official Konami Judge Forum .
Schedule is subject to change and may be updated before the event begins .
back
Page Top
Steelers cornerback Antwon Blake could have said the heck with it , and nobody would have blamed him .
Blake spent the better part of two years experiencing the highs and lows of life in the NFL with the lows being much more substantial than the highs .
Blake went from being an undrafted free agent to leading the Jaguars in special teams tackles as a rookie to getting cut to being picked up by the Steelers for special teams purposes with little chance of seeing the field — all within 17 months .
Giving up was an option . But not for Blake and now it 's paying off .
Blake quietly moved into the starting lineup at cornerback , nudging aside Cortez Allen and his $ 26 million contract along with a pair of 2015 draft picks ( Senquez Golson and Doran Grant ) and a veteran ( Brandon Boykin ) acquired to help solidify a position that was in need of stability .
Blake has no intention of giving up his starting spot , especially considering how difficult it was for him to get to this point .
“ I always look back at where I was because they say you ca n't forget where you came from , ” Blake said . “ My past definitely motivated me to get to this point . I have always believed in myself and am a firm believer that hard work will be rewarded . That 's just the type of person I am . You never know where your opportunity may come , you never know who may be watching and who notices your grind . ”
The Steelers noticed enough to make him a surprise opening-day starter ahead of Allen , and it appears it is Blake 's position to lose especially after rebounding from shaky performance against the Patriots to have his best against the 49ers .
Blake allowed six catches to 49ers receivers but for 54 yards . Blake stood out against the run where he was credited with 10 solo tackles .
It was the fifth-most solo tackles by a Steelers cornerback since 1994 . Only Dewayne Washington ( 13 in 2001 ) , Bryant McFadden in 2010 ( 12 in 2010 ) and Deon Figures ( 11 in 1994 and 1996 ) had more in a game .
Blake is second on the team in total tackles with 13 and unassisted tackles with 12 . Only Adam Jones of the Bengals has more tackles in the NFL through two weeks ( 19 ) for cornerbacks .
“ He can do everything you dream of doing on the football field , ” renowned trainer Tom Shaw told TribLive Radio recently . “ He is that guy . He is going to be a star . He has work ethic and dedication and those are two key com -ponents . And when you have speed and agility like the way he gets in and out of breaks and move and change direction … he is a freak of nature . ”
The Steelers used Blake in a multitude of ways against the 49ers . He covered , he was used for run support and he was even asked to blitz . He added a special teams tackle as one of the gunners on the punt team .
“ We knew he had the ability the entire time , ” linebacker Jarvis Jones said . “ He was just waiting for his opportunity . ”
Blake got his first break late last year . With Ike Taylor and Allen injured , the Steelers turned to Blake to play corner in their sub packages .
Blake saw action from Week 9 on and allowed only one touchdown and finished with five pass defenses and an interception . He had a forced fumble and fumble recovery in the season finale against the Bengals , proving to Blake that he could play with the best in the league .
“ It is one thing to feel like you can do something , but it is another thing to go out there and actually do it , ” Blake said . “ I felt that it helped my confidence . But it 's the NFL , so every week there is another great receiver waiting for you . We have Antonio Brown , and I feel that preps me for anybody I am going to see . ”
Blake held Torrey Smith to 30 yards on Sunday and the Patriots ' Julian Edelman to 41 yards . To put that into perspective , Smith finished with 131 yards Sunday , and Edelman has 194 yards in two games .
Blake has done enough over the past two years to impress Brown .
“ He is super quick and really fast , aggressive hands and a special player , ” Brown said . “ He has all the skill set to be a great player . All he needed to do is go out there and prove it . ”
Deddi Simchi , a colonel in the Israeli military , gives a briefing on “ humanitarian aid ” in Port-au-Prince , Haiti during January 2010 . Israel Defense Forces
I was n't sure whether to laugh or scream when tipped off about the latest propaganda blitz planned by European Friends of Israel , a key lobby group in Brussels .
Its calendar for the next few weeks — not yet posted on the EFI website — features a number of events designed to present Israel as a caring and liberal country , which has managed to inoculate itself from financial crises .
Later this month ( 23 January ) the EFI will host a mini-conference titled Humanitarian aid - Israel as a world leader . According to the EFI 's blurb , Israel has “ aid teams poised to respond in the wake of natural or man-made disasters anywhere in the world. ” One of these teams , apparently , was “ first on the scene in January 2010 after the earthquake hit Haiti . ”
Have those few words broken all previous records for chutzpah ? At the time Israel was rushing to help Haiti ( or so we are told ) , it was enforcing a medieval siege on more than 1.5 million people in Gaza . Israel was in no hurry to address the “ man-made disaster ” its own policies had caused . Rather , it was only after Israeli troops murdered nine activists trying to bring humanitarian aid to Gaza on a flotilla in May 2010 that it moved to ease , but not lift , the blockade .
“ Self-congratulation ”
Nor , it should be added , is there anything heroic about having the first aid workers in Haiti . As a short new book — L'échec humanitaire : le cas haïtien ( The humanitarian failure : the Haitian case — by Frédéric Thomas illustrates , that Caribbean nation has been betrayed and misled by the Western aid industry . Of $ 10 billion pledged to Haiti at an international donors ' conference in New York during March 2010 , less than $ 2.5 billion had been released by July 2012 .
Thomas is especially scathing of how aid pledges are made for purposes of “ self-congratulation , ” in which the “ first recipient of the message is not the Haitian people but voters in the donor country , who are invited to agree with their governments , so generous and effective. ” While he does not mention Israel , the criticism can be applied to it .
Israel sent over 250 soldiers to Haiti after the earthquake , and posted videos in their honor on Facebook . Not only was this a clear case of hasbara — as propaganda is called in Hebrew — it violated a principle which genuine humanitarians regard as fundamental : that emergency assistance should be of a civilian nature and be seen as impartial .
Sandy solidarity ?
The EFI is a cross-party alliance of members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) . Its conference — to be hold in the Parliament 's headquarters — will be addressed by Navonel Glick from the Israeli Forum for International Humanitarian Aid ( IsraAid ) . Glick has been in New York lately in an apparent gesture of solidarity with victims of Hurricane Sandy .
IsraAid took advantage of that catastrophe by claiming that having a strong military enables Israel to undertake emergency missions . Of course , the less humane side of the same army was displayed when Israel rained its bombs down on Gaza for eight consecutive days in November , again making a mockery of its claim to be a “ world leader ” in humanitarianism .
Soon after mythologizing about Israel 's aid operations , the EFI will turn the spotlight on Israel 's economic prowess . A promotional note for a 29 January meeting says that though Israel is small “ a host of reforms aimed at liberalizing the economy have allowed it to stand out as one of the world 's most competitive economies. ” The main speaker will be Chaim Hurvitz from Israel 's top pharmaceutical firm Teva .
In a March 2012 study , Who Profits ? — a project set up by Palestinian and Israeli women — documented how Teva benefits from the occupation . The construction of Israel 's apartheid wall has meant that pharmacies and hospitals in occupied East Jerusalem have been prevented from dispensing medicines manufactured in the West Bank . As a result , healthcare services on which all Palestinians in East Jerusalem and many others from across the West Bank rely have been forced to buy Israeli and foreign drugs .
Ironic twist
In an ironic twist , EFI will switch from applauding “ competitiveness ” — a doctrine which holds that social protections should be dismantled — to embracing young Israelis who demand that the welfare state be preserved . On 20 February , its special guest will be Daphne Leef , who the EFI has appointed “ leader ” of last year 's Tel Aviv protests against the right-wing policies of Benjamin Netanyahu 's government .
Leef has a skewed sense of justice . In a much-circulated speech delivered during September 2011 , she grew emotional over how “ one million Israelis were living under the threat of missiles ” fired from Gaza , without saying anything about how four million Palestinians live under a brutal occupation .
It is not hard to see why the EFI is happy to court her . Leef is a useful pawn for lobbyists determined to perpetuate the lie that Israel is a vibrant democracy .
Score
0 / 0
What he does for a living . Almost ! A great way to strike up a conversation with a guy is to ask him what he does for a living . People enjoy talking about their career ! Still , there are other ways you can strike up a conversation with a guy . There 's a better option out there !
What he does for fun . Close ! You can absolutely get to know someone by asking what they do for fun . You may find that you have a lot in common ! However , there are other ways you can strike up a conversation with a guy . Guess again !
What kind of music he listens to . Try again ! Music is a great conversation starter . Ask the guy what can of music and artists hes like ! But keep in mind that there are other ways you can strike up a conversation with a guy . Try again ...
Whether he has any pets . You 're partially right ! Many people love to talk about and show pictures of their pets . Asking whether they have any pets can launch a discussion between mutual animal lovers ! But remember that there are other ways you can strike up a conversation with a guy . Try again ...
A sermon by Kim Fabricius ( reposted from Holy Week 2008 )
There is a lot of twaddle and guff talked during Holy Week . A few years ago I heard a Good Friday sermon – some of you heard it too – in which it was suggested that Jesus , being a carpenter , in order to distract his attention and ease his pain on the cross , may well have admired the quality of its wood . As if our Lord was thinking , “ Nice bit of teak this . It 'd make a great desk for the study. ” It was positively Pythonesque .
No guff and twaddle today . Today I 'm going to try to speak shocking , scandalous , scalding truth , say outrageous , even sacrilegious things . You will probably be too polite to heckle or jeer me , but if you walk out on me I shall consider it the highest compliment . I thought of having the elders hand out eggs for to you to throw at me , but pitied the poor cleaners . But eggs are nothing compared to the darts I 'm going to fire at you . It 's time to attack your faith , wound it , leave it bleeding , dying , dead – just like the guy on the cross .
Let 's start with some cherished beliefs . For example : that our redemption was achieved by Jesus suffering more horribly than anyone else . But how could we possibly know that ? Crucifixion ? Yes , a terrible , terrible form of torture and execution . But Jesus ' was only one among thousands and thousands of crucifixions carried out under the so-called Pax Romana – the Roman Peace – when gibbets would stretch for miles down the Apian Way . And the death of Jesus – mercifully swift it was , he expired by mid-afternoon , most usually languished for days . Besides , after the Inquisition , after Auschwitz and the Gulags , after the killing fields in southeast Asia , the tribal slaughter in Rwanda , the mass graves in the Balkans , how can anyone possibly presume to compare national atrocities and personal tragedies , let alone grade them according to some calculus of pain ?
For example : that our redemption was achieved by Jesus facing his death more courageously than anyone else . But clearly this is special pleading . And did n't the first Christians know it – which is why they were hesitant about sensationalising the death of Jesus in terms of martyrdom . As pagans were quick to point out , rather smugly , Jesus sweating blood in Gethsemane , and crying out in agony on Calvary , compares rather unfavourably with the great philosopher Socrates on death row , calmly drinking the hemlock as he reminds a friend – his last words – to remember to sacrifice a cock to Asclepius , the god of heath . For Socrates death was the moment of release , for Jesus a time of despair .
And for example : that our redemption was achieved by Jesus dying at the hands of evil men , particularly “ the Jews ” . What self-serving propaganda ! And what a perverse fillip to the church 's long and shameful history of anti-semitism . No , it was not the bestial but the best that killed Jesus . The state in all its glory and religion at its most awesome killed Jesus : not the mob but the upholders of public order , not the wicked but the standard-bearers of morality . Yes , the trial was conducted with unseemly haste and the evidence was selectively marshalled , but the defendant incriminated himself , confessed even , so ( if you like ) there were no grounds for appeal . For Jesus did undermine a religious system based on law and cult , and Jesus did threaten a political regime based on violence and retribution . Jesus acted with freedom and broke the rules , embracing the dirty , the deviant , and the dangerous . And Jesus prophetically unmasked the mighty pretensions of the local procurator and publicly subverted Caesar 's claim to lordship . Jesus really did force the hands of Caiaphas and Pilate and leave them no choice but to get rid of him . Better that one man die than that the entire social order be at risk – the tried and trusted scapegoat principle . No doubt about it , this peasant troublemaker from up north profoundly threatened the status quo . He had to go .
So : for one Holy Week forget about the suffering of Jesus , the courage of Jesus , the wickedness of it all . Forget even about the dying of Jesus : it is not to the crucifix , or even to the deposition , that I would direct you – no ! Rather look at the man – dead – gaze upon the corpse of Christ , fix your eyes on his cold and rigid body , laid out on a slab , already showing signs of decomposition . I am thinking of Hans Holbein 's painting “ Body of the Dead Christ in the Tomb ” . The Russian author Dostoevsky saw the painting , in a museum in Basel , stopping on his way to Geneva , and forever after it haunted him like a nightmare . He describes it in his great novel The Idiot . The character Prince Myshkin says : “ Why some people may lose their faith by looking at that picture ! ”
This sermon does n't have three points , it 's got three words : Lose your faith ! ( I warned you I would be sacrilegious . ) Yes , lose your faith . Lose your faith in God . For as the French mystic Simone Weil insisted , there is a kind of atheism that is purifying , cleansing us of idols . Lose your faith in the god that the cross exposes as a no-god , a sham god . Lose your faith in the god who is but the product of your projections , fantasies , wishes , and needs , a security blanket or good-luck charm god . Lose your faith in the god who is there to hold your hand , solve your problems , rescue you from your trials and tribulations , the deus ex machina , literally the “ machine god ” , wheeled out onto the stage in ancient Greek drama , introduced to the plot artificially to resolve its complications and secure a happy ending . Lose your faith in the god who confers upon you a privileged status that is safe and secure . Lose your faith in the god who promises you health , wealth , fulfilment , and success , who pulls rabbits out of hats . Lose your faith in the god with whom your conscience can be at ease with itself . Lose your faith in the god who , in Dennis Potter 's words , is the bandage , not the wound . Lose your faith in the god who always answers when you pray and comes when you call . Lose your faith in the god who is never hidden , absent , dead , entombed . For the “ Father who art in heaven ” – this week he is to be found in hell – with his Son .
No one puts it more starkly – or more honestly and truthfully – than Bonhoeffer . We must recognize , he wrote from prison , “ that we have to learn to live in the world ‘ as if God were not here ' . And this is just what we do recognize – before God ! God himself compels us to recognize it… God would have us know that we must live as men and women who manage our lives without him . The God who is with us is the God who forsakes us… Before God and with God we live without God . God lets himself be pushed out of the world and onto the cross ” – and then down from the cross and into the grave . “ He is weak and powerless in the world , and that is precisely the way , the only way , in which he is with us and helps us. ” God a Super-Power ? That god is a demon , the Devil . If that god is your Lord , this week is a call for “ regime change ” ( Walter Brueggemann ) .
So , yes , lose your faith ! For as with life , so with faith : only those who lose it will find it . Or rather may find it . Faith is a risk , and discipleship demands that we learn to live with insecurity and uncertainty , setting out on a journey without a map , with companions who are as lost as we are , following a leader who is always way ahead of us , beckoning mysteriously , “ Follow me ! ” , and then vanishing just as we arrive . God is mystery , ineffable mystery , naming a reality that we know , but the more we know , the more we are forced to un-know and rethink everything we thought we knew .
But hang on , Kim , frankly you 've lost us . We do n't know what you 're talking about , but whatever it is , it sounds crazy , foolish . You 've accomplished the remarkable achievement of making someone like Rowan Williams sound lucid , simple , straightforward . And you 're supposed to be a preacher , and is n't the whole point of the sermon to make it easier to understand God , to increase our faith , so that we can go back to the world feeling edified , uplifted , and ready to share the Good News ? Not today it 's not . Today I ca n't help you . This week no one can help you . Come Friday , not even God – especially not God – can help you . And come Saturday , God himself is lying in a tomb . Emptiness . Zero . Nothing . But might it be a pregnant emptiness , a significant zero , a silent nothing that yet says everything ? ( after Alan E. Lewis ) . We shall have to wait till Easter . Only then shall we learn that this Week is Holy , and its Friday Good . Only then may we just find a new faith rising from the old faith that I pray you will lose today .
It 's tea time at The Met .
A new Chinese tea house-themed pop-up café opened yesterday on the second-floor balcony of the world-famous art museum . Timed to coincide with Asia Week New York , the new sit-down café will offer a selection of authentic Chinese teas along with some light bites .
Visitors to the café will be able to appreciate antique Asian ceramics that have been installed along the walls while experiencing the tea-drinking culture that flourished in medieval China . The name of the new space ? Tea Drunk at The Met . Try not to go too hard .
The standout option that 's available is a Gong Fu-style tea service featuring five different types of teas including a historic green tea for $ 20 and a rare , roasted Wu Long Tea for $ 50 . If you 're not in the mood to balls out for an afternoon tea service , you can also just pick up a cup of tea from a counter for $ 9 .
The pop-up café is set to operate for three months , and should be the perfect rest stop after exploring the upcoming Age of Empires exhibition , set to open April 3 .
Completed in 1916 , “ The Planets ” is in seven movements , each devoted to an orb and its astrological character : Mars , the Bringer of War ; Venus , the Bringer of Peace ; Mercury , the Winged Messenger ; Jupiter , the Bringer of Jollity ; Saturn , the Bringer of Old Age ; Uranus , the Magician ; and Neptune , the Mystic . Mr. Matthews calls his movement “ Pluto , the Renewer . ”
Mr. Holst excluded the Earth , because it has no astrological significance , and Pluto , which was not discovered until 1930 . He died in 1934 , but there is little evidence that he considered updating his piece .
“ The Planets ” quickly became a beloved and influential work , perhaps the best-known piece by a 20th-century Briton . Film music composers dine on it often . Mr. Holst himself , an unpretentious introvert , was taken aback by its success , and he turned away from it stylistically . None of his other pieces made as much impact or are played much nowadays .
Pluto 's demotion last month seems to have stirred up interest in the new CD , which was released in Europe early last month , said Stephen Johns , the album 's producer . It is too early for sales figures , he said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ It 's completely fortuitous , ” Mr. Johns added . “ It 's heightened the awareness of ‘ The Planets ' in general . Hopefully there 'll be some effect . It 's just curious and a lovely coincidence. ” Really , an “ alignment of the stars , ” he felt forced to say .
Sir Simon did not respond to messages left with the Berlin Philharmonic — a spokeswoman said he was rehearsing — but he issued a statement after the astronomical union 's announcement saying he was happy Pluto was no longer “ out there all on his own. ” He called it an opportunity to commission more astronomical music . “ Who knows , the whole suite could last a fortnight , ” he said .
In its own way “ Pluto , the Renewer ” has been a 21st-century success . It has been recorded three times previously and performed more than 100 times , unusual exposure for a contemporary classical piece . Mr. Matthews acknowledges that the Holstian hook helped .
He was the man to write it . Mr. Matthews edited the score of “ The Planets ” with Mr. Holst 's daughter , Imogen , and is chairman of the Holst Foundation . He calls his work more of an appendix than a completion of “ The Planets , ” without any real reference to Pluto 's character ( or that of its namesake , the Disney dog ) . He said he had tried to avoid writing a Holst “ pastiche , ” although inevitably some ideas crept in , like the militaristic rhythms of “ Mars . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Matthews took as his starting point the idea of solar winds , and the movement is full of swift , swirling passages . It is designed to begin seamlessly with the close of “ The Planets , ” and it , too , ends quietly .
Mr. Matthews said he did not want to try to top the mysterious , otherworldly quality of Mr. Holst 's closing movement , “ Neptune , ” the most remote planet when Mr. Holst wrote the piece ( and again now ) .
“ It would have had to have been very small and slow and quiet and cold , ” Mr. Matthews said .
Sick of getting calls with blocked numbers on your cell ? Here is your solution Trapcall . Trapcall will unblock and reveal the actual caller ID when a call has been blocked . No software or download needed ! Trapcall is offered by New Jersey 's TelTech systems , the company behind the controversial SpoofCard Caller ID spoofing service .
TrapCall is basically a phone proxy . TrapCall instructs customers to reprogram their cellphones to send all rejected , missed and unanswered calls to TrapCall 's own toll-free number . If the user sees an incoming call with Caller ID blocked , he or she just presses the button on the phone that would normally send it to voicemail . The call invisibly loops through TelTech 's system , then back to the user 's phone , this time with the caller 's number displayed as the Caller ID .
TrapCall 's basic unmasking service is free , and includes the option of blacklisting unwanted callers by phone number . It also allows you to listen to your voicemail over the web . It 's currently available to AT & T and T-Mobile subscribers , with support for the other major carriers due within weeks , says TelTech president Meir Cohen .
Some of the features of TrapCall ( some may be included with additional cost ) :
Number unmasking
Trapcall will unblock and reveal the actual caller ID when a call has been blocked . No software or download needed ! ( free )
Record your calls
A first in mobile phones , record all of your incoming calls !
Voicemail transcriptions
Read your voicemail messages via SMS while in a meeting , class , movie or other areas ! Please note that the transcription is done by individuals , not machines , so by signing up for this service you are giving permission for the transcribers to listen to your voicemails .
Block unwanted callers
Stop getting harassing phone calls ! Block any caller and let them hear the “ Number Disconnected ” message .
Caller ID and name of caller
You wo n't only see the number of the person calling , but you 'll also see their full name !
Online Management
You can access your Trapcall account from any device . Just Login to access your account !
Great system and it is Free ! Take a look .
French Chief Rabbi Haim Korsia made an urgent plea to Europe to defend non-Muslims in the Middle East , whom he likened to Holocaust victims .
Speaking Sunday at the Grand Synagogue in Paris at a commemoration for Holocaust victims , Korsia cited the Yazidis ' plight in Iraq as an example of a minority group in need of protection .
“ The situation of religious minorities all over the world and especially in the Middle East resonates , unfortunately , with our commemoration today , ” Korsia was quoted as saying by the French news agency AFP . “ As our parents wore the yellow star , Christians are made to wear the scarlet letter of ‘ nun . ' ”
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Hebrew letter nun is the same sound as the beginning of Nazareen , an Arabic term signifying people from Nazareth , or Christians .
According to reports , Muslim men in areas of Iraq that are controlled by the ISIS jihadist group have ordered Christians to wear the 14th letter of the Arabic letter on their clothes to make them instantly recognizable .
The ISIS fighters are also accused of murdering and torturing Christians as well as Yazidis , a predominantly Kurdish ethnic group that has adhered to a syncretic religion despite many years of oppression and threatened extermination .
“ Hundreds of Yazidis were buried alive , their women sold as slaves , ” said Korsia , adding that he wished for “ a more urgent reaction by European nations , by France , to the attack on our fundamental roots , like what happened during the Holocaust ” and that “ we do n't arrive too late . ”
Support more videos like this at patreon.com/rebecca !
Sorta transcript :
Hey guys , remember the Tron Guy ? No ? He was super famous back in the dark ages of the internet , like before anyone even knew cats existed . He got famous because he dressed up like a person from the movie Tron , if the movie Tron was full of not beautiful actors and cutting edge special effects but giant losers in ill-fitting leotards . He did n't seem to mind looking like a giant loser , which really spoke to the giant loser in all of us who just want to be accepted for the way we are , which is giant losers . All of us .
So that was nice , and he got internet-famous , which he tried to spin into real-life-famous by appearing on television shows like Tosh.0 and America 's Got Talent . No one is really sure what his talent is , but it seemed to be “ explaining that he is Tron Guy to a large , baffled , mildly antagonistic audience . ”
And then he disappeared , as he should , leaving us all with the delightful memory of a giant loser who captured our love and our short attention spans for a few days .
Unfortunately , he has come back to haunt us in the worst possible way : by writing a Medium post about how oppressed he is because a nerd convention cares about people other than white men .
“ Make Penguicon Great Again ” is truly a masterpiece of mangry whining . Penguicon , an annual con held near Detroit , is the first place where Tron Guy — aka Jay Maynard — dressed up like Tron Guy , and apparently he 's been attending every year since .
But in recent years , he 's been disturbed to see the con capitulate to the evil Social Justice Warriors , destroying his otherwise positive experience . What has Penguicon done to ruin Tron Guy 's life , you ask ? Let 's break it down :
They invited science fiction authors Charlie Jane Anders and Annalee Newitz as 2 of their 12 guests of honor in 2015 . I 'm not sure what his issue with them is , but I guess they 're women ? I looked up the schedule and the panels they were on included “ Story Structure : What is it , and Can it Make Your Writing Zoom ? ” , “ How To Turn Imposter Syndrome Into A Superpower ” . He complains about “ politically correct panels. ” Of the 100 or so panels from 2015 , here are some I identified as being SJWish : “ Gender Inclusion in Physical Activities , ” “ How to Survive in the Corporate World When You 're Different , ” two “ LGBT ” panels , “ Watching TV That Looks Like Me , ” “ War on Cooties : Bringing Nerd Men and Women to the Same Game Board , ” and “ GamerGate — What have we learned ? ” I assume Tron Guy was forced to attend these panels at gun point . I also assume he was n't armed , despite his stated interest in the two panels about geeks with guns . There were no panels about feminism , for the record . The con put up posters encouraging consent . Tron Guy does n't go into detail about his problems with this but since no one is forced to look at posters , even at gun point , I can only assume he was afraid other people would see the posters and get it into their heads that they deserve respect . In Tron World , there is no consent , because if a girl says no you can just reprogram her to say yes . Therefore , these posters impinge on Tron Guy 's right to touch other people without their permission . Tron Guy 's last complaint is possibly the most damning : the con tried to arrange to have one unisex bathroom at the event , but they were n't able to . Is there anything more hurtful , more marginalizing , for a man who just wants to pee and poop in the presence of other men , then for there to be a single optional bathroom for people of all genders to use ? And for that bathroom to not actually exist in the end ? Just knowing that a bathroom like that could have existed somewhere , even though it does n't , is incredibly triggering for Tron Guy . It ruined his safe space .
Poor Tron Guy was able to speak with the con board , but in 2016 they only accepted one of his panel suggestions . He does n't say what it was but I looked up the schedule and he was on two panels : “ Where Did the Heroes Go ? , ” and , hmm , oh : “ Erotica in Speculative Fiction. ” That 's strange . You 'd think a person who wanted to be on a panel about erotica in speculative fiction would be in favor of more diverse and sex-positive topics .
I found that very odd , so I went to Tron Guy 's website and found that he 's actually quite diverse , himself ! It turns out Tron Guy is actually a female furry named Sheila ( aka Splut ) Warner , apparently related to the famous Warners of Animaniacs . According to his “ furry code , ” he…I 'm sorry , she will “ hug anyone ” she knows , which may explain the objection to consent posters , and she 's “ ready , willing , and able ” to have sex , and her “ human form ” is a male who has had “ real , live sex. ” That 's actually what it says . “ Real , live sex. ” Tron Guy has done it .
The links Tron Guy includes have expired but thanks to Internet Archive , we can see what Sheila looks like in her true “ fursona ” . It looks like there 's definite overlap with her human form , at least when it comes to leotards . Oh and also sometimes Sheila is a centaur .
Now , I 'm not pointing all this out to fur-shame . If you 're an obese 60-year old man who thinks he 's actually a small female cartoon character , that 's totally up to you ! But it 's strange that I do n't see Tron Guy complaining about the panel on furries that was at Penguicon in 2016 . So why complain about the one panel that addressed transgender people ? Oh , because being transgender is a ridiculous , politically correct , social justice , virtue-signaling freak show , but being a small female monkey centaur trapped in the body of a fat old man dressed in a leotard is just the way things should be .
So sure , let 's make Penguicon great again . Let 's only invite actual penguins , or people who think they 're penguins . Like the good old days .
Desperate women are putting their lives at risk by buying potentially deadly fertility drugs sold illegally through the online auction site eBay .
The prescription-only medications can cause blood clots , deep vein thrombosis and strokes .
Women may also develop ovarian hyper-stimulation syndrome , that can cause fatal organ failure , and life-threatening cysts , as Lorraine Davy did in a case study .
Scroll down for video
After buying potentially deadly fertility drugs online , women may develop ovarian hyper-stimulation syndrome , that can cause fatal organ failure , and life-threatening cysts , as Lorraine Davy ( pictured ) did
Women unable to afford private treatment are buying the egg production-boosting drugs online after being refused NHS funding , doctors say .
An investigation by The Mail on Sunday has revealed that IVF medication is being sold for a third of the normal market price on eBay . The fertility drugs include brand names Suprecur , Cetrotide and Menopur . They are hormone treatments used to stimulate the ovary to produce more eggs to increase fertility and as part of IVF procedures .
Last night doctors called for women to be warned of the dangers of buying such drugs over the internet .
Leading fertility expert Professor Lord Winston cautioned : ‘ You do n't know if they are what they say on the packet . The drugs may not be pure and there 's always a risk when drugs are taken without medical supervision . '
Dr Geetha Venkat , a consultant at the private Harley Street Fertility Clinic , added : ‘ Women need to be warned against buying these medications online . These are hormone injections and unless they are medically supervised they can be dangerous to life . '
Women unable to afford private treatment are buying the egg production-boosting drugs online after being refused NHS funding , doctors say ( stock image )
The investigation found that 1mg of Suprecur ( pictured ) , which normally costs £35 at a private clinic , can be bought for as little as £15 on eBay ( stock image )
But Dr Venkat said despite the dangers women were tempted to buy IVF drugs online because they are rejected for NHS funding and can not afford the high costs of paying privately .
But Dr Venkat said despite the dangers women were tempted to buy IVF drugs online because they are rejected for NHS funding and can not afford the high costs of paying privately .
She said : ‘ Fertility treatment is quite expensive and it 's not available in many areas , even though NICE guidelines say that couples should be eligible for three cycles of IVF . It 's like a postcode lottery .
‘ So the women buying the drugs on eBay are probably trying to cut the cost of paying privately . '
The MoS found that 1mg of Suprecur , which normally costs £35 at a private clinic , can be bought for as little as £15 on eBay . Meanwhile , a packet containing ten vials of Menopur to inject , costing £300 when purchased privately , is on sale for £100 . It is suspected the sellers could be either unscrupulous pharmacists , criminals selling counterfeit goods or couples who have gone through IVF and have left over medication .
The Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) confirmed yesterday that it is illegal for IVF drugs to be sold anywhere other than at a registered pharmacy or under the supervision of a pharmacist .
An MHRA spokesman said : ‘ This is unacceptable and we 've asked eBay to remove these medicines from sale as a matter of priority . '
An eBay spokesman said : ‘ Our policies prohibit the listing of prescription drugs . Ebay works closely with the MHRA and other regulators who have a direct line to eBay to enable us to remove any listings of concern as soon as they are reported . '
In conjunction with winning this season 's league title , Manchester United have also scooped up both the Barclays Premier League 's Manager of the Year and Player of the Year awards , which is operated by the Football Association .
More than likely it was against the FA 's will , Sir Alex Ferguson has been greeted with the manager 's award for a remarkable 10th time , and his captain of choice , Nemanja Vidic , has earned the honor for the second time since joining United in January 2006 .
Usually these awards go to the best player and manager that wins the league , but this season these two honorees were fully-deserving – no matter if they won the league or not .
A lot of pundits are calling this Sir Alex 's best managerial feat since joining United in 1986 , so , with that said , it is very fitting that he was chosen this season . By winning the league title for an unthinkable 12th time , it has allowed Ferguson to finally fulfill his obligation of knocking Liverpool right off their lofty perch .
Back in 2002/03 before the Reds overcame Arsenal to win that league title , the Gaffer boldly revealed that his greatest ambition when the manager at Old Trafford would be “ knocking Liverpool right off their f * * * * * g perch. ” That was back when United were still four domestic league triumphs behind the 18-times winner , who have not won the trophy since 1989/90 , and now they are the kings of the roost , and with Ferguson at the helm , the Reds will not be giving up that position .
The addiction of success has spurred Sir Alex on , and , since then , he has admirably guided his team to five titles in the last nine years – and there really is not an end in sight to his reign , either .
Like he has done throughout his time at United , Ferguson has built a squad comprised of 25 players willing to contribute when and where they are needed . To be honest , there are not really any flashy , bigger-than-life superstars in the squad – just a bunch of very good players , who believe in the team 's goals rather than their personal .
That could not be truer than with the man who was honored with the Barclays Premier League Player of the Year award . Vidic , who was recently snubbed for any of the individual awards Reds ' end of the season banquet , is serving his first season the club 's designated skipper and his leadership has merited this award . To further prove why the Gaffer bestowed that responsibility on him , the no-nonsense center-back has featured in the Premier League more times than any other United player with 34 appearances to his name .
With an uncanny amount of injuries to the back-four over the last two seasons , Vidic has proven to be the immovable force and is constantly seen laying his body on the line to deny an opposing player a crack at goal .
However , he does not only offer an immense presence at the back , but Vidic is also one of United 's deadliest weapons on set pieces . It was him that scored the goal that led to the Reds having a nearly unassailable chance of winning the league this season with the eventual decisive goal against Chelsea a few weeks back .
Last summer , there were a lot of rumors that gained momentum suggesting that Vidic was on his way out of Old Trafford , but he squashed them by signing a new contract extension and was rewarded with the captain 's armband .
Even though it is nice to see two of Manchester United 's unheralded servants win the Barclays Premier League Manager of the Year and Player of the Year awards , both Sir Alex Ferguson and Nemanja Vidic would both rather have the team success that has gone along with this award .
Submitted by The United Religion
Chances are you 've seen a lot of street fights if you ever hung around the good ole Interwebs for more than 10 minutes . Those virtually always feature the same stuff : messy action , cheap shots , ugly ‘ technique ' .
Not this one , though .
The following footage shows two teenage girls engaging in a wild street fight . The difference with most street fights here is that one of them possesses amazing skills…
The two girls start engaging on the feet . The one wearing a grey hoodie grabs her foe 's hair ( welp , yeah , this is n't the UFC ! ) , drags her to the ground , and hits a very nice sweep that almost makes her land in top position . The girl with the black shorts lands in dominant position , but not for long .
The girl in the grey hoodie seems to go for a triangle choke , but uses it as leverage to perform a beautiful sweep that lands her in the mount position . She 's starting to throw heavy leather . The other girl tries to turn away , but in vain . Back to mount . The girl on the bottom , forced to protect her face , gives one of her arm to the girl on top who immediately goes for a textbook armbar !
It seems to be locked ( look at the girl 's elbow being torqued in a painful way ) but somehow the girl on the bottom manages to pull out . The other girl throws big punches again and lands in side control . She continues dominating the other girl and now is going for a rear naked choke !
It is soon locked up this time . The girl in the black shorts try to defend the submission by grabbing her foe 's hair ( hey , sometimes you got ta do what you can to escape ! ) but it 's too late . The choke is very tight , and the other girl ends up totally unconscious .
This fight is a real gem if you 're a grappling freak like myself . Neat throws , beautiful sweeps , tight submissions , it had it all .
Next : The 5 hottest female MMA instagrams
When I meet veteran baseball writers Lisa Saxon and Melissa Ludtke , they 're sharing a rented house in Cooperstown , New York , right near the National Baseball Hall of Fame .
These lifelong baseball fans have journeyed to Cooperstown to celebrate a milestone in the world of sportswriting .
`` I ca n't believe I lived to see this day , given what we all went through , '' Lisa says .
`` No , I mean , it 's absolutely a moment I never would have imagined possible back in the '70s — it would n't have even occurred to me , '' Melissa says . `` I mean , here we were , you know , fighting Major League Baseball in court for what we thought was just so obvious , that we were here , saying , 'We just love your game . We just wan na be a part of it . We just wan na cover it . ' ''
The Call
Melissa 's `` fight '' began in 1977 .
She was in her 20s , a hungry young researcher and reporter for Sports Illustrated . She was one of the only women writing about baseball at the time , for any news outlet . She 'd been assigned to cover the 1977 World Series between the New York Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers .
But even though both teams had granted her access to the field , and the locker room , during the first game she got a call that would change everything .
`` The commissioner 's office called me and said , 'No go . We 're in charge of the clubhouses . I do n't care what the Yankees say , we do n't care what the Dodgers say , ' '' Melissa remembers . `` I said , 'Why are you making this decision ? ' He said , ‘ Well , we have n't polled the players ' wives , ' to which I said , 'What have you ever polled the players ' wives about in terms of baseball policy ? ' And he said , also , he said , 'If we were to allow this to happen , the players ' children would be ridiculed in their classrooms the next day . ' Those were the two reasons given to me why my right , which was on the clubhouse pass given to me , was taken away .
`` And , I mean , it was just — the clubhouse is more than just the quotes you get . It 's the sensation . It 's what you hear , it 's what you see , it 's sort of the tenor , it 's the tone , it 's what you pick up . It 's what any good reporter just wants to be part of . And , that was gone . That was absolutely gone . ''
Melissa and her employer , Time Inc. , sued Major League Baseball for violating Melissa 's right to equal protection under the 14th Amendment . In September 1978 , they won that case , with the judge ruling that whatever locker room policy Major League Baseball came up with , it had to be equal for male and female sports reporters .
But the commissioner of baseball ? Bowie Kuhn ? He just could n't let that decision go .
So , the 1978 World Series rolled around , and it was time for his office to set the media policy for locker rooms .
`` And so he went back to the judge and asked if he really could set whatever policy they wanted and the judge said , 'As long as it 's equal , ' '' Melissa says . `` And so the very first night he made this decision that there would be a period of time where all the reporters would go into the locker room , and then they would clear the locker room of all the reporters . ''
The players would have ten minutes to get dressed , and all the reporters would go back into the locker room .
`` This would be equal , '' Melissa says .
But this new policy caused an uproar .
`` Well , I recall that night vividly , because as they began to clear reporters out , the men started protesting , '' Melissa continues . `` They could n't understand how they could be treated this way , that they were being restricted in their time in the locker room . And , you know , I did n't make one comment that night . But I watched it with the thought in my head that , you know , for the first time you 're understanding what our struggle , our battle , our fight , our lawsuit , you know , is about . And , I will tell you : That policy lasted one night . ''
'Token Female '
The next season , Lisa Saxon came on the scene as a sports reporter with the LA Daily News – though in those days , she was writing under her maiden name , Nehus .
`` The day I arrived to work — this was just the tell-tale sign for me — my very first day , I arrived to my desk and they had made a sign for me and it said 'Token Female , ' '' she says .
That moment inspired Lisa to work even harder . She meticulously kept track of every single stat . And even though her salary was peanuts compared with the guys , she put in longer hours than anyone .
So fast forward to 1982 . Melissa had moved on to covering other sports , and Lisa now had the California Angels beat . The Angels ' manager was Gene Mauch .
`` I stuck my hand out and I said , 'Hi , Gene . Lisa Nehus . It 's nice to meet you . I 'm gon na be with the team for the rest of the season . ' He let my hand hang in the air . He crossed his arms and he said , 'You can come into my locker room , but if you come into my office , I 'm not talking to anyone . ' He turned on his heels and ran behind second base to watch batting practice . And I waved at him , and I said , 'Hi , Gene . Nice to meet you , too . ' ''
And Gene Mauch made good on this , what , promise ? Threat ? If Lisa tried to come into his office for postgame interviews , he would n't let anyone in .
`` So I used to have to wait outside the manager 's office , because the protocol after the game is first you talk to the manager , then you talk to the players , '' Lisa says . `` That left me in the locker room alone with the players . ''
And that 's no small thing . See , even though Melissa Ludtke 's lawsuit let women reporters inside the locker room , it could n't control what happened once they got there .
`` Going in the locker room , knots would get in my stomach , '' Lisa says . `` It actually is a physically uncomfortable thing to do because you did n't know what you would face . And at the very least you would have jockstraps thrown at you and dirty undergarments . And that was an everyday occurrence , and then you would just build onto that what might happen . And you just hoped for the best when you went in . ''
This , Lisa says , this is where she found her true angels — among the California Angels .
`` While the guys were in talking to the manager , I could go stand by Rod Carew 's locker , with Ron Jackson , Papa Jack , and they were in a corner of the clubhouse where I could n't see anything , '' she says . `` And I could just talk to them until the other writers came out , or the player I was waiting for was dressed . And I could say , ‘ I need to talk to this person or that person , can you let me know when it 's a good time to go over ? ' And those guys helped . ''
Then came the 1983 season . Gene Mauch had been replaced by John McNamara , who 'd been hired away from the Cincinnati Reds .
`` I have to be honest with you , '' Lisa says . `` I remember one night , we went in for the postgame meeting , and the first question to him is , 'Why did you leave Andy Hassler in there ? ' Hassler had given up a home run . And McNamara threw the food off his desk and he said , 'All of you , get out of here . Except you . ' And he 's pointing to me , and I 'm like , 'Oh , my God , what ? '
`` And so I stayed and I said , 'Yes , what do you need ? ' And he said , 'What question was asked to me , Lisa ? ' And I said , 'Why did you leave Hassler in ? ' He said , ' I 'm going to tell you how to ask that question : What factors led to you deciding to leave Hassler in ? Now , you tell me the difference between the two questions . ' I said , 'Well , one , I 'm acknowledging that you had a reason for doing this . ' And he said , 'Absolutely . And if you want to survive in baseball , this is how you 're going to ask questions . ' And he said , 'Now , ask the question . ' I did . And he said , 'You 're the only one getting this answer tonight . ' ''
This Close To Quitting
But even with Angels manager John McNamara on her side , 1983 was a tough year for Lisa . Players continued to verbally and sexually harass her . Other writers spread rumors about her sleeping with players . During a road trip to St. Louis , a security guard tried kicking her out of a hotel , accusing her of being a sex worker . By the end of the season , Lisa was this close to quitting her job . And she told John McNamara as much .
`` And he stayed up with me until 5 o'clock in the morning , talking with me , '' Lisa recalls . `` And he said , ' I want you to clearly articulate why you 're not coming back . ' And I said , 'It 's so hard . I face A , B , C. ' And he said , 'You still have n't given me a reason , because none of them have to do with you ; they have to do with other people . Until you can give me a reason why Lisa should n't cover baseball , I fully expect to see you back here next year . ' ''
And , he did . Though now , Lisa was covering the LA Dodgers . It was 1984 , and at this point , although every clubhouse in the American League was officially open to women , some teams in the National League would n't let them in .
But , in spite of everything , what Lisa was determined not to do , was complained .
`` 'Cause if I complain , they 're going to pull me off or use it as a reason to pull me off , '' she says . `` And that 's when I came up with my pat lines . ''
When a clubhouse attendant turned her away , she 'd fire back :
`` I have a Baseball Writers ' Association of America pass that says I should be let into the locker room . And this says 'Admit Bearer , ' not 'Admit Bearer With Penis . ' Are you going to do penis checks on everyone ? Because if you do , you 're gon na find out I really have big balls . ''
By the end of the 1984 season , Lisa Saxon was exhausted . From the start of spring training to the end of the season , she 'd only taken two days off .
And it was n't as if she had this huge support network of other female sportswriters to turn to . In the mid-'80s , she was one of just three women covering the majors full time . There was her friend , Claire Smith , who reported on the New York Yankees for the Hartford Courant . And Susan Fornoff , who wrote about the Oakland A 's for the Sacramento Bee .
But that was it .
'You Are The Best Writer On This Beat '
Still , Lisa Saxon was determined to keep on keeping on . But remember Gene Mauch ? The manager who ran away from Lisa when she introduced herself ? The one who told her that if she tried interviewing him in his office , he would n't let anyone else in ?
Well , in 1985 , Gene Mauch came back to the Angels .
`` So I 'm thinking , 'Oh , God , please help me , ' '' Lisa says .
`` And so one day I was talking to Gene , and he said , ' I just want you to know , I respect the hell out of you . You are the best writer on this beat . There is no one who knows more about baseball . '
`` But when I look at you , I see my daughter . And when I see what happens to you in that locker room , I think of my daughter . ' And I said , 'Well , Gene , I want you to turn your thinking around . If you want to think of your daughter , that 's beautiful . But change the script of her life . Your daughter wants nothing more than to be a baseball writer . ' ''
Gene Mauch told Lisa that he still did n't like seeing her in his locker room , but he allowed her into his office .
`` That was my moment where I knew I 'd been accepted , if I could win over Gene Mauch , '' she says .
By 1988 , Lisa moved on to covering the LA Raiders , and college sports . In 1989 , she found herself having trouble concentrating ; a doctor diagnosed her with `` combat fatigue . ''
Lisa says she carried around a lot of hurt after her years in baseball . She had her share of high points — like that moment with Gene Mauch — and her share of angels and allies . But by the time she left sportswriting to teach journalism in 2001 , she had a lot of healing to do .
Since then , sportswriters — male sportswriters — have been getting in touch to apologize for not having done more to support her . And these conversations mean the world to her .
The Highest Honor In Baseball Writing
But what happened in Cooperstown this summer means the universe . See , there 's a pretty big reason Lisa Saxon and Melissa Ludtke came in from LA and Boston , respectively , and rented a house , along with several female sportswriters working in the industry today .
You see , during Hall of Fame weekend , when the National Baseball Hall of Fame held its annual induction ceremony , for the first time , a woman received the highest honor the Baseball Writers ' Association of America bestows : the J.G . Taylor Spink Award .
The recipient was Claire Smith , one of Lisa Saxon 's few female compatriots from the 1980s . When Claire took over the Yankees beat for the Hartford Courant , she was the first woman to cover a major league team full-time . She also wrote for the New York Times and the Philadelphia Inquirer . Now she 's an editor with ESPN .
`` Today , I humbly stand on this stage on behalf of every single person in my profession in baseball and beyond who was stung by racism or sexism or any other insidious bias , but persevered , '' Smith says in her acceptance speech . `` You are unbreakable . You make me proud . ''
Marcus Rashford scored his fourth league goal of the season
Aston Villa have been relegated to English football 's second tier for the first time since 1987 after defeat at Manchester United .
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal , sweeping Antonio Valencia 's cut-back past goalkeeper Brad Guzan .
Villa were second best for much of the game , although Rudy Gestede 's volley did hit a post late on .
It was a ninth straight loss for the visitors and left them 15 points from safety with only four matches left .
Relive the action from Old Trafford
Reaction from Saturday 's other Premier League games
Media playback is not supported on this device Aston Villa : How club went from Europe to relegation
Does 'anarchy ' beckon for Villa ?
European Cup winners in 1982 , Aston Villa have a proud history but are facing a turbulent immediate future .
Caretaker manager Eric Black has spoken of the danger of the club falling into `` anarchy '' at the end of a miserable campaign played out against the backdrop of fan protests against Randy Lerner 's ownership .
Last time Villa were relegated to the old second division they immediately returned under Graham Taylor and finished second in the top flight the following season .
At Old Trafford they were outplayed for the majority of the game until the introduction of Gestede gave the travelling supporters hope of salvaging something from the day they finally went down .
It was not to be though - and not many of those 1,500 or so supporters will expect their team to be competing in the Champions League by 2018 .
Rooney 's return
Victory for United means they keep up the pressure on Manchester City in fourth place .
Rooney was at times forced to drop and pick up the ball in front of his centre-backs as Villa defended deeply . Of his performance Van Gaal said : `` He played a very good first half , switched the play a lot of times . In the second half he loses balls because he is tired and the rhythm is still high . When you are two months out it is difficult . ''
This was an important win in the race for a Champions League spot , and important too for the return of forward Wayne Rooney , who last played in the Premier League on 13 February .
The England captain was not at his best - one heavy touch on the edge of the box saw a golden chance slip away - but he played his part in a solid all-round performance from Louis van Gaal 's team .
The 18-year-old Rashford - who now has seven goals in 12 United appearances - should have added to his brilliantly taken first but prodded wide under pressure in a bright start to the second half , before Juan Mata could only fire straight at Guzan from a short corner .
Gestede almost drew Villa level when striking the post from a corner with just over five minutes to play , but United winger Memphis Depay was also denied by the post soon after - and United were deserved winners .
What they said
Aston Villa caretaker manager Eric Black : `` It 's a mood of disappointment . What I will say is today I thought [ the Villa players ] were outstanding - energy levels , desire to stick to the plan .
Media playback is not supported on this device Man Utd 1-0 Aston Villa : Players are devastated - Eric Black
`` But for some misfortune , I thought we could have got a draw . I know there has been criticism - some of it deserved - but today they showed there was some pride for the shirt .
`` There are players in there capable of playing in the Championship . People in certain places will make sure that Villa will come back , I 'm confident of that . That process has to start now . ''
Media playback is not supported on this device Man Utd did n't play well - Van Gaal
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal : `` We have three points and make some distance from Southampton and West Ham , so the three points are very important . I 'm not too happy with the performance . We have to finish the games a lot earlier and today we did n't do that .
`` I have said to the boys before the match that Chelsea can beat Manchester City . City have the problem we had in that they have played this week and Chelsea did n't so they are more prepared . They can beat them I hope . ''
Man of the match - Marcus Rashford ( Manchester United )
Rashford was full of movement throughout and showed a touch of real class for his sweetly taken finish . The home fans gave him a brilliant send-off when Anthony Martial came on to replace him .
The stats you need to know
Aston Villa 's relegation is the earliest from the Premier League since Portsmouth were relegated with five games to go in 2009-10 .
Villa have won none of their past 13 Premier League meetings with Manchester United ( W0 D3 L10 ) .
In total United have lost just once in their past 41 Premier Leagues matches against Villa ( W30 D10 L1 ) .
The Red Devils have kept 11 clean sheets in their past 16 Premier League home matches .
Aston Villa have won none of their past 16 Premier Leagues away games ( D3 L13 ) .
What 's next ?
Manchester United play at home to Crystal Palace on Wednesday , while Aston Villa 's next match is on Saturday when they welcome Southampton to Villa Park .
CLOSE James Robertson , 56 , of Detroit has a champ 's commute . He rides buses part-way but walks about 21 miles in round trips to a factory . Ryan Garza/Detroit Free Press
Well-wishers worldwide told us they worried for the safety of James Robertson -- the hard-walkin ' factory worker gifted with a new car and $ 350K . This week , police took action .
Buy Photo James Robertson , 56 , of Detroit has moved with the help of police . ( Photo : Ryan Garza Detroit Free Press ) Buy Photo Story Highlights He stunned the world with Olympian commutes to a factory job -- 21 miles of walking daily .
A Free Press story gained Detroiter James Robertson a free car and donations of $ 350,000 .
Robertson began telling friends he was worried about his safety around roommates and neighbors .
Today , Detroit police helped him move at a moment 's notice and did n't tell his `` girlfriend '' where .
The Detroiter who stunned the world with Olympian walks to his suburban factory job — and stunned himself by attracting gifts of a new car and $ 350,000 in donations — abruptly moved Tuesday to a location he felt was safer , police said .
James Robertson , 56 , was helped by Detroit police to move just minutes after crime-prevention specialists offered him temporary living quarters , Detroit police Capt . Aric Tosqui said .
`` We had a meeting with him ( and ) he expressed interest that he did not feel safe , '' said Tosqui , commanding officer of the 3rd Precinct .
A swirl of publicity grew around Robertson and his windfall last week after the Free Press told of his 21 miles of walking and two bus rides in daily commutes to and from a job where he has had years of perfect attendance .
`` People were actually asking him for money , '' 2nd Deputy Chief June West said . Robertson has yet to receive any of the cash , raised in just a week of Internet donations to a GoFundMe.com page , according to page creator Evan Leedy .
Robertson and Leedy , 19 , are to meet within a week with financial advisers to discuss how the money is to be managed for Robertson 's benefit , Leedy said .
`` He 's a diamond in the rough in terms of what happened to him , '' Tosqui said .
Driving Robertson 's decision was news that last week Detroit police arrested a man charged in the killing of an 86-year-old Detroiter who disappeared in December , three days after the elderly man was said to have won $ 20,000 in a lottery game , police said .
`` He knew about that story , and I also know about an incident in the 1st Precinct where a gentleman was killed after he allegedly won some money , '' Tosqui said . `` In those two examples , no one approached the department . But if somebody won the lottery tomorrow and contacted us , we would look at the situation in the same way and see what we could do , '' he said .
After the move , Robertson said , `` I wanted to get it over with — there were so many factors involved '' about potential risks to his safety and need to safeguard his new car . He said he was relieved to be out of the rooming house where he 'd lived for more than 15 years , and relieved to be away from his landlady — the woman he 'd long called his girlfriend — because `` the issue was , she liked to control everyone and everything . ''
After setting up Tuesday 's meeting with Robertson , Tosqui said he contacted a local businessman and asked whether he had an empty apartment that he could make available for Robertson , at no cost `` for a few days , '' while the native Detroiter decides where he wants to live permanently .
Buy Photo James Robertson 's new Ford Taurus was parked Monday night in a Detroit police parking lot in the New Center area . ( Photo : Bill Laitner , Detroit Free Press )
`` There 's people in the community who were sympathetic , '' Tosqui said .
Robertson said he 'd stay in his new residence for no more than about a week while he seeks long-term housing , probably at a site closer to his job that for years has been 23 miles away , near M-59 and Crooks Road . He said he was thinking of moving to Oakland County , possibly Troy .
`` Do n't get me wrong . It 'll be hard to leave the city that I love '' – Detroit , he said .
Robertson , who received a 2015 loaded Ford Taurus last week , was allowed to park the $ 35,000 car in the precinct 's parking lot Monday night , Tosqui said . The meeting and parking arrangement were arranged by Robertson 's friend , UBS banker Blake Pollock .
Robertson 's decision to move came after he confided that he was concerned about his safety , and that some of the other residents at the boardinghouse where he lived wanted a share of his windfall and threatened Robertson with violence , said Pollock , 47 , of Rochester , who befriended the intrepid commuter .
`` The biggest thing for me is that nobody had to talk him into moving , '' Pollock said . When police told Robertson that the apartment was available , `` He just said , 'Let 's do it , ' `` said Pollock .
The two met last year when Pollock , in his 2014 Chrysler 300 , on an impulse , offered a ride to the man he 'd seen countless times walking long miles in bad weather on Crooks Road in Troy and Rochester Hills .
Since then , the bank vice president said he has given Robertson scores of rides and they 've become friends .
In Robertson 's meeting with police , Pollock said , `` They had four officers talking to him , warning him about his situation , ( and then ) five officers with garbage bags went to his house '' to remove Robertson 's belongings from the second-story apartment for which the molding-machine operator paid $ 220 a week in rent for years , Pollock said .
Robertson has said he earns $ 10.55 per hour , netting $ 317 per week after taxes and other deductions .
Robertson did not call it rent when he said he regularly gave money to the listed owner of the house , Tayna Fox , 60 , whom Robertson repeatedly has said was `` my girlfriend , '' although the two did not live in the same unit .
He lived upstairs , Fox lived downstairs , but she said last week , `` I 'm his lady — we 've been together 15 years . ''
Fox told police who arrived at the house Tuesday that Robertson was n't home , Pollock said .
Reached Tuesday at her hairdresser , Fox said , `` We 're still together '' even though Robertson had moved and did not give her his new address , she said .
Robertson has said that also living at the house were Fox 's ex-husband ; her son , 34 , and another man .
Shortly after police helped Robertson to move from Detroit 's North End neighborhood to the New Center area , he drove his car to his job in Rochester Hills , having declined the invitation of Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan to attend Tuesday night 's State of the City speech because `` it would interfere with my work — that 's just me . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/1DghfRF
Announced last month , the new wave will include action figures based on Glenn , The Governor , Michonne 's pets , the Governor 's daughter Penny and a black-and-white , bloody variant figure of The Governor . Earlier , ComicBook.com brought you a shelf warmer set up to keep a spot for The Governor when we reported on the Walking Dead TV series action figure line -- well , here are some more shots .
Shown at left is a shot of Glenn in riot gear from the prison ; it 's an unpainted prototype that McFarlane Toys had on display at Toy Fare today , but the next time you see it , it 'll look more like the one below , which is a painted prototype .
The Governor looks from the mock-up art as though he comes with a couple of his aquariums , and from the figure like he 's got a knife and either a stick , baseball bat or some kind of baton . The black-and-shite variant , as far as we can tell from the art and the mock-up packaging we photographed earlier today , will have the Governor missing an arm . The `` pet '' zombie comes with his own chain , and what appears to be a small piece of the zombie on the ground in front of it seems to suggest that maybe they 've included its jaw , with an eye toward fans being able to reproduce the scene where Michonne first disarmed him . Glenn has both the riot gear ( helmet , shield and baton ) and a gasoline can .
Ordinary civilians who previously could n't give two shits about the military are suddenly getting a hard-on for America 's fighting men and women after viewing the blockbuster film American Sniper .
The movie starring Bradley Cooper as real-life U.S. Navy Seal Chris Kyle is having a nearly miraculous effect on this country 's apathetic turds by making them feel like they have an emotional bond with every single person who currently is — or ever was — in the American armed services .
“ You never really know what our military goes through until you sit through a two-hour movie . ”
“ I 've never loved America so goddam much ! Especially our military and their sacrifices , ” Baton Rouge resident Joseph Monroe exclaimed as he exited the Cinemark Theater at Perkins Rowe , where he had just seen the film . “ I mean , you never really know what our military goes through until you sit through a two-hour movie . ”
Other moviegoers who had just watched the Clint Eastwood-directed film expressed similar sentiments ; some even bragged about having distant relatives or estranged friends who are stationed in places as far away as Pensacola , FL .
“ I 'm so thankful for their sacrifices , and , like , you know , it 's so cool how much they help out and stuff , ” said Prairieville resident Kimberly Gautreaux , exuding wisdom well beyond her 19 years .
“ The best part was how the movie really made me feel like I was there , in the shit , every step of the way , ” offered 23-year-old Baton Rouge resident Ray Goings , who had just spent the previous couple hours shoveling massive quantities of imitation-buttered popcorn down his gullet .
Many viewers , several of whom thought boot camp is merely a popular exercise program , reported being subjected to harsh conditions similar to those endured by rank and file enlisted men and women , such as standing in line .
“ I never knew what my enlisted buddies were talking about until I stood in line for like five whole minutes to get my ticket , and then watched people just walk on past me to get a ticket without a line . Like a privileged officer or something , ” one movie patron said . “ Now I feel like the 10-minute drive to my $ 250,000 south Baton Rouge home is just like returning from deployment . ”
Some who had just viewed the film could hardly wait to exit the theater before whipping out their phones to let everyone on social media know how patriotic the film made them feel .
“ Now I feel like the 10-minute drive to my $ 250,000 south Baton Rouge home is just like returning from deployment . ”
“ It 's so awesome that my friends on Facebook and Twitter and Instagram will know how much I got the movie 's message and how much I appreciated it and support Brantley Cooperson 's portrayal of Chad Pyle . # ReadTheBook , ” Gautreaux expressed .
When asked if they might consider joining the military after watching American Sniper , however , responses were notably less enthusiastic .
“ Oh , I totally would have joined , but I was smart enough to get into college , ” explained Goings , apparently oblivious to the fact that military officers hold higher education degrees .
Another common response to the question was , “ I totally would have signed up , but my dad said I could n't . ”
Teenage forward Josh Sargent , a rising star in the U.S. national team system , has agreed to a pro contract with Bundesliga club Werder Bremen . He 'll formally join the team when he turns 18 in February . The Missouri native burst onto the international scene this spring by scoring five goals at CONCACAF 's U-17 World Cup qualifying tournament . He then reported to the U-20s at the World Cup in South Korea , where he scored four times in five matches . He 'll play in the U-17 World Cup in India , starting in two weeks .
Hear why new signing @ _joshsargent_ chose to join # Werder to start his professional career from 2018 🇺🇸 👇 pic.twitter.com/XutentSxj3 — SV Werder Bremen EN ( @ werderbremen_en ) September 20 , 2017
> > Two players already well-established in Germany might face one another this afternoon as Borussia Dortmund visits Hamburg . Christian Pulisic is in the mix for a possible start for Dortmund , while Bobby Wood hopes to return to the game-day squad after missing last Friday 's match with a sore knee . Kickoff is at 2:30 p.m . ET on FS1 , Fox Sports Go , Fox Soccer Match Pass and fuboTV .
Elsewhere in Germany , Timmy Chandler and Eintracht Frankfurt visit Cologne , while in the second flight , Julian Green and Greuther Fuerth are at Braunschweig .
> > Yesterday , 19-year-old midfielder Weston McKennie ( FC Dallas youth academy ) made his first Bundesliga start , logging 57 minutes in Schalke 's 3-0 home defeat to Bayern Munich . Fabian Johnson entered in the 70th in Moenchengladbach 's 2-0 victory over Stuttgart .
> > In the English League Cup , today Eric Lichaj and Nottingham Forest visit Chelsea , while Lynden Gooch and Sunderland are at Everton . Yesterday , Emerson Hyndman entered in the 116th minute during Bournemouth 's 1-0 victory over Brighton .
> > The U.S. women 's national team completed a two-game sweep of New Zealand with a 5-0 victory before 30,596 at Cincinnati 's Nippert Stadium . Alex Morgan scored twice , and Lindsay Horan , Mallory Pugh and Lynn Williams added one apiece for the Americans , who have won four in a row . They 'll regroup for friendlies against South Korea on Oct. 19 in New Orleans and Oct. 22 in Cary , N.C .
G O O D M O R N I N G
O
A
L
S pic.twitter.com/EJhSfHAC2e — U.S. Soccer WNT ( @ ussoccer_wnt ) September 20 , 2017
Over four days , two matches ( USL and an international friendly ) in Cincinnati drew 61,013 spectators . Though unaffiliated with MLS , the matches will surely help the city 's bid for an MLS expansion team by demonstrating its appetite for soccer .
> > In their 22 seasons of existence , the New York Red Bulls have never raised a trophy after a championship match . In fact , they 've only played in two of them : the 2003 U.S. Open Cup and 2008 MLS Cup . ( They do have two Supporters ' Shields . ) They 'll get another opportunity tonight in the Open Cup final against Sporting Kansas City at Children 's Mercy Park ( 9 p.m. , ET , ESPN2 , WatchESPN , ESPN3 ) . Kansas City is seeking its fourth Open Cup title in 13 years .
> > MLS regular season matches tonight feature two heavy home favorites : The Los Angeles Galaxy ( 27 points ) is at Atlanta United ( 43 ) on ESPN2 at 7 p.m. , while Toronto FC ( 62 ) continues its march to the Supporters ' Shield by hosting the Montreal Impact ( 36 ) . Atlanta has scored 13 goals in three appearances at Mercedes-Benz Stadium , while TFC is 11-0-3 at home .
> > D.C. United Coach Ben Olsen said midfielder Patrick Nyarko is doubtful to play again this season because of a concussion suffered July 22 . He has yet to pass league-mandated protocol and has been unable to resume full-time training . Nyarko , 31 , has had seven concussions since 2008 , raising the possibility that he 'll have to retire after this season . In each of the previous two offseasons , a United player has decided to end his career because of head injuries ( Davy Arnaud and Chris Rolfe ) .
In one day , a photo of a strip of bacon has garnered more than two million views and 3,000 comments , and has had an array of internet users vowing to go vegan . What makes this strip of flesh significant is what appears to be a fully formed nipple still attached . The photo , uploaded to Facebook before being deleted and posted to Reddit , was taken by a woman in Burlington , WI who said she was about to cook the strip for breakfast before the anatomical discovery stopped her . Once uploaded to Reddit , the photograph ( which can be seen here ) elicited a strong response among scores of commenters . “ That 's horrifying , ” one commenter said . “ I never thought anything could make me not want bacon , ” commented another . “ Then I saw this thing . It looks disgusting. ” Many commenters pointed out the irony of so many being revolted by one piece of dead flesh on a strip of another that would otherwise be consumed happily by meat-eaters . “ It 's almost as if bacon came from a live animal , ” one commenter said sarcastically . “ That moment of cognitive dissonance when you realize that the food you 're eating was once a living creature . What a concept , ” said another .
Want more of today 's best plant-based news , recipes , and lifestyle ?
Get our award-winning magazine ! Subscribe
With violent crime on the rise in Baltimore , Larry Wilmore checked back in with the city Tuesday night and found that police there have apparently decided to stop policing . “ Hey police , we did n't say stop murders , we said stop committing murders , ” the host said .
Really , Wilmore just wanted to see how Fox News is “ Fox-splaining ” the slowdown , such as Eric Bolling asking , “ What did you expect would happen ” when cops are “ demoralized ” ?
“ Since when is being demoralized an excuse to not do your job ? ! ” an outraged Wilmore asked in response , accusing Fox of saying it 's OK for cops to act like “ toddlers. ” But it was Kimberly Guilfoyle 's assertion that the Baltimore protests were a “ lynch mob against law enforcement ” that made him even more angry .
“ A lynch mob ? Because people protested misconduct by the police ? ” Wilmore asked before showing Guilfoyle what a real lynch mob looks like .
Watch video below , via Comedy Central :
[ Photo via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Matt Wilstein ( @ TheMattWilstein ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
When Honolulu police officers face termination for breaking the law or otherwise violating department policies , they often are presented with a choice .
Stick out the disciplinary process — which can include criminal trials , administrative hearings and a lengthy union grievance proceeding — or quietly resign .
And while the public is typically left in the dark about the details of officer wrongdoing under any circumstances , a resignation dims the lights even more .
For years the Honolulu Police Department has refused to release information about officers who resigned in lieu of termination . HPD officials have relied upon a clause in the state 's public records law that says details about officer misconduct , including an individual 's name , can only be released after they are discharged .
Now there are questions about whether HPD has been misinterpreting the law , and has been withholding details about officer misconduct that should have been made available all along .
PF Bentley/Civil Beat
“ I think it 's clear enough that this stuff should be public , ” said Brian Black , a Honolulu-based attorney who specializes in First Amendment law and open government . “ You ca n't just resign and then say that everything is private . ”
Just this week , it was revealed that HPD issued 17 discharge notices to officers in 2015 for various misconduct and criminal infractions , including drunken driving , sexual assault and kidnapping . One officer was accused of handcuffing a man , driving him to an undisclosed location and threatening him .
But a spokeswoman for HPD said she could only release the names of two officers , Gerren Silva and Kinohi Warrington , because six others had resigned before their discharges were made official and the remaining nine had pending appeals .
Silva and Warrington were both HPD recruits . Silva lost his job for “ unnecessarily brandishing ” an AR-15 assault rifle at a police station parking lot and squad room . Warrington was fired for getting into a car accident while under the influence of alcohol .
Black , executive director of the Civil Beat Law Center for the Public Interest , said the details about wrongdoing by other officers who resigned should be released as well , including their names .
“ I think it 's clear enough that this stuff should be public . You ca n't just resign and then say that everything is private. ” — Brian Black , executive director of the Civil Beat Law Center for the Public Interest
He points to an opinion from the Hawaii Office of Information Practices — the state agency that oversees the state 's public records law — that says as much . That opinion is based on a case in which an analyst for the state auditor resigned before being disciplined for misconduct .
A staff attorney for OIP found that the public interest in disclosing the analyst 's misconduct outweighed any privacy interests that the individual might have had because that information “ sheds substantial light ” on the auditor 's performance and the functioning of the agency .
Black said he believes that same standard should hold true for police officers who quit before they are fired .
“ The public has the same interest in that information as it does in officers who are subject to final termination , ” he said . “ And HPD 's position is inconsistent with OIP guidance . ”
HPD officials said city attorneys are reviewing the matter .
Meanwhile , the Legislature is considering a bill that aims to lift some of the secrecy surrounding police misconduct .
Sen. Kalani English introduced SB3016 to get rid of the exemption in the public records law that protects bad cops from having information about them released publicly . Currently , the law states that officers are exempt from having details about their misdeeds made public unless they are fired .
PF Bentley/Civil Beat
No other state or county public employees are afforded that luxury .
The only information that comes out about officer suspensions is contained in a vague annual report to the Legislature that does not include names , dates or details about what led to the discipline .
English did not make himself available for an interview despite numerous requests from Civil Beat . Instead , the Senate majority leader 's staff issued a broad statement highlighting the chamber 's desire to improve government :
“ The Senate is reviewing a number of measures that are in line with the four major themes of the 2016 Senate Majority Legislative Program ; Mālama Aupuni ( good governance ) — encourages effectiveness , transparency , and accountability across all branches of government by insisting on high standards of conduct , proper training , and fair and reliable systems and procedures . ”
English 's police transparency measure has the support of several colleagues , including Sens . Will Espero , Les Ihara , Russell Ruderman , Laura Thielen and Roz Baker . It will have its first hearing Thursday in the Senate Public Safety Committee .
If the bill passes there , it faces a steep challenge in the Senate Judiciary and Labor Committee , where it must gain the support of its chairman , Sen. Gil Keith-Agaran .
Keith-Agaran was one of only a two state senators endorsed by the State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers union in 2014 . He deferred a measure that was similar to SB3016 last year with little comment or public debate .
The senator said at that time that he wanted to see how the Hawaii Supreme Court would rule on a case involving the identification of suspended HPD officers and the release of their disciplinary records .
Civil Beat filed a lawsuit in 2013 after HPD refused to release the disciplinary files of 12 officers who had been suspended for 20 days or more for serious misconduct between 2003 and 2012 . Those officers had been disciplined for assaulting citizens , falsifying police reports and interfering in investigations .
Hawaii Circuit Court Judge Karl Sakamoto sided with Civil Beat in 2014 , saying that the records should be released . But the police union , the State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers , appealed the ruling to the Hawaii Supreme Court before any of the disciplinary files were made public .
The state 's high court heard oral argument in June . A ruling is expected sometime this year .
Keith-Agaran did not respond to several requests for comment .
I 've been telling people I read The Economist since college . Sometimes I actually even do read it , but not as often as I say I do — and not as often as I quote stuff from “ London 's influential Economist , ” as they call it on NPR . ( Which I also listen to , by the way — I am very well-informed ! )
Like many people who sometimes travel in high-powered circles , I am a complete fraud . I have no idea how I got here . This is an especially familiar condition in Washington , where I live , and where the impostor syndrome is like our psychological common cold . So a lot of people lie about reading The Economist here . We probably have the highest number of lied-about subscribers . Because it 's important to come off smart and worldly and cognizant that Lagos will overtake Cairo to become Africa 's biggest city in 2013 . Also , that 2013 will be the first year since 1987 that will have all digits different from one another . And it could be a really big year for neutrinos .
Reading The Economist also makes you feel smart . Recall the Simpsons episode when Homer is handed a copy of the magazine on an airplane . “ Look at me , I 'm reading The Economist , ” he boasts to Marge . “ Did you know that Indonesia at is a crossroads ? ”
I especially love The Economist at this time of year . Holiday parties abound , which creates a constant need for the kind of fancy-pants knowledge the journal confers . I love the wry , punchy leads and the adorable British spellings ( “ globalisation ” ) and the concern the magazine engenders in me over whether the president of Colombia can regain his momentum ( that would be Juan Manuel Santos , obviously ) ; or whether we will learn of sufficient progress in the development of a “ virtual liver ” at much-awaited conferences next year in Luxembourg , Denmark and the Netherlands . Damn , got ta book those plane tickets .
December also marks the arrival of The Economist 's annual look-ahead issue : a confident and sophisticated accumulation of factoids and predictions for 2013 that can make you seem not only smart but also visionary . I make a point of reading The Economist 's “ The World in ____ ” issue every year ( well , not really ) . Cover to cover . And not because the boss is making me read every word of the “ The World in 2013 ” edition , which came out last week , and which I devoured like a big plate of Swiss chard . Or , better yet , like quinoa , because the U.N. says 2013 will be “ the International Year of Quinoa , ” as I now know .
Here are 17 things I learned .
1 . Next year could be ugly . “ From a showdown with Iran over its nuclear plans to a catastrophic breakup of the euro zone , it is not hard to think of disasters that could strike the world in 2013. ” That is how Daniel Franklin begins his “ from the editor ” note . Ouch . “ With luck , such dangers will turn out to be like the Olympic-pool-size asteroid that will hurtle close to Earth on February 15 , 2013 : near misses , which might help to concentrate minds. ” Speaking for myself , I am now fully concentrating .
2 . “ Obesity sucks. ” The urbane publication declares thus on Page 32 , atop a soda-can graphic showing how much fatter the world is becoming . That is one of the great whimsical touches you find in The Economist : a discussion of a spreading global health epidemic summed up so neatly , if crassly . The article itself is svelte , but rich in factoid nutrients :
a ) In 2011 the average Mexican guzzled 728 8-oz . servings of Coca-Cola , a higher rate than in any other country .
b ) Two-thirds of Americans are overweight or obese .
c ) “ Japan has set a specific limit to citizens ' waistlines . If workers do not slim down , their employers face fines. ” The Economist calls this “ overreach , ” and who is going to argue with them ? The Economist also says governments should consider “ a hefty fine on soda , ” because “ the syrupy stuff is a main driver of obesity. ” The syrupy stuff ! Tastes like a pander to Michael Bloomberg , in hopes that he might buy the magazine , as has been speculated .
3 . Big year coming up for superstitious types . Or , in The Economist-like way they put it : “ Beware the globalisation of superstition. ” ( Why must they terrorise us like that ? ) There are apparently many people who think about numbers . Not mathematicians per se , or Nate Silver , but numerologists , which the magazine defines as “ crackpots who assign mystical significance to certain numbers. ” Said crackpots , for instance , would know that 20 and 13 add up to 33 , which they “ consider a ‘ highly charged master number , ' full of meaning . ”
4 . No doubt , the number 2013 is full of meaning . This largely stems from the “ 13 ” in 2013 , which is unsettling to people who fear that number , known as “ triskaidekaphobiacs. ” The Romans and Vikings used to freak out over 13 's . Theories span the map on the origins of triskaidekaphobia . “ It was Judas , the betrayer of Jesus , who brought the numbers up to 13 at the Last Supper. ” ( But , as the magazine points out , could n't the same be said of the other diners ? ) Something else to ponder about 13 : “ It was the women 's 13 menstrual cycles a year that gave the number a bad name when the solar calendar came to displace the 13-cycle lunar calendar . Or so it is said by credulous expositors. ” Next time my editor asks how I know something , I will credit my newest source , “ credulous expositors . ”
5 . The issue includes on Page 36 a nifty calendar of events for 2013 , or ( come February ) the Chinese year of the snake , “ associated with grace , intelligence and material gain. ” I have marked my calendar with the following :
a ) March 20th has been designated by the U.N. as International Happiness Day .
b ) The iTunes store turns 10 in April , and everyone should celebrate by downloading “ Happy Birthday to You , ” the magazine suggests . Cute !
c ) World U.F.O . day is in July .
d ) Naypyidaw , Myanmar 's new capital , will be home to the 27th Southeast Asian Games – the first time in 44 years that Myanmar has been host . Has it really been 44 years already ?
6 . “ Barack Obama 's first inauguration was festooned with hope and change . His second , alas , will be freighted with inertia and foreboding. ” That is one concise , packed and authoritative lead . As one who has spent hours puzzling over how to start stories , I am a sucker for excellent leads . The Economist is a hothouse of them . I wish I had written , for instance , this : “ Peering into the crystal ball at Italy 's future in 2013 , what you see is a single stark fact wrapped in mists as thick and shifting as those of the Venetian lagoon. ” Overdone ? Perhaps , but I appreciate the effort , especially compared to so many standard news leads which , as The Economist says about the coming upheaval in Japan , “ is likely to be as enticing as last week 's sushi . ”
7 . Dept . of “ Oh , Yeah , I Guess It Is. ” This will be a big year in America for momentous anniversaries : the 50th for both Martin Luther King 's “ I Have a Dream ” speech and John F. Kennedy 's assassination .
8 . Breaking : Fidel Castro will die in 2013 . Only God knows this for sure . And the Economist . That 's how smart they are .
9 . What would a proper reading of The Economist be without at least one exploration of Canada 's improved trade relations with China ? And what better way to tell that story than with , what else , pandas ? Turn to Page 56 : a story headlined “ Pandering to China ? , ” which portrays our endangered friends as a kind of ursine Rorschach test . “ When you look at the face of a giant panda bear , what do you see ? Zoo visitors , who line up in their millions for the 300 pandas in captivity worldwide , see a cute and cuddly animal . Environmentalists see a clownlike face as a potent symbol in the fight to preserve endangered species . Chinese officials , who have traded on the panda 's cuteness and rarity for centuries , see a useful diplomatic tool . And Stephen Harper , the Canadian prime minister who engineered a 10-year loan of a pair , starting in 2013 , sees confirmation that his government 's China policy is at last showing positive results. ” This otherwise sweet story includes this one note of poison . China might not be all that into Canada after all — panda love notwithstanding . “ Canadians ' sense of their importance contrasts sharply with one recent assessment by a Canadian Sinologist in Beijing that ‘ Canada is a distant speckle in the Chinese consciousness . ' ” Now that is one harsh Canadian Sinologist .
10 . The capital of Mongolia is ? Ulaanbaatar . Thank you very much .
11 . Attention Homer : Indonesia is no longer at a crossroads . On the contrary , The Economist says the emerging behemoth “ has a chance to shine ” in 2013 . It has “ almost certainly grown faster than India in 2012 for the first time since the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s . And it could well repeat that trick in 2013 ( when its population will rise above 250m ) . ”
12 . One person who is at a crossroads is Hung Huang , “ a publisher of a fashion magazine in Beijing , ” and “ one of the most popular microbloggers in China. ” In brief , Hung can be a bit subversive and undiplomatic in her posts , and she struggles with how far to push . “ She has become fearful . . . of the microblog 's power to create a sort of mob justice. ” This is all interesting , but – being shallow – I really like the headline : “ Hung Verdict . ”
13 . Australia is doing quite well these days , at least when viewed from afar ( and how else to view Australia ? ) . Prime Minister Julia Gillard enjoys a budget surplus of $ 1.9 billion , and “ the government has also promised big spending on insurance for disabled people and on free dental treatment. ” It goes without saying that this story is accompanied by photo of a kangaroo .
14 . A private company in Hunan , China , says that it will finish construction of the world 's tallest building , known as Sky City , in the provincial capital , Changsha . Parenthetically , the writer notes that “ given that work on this was not even due to begin until November 2012 , some skepticism is in order . ”
15 . “ Israel will not strike Iran in 2013. ” O.K. , everyone chill .
16 . On Page 91 , The Economist publishes its annual “ where-to-be-born index , ” which purports to rank “ which country will provide the best opportunities for a healthy , safe and prosperous life in the years ahead. ” The winner : Switzerland , beating out Australia at No . 2 and Norway at No . 3 . The U.S. ties with Germany at No . 16 , just behind Belgium .
17 . Cities will become “ smarter ” in 2013 following a sluggish period . “ One of the more useful concepts in any effort to understand the evolution of technology markets is the ‘ hype cycle . ' ” In the first phase , a new idea brings outsize expectations . A “ trough of disillusionment ” follows , and then , finally , a “ slope of enlightenment , ” meaning that the technology finally catches up to its initial hype . “ And so it goes with ‘ smart cities , ' the idea that information technology and digital data will make cities far more efficient . After much hype in 2010 and growing disappointment in the following two years , 2013 will be the year in which it becomes apparent that cities can indeed become smarter — albeit in different ways than some visionaries imagined. ” Just imagine how smart cities could be if they read The Economist .
DALLAS ( CBSDFW.COM ) – As brief power outages rolled across the state on Wednesday , certain places were intended to be exempt from a temporary loss of electricity . That included hospitals , nursing homes , fire stations , police stations , other emergency response facilities… and Cowboys Stadium ?
When officials with Oncor said that the Arlington site of Sunday 's Super Bowl XLV would not be a part of the rolling outages , many residents became furious . But this was not entirely a choice made by the local utility company .
With thousands of reporters huddled in North Texas hotels and thousands of rabid football fans attending the NFL Experience at the Dallas Convention Center , and two football teams preparing to do battle on the field of Cowboys Stadium this Sunday , the North Texas Super Bowl XLV Host Committee had a big request to make . “ It is vitally important we do n't have blackouts , ” said committee vice president Tony Fay .
Fay asked the City of Dallas , the City of Fort Worth and the City of Arlington to ensure that rolling blackouts did not prevent planned events from happening at Super Bowl venues . That news really steamed up some homeowners who were left without power for hours . “ We 're not prioritizing , ” said frustrated Plano resident Allen Hooser . “ Hospitals and the grocery store , which is out . But for a PR stunt , where you can go throw a football , you have power and heat . ”
“ Not because of any preferential treatment . Not because we 're trying to protect VIPs or celebrities , ” Fay explained . “ It is a public safety issue. ” According to Fay , if there was to be a blackout at an NFL venue , then there would be no way to screen for security .
Oncor is among the utility companies which are implementing rolling blackouts . Company spokeswoman Megan Wright said that public safety is crucial . “ The Central Business District in Dallas has multiple high rises where there could be lots of people , ” Wright explained . “ If they lose power , it could be a bad safety situation . ”
But there is another , unavoidable reason that Cowboys Stadium will not experience a blackout . That venue sits on multiple power grids . If one goes out , another flips on seamlessly , without any interruption to power . So , although one grid might see a blackout , the rolling outage process ensures that the stadium is always receiving power from another grid .
Downtown Dallas and Fort Worth are also on multiple , redundant power grids .
According to Oncor , businesses and residents can pay extra money to be on multiple power grids , but it could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars for the infrastructure to be set up . And even then , technically , rolling blackouts could still be possible to those people .
Sarah Palin : That Alaska has a very narrow maritime border between a foreign country , Russia , and , on our other side , the land-boundry that we have with Canada . It 's funny that a comment like that was kinda made to … I do n't know , you know … reporters .
Couric : Mocked ?
Palin : Yeah , mocked , I guess that 's the word , yeah .
Couric : Well , explain to me why that enhances your foreign-policy credentials .
Palin : Well , it certainly does , because our , our next-door neighbors are foreign countries , there in the state that I am the executive of . And there…
Couric : Have you ever been involved in any negotiations , for example , with the Russians ?
Palin : We have trade missions back and forth , we do . It 's very important when you consider even national-security issues with Russia . As Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America , where do they go ? It 's Alaska . It 's just right over the border . It is from Alaska that we send those out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this very powerful nation , Russia , because they are right next to , they are right next to our state .
But Wajid is gay and if the people around him knew , it would be impossible for him to move around with such ease .
Walking briskly through the Sadar market in downtown Karachi , 46 year-old Wajid Ali looks no different to any other man in the market .
There are some places where he can hang out with like-minded people . Jahangir Park , just a mile away from the market , is one of them .
It is a place where gay men from Karachi 's relatively poor local neighbourhood meet secretly in the evenings .
“ Our behaviour and lifestyle makes us different to the majority of the population , so we continue to be physically and psychologically tortured . Honestly , there is no safe space for us to speak out about our lives , ” a gay man at Jahangir Park who wished to remain anonymous told Equal Times .
When asked what would happen if people knew he was gay he replied that he would be physically attacked and beaten . “ People would see it as their moral and legal duty to do that . ”
Things are a bit different for Karachi 's more affluent lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex ( LGBTI ) population , who meet at the frequent parties and gatherings in the city 's well-organised , secret underground scene . They do n't have to worry about meeting up in parks ; they communicate online .
There are more than a dozen of dedicated groups for LGBTI Pakistanis on Facebook alone .
But for the rest , keeping one 's identity secret – or adopting a new one – is the only option .
Homosexuality is considered a taboo in conservative Pakistani society and there are laws which , although rarely enforced , render homosexual acts illegal .
That did n't stop Pakistan from being named the world leader for Google searches of the term “ shemale sex ” , second for searches of “ man fucking man ” , and third for “ gay sex pics ” last year .
Wajid , who is a LGBTI rights activist , told Equal Times that there is a burgeoning network of activists in almost every city in Pakistan .
While there are no official statistics about Pakistan 's LGBTI population , Wajid predicts that in Karachi alone – a city of nearly 20 million people – the number is over 50,000 .
“ We sit together , talk on the phone and communicate regularly to share our experiences , ” he said .
“ But we have not yet decided to launch a public movement for our rights since it poses a deadly threat to us . ”
Being transgender : more acceptable than being gay
Stating the case of a gay couple caught by police , Wajid tells Equal Times that the only way to avoid serious danger is for homosexuals in Pakistan to pretend to be transgender , as this is more socially accepted .
Pakistan 's transgender population – known as khwaja seras , transgender courtesans , or less politely as hijras , a catch-all term for hermaphrodites , transsexuals , eunuchs , and transvestites – proudly narrate a history of being distinguished servants to the royal families of Muslim emperors in the 18th and 19th century .
Legend has it that they were given this position since the emperors were sure that transgender women would not make advances on their queens and princesses .
With the passage of time however , their role evolved into ‘ party makers ' on the occasion of births and weddings in lower-middle class Muslim families in Pakistan , India and Bangladesh .
Even today , it is not uncommon for a group of transgender women to enter a house where a boy has recently been born – uninvited – and proceed to dance and sing for the family for a small fee .
But as a transgender community leader Bindya Rana explains , this tradition is vanishing fast , and transgender people also have to deal with discrimination and social exclusion .
“ We have never been given our due share in decent jobs despite the proven fact that transgenders can do all the tough jobs any man can do , ” Rana told Equal Times in Karachi .
Nowadays , the sex trade , dancing and begging are some of the few avenues left for the 50,000-150,000-strong transgender population in Pakistan .
In 2012 , the Pakistani Supreme Court allowed for a “ third gender ” category to be added to national identity cards , bolstering their legal rights .
But legislation does n't always translate to everyday life .
A few months ago , a private TV crew conducted a night-time raid of the house of a transgender woman and broadcast it live on a TV crime show .
According to Rana , this humiliating episode reflectes an underlying attitude of disrespect and a lack of acceptance towards transgender people , despite the laws . “ This marginalised community was picked on for the sake of higher ratings , ” says Rana .
Women who love women
In the male dominated Pakistani society , being a lesbian is perhaps the most challenging sexual orientation because the space for women 's freedom is already limited – never mind for women who love other women .
According to Rana Asif , of the Gender Interactive Alliance ( GIA ) , while there is no legal basis for the discrimination of the LGBTI , religion tends to muddy that water . “ The Pakistani constitution does not curb the rights of gays or lesbians directly but the core idea of the constitution , which states that there should be no law against the basic principle of Islam , denies gays and lesbians the right of identity , the right to marry and other rights that homosexuals enjoy in some other countries of the world . ”
A top female fashion model told Equal Times , on the condition of anonymity , that while there is a bit more freedom in the creative industries , gay women in particular , still avoid making their sexual preference public .
“ Some girls , especially the younger ones , boldly claim the fact that they are interested in other girls , but you still wo n't find anyone admitting to being in a serious relationship or wanting to get married because they know this is not possible in Pakistan , ” she said .
Wajid believes that a day will come when people in Pakistan will accept the LGBTI community but until then , he will continue to stay in the closet .
“ Gay rights are basic human rights ; it is not something out of this world . ”
PHILADELPHIA — If you want something done in this town — something like , say , landing a national political convention — you ask Bob Brady .
That 's the word among union workers , ward leaders and Democratic Party power brokers who regard Brady — a low-profile , rank-and-file congressman in the minority in Washington — as a kingmaker back home , one of the last of the big-city bosses .
Story Continued Below
Brady , the chairman of Philadelphia 's Democratic Party since 1986 , played an instrumental — if less nationally prominent — role in Philadelphia 's winning campaign to host the 2016 Democratic convention . He would n't be the one you 'd see on cable TV talking up the city . But the people who really know how Philadelphia beat out Brooklyn and Columbus know it would n't have happened without Brady 's behind-the-scenes legwork , a quiet orchestration of meetings and phone calls and getting influentials on board .
“ I 'm a workhorse ; some people are show horses , ” he said in an interview in the city 's Democratic office building , which bears his name . Tall and heavyset with thick white hair , he rocked back and forth in an armchair and munched on a cookie , speaking in simple , declarative sentences about his years of work to help secure the convention .
“ I have relationships because I 've been here so long , ” Brady said . “ You know , I get people together , tell them we 're trying to get this thing done . ”
Brady has been “ the single most influential Democrat ” in the area over the past two decades , said former Pennsylvania governor and Philadelphia Mayor Ed Rendell , strong words from someone who has n't exactly been a diminutive figure in Philly politics himself . Rendell also played a starring role in securing the convention — after Brady asked him to serve as the lead host .
“ Governors come and go , mayors come and go , but he 's the party chair , ” Rendell said .
Brady , 69 , is a carpenter by training who grew up in west Philadelphia , located in the 1st District that he is now representing for a 10th term . He did n't go to college ( though he now teaches graduate students at the University of Pennsylvania ) , instead rising through the ranks of union halls and party committee politics . He 's a big believer in the importance of personal relationships and is far more likely to tout knowing a local party official for three decades — something he does constantly — than he is to mention sponsoring a piece of legislation .
Some Democrats here credit his ability to mobilize a vast business and local party network with setting the 2016 bid into motion .
Brady , who lives just a few blocks away from his childhood home , has been agitating for his city to host the convention since 2010 . At the time , the mayor , Michael Nutter , felt that the city was n't financially prepared to host in 2012 . Brady , who lost a mayoral bid against Nutter in 2007 and has clashed with him on several occasions since , backed off .
But by 2013 , he was pushing again . He and his consultant , Ken Smukler , reached out to the team at the firm New Partners , which consulted for Charlotte , North Carolina 's hosting of the 2012 convention . They were eager to have a credible group on board as the process got underway . By August of that year , they had assembled a group of about 25 civic leaders to gauge interest . By last winter , the number grew to roughly 75 .
Brady said he called each of the leaders personally .
“ Did Bob Brady raise a lot of money ? No , I raised the most money , ” Rendell said . “ Did he do any work to put the bid together ? No . But without Bob Brady bringing us all together and saying , ‘ Come on guys , let 's roll , ' we never would have been here . ”
Brady 's MO in Philadelphia also includes an old-school belief in the utility of favors , which some might call patronage , a throwback to the days when big party machines were common in cities such as Chicago and New York . He speaks freely about expecting that those he 's helped will help the party . A politician whom Brady helped elect , for example , is expected to look at a résumé sent over by the party — or risk getting an earful from the congressman . Brady admits he does n't hesitate to remind officials “ where they came from ” — and that place often involved some previous beneficial interaction with him .
“ I do what has to get done behind the scenes , ” Brady said , stressing that he has never believed in “ arm-twisting. ” He sat for an interview with POLITICO before and after offering an endorsement for a state Supreme Court candidate who is “ putting some of our people to work , ” he told a gathering of local Democratic ward leaders over lunch at the building .
Brady , a ward leader himself , can be a tough talker as he details various things that “ piss me off , ” though he 's just as likely to give hugs and enthusiastic greetings ( “ Hey hon ! How ya doin ' ? ” for instance ) . He also has a penchant for crude jokes . “ My wife used to go to bed with his brother , ” he said by way of introducing one union friend , before clarifying that meant only that his wife wore the brother 's campaign T-shirt as pajamas .
And like a character straight from Central Casting , the half-Irish , half-Italian Brady made a reference to a “ Godfather ” movie during the afternoon a reporter spent with him this week . The son of a cop , Brady grew up in a home that considered the Democratic Party to be the working people 's party . He seemed surprised when asked how he became a Democrat , as if any other option was unthinkable .
His early foray into politics included a job working for the city council president , a gig that entailed a lot of driving the principal around , and a stint as deputy mayor of labor . He ca n't stand the stagnation in D.C. , but he enjoys delivering for the district .
Bob Brady
Age : 69
Position : Democratic congressman from Philadelphia , serving his tenth term
Education : St. Thomas More High School
Career : Carpenter ; carpenters ' union ; sergeant-at-arms , Philadelphia City Council ; deputy mayor for labor ; chairman of the Philadelphia Democratic Party , 1986-present ; Pennsylvania Turnpike Commissioner ; member of Congress
Family : Wife , Debra ; two children ; three grandchildren ; one great-granddaughter
Cheesesteak order : “ Wit wiz ” ( as in “ with Cheese Whiz ” ) and a cherry soda . Brady believes it must be eaten while standing up and leaning toward the sandwich . He gave this advice to former President Bill Clinton in 1996 .
“ Listen , he 's the boss , ” said ward leader Shawn Dillon , who has known Brady 40 years . He added , “ If you want to get elected in the city of Philadelphia , you need to go through Congressman Brady . You need to get anything done , you go through Congressman Brady . ”
Not everyone is so impressed .
“ Congressman Brady should really get the credit for initiating this conversation , for doing it , no question , ” former Rep. Allyson Schwartz said of his role in the convention drive . Brady asked Schwartz to join the host committee . But noting all of her own conversations with Democratic National Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz , she added , “ There are a good many people who have come together and worked very hard to make it happen . The team on the ground , Ed Rendell , Mayor Michael Nutter , myself , we all did our part . ”
A national Democrat familiar with the convention proceedings agreed that Brady was not the central player at the national level , calling the congressman “ a booster for the bid. ” A Nutter spokeswoman noted that the mayor was the first to receive a call from the Democratic National Committee with the news that Philadelphia had prevailed .
That Brady has n't received as much national attention as his Democratic colleagues seems to be a sore spot for his devotees : At least one person at the party event grumbled to him about Rendell and Nutter taking all the credit ( though Rendell made a point to praise Brady early on ) .
And a state senator thanked Brady for , in her estimation , almost singlehandedly bringing the event to Philadelphia . Brady , who had only positive words for Rendell and Wasserman Schultz , appeared more miffed at the mayor 's office for appearing in the spotlight so much last week , when he feels that the mayor needed convincing to get on board . Other people familiar with the process say that while Nutter was slower to sign off on pursuing a bid , given all the considerations a mayor has to weigh , once he did , his presence was vital .
“ We have n't [ tried ] to ‘ take credit ' — we hosted every possible person at the press announcement , I give regular ‘ credit ' to everyone including Brady , but this is not a high school project where everyone gets a ‘ blue ribbon , ' this is adult work and we all have roles to play , ” Nutter said in a statement . “ And when the City does well , that 's good for all of us , and so everyone should just be happy ! ”
When asked about the issue of credit for landing the event , Brady responded , “ Eh , whatever. ” But his anger flared at other times , such as in recalling a dispute over a casino Brady wanted in his district that was initially nixed by Nutter .
Tension with the mayor aside , Brady is enjoying his city 's triumph and the recognition from his peers that 's come with it . He believes accessibility has been the key to instilling the loyalty he engenders .
Brady peppers his conversations with promises of , “ whatever you need me to do , I 'll do it. ” In his parlance , allies are “ my guys. ” And he is constantly on his Samsung Galaxy smartphone , sharing his personal cell number freely , including with a reporter . ( “ I 'm not scared of you , ” he says . )
“ I return all their calls , ” he said of pols and constituents , during an afternoon drive through the district that included a stop for cheesesteaks at Pat 's , where he and Rendell once accompanied former President Bill Clinton . “ … Sons ' weddings , daughters ' weddings , [ I go ] . I like people . Especially people who vote for me . ”
One of the world 's leading manufacturers of networking equipment is taking steps to prevent the National Security Agency ( NSA ) from tampering with its devices .
Cisco has shipped equipment to addresses that are not related to its customers in order to prevent intercepts by the agency , the company 's chief security and trust officer John Stewart told a conference in Melbourne this week .
ADVERTISEMENT
The practice underscores companies ' fears that the NSA will manipulate their products to enable surveillance.Former agency contractor Edward Snowden revealed the NSA has at times intercepted technological devices en route to customers and installed backdoor surveillance tools.Still , though most customers do n't need to worry about being targeted , some of the risk is out of Cisco 's hands , Stewart suggested . `` If a truly dedicated team is coming after you , and they 're coming after you for a very long period of time , then the probability of them succeeding at least once does go up , '' he said , according to IDG News Service . `` And It 's because they 've got patience , they 've got capacity and more often than not , they 've got capability . ''
The NSA 's Tailored Access Operations group runs the device-interception program , the documents leaked by Snowden indicate .
Following in San Francisco 's footsteps , Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf announced on Tuesday that the city wo n't spend its public dollars for business travel to Indiana in protest of the state 's controversial `` religious freedom '' law that many construe as anti-gay .
Schaaf 's action , reported by the East Bay Express , comes as cities and companies across the country have announced formal boycotts and protests of Indiana in response to the state 's recently enacted `` Religious Freedom Restoration Act , '' which says the state can not `` substantially burden a person 's exercise of religion . ''
Oakland joins San Francisco , Denver , Seattle , Washington D.C. , and Portland , Oregon , in announcing travel bans after Indiana Gov . Mike Pence signed the bill on Thursday , Huffington Post noted . Connecticut , Washington state and New York also have banned publicly funded travel by government workers to Indiana . Individuals are protesting , too . USC athletic director Pat Haden said he wo n't head to Indianapolis this week for the College Football Playoff selection committee meeting , saying he is the `` proud father of a gay son . ''
San Francisco-based Salesforce canceled the companies ' events in the state .
Salesforce Takes Stand Against Indiana Religious Objections Bill
A bill that would allow businesses to discriminate against same-sex couples is stirring up anger in the tech community . Scott Budman reports . ( Published Thursday , March 26 , 2015 )
Meanwhile , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush all have voiced some support of the law .
Opponents say this measure would clearly make it easier for businesses to discriminate against LGBT people — though Pence , in the wake of national backlash , has pushed for a new law clarifying that the law does not permit discrimination .
( San Diego , CA ) – Green Flash Brewing is continuing to tweak their branding as they rapidly expand production . Recently , a draft label of Silva Stout popped up online mentioning Green Flash 's new small batch barrel program , branded as Cellar 3 . What caught our eye was the label referred to the upcoming batch of Silva Stout as ‘ Batch 01 . ' Anyone who has followed along knows that there have been two previous bottled batches of this awesome barrel aged stout . We reached out to Green Flash to get clarification .
Cellar 3 is a new packaging facility and tasting room for ( primarily ) barrel-aged beer in cork-finish bottles . It will be located in Poway , about 20 minutes from our main facility and it will open in the Spring . The label you see is for the first release of Cellar 3 which will be Silva Stout . All of the specific data on the bottle ( dates , gallons , etc… ) are merely placeholders and will be accurate on the actual bottles as they are produced .
It is impossible to know the details of each batch until they are actually produced . Chuck Silva ( Brewmaster ) and Pat Korn ( Barrelmaster ) will taste and smell every barrel and select the barrels to be used . Then they will slowly add fresh beer back until the exact desired taste is achieved .
We age the beer a very long time in the barrel , usually 18 months or more , to achieve a very distinct flavor that is intense enough to carry through the blending of fresh beer . Fresh beer is added to give the beer brightness and freshness that is lost in the barrel aging process . It takes much longer to make the beer this way , because it has to be aged much longer . We think the complexity and contrasting of the flavors is the key to Silva Stout .
Mike Hinkley
Founder
Green Flash
The most surprising thing that could 've possibly happened on National Signing Day would 've probably been Florida State 's Mario Edwards declaring he thought he was going to get to play for a Bowden at Tallahassee , then following Terry Bowden to Akron . Either that or a hearty `` ROLL TIDE ! '' coming from Landon Collins ' mother . In lieu of either of those happening , here 's a list of the 10 biggest surprises from Wednesday .
First , let 's talk about the biggest non-surprise . Honors there would have to go to Decatur , GA three-star receiver Keithon Redding . I 'm still having a hard time figuring out which school he signed with :
via Reddit/r/cfb
10 . Jordan Payton Eventually Lights Somewhere
A four-star receiver flips to a conference foe on Signing Day ? Surprising ! He does it for the fourth time ? Not surprising .
9 . USC Fights On
Yes , USC should always recruit well , and the coming end of probation should 've boosted Lane Kiffin 's class anyway . But the Trojans nearly pulled off a top-10 class despite bringing in only 15 players , adding Nelson Agholor , Leonard Williams and Devian Shelton on Signing Day , plus keeping Darreus Rogers from Arizona State .
8 . Dante Fowler Switches Sides
Just your standard five-star turning to a state rival at the last minute . No big deal .
7 . Torshiro Davis Has More Fun At Texas
That a four-star linebacker turned from a loaded defense to one that 's looking to replace a pair of starters at his position is n't all that shocking . But to do it due to bad morale at LSU ? Bad morale at Les Miles ' miracle magic fun town emporium ? Bad morale despite all the grass he could ever eat and Mardi Gras and a darn live tiger walking around all over the place ? Seems those rumors that bubbled up after the title game may have had something to them , perhaps ?
6 . Vanderbilt Refuses To Just Go Away
As our own Steven Godfrey and our SI.com bud Andy Staples chronicled in a pair of must-reads , Vandy has n't been Vandy for a while now . But it was still unsettling to look up and see the Dores only lose one of those summer commits , the ones we were all so sure would be flying out the door come winter . Vanderbilt 's class ranked No . 9 in Rivals ' 14-team SEC , beating Arkansas , a national title contender , and Missouri , which landed the nation 's No . 1 recruit , and finished within a Todd Grantham punch of topping pre-Josh Harvey-Clemons Georgia too .
5 . Deontay Greenberry Accepts Challenges
It was n't just that Greenberry , one of the nation 's top 10 receiver prospects , shunned Notre Dame for Houston . It was that he did it in 2012 . The Cougars are losing double extra senior quarterback Case Keenum and offensive mastermind Kevin Sumlin , while Notre Dame landed the country 's No . 1 pro-style quarterback recruit , Gunner Kiel , is looking to replace Michael Floyd , and did n't bring a lot otherwise at his position . What did you do that for , Mr. Greenberry ?
4 . Tracy Howard Stays Home
You do n't often find choice luxuries in a survival bunker . With NCAA winds swirling , Al Golden 's strategy for his 2012 recruiting class was to buy in bulk , since he wo n't be able to hand out very many scholarships in the future . While Howard Schnellenberger would expect nothing less than for every top Miami native to choose the Canes , especially ones who might start as freshmen , but the nation 's top cornerback was expected to go to one of the other major state schools instead . And Golden 's shopping cart , teetering at the top and wobbling under the weight of all this Army surplus , now includes a bona fide star on top .
3 . Josh Harvey-Clemons ' Signing Day Limbo
Perhaps not a surprise for locals , who 've long enjoyed the stories coming out of Valdosta about JHC 's family , but Harvey-Clemons looked close to becoming this year 's Cyrus Kouandjio , who turned to an archrival immediately after Signing Day in the name of family . His letter of intent did n't arrive until almost 24 hours after his commitment , but it was a surprising 24 hours , yes ? The five-star linebacker 's grandfather has long lobbied for immediate playing time , something Florida , and not the Dawgs , may have been offering .
Thus , the surprise was n't what happened , but what appeared to be happening at the time . Everything worked out in the end , but we still get to treasure memories of ESPN 's Dari Nowkhah quoting JHC 's quotation of Atlanta rapper Future .
2 . No Baby Animals
Nobody even tried to top Isaiah Crowell 's white bulldog puppy stunt . Brush up on Holly Anderson 's recommended Signing Day bits list for next year , and we 're going to keep doing this until we get it right .
1 . Stanford University , Football Recruiting Juggernaut
While Stanford has had a nice run during the Andrew Luck years , the Cardinal could put three non-seniors into the NFL Draft 's top 10 this year . That 's simply too much departing talent to recover from . David Shaw deserves credit for keeping the machine running once Jim Harbaugh left , and everyone 's terribly impressed , but now it 's time for Stanford to slink back to its computers and invent some expensive things . We 'll send over a helicopter when we need some band stunts , and ... wait , what 's that ?
@ AzizShittu Revenge Of The Nerds
Stanford landed three five-star offensive linemen ( including two on Signing Day ) , which might be the best recruiting job at that position in history , and earned an announcement from five-star defensive end Aziz Shittu for good measure . Composite rankings have them at No . 7 in the country , topping the Pac-12 and beating Oklahoma , Georgia , LSU and so on . Quarterback remains a question , but anybody who 'd decided to turn the Pac-12 over to USC and Oregon for the indefinite future may want to wait just a minute .
Looking for National Signing Day coverage of other teams or recruits ? Head to SB Nation College Football Recruiting . Also , check out more local coverage at our many fine college football blogs .
An e-mail from Newt Gingrich 360 , a grassroots website unaffiliated with the Gingrich campaign “ for Newt Gingrich Supporters and Volunteers , ” reveals a push for Gingrich supporters in Virginia to support Ron Paul in the state 's primary on March 6 .
Rick Santorum and Gingrich were unable to make it on the Virginia ballot in December . Because Virginia will be allocating its delegates proportionally , Gingrich supporters plan to give Congressman Paul as many votes as possible in order to stop Mitt Romney from running away with the 46 bound delegates .
Write-ins will not be allowed on the Virginia ballot .
Gingrich 's grassroots supporters seem to be taking a long view of the primary process . Gingrich has stated that he plans on going all the way to convention .
Virginia is a hybrid primary . Of the 46 delegates up for grabs , 33 are proportioned by the states 11 Congressional districts . Whoever wins each congressional district wins all three delegates from that district . Another 13 at-large delegates will be allocated proportionally based upon the statewide vote . Any candidate under 15 % of the vote will receive no delegates . The at -large delegates will be winner-take all if a candidate receives a majority ( 50.001 % ) of the state-wide vote . Only 3 of Virginia 's delegates are unbound and will not be allocated to any candidate .
The Gingrich campaign has not stated this as an official campaign strategy , nor has it responded to a request for comment .
Latest Videos
Israeli tour guides have filed a complaint with the Tourism and Public Security ministries , claiming that Jewish worshippers at David 's Tomb are disrupting their work by interfering in their visits to the Jerusalem site with foreign tourists .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The tour guides further claimed that the police were failing to handle the regular friction created at the site , which is considered holy by both Jews and Christians .
Previous Incident Jews try to block Christian rite at Jerusalem holy site Roi Yanovsky and AP Dozens of Jewish worshippers forcibly removed by police from David 's Tomb compound after trying to prevent priests from praying at the place , which is revered by Christians as site of Jesus ' Last Supper . Jews try to block Christian rite at Jerusalem holy site
David 's Tomb . Tour guides have had enough ( Photo : Kobi Har Zvi , Behadrei Haredim )
Recently , the tour guides became involved in the conflict . The Israel Tour Guide Association ( ITGA ) , which represents about 2,500 guides , have sent a letter to the tourism and public security ministers , asking them to intervene in the situation at the gravesite , which they said was `` controlled by a radical haredi group that is doing as it pleases there . ''
They also claimed there was no regular policy security at the entrance to the compound and that groups of worshippers were disrupting the tours by making noise and interfering with the information provided to the tourists . Sometimes , they said , the worshippers try to prevent the tourists from entering the site .
`` We have learned from complaints of tour guides received by the association that groups of worshippers have a habit of holding noisy mass gatherings near the tomb and in the adjacent rooms , '' the letter said . `` During these gatherings , some of those present speak out loudly , push and shove , and sometimes even prevent visitors from entering . ''
The letter , signed by ITGA Chairman Benny Kfir , further stated that the Jewish activists had begun bringing large groups of people to the compound in order to make it difficult for tourists to visit the place .
`` They are even preventing access to the gravesite , '' he added . `` This causes great discomfort , affects the tourists ' experience and harms Israel 's reputation as a tourism country in general , and Jerusalem 's reputation in particular . ''
According to reports received by the association , in one incident a guide escorting a couple of tourists was shoved by a worshipper using a wooden stand . The man also blocked the entrance to the prayer room and shouted at the tourists , protesting their visit to the holy site . According to the tour guide , the terrified visitors immediately fled the place .
The association also complained that the compound has been turned into a sort of yeshiva , which holds noisy Torah lessons . `` Many worshippers arrive at the site and has become very crowded , causing discomfort among the tourists . Many of them have complained about it , '' one of the tour guides said .
The ITGA chairman says he has yet to receive `` a serious response '' from the government ministries .
The Tourism Ministry offered the following comment : `` The David 's Tomb compound is under the responsibility of the Department of Holy Sites ( at the Ministry of Religious Services ) , and the Tour Guide Association 's appeal has been handed over to the department by the Tourism Ministry . The Tourism Ministry ascribes a great amount of importance to the issue of granting access to the holy sites to tourists of all religions , and will discuss the issue with the relevant elements . ''
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Syria 's air force carried out air strikes on Sunday on Douma city , an insurgent stronghold northeast of Damascus , with 18 people killed and at least 100 wounded including children and other civilians , the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said .
Smoke rises after what activists said was an airstrike on Atimah , Idlib province , March 8 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Overnight , Syria 's military killed dozens of combatants in southern Syria linked to al Qaeda 's Nusra Front including three senior members , state media reported .
Four years into the conflict , the military has concentrated its forces in the south , the capital Damascus and areas along the country 's western coast .
Eastern areas are dominated by the ultra-radical Islamic State group which is also fighting Kurdish forces in the north .
The Observatory said more than 215,000 people have been killed since the start of the crisis in March 2011 , around half of them civilians .
Syria 's army and allied combatants from Lebanon 's Hezbollah last month launched a large-scale offensive against insurgent groups , including Nusra Front and non-jihadist rebels .
“ The army ... targeted a gathering of terrorists from a group affiliated with Nusra Front in al-Sweiseh in the Quneitra countryside , killing dozens of terrorists including three of their leaders , ” state news agency SANA said regarding the overnight clash .
A statement from the army made reference to operations in Quneitra without providing specifics regarding casualties .
The Observatory said Syrian military helicopters had dropped barrel bombs in central Quneitra . They targeted an area where insurgent Islamic brigades and Nusra Front had been battling Hezbollah and Syrian militias for several weeks , it said .
Before the southern offensive , Syrian troops had lost control of large areas of countryside near Jordan as well as parts along the frontier with Israel near the Golan Heights , according to regional military analysts and diplomats .
Southern Syria is one of the last areas where mainstream rebels opposing President Bashar al-Assad have a foothold . They have lost ground to hardline Islamist militants in the war .
The Syrian government describes all insurgents in the civil war as hardline enemies of the state funded by foreign countries .
That 's probably Nakoula Basseley Nakoula to the right , the man who says he served as `` logistics manager '' behind The Innocence of Muslims , the short trailer/movie/whatever that some folks still believe is the reason that various American citizens , soliders , diplomats , embassies , and consulates have been attacked throughout the Middle East over the past week .
[ Go here to watch the 13 minute video , which most recently served up an anti-Mitt Romney ad for me before running ! ]
He 's being helped into a car by Los Angeles Country sheriffs . This is from early Saturday morning when , as the Los Angeles Times writes , he was `` taken in for a voluntary interview with probation officials and has not been arrested or detained . '' And there 's this :
On Friday , U.S. courts spokeswoman Karen Redmond said the Office of Probation in the Central District of California was reviewing whether Nakoula [ a.k.a . Sam Bacile ] , who has been convicted on bank fraud charges , violated terms of his probation in relation to the video and its uploading onto the Internet . He had been ordered not to own or use devices with access to the Internet without approval from his probation officer -– and any approved computers were to be used for work only . `` Defendant shall not access a computer for any other purpose , '' the terms read .
Glenn Reynolds at Instapundit writes that this arrest is
WHY BARACK OBAMA SHOULD RESIGN . Just for the record , this is what it looked like for a man who made a film that made the Obama Administration uncomfortable . When taking office , the President does not swear to create jobs . He does not swear to “ grow the economy. ” He does not swear to institute “ fairness. ” The only oath the President takes is this one :
I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
By sending — literally — brownshirted enforcers to engage in — literally — a midnight knock at the door of a man for the non-crime of embarrassing the President of the United States and his administration , President Obama violated that oath . You can try to pretty this up ( It 's just about possible probation violations ! Sure . ) , or make excuses or draw distinctions , but that 's what 's happened . It is a betrayal of his duties as President , and a disgrace .
Reynolds does n't seriously think Obama will resign , of course , but he argues that `` Obama 's behavior — and that of his enablers in the press — has laid down a marker for those who are paying attention . '' Which is to say , the focus on the film and the larger notion of free expression as the real problem is pretty goddman godawful .
Recall , for instance , Obama 's spokesman Jay Carney 's assertion that the recent deadly attacks on American people and property throughout the Muslim world are a
response not to United States policy , not to , obviously , the Administration , not the to the American people . It is in response to a video , a film , that we have judged to be reprehensible and disgusting .
And the administration also leaned on Google , owner of YouTube , to pull the video ( Google has thankfully and rightly declined to do so , although it has reportedly blocked it in Egypt and other countries ) . Mitt Romney , whose fumbled response to the attacks in Egypt and Libya last week bizarrely became a bigger story than the attacks themselves , has also castigated the film .
As Matt Welch has noted , it should n't be difficult for the president of the United States - and the press more generally - to conjure up a specifically American response to situations like this : `` In the United States , we are not in the business of approving these messages . ''
As important - maybe more important , really - there is dwindling reason to think that The Innocence of Muslims movie or trailer or whatever it is should be accorded any major role in the recent attacks . As Kevin Drum of Mother Jones summarizes things , extremist Arabs and Muslims can always conjure up a pretext for whatever they want to do and there are strong indications that the attacks in Egypt and Libya were planned long before this film ever drifted into view .
My colleague Tim Cavanaugh is right , I think , when he focuses not on the putative cause of actions , but their essential function : `` The purpose of the attacks in Egypt and Libya was for the Sunni leadership to show it can unleash mob attacks against American diplomatic assets . ( There may be some historical exceptions , but it 's more or less axiomatic than mob attacks can not happen without government approval . ) That point has been received by everybody except U.S. State Department employees . ''
There are really two large points in all of this which should be kept front and center .
First is the one related to free expression . As I suggested during the Mohammed cartoon controversy - another outrage that was completely ginned up by religious fanatics who counterfeited drawings and toured the Muslim world stoking outrage that simply did not exist - `` No one should be beaten or killed or imprisoned simply for speaking their mind or praying to one god as opposed to the other or none at all or getting on with the small business of living their life in peaceful fashion . If we can not or does not defend that principle with a full throat , then we deserve to choke on whatever jihadists of all stripes can force down our throats . ''
Second : U.S. foreign policy is part of our problem with the wider world . It 's not the whole problem and it does n't sanction anything done by al Qaeda or the PLO or Iran or the despotic Syrian government or anything else ( even as it might help explain and predict where , why , and how those actions take place ) . But when idiots like Jay Carney and large chunks of Congress and the president and his main rival for office and so many others continue to insist that the way the U.S. has acted over the past five , 10 , and 50 years has no bearing on foreign attitudes toward America , its people , and its interests , you 've just got to wonder how these people tie their shoes in the morning . Are they really that stupid or are they just totally convincing as actors ?
At least since the end of the Cold War , the United States has drifted along without anything resembling a coherent or sustained conversation about foreign policy , much less working to hash out a consensus position that reflects our body politic . In the 1990s , we witnessed Bill Clinton lurching from action to action . He ordered 25 major troop deployments over eight years , twice as many as Ronald Reagan . George W. Bush entered office promising a `` humble '' foreign policy that repudiated `` nation building '' and then embraced a disastrous `` region building '' approach from which we have yet to extricate ourselves . Barack Obama tripled troops in Afghanistan without bothering to clarify our mission there and unilaterally decided to drop bombs in Libya . Congress has acted the role of helpless bystander in foreign policy for going on the last 20 years at least ( for god 's sake , far more members supported the second invasion of Iraq than the first ! ) .
The predictable result is a foreign policy that is completely unpredictable and unprincipled . There are simply no clear rules governing when and how America will act militarily , what we stand for , and what we stand against . Or , as Obama 's bizarre phrasing of our relationship with non-enemy Egypt ( which receives billions of dollars in aid from us ) , even who are allies are .
And we wonder why things are n't going our way around the world ?
A version of Google 's Nexus 7 tablet with 32GB of storage could launch as early as this week in the UK , according to reports . UK tech site ITProPortal says it 's heard via retail sources that the 32GB Nexus 7 will appear in a Christmas gift guide for catalog chain Argos , priced at £199.99 . The site reports that the 32GB version will replace the 16GB model at this price point , and that the 8GB model will continue to be sold at its current £159 price .
A 32GB Nexus 7 has been rumored for the past several weeks , and in one case it seems 32GB model was even shipped to one Japanese buyer in place of a 16GB unit . If the rumors are accurate , the additional storage would address one major complaint leveled against the ASUS-made Nexus tablet -- on the 8GB model , just under 6GB is actually available for use .
It 's entirely possible that Argos could be jumping the gun with a 32GB Nexus 7 in its upcoming catalog . But with more Nexus announcements likely to be made later this month , we would n't be surprised to see an upgraded Nexus 7 sooner rather than later .
Source : ITProPortal
When investing becomes gambling , bad endings follow . The next credit crunch could make 2008-09 look mild by comparison . Bank of International Settlements ( BIS ) data show around $ 700 trillion in global derivatives .
Along with credit default swaps and other exotic instruments , the total notional derivatives value is about $ 1.5 quadrillion – about 20 % more than in 2008 , beyond what anyone can conceive , let alone control if unexpected turmoil strikes .
The late Bob Chapman predicted it . So does Paul Craig Roberts . It could “ destroy Western civilization , ” he believes . Financial deregulation turned Wall Street into a casino with no rules except unrestrained making money . Catastrophic failure awaits . It 's just a matter of time .
Ellen Brown calls the “ derivatives casino…a last-ditch attempt to prop up a private pyramid scheme ” – slowly crumbling under its own weight .
For years , Warren Buffett called derivatives “ financial time bombs ” – for economies and ordinary people .
Unless collateralized or guaranteed , their worth depends on the creditworthiness of counter-parties . Earnings on derivatives are “ wildly overstated , ” Buffett explains – because they 're “ based on estimates whose inaccuracy may not be exposed for many years . ”
When corporate bosses ask financial executives how profits look in any quarter , they , in turn , ask how much do you want , then manipulate things to oblige when told .
Since 2008 , too-big-to-fail banks consolidated to much greater size than ever . They 're financial and political powerhouses controlling world economies to their own advantage .
Civilization 's only hope is smashing them – dismantling them into small , impotent pieces , or ideally putting money back in public hands where it belongs .
It 's too important to be privately controlled . Financial predators entrap small/weak nations into unrepayable debt peonage like Greece , bleed them dry , and thirdworldize developed ones into dystopian backwaters – while they grow richer and more powerful than ever ahead of the whole corrupt system going bust , decimating billions worldwide in greater human misery than already .
Washington Post editors support what demands condemnation . Do n't worry , be happy , they say . On July 23 , they headlined “ The Fed 's stance on banks and capital makes good sense . ”
Half-intelligent economics students know better . The Wall Street owned , controlled and operated Fed is the problem , not the solution . Monied interests buy politicians like toothpaste . They write business friendly legislation , getting Congress to pass it in return for generous campaign contributions and other special favors .
America 's economy and financial system are house-of-cards disasters waiting to happen . Not according to WaPo editors .
“ ( T ) he US financial system has made significant progress toward being less bailout-prone since ” the dust settled on the 2008-09 crisis , they said .
“ ( B ) ig banks are considerably better capitalized than ” half a decade earlier – enough to “ withstand ( another ) ‘ Great Recession . ”
The source : The Wall Street controlled Fed 's last ‘ stress test ' assessment made public in March – ignoring the monstrous derivatives ticking time bomb weighing them all down along with the entire financial system .
WaPo editors endorse too-big-to-fail banks . They tout so-called “ economies of scale and greater ‘ soft power ' for US foreign policy .
Near the end of his tenure , Bill Clinton signed legislation repealing Glass-Steagall ( the 1999 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act – letting insurance , investment and commercial banking merge ) and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act ( permitting unregulated commodity and derivatives trading ) .
A casino culture of anything goes persists . When counter-parties do n't have funds to pay on demand , bubbles begin deflating . It 's just a matter of time before current market mania ends .
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago . He can be reached at [ email protected ]
His new book as editor and contributor is titled “ Flashpoint in Ukraine : US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III . ”
http : //www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html
Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com .
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network .
It airs three times weekly : live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs .
6.2-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia coast : US Geological Survey
Updated
A 6.2-magnitude earthquake has struck off the Indonesian island of Sumatra , with no immediate tsunami warning issued .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) said the quake hit at a depth of nine kilometres , just over 300 kilometres west of the coastal city Banda Aceh .
The earthquake occurred about 7:00am ( local time ) , USGS said .
`` The quake was felt strongly for a few seconds by residents on the west coast , '' said national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho .
`` Some people ran out of their homes . ''
But he added there had been no reports of damage .
Mochammad Riyadi , from the Indonesian meteorology , climatology and geophysics agency , also said there were no reports of casualties or damages .
`` The magnitude may be big but the epicentre is at sea and relatively far away from the nearest city , Banda Aceh , '' he told AFP .
Banda Aceh was devastated by a huge tsunami in 2004 , which killed some 170,000 people in the surrounding region , as well as tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean .
Indonesia sits on the Pacific `` Ring of Fire '' where continental plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity
AFP
Topics : earthquake , disasters-and-accidents , indonesia , asia
First posted
A former US Senate candidate says Saudi Arabia played a supporting role in the September 11 attacks , in which Israel had a key part .
“ When we get to 9/11 , there are series of clues and series of explanations that have been provided for us ; they really get in the bottom of the fact that it was Israel that was the chief player in calling up 9/11 , ” said Mark Dankof , who is also a broadcaster and pastor in San Antonio , Texas .
He made the remarks in a phone interview with Press TV on Saturday , commenting on a report about the Saudi 's reported role in the attacks .
A New York Times report on Friday , citing US officials and congressional aides , said the US administration has intently been lobbying the Congress to block the passage of legislation that would allow American courts to hold Saudi authorities responsible for any role in the attacks , which killed almost 3,000 people and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .
According to the report , US courts would be allowed to freeze assets held by the Saudis , if the legislation passes .
The Times wrote that the families of victims accuse the current administration and the former one of George W. Bush of covering up the Persian Gulf kingdom 's involvement in the attacks in order to “ protect US-Saudi relations . ”
Dankof , however , said , “ When you look at this entire situation , the United States government is interested in trying out the 9/11 event in terms of propaganda purposes . ”
He argued that Washington is “ more than happy to allow these families to appear official events that might support the government propaganda line of who and what was behind 9/11 . ''
“ The American people will continue to have a complete misunderstanding of whom the real enemies are or why we are likely to be in a war after the American 2016 elections , ” he concluded .
Corsair Vengeance DDR4 32GB ( 4x8GB ) 3200MHz Memory ( White )
CORSAIR DDR4 VENGEANCE LPX RAM
This high-end Corsair Vengeance memory comes in a pack of 4 modules . Each one of the four modules carries 8GB of memory , adding up to a grand total of 32GB . This is a very comfortable amount of RAM allowing the average PC user to store their media , games and data , with plenty spare room to ensure smooth memory performance . With a frequency such as the Vengeance LPX 3200MHz your gaming FPS and other similar media should n't have any problems operating . A higher frequency will allow for a higher bit count to be transferred per second , ensuring faster data reading times from your PC .
Available in : BLACK DDR4 Vengeance LPX memory
2666MHz
Speed 16-18-18-36
CAS Latency 1.35V
Voltage 16GB ( 2x8GB )
Capacity
MEMORY PERFORMANCE ADVANCEMENTS
Voltage
( Lower is better ) Density
( Higher is better ) Speed
( Higher is better )
DDR DDR2 DDR3 DDR4
Experience the True Power of DDR4 RAM
It was 2007 that the DDR3 standard was announced and in the years since then technology has only been pushed further . Eventually the memory standard was pushed to the edge of DDR3 limits , until DDR4 smashed through those limits ! Corsair DDR4 doubled the bandwidth and dramatically increase clock speeds , whilst consuming less power than ever before .
INSTALLING DDR4 MEMORY
Motherboard Socket DDR4 Optimization
Pin Out : 288
Vengeance LPX DDR4 form factor is optimized and compatibility-tested for the latest X99 and Intel 100 series motherboards , forging reliably fast performance . With any standard DDR4 DIMM memory socketed motherboard you should n't have any trouble installing the powerful Vengeance LPX RAM and getting that DDR4 performance into your system .
LOW PROFILE MEMORY DESIGN
Corsair DDR4 Memory Size
The clever and stylish , low-profile design of DDR4 LPX memory means it can fit comfortably into much smaller spaces . The LPX series of Vengeance DRAM was prepared for when the first of the Micro ATX and Mini-ITX motherboards for DDR4 memory released . In any system that has minimal internal space the small form factor of the LPX DDR4 RAM from Corsair is ideal .
OVERCLOCKING DDR4 RAM
Unlock the Potential within DDR4
Corsair 's Vengeance LPX DDR4 has been built around high-performance overclocking . Each module from the LPX series utilizes highly-screened memory ICs and an eight-layer PCB , with further overclocking improvments through the efficient heat spreader that provides effective cooling . The eight-layer PCB system on these DDR4 memory sticks helps if your computer is trying to squeeze too much information into one layer , causing a significant rise in temperature which can create a multitude of issues .
VENGEANCE LPX HEAT SPREADER
Cooler Memory for Better Performance
The heat spreader on Corsair LPX DDR4 memory is made of pure aluminum , creating a faster heat dissipation and a cooler operation . Usually the overclocking overhead is limited by the operating temperature , but not for the Vengeance LPX . Due to the unique design of the heat spreader , the temperature is constantly lowered as heat is pulled away from the ICs and into your system 's cooling path . Not only does the heat spreader allow Vengeance LPX to perform better , but the aggressive yet refined form factor looks great in any system .
EASY XMP RAM OVERCLOCKING
A small town about 120 miles east of Des Moines now has one of the biggest solar farms in the state .
The panels capture energy from the sun , and that energy is converted to usable energy for homes and businesses ( KCCI ) .
A 9-acre solar farm in Kalona will generate enough energy to power some 200 homes in the town , which is also a major provider of eggs in nearby grocery stores .
Just over 1 million eggs are processed every day at Farmers Hen House in Kalona , then shipped to grocery stores across Iowa .
`` All of our electricity that we 're using for our coolers , for our machines ( and ) all the electricity we use in the building comes off the solar farm , ” Farmers Hen House co-owner Ryan Miller said .
Farmers Hen House is part of the Farmers Electric Cooperative , which uses energy from the solar farm located about 200 feet from its front door .
It consists of 40 rows of solar panels capable of storing energy on sunny and cloudy days .
The panels capture energy from the sun , and that energy is converted to usable energy for homes and businesses .
It will likely take years before anyone sees a drop in their energy bill , but the co-op 's general manager Warren McKenna said lower bills are not really the point .
`` We 'll produce our power here locally , ” McKenna said . “ The money stays here and gets injected back into the community . ''
The first 4.5 acres of the solar farm were built two years ago .
The co-op is now investing $ 1.2 million in having Iowa Wind and Solar double the number of solar panels . Together , it will produce about 2 megawatts of power .
`` It 's a combination of the federal and state credits that have come up and ( with ) the falling price of the solar modules , it 's just become a wise choice , ” McKenna said .
Construction is expected to wrap up in about two weeks .
Iowa Wind and Solar said Iowans using solar energy save a total of around $ 300,000 to $ 400,000 every year .
The University of Texas Men 's Golf team defeated Alabama 3-2 today to take the 2012 NCAA Championship at Riviera Country Club in Los Angeles . Senior Dylan Frittelli was one of two Longhorns who lost their match against Oregon on Saturday watching his playing partner sink an eagle putt on 17 and a birdie putt on 18 to lose 2 down .
But what a difference a day makes . The Longhorns and Alabama were two all in the best of five match play format when , needing a 2-putt effort on 18 to secure victory , Dylan sunk a 30-foot putt for birdie to win his match 2 up and put the Horns over the top .
Jordan Spieth bested his counterpart , freshman All-American Justin Thomas , 3-and-2 .
Kevin Robbins of the AAS was on hand to report the action and spoke to coach John Fields . `` I knew it was going to come down to Dylan '' Fields said . `` He 's going to take that with him for the rest of his life . ''
The victory marks the first national championship for Men 's Golf in 40 years . Pop a top and salute the Longhorn Champions .
Great recap highlight package here .
Oh , yeah ....
LIGHT THAT TOWER !
Congratulations to the team .
Hook 'em !
An autistic student , previously expelled from his college for mistakenly hugging a stranger , has been reinstated .
Brian Ferguson , a 20-year-old with autism attending special-needs classes at Navarro College in Texas , had been expelled for sexual assault . But what he did that constitutes sexual assault will leave you scratching your head .
Ferguson is 6 ' 5 ” and gives hugs to his friends with a kiss on the top of their head since he towers over them . A week ago , that got him expelled . The problem arose when Ferguson thought he saw a woman he recognized and gave her one of his trademark greetings — except that the woman was a stranger .
`` And then [ the school ] labeled it 'sexual assault ' because of the kissing , ” Ferguson 's mother , Staci Martin , told NBC . “ They said a kiss is considered an assault . ''
I 've previously warned that absurdly vague definitions of consent causing young men to rethink even kissing a woman for fear of being accused of sexual assault , and Ferguson 's story illustrates that the fear is not unfounded .
After the story gained national attention , Navarro College administrators agreed to allow Ferguson back into school .
The woman who received Ferguson 's hug , Taylor Bruton , said she thought the punishment was too severe . `` I did n't want him to get in trouble , special needs or not , ” said Taylor Bruton . “ I did n't want anyone to get in trouble , not over a hug . ”
She said the kiss was nothing more than a `` peck '' and that she tried to tell school administrators , who saw the hug , that it was n't a big deal . `` They asked me about the incident , ” Bruton told a Texas NBC affiliate . `` I explained what happened and I told them , 'It 's not a big deal . I do n't want anyone to get in trouble and I do n't feel the need to report this . ' And they asked me for a written statement , just in case . ''
When she found out that Ferguson had been expelled over the incident , she thought it was `` ridiculous . ''
Bruton and Ferguson met this week and exchanged gifts . They even hugged .
`` You can give me a hug , ” Bruton told Ferguson . “ It 's OK . ”
Colleges have not only been ineffective in adjudicating sexual assault , but they seem to be uniquely lacking in common sense when the issue arises , as Ferguson 's story illustrates . Luckily , sanity prevailed in his case . It does n't always , though .
We 're all supposed to believe that President Trump , as a candidate , colluded with the Russian government to “ steal ” the 2016 election . There 's no serious evidence to that effect , despite a massive FBI investigation , a Congressional investigation , and a special counsel investigation initiated by the Department of Justice .
But there is clear evidence that the Obama administration colluded with the Russian government to free an Islamic terrorist responsible for the deaths of Americans — all in order to appease Iran to pave the way for the Obama administration 's surrender to the burgeoning Iranian nuclear program and Iran 's escalating regional ambitions .
A little-noticed bombshell report from Josh Meyer of Politico reports that Ali Fayad , a Lebanese arms dealer and “ suspected top Hezbollah operative whom agents believed reported to Russian President Vladimir Putin , ” was captured by the Czechs in 2014 . Fayad had been indicted in the United States already for “ planning the murders of US government employees. ” But the Obama administration did nothing to push for extradition . Instead , Fayad ended up in Lebanon , where he 's back at his terrorist work ; he 's particularly active in supply weapons to the barbarous Syrian regime .
According to Politico , “ administration officials also blocked or undermined their efforts to go after other top Hezbollah operatives … And when Project Cassandra agents and other investigators sought repeatedly to investigate and prosecute Abdallah Safieddine , Hezbollah 's longtime envoy to Iran , whom they considered the linchpin of Hezbollah 's criminal network , the Justice Department refused . ”
In other words , working with Russia in order to swing the Iran deal trumped the prosecution of people responsible for continuing murder , including murder of Americans .
This is n't the only evidence of Obama collusion with Russia , of course . In 2012 , Obama was infamously caught on tape stating that he wanted Vladimir Putin to grant him some breathing room on missile defense , pledging “ more flexibility ” after his election .
So we know that Obama was willing to collude with Russia on foreign policy to effect both his re-election effort and to implement his Iranian deal . But we 're supposed to be worried that the Mueller investigation is focusing on the Trump transition team after the 2016 election ?
Southern Tasmania looks skywards for world record stargazing attempt
Updated
Southern Tasmanian residents will take part in a stargazing world record attempt this Friday night , with just a few thousand people needed to meet the milestone .
The attempt , to be hosted by Huonville Primary School , will be the southernmost of 40 registered attempts across Australia to break the record : `` Most People Stargazing across Multiple Sites in a Country ( Australia ) '' .
To break the current record , 3,008 individuals are needed , all of them looking towards the moon and stars , as part of National Science Week .
You ca n't use a telephone though , so you have to be looking through a binocular or telescope — looking at the moon all at the one time across the nation . Organiser , Susie Haley
Susie Haley , engagement officer at the Faculty of Science , Engineering and Technology at the University of Tasmania said she was confident the record would be broken .
`` At the moment we 've got 15,000 people registered so I think we 'll break it , '' Ms Haley told Helen Shield on 936 ABC Hobart .
The group will look towards a waxing crescent moon which will be 37 percent full .
`` We 'll be looking at the moon ; that is the target that we 're all expected to look at for the evening so we 're very , very hopeful for clear skies , '' Ms Haley said .
The southern Tasmanian event will take place at the same time as another record attempt led by the Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra .
In addition , Mount Stromlo will attempt to break another record — the most people stargazing from one single site .
Ms Haley said there were strict protocols for the two events with regard to viewing devices used and the number of people who could claim to be a part of it .
`` You have to be at a registered event . You ca n't just do it on your own and say ' I did it ' , '' Ms Haley said .
Science brings communities together
Ms Haley had been organising the Huon Valley Science Expo when she realised the astronomical record-breaking attempt was being hosted by the Australian National University on the same night .
The two events have decided to combine their efforts .
`` There 's lots of preparation involved for this ... little did we know it was going to be bigger than Ben Hur , '' Ms Haley said .
`` It 's getting larger and larger and [ we ] thought , maybe a hundred telescopes [ would be sufficient ] . ''
Participants have been encouraged to bring their own telescopes and binoculars but an extra 500 telescopes had been ordered for registrants to buy on the evening , Ms Haley said .
`` You ca n't use a telephone though , so you have to be looking through a binocular or telescope — looking at the moon all at the one time across the nation . ''
Stargazers can attend from 6pm when guest speaker Dr Andrew Cole , who is a part of setting up the telescope at the Bisdee Tier Optical Astronomy Observatory in the Tasmanian midlands , will speak .
A 700-millimetre telescope will also be a prize give away on the night .
Registered participants will start assembling on Friday 21 August at 8pm at the Huonville Primary School , with the moon and star viewing at 8.30pm nationwide .
Topics : community-and-society , primary-schools , event , astronomy-space , education , science-and-technology , huonville-7109 , canberra-2600
First posted
After years of dithering , manipulative scheming from mega telcos , bad proposals begetting bad proposals , months of F-bombs and death threats , and partisan warfare in Congress , it appears this will be the week we 've all been waiting for : the week we find out exactly how the FCC will propose to regulate the internet like a utility .
The New York Times says utility-style regulation is `` widely expected , '' and that the proposal will leak sometime this week . ( We agree . ) The Wall Street Journal 's sources say it 's happening . CNBC says it 's happening . Expect a few more outlets to squeeze their sources to corroborate the rumor as we wait for the proposal to reach sunlight , hopefully around Thursday when it circulates to FCC commissioners and someone `` accidentally '' leaves a copy near a reporter at a bar on K Street .
Here 's what you need to know . The FCC is expected to support critical protections that will , for the most part , preserve the status quo the internet has enjoyed forever . In short , that means :
ISPs wo n't be able to throttle your speeds ,
they wo n't be able to block websites you want to visit ,
and they wo n't be able to create `` fast lanes '' to websites or services that pay them off .
Perhaps the most important part , and one we 're still waiting to see more detail about , is that the FCC is expected to dump wireless into the same bucket as wired broadband . It 's a move that 's sure to make companies like Verizon and AT & T foam at the mouth while they shove truckloads of money at lawyers and receptive lawmakers in Congress who either historically have hated the FCC or have simply found a novel way to compare something to Obamacare . Wireless services have long considered themselves special flowers and paid good money to be exempt from the kind of rules that protect the internet you get from your home ISP , which is why they 've been allowed to do crazy stuff like block FaceTime and Google Hangouts for arbitrary reasons .
Wireless companies are no longer going to be special flowers that can screw you over whenever they want
This week expect to see more details about how ISPs would be reclassified and regulated under `` Title II '' of the Telecommunications Act : the law that net neutrality advocates say should have been used in the first place to govern internet companies , instead of classifying them as `` information services , '' which was a fool 's errand for the FCC . Critics ( mostly the telecommunications giants and their allies ) say that Title II regulation represents a burdensome , heavy-handed government imposition that will chill investment in America 's internet . Of course , Verizon was happy to use the Title II classification when it actually saved it money in building out broadband , and Google recently told The Washington Post that it wo n't hurt rollout of Google Fiber .
As soon as the proposal leaks , you 're going to hear lots of noise on both sides of the debate leading up to the FCC 's vote on February 26th . As lawmakers weigh whether or not to step in and help the FCC or gut its authority , it 's definitely going to be a big issue in Congress — possibly even the upcoming presidential election . Buckle up .
On the cusp of receiving a coveted new licence to grow medical marijuana , Dan LaFlamme went looking for a bank to represent his family-owned business and encountered the kind of rejection those in the burgeoning industry have gotten used to .
Two of them turned Canna Farms away before a third finally agreed . It was early 2014 and the company , based in Hope , B.C. , had secured the fifth licence from Health Canada to produce medical cannabis for its new commercial mail-order system .
`` I think it was just so new , [ the banks ] did n't know [ it was legal ] , '' Mr. LaFlamme said .
Story continues below advertisement
For those seeking lawful ways to profit from marijuana , it only takes one uncomfortable bank employee to quash access to the financial tools essential to running a successful business , such as a chequing account for payroll and e-transfers for online ordering , according to James Poelzer , chief operating officer of aspiring licensee Agrima Botanicals .
`` Legalization is on the horizon and the ultimate goal of that is to dry up the black market , '' Mr. Poelzer said . `` And the only way we 're going to be able to do that is by having these infrastructures in place that other businesses are allowed to use . ''
Canadian pot entrepreneurs got a boost last month with the election of Justin Trudeau . The Liberals promise to legalize marijuana , and one analyst expects that momentum behind the policy will take some of the starch out of the big banks ' conservative approach to such businesses .
Predictions are difficult because so much of the current cannabis trade is underground , but Simon Fraser University economics professor Stephen Easton has estimated legalization could bring in $ 3-billion a year in tax revenue alone . In contrast , alcohol sales generated about $ 7.7-billion in total for both provincial and federal governments in 2004 , according to a University of Victoria study . A 2013 study by Physicians for a Smoke-Free Canada estimated that annual tobacco sales bring about $ 7-billion into provincial and federal coffers .
When the Conservative federal government launched the current medical system last year , it projected annual sales of $ 1.3-billion to 450,000 patients within a decade . This past August , Health Canada recorded fewer than 18,000 patients buying 600 kilograms of medical marijuana . At the average price of $ 7.95 per gram , only $ 4.8-million worth of pot was sold legally in Canada during that month .
None of Canada 's largest banks would tell The Globe and Mail whether they serve the two dozen commercial pot growers licensed under the federal medical marijuana regulations or the hundreds of aspiring growers , such as Agrima , awaiting final security clearances and site inspections from Health Canada .
The Globe has confirmed through talking to various licensed growers that at least three of the big five banks do business with the new industry , which was created when the Tories outlawed home growing in favour of industrial-scale producers that are strictly regulated .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Khurram Malik , an analyst with Toronto-based Jacob Securities , an investment bank that services the sector , says bankers still view cannabis with caution . But that will change as legislation appears and the challenges facing their resource-industry clients continue to nudge the banks toward accepting new business , Mr. Malik said .
`` You would think with the oil and gas falling off the rails and mining falling off the rails , they would be looking at new places to go , '' Mr. Malik said . `` A lot of institutional investors will not touch it because it makes them nervous from an optics standpoint . ''
Still , in terms of financial services , these licensed growers are better off than their American counterparts operating in jurisdictions that have legalized all pot sales . Companies in places such as Colorado must handle millions of dollars in cash because , though legal in that state , federal drug laws prohibit them from using banks .
Canadian producers have received cease-and-desist letters from financial transaction processor PayPal , because it is U.S.-based and subject to those same laws . But they are allowed to process credit card transactions from patients using Moneris , which is a joint investment between BMO and RBC .
If the larger banks are reluctant to embrace the industry , many credit unions have stepped in to help finance and service the legal marijuana sector , as well as the scores of illegal dispensaries that bloomed first in B.C . and now dot the country . On the more permissive West Coast , at least two credit unions say they have served a handful of Vancouver 's more than 100 pot shops for a number of years and have received no flak from any government agency .
`` The game is an awkward one insofar as the province and some health authorities have intervened and said 'this is a health-related issue , ' '' said Ross Gentleman , general manager of Vancouver 's single-branch CCEC Credit Union . `` It seems that , inevitably , be it bankers ; or medicinal resource suppliers ; or landlords ; or any number of other players who are involved are going to be called upon to step and say 'yes , we do business in this context . ' ``
Story continues below advertisement
CCEC serves half a dozen dispensaries that are run by `` people that are of good character '' who were turned away from larger banks , Mr . Gentleman said . He added `` there have been no issues '' and said every transaction is reported to Canada 's financial intelligence agency , as required under federal banking rules . Vancity , Canada 's biggest credit union , confirmed that it has accounts with three dispensaries , noting there is `` considerable public support '' for stores that offer a `` safe healing environment for those in need . ''
The Conservative federal government vehemently opposed the medical and recreational use of pot . But the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions , the independent agency that regulates Canada 's banks , said before the October federal election that it had not issued any directives or guidance related to marijuana dispensaries .
Christine Duhaime , a lawyer and anti-money-laundering expert , said Canadian financial institutions are well within their right to `` debank '' any client they deem too risky , as repeated court cases have affirmed .
`` In some way it 's proceeds of crime , '' she said of financial institutions serving the dispensaries , which are violating federal drug laws by both illegally procuring cannabis products and then selling them to consumers . `` The bank , if they accept the money , is going to be viewed as having participated in laundering it . ''
Ms. Duhaime said it was hypocritical for banks to accept bags of cash from clients such as strip clubs and escort agencies , which are continually linked to prostitution by law enforcement .
Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly said the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions regulates credit unions . This has been corrected .
Cambridge , United Kingdom and Bejing , China – October 20 , 2016 – Collabora Productivity , the driving force behind putting LibreOffice in the Cloud , and Seafile , a leading open source file sharing vendor , announce the availability of Collabora Online in the newly released Seafile pro edition 6.0 .
Collabora Online inclusion is one of the major improvement in the latest professional edition of Seafile , providing enterprises with the much requested seamlessly integrated Open Source cloud document suite that supports all major document , spreadsheet and presentation file formats , increasing productivity while staying in full control of all sensitive corporate data . Collabora Online in Seafile pro edition 6.0 works directly from the browser , without the need to download any add-on or plugin .
“ We are excited about the release of Collabora Online in Seafile ” said Michael Meeks , General Manager at Collabora Productivity . “ This release confirms Seafile 's commitment to address modern market requirements , emphasizing secure storage and collaboration , while putting the customer 's file and document experience first . ”
“ Having Collabora Online integrated in Seafile is something we 've been looking forward to ” said Daniel Pan , CEO at Seafile Ltd. “ Collabora Online will now be one of the most important features in Seafile , since it allows our customers to have their own secure online office suite . ”
For more information about this release , please contact sales @ seafile.com or sales @ collaboraoffice.com .
Try out Seafile with Collabora Online ! First name
Required Last name
Required Email
Required Position
Required
Company
Required Telephone
Required Country
– – – Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Ascension Island Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Ceuta & Melilla Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo – Brazzaville Congo – Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Diego Garcia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau SAR China Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar ( Burma ) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tristan da Cunha Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
Required Number of users Up to 50 Users 100 Users 500 Users 1000+ Users Required Get Access to the Free Online Demo !
About Collabora Productivity :
Collabora Productivity is the driving force behind putting LibreOffice in the Cloud , providing a range of products and consulting to enterprise and government . Powered by the largest team of certified LibreOffice engineers in the world , it is a leading contributor to the LibreOffice codebase and community . Collabora Office for Desktop and Collabora Online provide a business-hardened office suite with long-term , multi-platform support . Collabora Productivity is a division of Collabora , the global software consultancy dedicated to providing the benefits of Open Source to the commercial world , specialising in mobile , automotive and consumer electronics industries . For more information , visit www.collaboraoffice.com or follow @ CollaboraOffice on Twitter .
About Seafile :
Seafile is a cloud storage platform for enterprise environments with sharing and collaboration features and a focus on safety and reliability offering native client apps for most major operating systems like Windows , Mac OSX and Linux as well as iOS and Android . With a user base of more than 250 000 active users , Seafile counts industry clients like Kaspersky Labs and Ping An China to its Seafile Professional customers as well as European universities like HU Berlin and Université de Strasbourg .
Image caption The Eid al-Fitr prayer event is traditionally held in the city centre 's East Park
A Muslim celebration has been cancelled because it clashes with a planned rally by anti-immigration activists .
The British Bangladesh Cultural Academy ( BBCA ) said safety concerns had led it to cancel the Eid al-Fitr prayer event planned at a Southampton park .
The decision comes as the South Coast Resistance group announced plans to demonstrate in the city on Saturday .
Thousands had been expected at the annual Islamic event .
Shere Sattar , BBCA chairman said : `` We have decided it would be best if we cancel the huge gathering considering the political situation and unrest in the UK after leaving the EU and the rise of racist activity and comments around the other cities . ''
'Unrest in the UK '
The far-right group said it planned to hold a march through the city under the banner `` Refugees Not Welcome '' .
A counter-demonstration against the far-right march has also been announced by the Southampton Campaign Against Racism and Fascism .
The group said it would stand `` together with our diverse communities in solidarity and unity '' .
BBCA said it hoped to hold a celebration for Eid al-Adha , the three-day Islamic festival after the Hajj , known as the Feast of the Sacrifice , in the city centre as planned in September .
Hampshire Constabulary said it had planned policing arrangements for the demonstrations `` carefully '' .
Its aim , the force said in a statement , was to ensure people could `` exercise their right to demonstrate , without the need for police intervention to protect or in some cases , restrict those rights and also to make sure the event is peaceful '' .
Southampton City Council 's communities councillor Satvir Kaur said the authority had a `` zero tolerance policy towards racism '' and said it was `` regrettable '' that the committee decided not to host the event .
Keep your demon science away from my agency .
Scott Pruitt had already moved to replace much of the scientific review boards at the EPA with industry lobbyists .
The Environmental Protection Agency has dismissed at least five members of a major scientific review board , the latest signal of what critics call a campaign by the Trump administration to shrink the agency 's regulatory reach by reducing the role of academic research .
And with that minor test run over , Pruitt has moved on to a wholesale purge of scientists from his supposedly scientific agency .
The Environmental Protection Agency has given notice to dozens of scientists that they will not be renewed in their roles in advising the agency , continuing a scientific shake-up that has already triggered resignations and charges from some researchers that the administration is politicizing the agency .
With climate change data hidden or destroyed , Pruitt directly working to raise funds for Republicans , and actions that go beyond accepting climate change to denying basic science , it 's no doubt inconvenient to have people around who know what the hell they 're doing . So that is being remedied . Pronto . And just in case any of those scientists were thinking about saying something Pruitt would n't like , he made sure that would n't happen—at least not on EPA grounds .
Two men have been arrested on terror-related charges in California and Texas , according to authorities .
The arrests were made after the accused allegedly sought to aid terrorist organizations affiliated with Islamic State ( IS ) , say court documents . One of the two arrested is a refugee from Syria , raising fresh concerns over the US program to resettle refugees from Syria and other countries with territory controlled by terrorists .
`` This is precisely why I called for a halt to refugees entering the US from countries substantially controlled by terrorists , '' said Texas Gov . Greg Abbott . `` I once again urge the President to halt the resettlement of these refugees in the United States until there is an effective vetting process that will ensure refugees do not compromise the safety of Americans and Texans . ''
Concerns over the US refugee program arose following the November terrorist attacks in Paris . Initial reports suggested that one of the attackers may have been an asylum-seeking refugee from Syria , prompting governors from more than half of US states to publicly oppose having Syrian refugees settle in their states .
Refugee resettlement programs are under managed by the federal government , and the Obama administration has maintained that states and their governors do not have control over where refugees settle .
On Thursday , the state of Alabama sued the federal government over the resettlement program , saying that the government is not providing the state with sufficient information about the backgrounds of incoming refugees . Texas has also filed suit against the government over the resettlement of Syrian refugees .
The federal government and migration experts have said that lengthy process of applying for asylum as a refugee makes that avenue one of the least likely paths for terrorists to take into the United States . However , the apparent connection between one of the suspects arrested this week and the Islamic State suggests that it is in fact possible for militant fighters to gain access to the US through refugee programs .
In Houston , Omar Faraj Saeed al-Hardan , 24 , was indicted on charges of seeking to provide material support to terrorist organizations affiliated with Islamic State .
A second arrest took place in Sacramento , Calif. Criminal complaints that became public Thursday indicate Aws Mohammed Younis al-Jayab , 23 , traveled to Syria to fight in the civil war and lied to investigators .
Both ( accused ) is Palestinians who were born in Iraq .
Mr. Jayab , of Sacramento , had criticized Islamic State on social media and earlier said he would never join the group because of their killings of Muslims . His social media and other accounts suggested that upon his arrival to the United States , he had a desire to return in Syria to fight , according to authorities . Some of his posts say he wants to return to Syria to “ work , ” a term the FBI believes referenced “ assisting in and supporting violent jihad . ”
Jayab immigrated to the United States in 2012 , after having been involved in the fighting in Syria since he was 16 , information that was kept from citizenship officials . He left the Untied States in 2013 , but returned and settled in Sacramento in 2014 .
The affidavit details online conversations from 2013 during which Jayab described fighting in Syria , executing three Syrian government soldiers , and emptying seven clips from his assault rifle during a battle .
“ While he represented a potential safety threat , there is no indication that he planned any acts of terrorism in this country , '' US Attorney Benjamin Wagner said to Reuters .
How Jayab and Mr. Hardan are connected is still unknown . The affidavit for Jayab revealed communications with an unknown person in Texas , seeking to get training with various weapons in 2013 . It is unclear if Hardan was involved .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Jayab is scheduled to appear in federal court in Sacramento on Friday .
This report includes material from The Associated Press and Reuters .
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) on Saturday was quick to hit back at President Trump for tweeting that a rally of his voters would be bigger than any of the anti-Trump protests around the country .
`` Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally . It would be the biggest of them all ! ” Trump tweeted early Saturday .
`` They did . It was n't , '' Sanders tweeted alongside a photo of Trump 's inauguration last month , next to a photo of former President Obama 's 2009 inauguration , which drew a larger crowd .
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump criticized the media for covering the crowd size at his inauguration , insisting that his crowd was bigger than Obama 's 2009 crowd despite evidence to the contrary .
`` We had a massive field of people , you saw that . Packed , '' Trump said during remarks at CIA headquarters last month .
`` I get up this morning and I turn on one of the networks and they show an empty field . I said wait a minute , I made a speech , I looked out , the field was , it looked like a million , a million and a half people . They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there , '' he added .
The day after Trump 's inauguration , White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted his swearing-in was “ the largest audience to witness an inauguration , period . Both in person and around the globe. ” He claimed that the numerous photos showing Obama 's inauguration was larger were “ intentionally framed … to minimize the enormous support . ”
A Kentucky man who was denied a license to marry his male partner by county Clerk Kim Davis in 2015 has announced that he is challenging her for her seat next year .
David Ermold and his now-husband , David Moore , were among the same-sex couples denied a license by Davis in defiance of a Supreme Court decision . Davis , the chief clerk of Rowan County , cited “ God 's authority ” and said her stance was motivated by her beliefs as an Apostolic Christian .
On Wednesday , Ermold filed in Morehead , the county seat , to run for the position — to “ restore the confidence of the people ” in the office .
“ I think we need to deal with the circumstances and the consequences of what happened , ” Ermold 43 , an English professor at the University of Pikeville and the leader of the local gay rights organization Morehead Pride , told the Associated Press . “ I do n't think the other candidates are looking at a larger message . I have an obligation here , really , to do this and to set things right . ”
“ My commitment to Rowan County is to restore professional leadership , fairness and responsibility to the clerk 's office , ” Ermold said .
Davis was jailed briefly for defying a judge 's order to begin issuing licenses , drawing nationwide coverage and galvanizing a debate about religious freedom . Davis said she would refuse to allow any of her employees to issue the licenses , as well , though the standoff was eventually resolved when one of her deputies , Brian Mason , began to do so anyway .
Davis 's attorney , Mat Staver , attacked Ermold as a novice who would have “ no idea how to run a clerk 's office . ”
“ The clerk 's position is more than a single-issue position , and that 's all David has is one issue , ” Staver told the AP . “ Much of what the clerk does has nothing to do with wedding licenses . It 's a broad service to the public . ”
[ A politician cracked that women belong in the kitchen . A ‘ furious ' woman just took his job . ]
According to the Lexington Herald Leader , Ermold will join a crowded field . At least three other Democrats have lined up to challenge Davis , who changed her registration from Democrat to Republican after the uproar over her decision . Davis has said that she will run for reelection for the office she has held since 2014 , the newspaper reported .
Davis 's mother was the previous clerk , and Davis 's son works in the clerk 's office , as well . Ermold said he believes that , too , is a problem .
“ The county clerk 's office has been in the hands of the same family for almost 35 years , ” he told the newspaper . “ I think there 's the potential they want to keep it in the family . But everyone should have a fair shot ; it should not be something that 's handed down from mother to daughter and from daughter to son . ”
Ermold and Moore were married in October 2015 in the county . Rowan is a conservative county in a conservative state : About 58 percent of its residents voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election . Only two counties in Kentucky — those encompassing its two biggest cities , Louisville and Lexington — voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 . But local officials in Rowan County have typically been Democrats , the AP noted .
Davis , meanwhile , has become a hero for many on the religious right . Earlier this year , she reportedly traveled to Romania to lobby the country to outlaw same-sex marriage .
Surrounded by the media , David Moore and David Ermold attempt to apply for a marriage license at the Rowan County Courthouse on Sept. 1 , 2015 . ( Timothy D. Easley/AP file )
Read more :
A Florida mayor stole a dead woman 's identity to use a handicapped parking spot , police say
This giant snake is three times your size — and why you should just avoid the Everglades
‘ Armageddon ' : Apocalyptic images show the devastation caused by Southern California fires
On Wednesday , Mr Turnbull defended the Prime Minister during an interview on Fairfax Radio in Brisbane . When asked `` is Tony Abbott a liar ? '' the Communications Minister quickly replied : `` Absolutely not . He 's an absolute straight shooter '' . Malcolm Turnbull : Prime Minister Tony Abbott is an `` absolute straight shooter '' . Credit : Rob Homer When asked if Mr Abbott had ever lied to him , Mr Turnbull replied : `` Never lied to me , no '' . But Mr Turnbull stopped short of criticising Dr Stone for her comments , noting that `` in passionate times , people say passionate things . And sometimes they 're not as well considered as they should be '' . He also praised the member for Murray as a `` good friend and good colleague '' .
Independent MP Cathy McGowan also weighed into the SPC Ardmona saga on Wednesday , saying more MPs should follow the lead of Dr Stone and engage in fiery debate . Independent federal MP for Indi Cathy McGowan described Sharman Stone as a ‘ ‘ fantastic '' and ‘ ‘ tenacious '' local member . Credit : Penny Stephens In an address to the Rural Press Club in Melbourne , Ms McGowan applauded Dr Stone , who she described as a `` fantastic '' and `` tenacious '' local member for Shepparton . On Tuesday , Ms Stone hinted that she may not stay in the Liberal party for the `` long term '' after launching her extraordinary attack on Mr Abbott and Mr Hockey . '' It is exactly what politics should be about . I love that Sharman is a member of the Liberal party and she is able to get up there and have feisty debate with everybody else about what needs to happen , '' Ms McGowan said .
'' She was n't put down , she stood up , she 's carrying the flag for her people , she 's exactly what we want people to do . '' Ms McGowan , who unseated former Coalition frontbencher Sophie Mirabella in the rural seat of Indi at last year 's federal election , called for `` good public policy '' on manufacturing and food production in Australia . '' I think it 's such a bad thing to close down debate and what I saw happening was people blaming the workers , or putting blame on people where it did n't belong . That 's not the issue . The issue is the future of manufacturing and food production in Australia , '' she said . As the debate continues over the government 's decision not to grant SPC Ardmona $ 25 million in assistance , Dr Stone has written to Mr Abbott to urge him to reconsider his stance . Dr Stone said she emailed the Prime Minister on Tuesday .
'' I 've asked could he please reconsider the cabinet decision on the basis that at that press conference ... he said that if they sort of got their house in order that might be a different story , '' Dr Stone told Channel Nine . In her address to the Rural Press Melbourne , Ms McGowan also strongly advocated for electronic voting , and said she had spoken to fellow crossbencher Clive Palmer about this issue . '' I think we have moved past pencil and paper for voting . . . pencil and paper are last century . . . Let 's get it done quickly and move into the 21st Century . '' Loading She said agricultural production and manufacturing , the environment , telecommunications and public transport were high on her agenda for Indi .
Red Velvet has wrapped up filming a segment for an upcoming episode of “ Running Man ” !
On February 8 , a source from SBS confirmed that the group recently took part in the recording of “ Running Man ” as surprise guests .
It was previously reported by a news outlet that four members of Red Velvet ( minus Joy who was busy filming her upcoming drama ) , had taken part in filming “ Running Man ” on February 6 . SBS has clarified that they did take part in the shoot but added , “ They were not a part of the whole filming , but took part in one game . ”
The episode of “ Running Man ” that will include Red Velvet is scheduled to air on February 12 !
Watch the latest episode of the popular variety show below .
Link to video : www.viki.com/videos/1115586v-running-man-members-week-v-ha-has-choice-episode-337
Source ( 1 )
As the producer behind hits such as The Ring and Mulholland Drive , Neal Edelstein is now trying his hand at experimental new media , kicking off with Haunting Melissa .
Co-founded as a ‘ next generation production ' company by Edelstein , Hooked Digital Media premiered Haunting Melissa last week , and is striving to “ reinvent storytelling ” for the digital age . In a nutshell , the story centers around a teenage girl called – unsurprisingly – Melissa , who believes her deceased mother has returned to haunt her .
We 're starting to see a slew of content air exclusively online – take Netflix 's Hemlock Grove for starters – but Haunting Melissa goes that extra step by making it available exclusively in-app via your iOS device .
Haunting Melissa
Haunting Melissa follows in the footsteps of the Blair Witch Project and Paranormal Activity , in that it tries to adhere to a real-life feel as close as possible – we 're talking shaky cameras here .
You 'll note there are 11 chapters , though you ca n't skip ahead , not yet at least .
This is n't just another 90-minute movie repackaged for the mobile generation – Hooked Digital Media 's platform enables the delivery of content at unpredictable intervals .
Designed to bring more mystery into the media mix , as a viewer progresses , the app serves up fresh twists and reveals new narrative elements through push notifications . At the time of writing , only the first chapter is available , for free , and it offers the subsequent chapter for free too , but only if you help share news of Haunting Melissa on Facebook .
If you do n't , you 'll be invited to pay $ 1.99 per chapter , or $ 6.99/ $ 14.99 ( HD ) to buy a season pass which will give you all chapters when they 're made available .
Haunting Melissa was conceived , directed and produced by Edelstein , and it was written by author Andrew Klavan , the same man who wrote True Crime and Do n't Say A Word .
“ Haunting Melissa is a ghost story created to be consumed in a dark corner with headphones on and iPhone or iPad in hand , ” said Neal Edelstein . “ You never know when the next piece will come or how long that piece will be…it 's a complete surprise . ”
I guess a typical scenario could be this – you 're sitting at work , considering whether to go straight home or take a detour to the pub/shops . You then receive a notification that the next chapter is available to watch now and , well , that will influence what you do when you leave work . Alternatively , as this is mobile , you could sneak off to the stationery cupboard and watch it there .
Haunting Melissa is very much about ‘ social ' too . Users can sign in through Facebook , sharing theories with friends and so on , and there is YouTube , Tumblr , Twitter and Instagram communities too .
“ The amazing technology contained in the iPhone , iPad and iPod touch has allowed us to present stories in a dramatically different way , ” continues Edelstein . “ The technology supports story first and foremost . As viewers move further into Melissa 's world , they will understand why this new app technology will change distribution forever . ”
It 's certainly an interesting concept , one that positions content that would once have been reserved for cinemas or TV , alongside your emails and tweets . If that makes it sound mundane , it is n't supposed to – it 's just an interesting way of delivering content , one that could take movie and TV-content delivery in new directions – it 's delivered piece-by-piece , when you 're not expecting it .
That said , cinema has seen off a number of pretenders to its throne over the years , and there 's nothing to suggest here that this will change any time soon with app-only releases . But it certainly hints at where TV could be heading .
Haunting Melissa is available to download for free now , though subsequent chapters beyond the first one will cost you money ( or a Facebook share ) .
Meanwhile , you can watch an official trailer below .
➤ Haunting Melissa | iPad
Disclosure : This article contains an affiliate link . While we only ever write about products we think deserve to be on the pages of our site , The Next Web may earn a small commission if you click through and buy the product in question . For more information , please see our Terms of Service
Feature Image Credit – Thinkstock
Read next : Facebook debuts Share Dialog for iOS out of beta , lets developers add sharing to apps with one line of code
Yesterday , Verizon announced a new gigabit internet plan that the company said would cost just $ 70 a month , which would have been an aggressively low price for that kind of speed .
But , as it turns out , that $ 70 price tag is too good to be true . As Ars Technica reports , it turns out that the ultra-low price is only for new customers who do n't have Fios already . Existing customers who have tried to upgrade were reportedly met with confusion , with some customers facing upgrade costs of up to $ 200 a month for the gigabit service . As a Verizon representative told Ars Technica , “ The specific price a customer pays to upgrade depends on what their current pricing is . '' Further complicating things is the fact that Verizon 's own system is n't able to process the upgrades to gigabit yet , adding a further level of confusion to the whole affair .
A $ 70 gigabit internet plan that is neither gigabit nor $ 70
Additionally , even setting aside Verizon 's poor messaging about the plan for current customers , it turns out that even new customers probably wo n't be paying $ 70 a month , as Verizon will be charging either a $ 10 monthly rental or $ 150 one-time fee for a Fios router . And apparently , diving in to the fine print of Verizon 's website reveals that even if a customer is eligible for the $ 70 per month price , that service is actually a $ 195 / month plan which is reduced to $ 70 through a $ 10 online discount and a $ 115 `` special bonus discount , ” which is only valid for either 12 or 24 months . ( The site is n't totally clear . )
So , to sum up : Verizon announced a $ 70 gigabit internet plan that is ultimately neither gigabit speed nor $ 70 .
Fantastic .
There are more than 7 billion people on Earth now , and roughly one in eight of us does n't have enough to eat . The question of how many people the Earth can support is a long-standing one that becomes more intense as the world 's population—and our use of natural resources—keeps booming .
This week , two conflicting projections of the world 's future population were released . As National Geographic 's Rob Kunzig writes here , a new United Nations and University of Washington study in the journal Science says it 's highly likely we 'll see 9.6 billion Earthlings by 2050 , and up to 11 billion or more by 2100 . These researchers used a new `` probabalistic '' statistical method that establishes a specific range of uncertainty around their results . Another study in the journal Global Environmental Change projects that the global population will peak at 9.4 billion later this century and fall below 9 billion by 2100 , based on a survey of population experts . Who is right ? We 'll know in a hundred years .
Population debates like this are why , in 2011 , National Geographic published a series called `` 7 Billion '' on world population , its trends , implications , and future . After years of examining global environmental issues such as climate change , energy , food supply , and freshwater , we thought the time was ripe for a deep discussion of people and how we are connected to all these other issues—issues that are getting increased attention today , amid the new population projections .
After all , how many of us there are , how many children we have , how long we live , and where and how we live affect virtually every aspect of the planet upon which we rely to survive : the land , oceans , fisheries , forests , wildlife , grasslands , rivers and lakes , groundwater , air quality , atmosphere , weather , and climate .
World population passed 7 billion on October 31 , 2011 , according to the United Nations . Just who the 7 billionth person was and where he or she was born remain a mystery ; there is no actual cadre of census takers who go house to house in every country , counting people.Instead , population estimates are made by most national governments and international organizations such as the UN . These estimates are based on assumptions about existing population size and expectations of fertility , mortality , and migration in a geographic area .
We 've been on a big growth spurt during the past century or so . In 1900 , demographers had the world 's population at 1.6 billion , in 1950 it was about 2.5 billion , by 2000 it was more than 6 billion . Now , there are about 7.2 billion of us .
In recent years we 've been adding about a billion people every 12 or 13 years or so . Precisely how many of us are here right now is also a matter of debate , depending on whom you consult : The United Nations offers a range of current population figures and trends , the U.S. Census Bureau has its own estimate , and the Population Reference Bureau also tracks us .
The new UN study out this week projects that the world 's population growth may not stop any time soon . That is a reversal from estimates done five years ago , when demographers—people who study population trends—were projecting that by 2045 , world population likely would reach about 9 billion and begin to level off soon after .
But now , the UN researchers who published these new projections in the journal Science say that a flattening of population growth is not going to happen soon without rapid fertility declines—or a reduction in the number of children per mother—in most parts of sub-Saharan Africa that are still experiencing rapid population growth . As Rob Kunzig wrote for National Geographic , the new study estimates that `` there 's an 80 percent chance . . . that the actual number of people in 2100 will be somewhere between 9.6 and 12.3 billion . ''
A History of Debates Over Population
In a famous 1798 essay , the Reverend Thomas Malthus proposed that human population would grow more rapidly than our ability to grow food , and that eventually we would starve .
He asserted that the population would grow geometrically—1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32—and that food production would increase only arithmetically—1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 . So food production would not keep up with our expanding appetites . You might imagine Malthus ' scenario on geometric population growth as being like compound interest : A couple have two children and those children each produce two children . Those four children produce two children each tomake eight , and those eight children each have their own two kids , leaving 16 kids in that generation . But worldwide , the current median fertility rate is about 2.5 , ( or five children between two couples ) so , like compound interest , the population numbers can rise even faster .
Ehrlich , a Stanford University population biologist , wrote a 1968 bestseller called The Population Bomb , which warned of mass starvation in the 1970s and 1980s because of overpopulation . Even though he 's drastically missing that forecast , he continues to argue that humanity is heading for calamity . Ehrlich says the key issue now is not just the number of people on Earth , but a dramatic rise in our recent consumption of natural resources , which Elizabeth Kolbert explored in 2011 in an article called `` The Anthropocene—The Age of Man . ''
As part of this human-dominated era , the past half century also has been referred to as a period of `` Great Acceleration '' by Will Steffen at International Geosphere-Biosphere Program . Besides a nearly tripling of human population since the end of World War II , our presence has been marked by a dramatic increase in human activity—the damming of rivers , soaring water use , expansion of cropland , increased use of irrigation and fertilizers , a loss of forests , and more motor vehicles . There also has been a sharp rise in the use of coal , oil , and gas , and a rapid increase in the atmosphere of methane and carbon dioxide , greenhouse gases that result from changes in land use and the burning of such fuels .
View Images * GDP figures are given in constant 1990 international dollars . JOHN TOMANIO , NGM Staff . ART : BRYAN CHRISTIE . Sources : UNITED NATIONS ; Angus Maddison , “ Statistics on World Population , GDP and Per Capita GDP , 1-2008 AD , ” University of Groningen ; World Bank ; World Intellectual Property Organization
Measuring Our Rising Impact
As a result of this massive expansion of our presence on Earth , scientists Ehrlich , John Holdren , and Barry Commoner in the early 1970s devised a formula to measure our rising impact , called IPAT , in which ( I ) mpact equals ( P ) opulation multiplied by ( A ) ffluence multiplied by ( T ) echnology .
The IPAT formula , they said , can help us realize that our cumulative impact on the planet is not just in population numbers , but also in the increasing amount of natural resources each person uses . The graphic above , which visualizes IPAT , shows that the rise in our cumulative impact since 1950—rising population combined with our expanding demand for resources—has been profound .
IPAT is a useful reminder that population , consumption , and technology all help shape our environmental impact , but it should n't be taken too literally . University of California ecologist John Harte has said that IPAT `` . . . conveys the notion that population is a linear multiplier . . . . In reality , population plays a much more dynamic and complex role in shaping environmental quality . ''
One of our biggest impacts is agriculture . Whether we can grow enough food sustainably for an expanding world population also presents an urgent challenge , and this becomes only more so in light of these new population projections . Where will food for an additional 2 to 3 billion people come from when we are already barely keeping up with 7 billion ? Such questions underpin a 2014 National Geographic series on the future of food .
As climate change damages crop yields and extreme weather disrupts harvests , growing enough food for our expanding population has become what The 2014 World Food Prize Symposium calls `` the greatest challenge in human history . ''
Population 's Structure : Fertility , Mortality and Migration
View Images Immigrant women at a Sikh festival in Spain . Research suggests that the more education a woman receives , the fewer children she is likely to have . Photograph by Randy Olson , National Geographic Creative
Population is not just about numbers of people . Demographers typically focus on three dimensions—fertility , mortality , and migration—when examining population trends . Fertility examines how many children a woman bears in her lifetime , mortality looks at how long we live , and migration focuses on where we live and move . Each of these population qualities influences the nature of our presence and impact across the planet .
The newly reported higher world population projections result from continuing high fertility in sub-Saharan Africa . The median number of children per woman in the region remains at 4.6 , well above both the global mean of 2.5 and the replacement level of 2.1 . Since 1970 , a global decline in fertility—from about 5 children per woman to about 2.5—has occurred across most of the world : Fewer babies have been born , family size has shrunk , and population growth has slowed . In the United States , fertility is now slightly below replacement level .
Reducing fertility is essential if future population growth is to be reined in . Cynthia Gorney wrote about the dramatic story of declining Brazilian fertility as part of National Geographic 's 7 Billion series . Average family size dropped from 6.3 children to 1.9 children per woman over two generations in Brazil , the result of improving education for girls , more career opportunities , and the increased availability of contraception .
Mortality—or birth rates versus death rates—and migration ( where we live and move ) also affect the structure of population . Living longer can cause a region 's population to increase even if birth rates remain constant . Youthful nations in the Middle East and Africa , where there are more young people than old , struggle to provide sufficient land , food , water , housing , education , and employment for young people . Besides the search for a life with more opportunity elsewhere , migration also is driven by the need to escape political disruption or declining environmental conditions such as chronic drought and food shortages .
A paradox of lower fertility and reduced population growth rates is that as education and affluence improves , consumption of natural resources increases per person . In other words , ( as illustrated in the IPAT graphic here ) as we get richer , each of us consumes more natural resources and energy , typically carbon-based fuels such as coal , oil , and gas . This can be seen in consumption patterns that include higher protein foods such as meat and dairy , more consumer goods , bigger houses , more vehicles , and more air travel .
When it comes to natural resources , studies indicate we are living beyond our means . An ongoing Global Footprint Network study says we now use the equivalent of 1.5 planets to provide the resources we use , and to absorb our waste . A study by the Stockholm Resilience Institute has identified a set of `` nine planetary boundaries '' for conditions in which we could live and thrive for generations , but it shows that we already have exceeded the institute 's boundaries for biodiversity loss , nitrogen pollution , and climate change .
Those of us reading this article are among an elite crowd of Earthlings . We have reliable electricity , access to Internet-connected computers and phones , and time available to contemplate these issues .
About one-fifth of those on Earth still do n't have have access to reliable electricity . So as we debate population , things we take for granted—reliable lighting and cooking facilities , for example—remain beyond the reach of about 1.3 billion or more people . Lifting people from the darkness of energy poverty could help improve lives .
View Images Children read the Koran using flashlights in Wantugu , Ghana . Eliminating energy poverty could help education rates , which by extension could help rein in overpopulation . Photograph by Peter DiCampo
As World Bank Vice President Rachel Kyte told Marianne Lavelle of National Geographic last year , `` It is energy that lights the lamp that lets you do your homework , that keeps the heat on in a hospital , that lights the small businesses where most people work . Without energy , there is no economic growth , there is no dynamism , and there is no opportunity . ''
Improved education , especially for girls , is cited as a key driver of declining family size . Having light at night can become a gateway to better education for millions of young people and the realization that opportunities and choices besides bearing many children can await .
So when we debate population , it 's important to also discuss the impact—the how we live—of the population equation . While new projections of even higher world population in the decades ahead are cause for concern , we should be equally concerned about—and be willing to address—the increasing effects of resource consumption and its waste .
Dennis Dimick led creation of the 2011 National Geographic series `` 7 Billion , '' and is National Geographic 's executive editor for the Environment . You can follow him on Twitter , Instagram , and flickr .
Alaa Abdel Fattah , one of Egypt 's best-known bloggers and activists , was a political prisoner under former dictator Hosni Mubarak , and then again under the cadre of generals that took Mubarak 's place , becoming , during a two-month jail stint in late 2011 , a symbol of the abuses of military rule . When Fattah heard that he was wanted for arrest yet again—this time , under the democratically elected president for whom he 'd cast a ballot in June—he says he was not surprised . “ I expected this would happen , ” he says . “ Whenever a regime is cornered , one of the first things it starts doing is arresting activists . And we seem to be preparing for a crackdown . ”
Last week , Egypt 's public prosecutor created a firestorm when he issued a series of arrest warrants against prominent critics of the government . The warrants have been widely condemned as a move to stifle dissent against Egypt 's president , Mohamed Morsi , and his allies in the Muslim Brotherhood . The highest-profile target is comedian Bassem Youssef , whose wildly popular Daily Show–styled satirical talk show skewers Morsi regularly . Following a court appearance last week in which Youssef was charged with insulting both the president and Islam , even Jon Stewart came to his defense . “ Without Bassem and all those journalists and bloggers and brave protesters who took to Tahrir Square to voice dissent , you , President Morsi , would not have been in a position to repress them , ” Stewart said on his show Monday night .
The prosecutor , Talaat Ibrahim , whom Morsi appointed in December , is also reportedly investigating Youssef for “ threatening public security. ” In an interview with The Daily Beast earlier this year , as the possibility of legal action loomed , Youssef described the potential charges as “ a way to pressure you and a way to exhaust you and a way to drain your energy ” —adding that his best defense would be to keep up the satire . True to form , he approached the courthouse last week sporting an oversize black hat , in imitation of one recently worn by Morsi while receiving an honorary degree in Pakistan , as noted in The New York Times , and then mocked the proceedings on his Twitter feed .
The charges against Youssef have garnered international attention : they are the most glaring example yet of what rights advocate paint as a systematic squeeze on media freedom . But analysts say that cases against Fattah and other activists are potentially more worrisome—part of what Michael Wahid Hanna , a senior fellow at the Century Foundation , calls an “ emerging pattern ” in which the prosecutor 's office targets anti-Morsi activists . “ It 's a very clear instance of the criminal-justice system being corrupted and manipulated for a [ political ] gain , ” Hanna says . “ Which is trying to chill dissent and intimidate activists . ”
If little-known activists find themselves in legal trouble , Hanna adds , “ they wo n't be able to draw international attention to their plight . ”
Many revolutionary activists , like Fattah , openly supported Morsi during the final round of last summer 's presidential election , helping him to a narrow victory over Ahmed Shafiq , a prime minister under Mubarak whom many considered a remnant of the old regime . Morsi and his allies , however , have become increasingly entrenched against the non-Islamist opposition—and protests have gripped the country since December , when Morsi temporarily granted himself authoritarian powers and used them to push through an Islamist-penned constitution , as well as appoint Ibrahim as prosecutor .
Shadi Hamid , the director of research at the Brookings Doha Center , says that the government now believes that “ you 're either with the Brotherhood or against it ” —and appears to be turning the prosecutor 's office on its opponents . In addition to Fattah , arrest warrants were issued for at least four other prominent activists last week . “ The fact that activists with revolutionary credentials are being targeted , some of whom actually supported Morsi in elections , is very disturbing , ” Hamid says . “ If you talk to activists in Egypt right now , the perception is that if they publicly oppose Morsi and the Brotherhood , they could be next . ”
After the warrants were issued last week , Fattah says , they were heavily promoted on state media , as well as on the government 's official Facebook page . He decided to turn himself in , he adds , because he feared the publicity could incite a backlash from Morsi 's supporters . “ I freaked out , ” he says . “ Even the most dangerous criminals do n't hear their arrest warrants on the radio . It was scary . So I handed myself in . ”
Fattah appeared in court last week decked in white clothes , to symbolize the outfit he wore during his imprisonment under military rule . Like the other activists , he was accused of inciting violence against the Brotherhood , in connection with a recent incident in which anti-Islamist crowds attacked the Brotherhood 's Cairo headquarters , sparking violent clashes with Morsi supporters . Human-rights advocates have dismissed the charges against Fattah and the others , calling them manufactured and politically motivated . “ They are trying to stop this revolutionary wave , and the only thing they can think of is to put as many revolutionary voices behind bars as possible , ” Fattah says .
Morsi 's government contends that it has played no role in the legal drama . But Hamid and others point out that the prosecutor has been accused of carrying out a political agenda since taking office last year . And while incitement to violence is a serious problem in Egypt , Hamid adds , the recent allegations against Fattah and the others “ obviously seem political . ”
Eric Trager , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , says the legal targeting of government opponents is likely to continue . “ The Muslim Brotherhood believes that Egypt 's problems are due to a broad conspiracy against its rule , ” he says . “ It is therefore cracking down on its critics , rather than working to restore stability by including them in the political process . ”
“ The point in going after top activists like Alaa and top media figures like Bassem Youssef , ” he adds , “ is to make lesser-known activists and media figures afraid . ”
But Fattah says that “ policies of crackdown ” have failed to quiet activists in the past . “ It 's always the opposite , ” he says .
Houston police are still trying to sort out how a 5-year-old boy got his hands on a rifle and shot his 7-year-old brother Tuesday night on the northeast side .
The 7-year-old who was shot is in the hospital in good condition , alert and talking , while at the Houston Police Department and Child Protective Services , this case is still under investigation .
The home on Lyons Avenue near Lockwood and I-10 where the shooting happened was quiet and locked up Wednesday morning . No one was home . It was a much different scene Tuesday night at around 9 , when police say the 5-year-old boy shot his 7-year-old brother with an older model .22 rifle .
`` They were non-life threatening . It was one bullet hole that went through his lower back , '' said Sgt . Ryan Gardiner with the Houston Police Department .
Police tell us the mother had stepped away from the children right after bath time when the shooting happened , and they are questioning the parents about where the weapon was and how the child gained access to it .
CPS tells us the 5-year-old boy has been sent to stay with his uncle , and police say parents have to take reasonable precautions when guns are in the home .
`` If you have weapons -- guns , knives , anything that a child can hurt themselves with or hurt someone else -- the parents secure them , put them in a place where a child ca n't get to them . If your children are older , perhaps training for them to understand what a gun is , '' said Gwen Carter with CPS .
CPS says that the level of training depends very much on the child 's age and maturity level .
Investigators recovered the weapon at the scene .
Police say they are still in the process of talking to the kids as to exactly what transpired during the shooting .
___________________________________________________________
Take ABC13 with you !
Download our free apps for iPhone , iPad , Android and Blackberry devices
Energy is emerging as one of the defining issues ahead of the US presidential and congressional elections on November 6 . At a time when drought is reducing ethanol output , the two main presidential candidates have sharply different strategies for reconciling energy with climate protection and low-carbon growth .
Barack Obama ( Democrat ) is promoting an ‘ all of the above ' strategy to boost renewable energy and energy efficiency , as well as mobilise domestic oil and gas . By contrast , Mitt Romney ( Republican ) wants to remove EPA regulation of carbon dioxide , drop incentives for wind and focus almost exclusively on expanding exploitation of coal , oil and gas reserves . This stand-off is strikingly different from the 2008 Presidential race when both candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain ( Republican ) , recognised climate change as a strategic threat and backed the introduction of ‘ cap and trade ' to drive low-carbon growth . Four years on , cap and trade is a distant prospect ( see Tables 1 and 2 , below ) . We believe three factors explain this shift :
The shale revolution : The rapid growth in shale gas and oil production has temporarily broken the link between energy security and climate action . Henry Hub gas prices peaked in July 2008 , just before the last Presidential election , and have fallen c80 per cent since , in sharp contrast to prices in the UK ( Chart 1 ) . With abundant shale , the energy imperative to deploy renewables and efficiency has been reduced .
The economic downturn : The economy continues to deliver subpar growth . This has relegated climate in the public mind , and focused attention on jobs . Mr Obama is positioning clean energy as a source of jobs and innovation , while Mr Romney points to the potential of shale and offshore drilling .
Cultural polarisation : The scientific consensus on the reality of global warming has deepened significantly over the past year , highlighted by the recent results of the Berkeley Earth project which concluded that the earth 's surface temperature had risen and that human activities are “ almost entirely the cause. ” But polarisation in American society on climate change remains profound . Indeed , behavioural research suggests that “ public divisions over climate change stem not from the public 's incomprehension of science but from a distinctive conflict of interest , ” with attitudes driven more by an individual 's world view than scientific evidence . This makes it hard to build the cross-party compromises required for long-term action on climate and clean tech .
Emissions falling , but climate concern also down
Taken together , economic slowdown , along with more shale gas , renewables and efficiency , means that US greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions are 8.6 per cent below 2005 levels – potentially on track for the Obama Administration 's objective of a 17 per cent cut by 2020 . But with the failure to pass comprehensive climate and clean energy policy in 2010 , there is no guarantee that this objective will be met – and this in itself is far below the international benchmark goal for industrialised countries of 25-40 per cent GHG cuts from 1990 levels by 2020 .
Furthermore , according to the most recent opinion survey from Yale University taken in March this year , the proportion of Americans ‘ alarmed ' or ‘ concerned ' about global warming stands at 40 per cent , well below the peak of 51 per cent in late 2008 , with 45 per cent stating that it was ‘ not an important issue ' in deciding how to vote in the Presidential elections ' . This poll does not take account of the record summer temperatures and drought conditions prevailing across 63 per cent of the ‘ Lower 48 ' states , but it 's unclear what connections voters would make with climate change .
Yet this erosion of climate concern should not be confused with a lack of support for action to promote ‘ green growth : ' the same survey found that a full 58 per cent of those polled believed that action to protect the environment “ improves economic growth and provides new jobs ” compared with only 17 per cent against . With America 's fiscal situation one of the top political issues , 60 per cent said that they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who reduced federal income tax and made up the revenue via fossil fuel taxes .
Crunch issues and wild cards
Critically , the Presidential election is just one of three federal polls on November 6 : the entire House of Representatives is also up for election along with a third of the Senate . This is important as key policy proposals need filibuster proof support in both Houses and Presidential backing . We believe the climate and clean tech dimension of the elections will turn on three key issues , with one wild card after the vote .
– Tax credits for wind power : The Production Tax Credit for wind will expire at the end of the year . We estimate that failure to extend the PTC would reduce the wind market from 10.5GW this year to 3GW in 2013 . On August 2 , the Senate Finance Committee – consisting of both Democrats and Republicans – approved a bill that would extend the wind PTC and renewable energy Investment Tax Credit by one year until December 13 2013 as part of a package of tax extenders . The proposal also recommends changing the eligibility criteria for offshore wind so that projects receive the PTC as long as they have begun construction by the end of 2013 ; currently projects must be completed by year-end to qualify . We believe that an extension is unlikely ahead of the November election , but the PTC remains a rare example where bipartisan support can be achieved and so approval either in the lame duck period or early in 2013 looks reasonable , in our view . However , if this just a one-year extension then it would provide insufficient regulatory visibility to stimulate many new projects .
– Ethanol mandates and corn : With the US drought driving corn prices up c28 per cent since 15 June , the Obama Administration is under pressure from home and abroad to suspend its renewable fuel standard ( RFS ) . The RFS mandates 13.2 billion gallons of ethanol this year ; last year , ethanol consumed 40 per cent of US corn . Ethanol production has already responded to high corn prices and has fallen to a two-year low since early June , reducing corn consumption by c12 per cent . Flexibility built into the RFS also lowers the economic impacts of reduced corn output . Nevertheless , one study has estimated that a RFS waiver would cut corn prices by 7.4 per cent . The electoral importance of ethanol in key farming states makes it unlikely that either candidate would support RFS suspension ahead of the November vote . Thereafter , the recent repetition of food price spikes could accelerate US efforts to reduce the ethanol share in biofuel production .
– Carbon regulation & the EPA : Ending the Environmental Protection Agency 's authority to regulate GHGs is a key Republican priority in energy policy . In the absence of cap and trade , this would remove a major remaining tool for low-carbon action . In April 2011 , an attempt to pass similar legislation won 50 votes , but failed to gain the 60 votes need to avoid a filibuster ; President Obama had also pledged to veto the legislation . Given the high hurdle to pass the Senate , we believe that this measure to end the EPA 's authority is also unlikely to succeed after the 2012 elections .
– Carbon pricing & fiscal reform : One ‘ wild card ' idea that is gaining traction in bipartisan efforts to close the US fiscal gap is the use of a carbon tax to raise revenues . A carbon tax has been supported by a range of think-tanks across the political spectrum including the American Enterprise Institute , the Centre for American Progress , and the Economic Policy Institute.5 A new study from Brookings finds that a tax set at $ US15 per tonne would raise $ US80 billion pas at the outset ; if it rose by 4 per cent a year , it would raise $ US310 billion by 2050 , cutting GHGs by 34 per cent . Introducing a carbon tax would clearly face substantial obstacles – but if placed in the context of overall fiscal rebalancing could win favour in our view .
This is an edited extract of HSBC Global Research 's “ US election preview , ” published August 16 , 2012 . Reproduced with permission .
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement By Moska Najib
BBC News , Delhi
Early morning prayers at Hazrat Nizammudin , a sufi shrine in the Indian capital , Delhi . In the main hall of the onion-shaped dome people are milling around , their hands clasped in prayer . Men entering the shrine pay their respects as women huddle outside , peering in . Sitting by a pillar and praying is 20-year-old Sabra Ahmadzai . She left her home , Afghanistan , for the first time in November of last year . Along with personal belongings which included copies of her wedding video and marriage certificate , she boarded a flight to India to confront the man she says is her missing husband - a doctor in the Indian Army . Taboo Ms Ahmadzai was working as a Hindi translator in a hospital in Kabul where she met her husband , Maj Chandrashekhar Pant . Bigamy is illegal in India She is now pursuing a case of bigamy . `` We were together for about 15 days when he was transferred back to India , '' she says . `` He promised to return with his parents and left . In six months he only called me three times , and in his last call he told me Sabra you are young and you can marry again - I have two kids and a wife from before . '' In Afghanistan marrying a foreigner is still taboo . But Ms Ahmadzai said that she decided to go ahead after he converted to Islam and after receiving the consent of her family and relatives . Dressed in a white gown and holding hands , her wedding video shows the couple walking down the aisle , cutting their wedding cake and performing the ceremonial rituals of an Islamic marriage . Ms Ahmadzai says she waited for two years for her husband to return but the talk in the neighbourhood of her abandonment became unbearable . 'Three options ' `` People would often ask me why has n't your husband returned ? Does he even call you ? I was quite upset by all this , so I decided to come to India and confront him . '' The army says that it takes bigamy cases very seriously Having travelled two days on a local bus to the small hill town of Pithoragarh in the Himalayas , Ms Ahmadzai met Maj Pant on the hallway of the local hospital . She says he was taken aback by her unexpected visit to his hometown . `` I told him I will give you three options and you can choose what suits you best , '' she said . `` When a girl marries she lives in her husband 's house , so either you let me live with your family here in India , or you and your family come with me to Afghanistan . And if you are not happy with either of these choices , then at least come to Afghanistan and divorce me in front of the same cleric and the same people . '' Ms Ahmadzai - who has now been in India for more than six weeks - is grateful for the support of local students and non-government organisations ( NGOs ) . With their help , she has already registered a complaint with the police . Her lawyer , Ravindra Garia , says they have a solid case against the major . `` Sabra is here , there are video CDs of her marriage and she has a wedding certificate which is a documentary proof that this marriage actually took place , '' he says . However , according to the local police , Maj Pant has said his picture in the wedding video has been fabricated . `` Chandrashekhar Pant denies that any marriage ceremony has taken place and believes that these photographs are actually cut and paste , '' Police superintendent of Pithoragarh , PS Rawat told the BBC . 'Disciplinary action ' While an inquiry is in progress , the Indian Army Chief , Deepak Kapoor , says action will only be taken if the major is found guilty . The bride has thanked all who have helped her in Delhi `` If an inquiry reveals that an army man is at fault , he is automatically liable to appropriate disciplinary action and it will be immediately taken . The army does not believe in the philosophy of shielding a perpetrator of any kind of irregularity , corruption or crime , '' he said . Gen Kapoor says the army has done its own investigation and has found a certain `` dichotomy '' between army records and what Ms Ahmadzai claims in her complaint to the police . `` The dichotomy stems from the fact that her so-called marriage took place in December . As per our records and according to the details of the officer on the mission to Afghanistan , he was there from January to November . So there is a basic dichotomy in what the FIR ( First Information Report ) has said and what the officer has done when he was detailed there , '' Gen Kapoor said . Meanwhile , for Sabra Ahmadzai this is a battle that must be fought - even if it takes many years . `` I have learnt that you should not marry outside your community , '' she says , `` and if you do then you should inquire and be careful . '' As she walks out of the shrine into the winding lanes of Nizamuddin , she talks of returning to Afghanistan and opening an NGO that will help other Afghan women from being exploited in these difficult times her country is facing . `` This fight is not just for me , '' she says while nibbling on prayer sweets and rose petals , `` but for people who are facing similar situations and they must fight it out . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Indian scientists say the chillis will immobilise but not kill people
Indian defence scientists are planning to put one of the world 's hottest chilli powders into hand grenades .
They say the devices will be used to control rioters and in counter-insurgency operations .
Researchers say the idea is to replace explosives in small hand grenades with a certain variety of red chilli to immobilise people without killing them .
The chilli , known as Bhut Jolokia , is said to be 1,000 times hotter than commonly used kitchen chilli .
Scientists at India 's Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) are quoted as saying the potent chilli will be used as a food additive for troops operating in cold conditions .
And the powder will also be spread on the fences around army barracks in the hope the strong smell will keep out animals .
Other forms of pepper spray are commonly used for crowd control in many parts of the world .
Gallery
The Spider Martin Civil Rights Collection is the largest and most comprehensive document from Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 's 1965 Freedom Campaign . Spider recorded on film , two of the most historically significant and pivotal events in Civil Rights history , contributing to the passage of the The Voting Rights Act of 1965 : Bloody Sunday and the Selma to Montgomery Freedom March . In 2015 we will observe and commemorate the 50th Anniversaries of Bloody Sunday , The Selma to Montgomery Freedom March and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
`` Spider , we could have marched , we could have protested forever ,
but if it were n't for guys like you , it would have been for nothing .
The whole world saw your pictures . That 's why the Voting Rights Act passed ''
Martin Luther King
1965
“ In Spider Martin 's hands , a camera is a weapon of discovery ,
revealing truths long concealed by prejudice and mythology . ''
Andrew Young
1992
`` Spider Martin , more than any other photographer of our time ,
has used his camera to document the struggle for civil rights
and social change in the State of Alabama…In viewing Spider 's
collection , one is literally walking through the pages of
American history . ''
Congressman John Lewis
1996
“ The photographs by Spider Martin helped change
not just the American South ,
but change our nation and our world . ''
Congressman John Lewis
2011
Copyright © Spider Martin All Rights Reserved
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Aiming to alleviate the burden of student loan debt , President Barack Obama expanded a program Monday that lets borrowers pay no more than 10 percent of their income every month , and threw his support behind more sweeping Senate legislation targeting the issue .
Flanked by student loan borrowers at the White House , Obama said the rising costs of college have left America 's middle class feeling trapped . He put his pen to a presidential memorandum that he said could help an additional 5 million borrowers lower their monthly payments .
‘ ‘ I 'm only here because this country gave me a chance through education , '' Obama said . ‘ ‘ We are here today because we believe that in America , no hard-working young person should be priced out of a higher education . ''
Advertisement
An existing repayment plan Obama announced in 2010 lets borrowers pay no more than 10 percent of their monthly income in payments , but is only available for those who started borrowing after October 2007 . Obama 's memo expands that program by making opening it to those who borrowed anytime in the past .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Obama also announced he is directing the government to renegotiate contracts with federal student loan servicers to encourage them to make it easier for borrowers to avoid defaulting on their loans . And he asked Treasury and Education departments to work with major tax preparers , including H & R Block and the makers of TurboTax , to increase awareness about tuition tax credits and flexible repayment options available to borrowers .
Related Links House easily approves bill to speed veterans ' care
‘ ‘ It 's going to make progress , but not enough , '' Obama said . ‘ ‘ We need more . ''
To that end , Obama used the East Room appearance to endorse legislation that would let college graduates with heavy debts refinance their loans .
The bill 's chief advocate , Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , joined a half-dozen other Democratic lawmakers as Obama urged Congress to pass the bill .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ This should be a no-brainer , '' Obama said .
The Senate is expected to debate the legislation next week , but it faces significant opposition from Republicans , who disagree with the Democrats ' plan for how to pay for it .
The dual strategy — taking executive action while urging Congress to finish the job — has become Obama 's signature playbook this year . Stymied by gridlock as Congress marches toward the midterm elections , he has repeatedly sought ways to go around Congress with modest steps .
Under an income-based repayment plan created by Congress , the maximum monthly payment is already set to drop from 15 percent of income to 10 percent in July 2014 . But that plan only affects new borrowers . Obama 's ‘ ‘ Pay as You Earn '' plan uses another part of existing law to offer similar benefits to people who already borrowed to finance their education .
In previous Obama budgets , the White House has predicted that making the plan retroactive would cost the federal government billions of dollars in the early years . Asked about the costs Monday , Education Secretary Arne Duncan said the administration wo n't know how much it will cost until they go through the rule-making process to put the expansion in place .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ We actually do n't know the costs yet , '' Duncan said . ‘ ‘ We 'll figure that out on the back end . ''
Republican leaders in Congress have faulted Obama 's steps on loan repayments for failing to address the root cause : college costs that are too high .
‘ ‘ This was not a thought-out policy solution , but another in a series of political events designed to distract from the difficulties facing college grads in the Obama economy , '' said Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky .
Related :
• House easily approves bill to speed veterans ' care
• First step in paying down student debt : know what you owe
• Many blind to college loan needs
• Opinion : How to make college more affordable
• Warren files bill on student loan refinancing
Associated Press writer Jim Kuhnhenn contributed to this report .
DENVER — The nation 's rapidly growing Latino population is one of the most powerful forces working in President Barack Obama 's favor in many of the states that will determine his contest with Mitt Romney . But Latinos are not registering or voting in numbers that fully reflect their potential strength , leaving Hispanic leaders frustrated and Democrats worried as they increase efforts to rally Latino support .
Interviews with Latino voters across the country suggested a range of reasons for what has become , over a decade , an entrenched pattern of nonparticipation , ranging from a distrust of government to a fear of what many see as an intimidating effort by law enforcement and political leaders to crack down on immigrants , legal or not .
Here in Denver , Ben Monterosso , the executive director of Mi Familia Vota , or My Family Votes , a national group that helps Latinos become citizens and register to vote , gathered organizers around a table in his office and recited census data demonstrating the lack of Latino participation .
“ Our potential at the ballot box is not being maximized , ” Monterosso told them . “ The untapped potential is there . ”
More than 21 million Latinos will be eligible to vote this November , clustered in pockets from Colorado to Florida , as well as in less obvious states such as Illinois , Iowa , North Carolina and Virginia . Yet just over 10 million of them are registered , and even fewer turn out to vote .
In the 2008 presidential election , when a record 10 million Latinos showed up at the polls nationwide , that amounted to just half of the eligible voters . By contrast , 66 percent of eligible whites and 65 percent of eligible blacks voted , according to a study by the Pew Hispanic Center .
That disparity is echoed in swing states across the country . In Nevada , 42 percent of eligible Latinos are registered , while just 35 percent are registered in Virginia , according to Latino Decisions , a political research organization that studies Latino voting trends .
Although Latinos do not turn up at the polls in the same numbers , relative to their population , as other ethnic groups , their overall numbers are growing so rapidly that they are nevertheless on the verge of becoming the powerful force in U.S. politics that officials in both parties have long anticipated — an effect that would only be magnified should they somehow begin to match the voting percentages of other ethnic groups .
Obama 's campaign has seized on that as a central part of his re-election strategy , with an early burst of three Spanish-language TV ads in four swing states , including Colorado , and voter registration drives in Latino neighborhoods .
“ Hi , are you registered to vote ? ” Linda Vargas , 62 , said in English and Spanish to people walking into a public library on the outskirts of Denver as she sat behind a table stacked with voter registration forms .
This segment of the U.S. electorate is by any measure sprawling , with near-explosive population growth in places like California and Texas and growing numbers in swing states like Arizona , Colorado , Florida , Nevada and New Mexico . Their presence in such politically important states has only fed the frustration of Latino organizers over their underrepresentation at the polls .
Matt Barreto , an associate professor of political science at the University of Washington and head of Latino Decisions , said the population growth had produced a higher Latino vote in every presidential election over the past decade , a number that had the effect of masking the political apathy of many Latino voters .
Jim Messina , Obama 's campaign manager , said Latino voters were a critical factor in the president 's re-election hopes . “ Look , if we do our job right and have a good ground game , I absolutely believe that Latino voters can be one of the big reasons we win this election , ” he said .
Officials in Romney 's campaign argued that he would cut into Obama 's Latino support by challenging his record on the economy , and how , they said , it had been harmful to Latinos .
Last week , the Romney campaign posted a Spanish-language advertisement on its website pointing to rising unemployment among Latinos .
“ Understand the dynamic of this election : It 's about the economy and it 's about jobs , ” said Joshua Baca , Romney 's coalitions director , who is responsible for outreach efforts to Hispanics . “ Whatever the Obama campaign wants to do with regards to targeting Hispanic voters , that 's fine . Our message is going to be , ‘ It does n't matter if you are Hispanic , if you 're a woman , if you 're African-American : It 's the economy . ' ”
Latino voters overwhelmingly support Obama over Romney , according to recent polls . The anger at Republicans for supporting tough immigration laws , like the one passed in Arizona last year , is powerful and potentially damaging to Romney after a Republican primary in which the candidates largely rallied behind that law .
McLEAN , Va. - Abraham Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address has inspired Americans for generations , but consider his jarring remarks in 1862 to a White House audience of free blacks , urging them to leave the U.S. and settle in Central America .
`` For the sake of your race , you should sacrifice something of your present comfort for the purpose of being as grand in that respect as the white people , '' Lincoln said , promoting his idea of colonization : resettling blacks in foreign countries on the belief that whites and blacks could not coexist in the same nation .
Lincoln went on to say that free blacks who envisioned a permanent life in the United States were being `` selfish '' and he promoted Central America as an ideal location `` especially because of the similarity of climate with your native land  thus being suited to your physical condition . ''
As the nation celebrates the 150th anniversary of Lincoln 's first inauguration Friday , a new book by a researcher at George Mason University in Fairfax makes the case that Lincoln was even more committed to colonizing blacks than previously known . The book , `` Colonization After Emancipation , '' is based in part on newly uncovered documents that author Philip Magness and Sebastian Page found at the British National Archives outside London and in the U.S. National Archives .
In an interview , Magness said he thinks the documents he uncovered reveal Lincoln 's complexity .
`` It makes his life more interesting , his racial legacy more controversial , '' said Magness , who is also an adjuct professor at American University .
Lincoln 's views about colonization are well known among historians , even if they do n't make it into most schoolbooks . Lincoln even referred to colonization in the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation , his September 1862 warning to the South that he would free all slaves in Southern territory if the rebellion continued . Unlike some others , Lincoln always promoted a voluntary colonization , rather than forcing blacks to leave .
But historians differ on whether Lincoln moved away from colonization after he issued the official Emancipation Proclamation on Jan. 1 , 1863 , or whether he continued to support it .
Magness and Page 's book offers evidence that Lincoln continued to support colonization , engaging in secret diplomacy with the British to establish a colony in British Honduras , now Belize .
Among the records found at the British archives is an 1863 order from Lincoln granting a British agent permission to recruit volunteers for a Belize colony .
`` He did n't let colonization die off . He became very active in promoting it in the private sphere , through diplomatic channels , '' Magness said . He surmises that Lincoln grew weary of the controversy that surrounded colonization efforts , which had become enmeshed in scandal and were criticized by many abolitionists .
As late as 1864 , Magness found a notation that Lincoln asked the attorney general whether he could continue to receive counsel from James Mitchell , his colonization commissioner , even after Congress had eliminated funding for Mitchell 's office .
Illinois ' state historian , Tom Schwartz , who is also a research director at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library in Springfield , Ill. , said that while historians differ , there is ample evidence that Lincoln 's views evolved away from colonization in the final two years of the Civil War .
Lincoln gave several speeches referring to the rights blacks had earned as they enlisted in the Union Army , for instance . And presidential secretary John Hay wrote in July 1864 that Lincoln had `` sloughed off '' colonization .
`` Most of the evidence points to the idea that Lincoln is looking at other ways '' to resolve the transition from slavery besides colonization at the end of his presidency , Schwartz said .
Lincoln is the not only president whose views on race relations and slavery were more complex and less idealistic than children 's storybook histories suggest . George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were both slaveholders despite misgivings . Washington freed his slaves when he died .
`` Washington , because he wanted to keep the union , knew he had to ignore the slavery problem because it would have torn the country apart , said James Rees , director of Washington 's Mount Vernon estate .
`` It 's tempting to wish he had tried . The nation had more chance of dealing with slavery with Washington than with anyone else , '' Rees said , noting the esteem in which Washington was held in both the North and the South .
Magness said views on Lincoln can be strongly held and often divergent . He noted that people have sought to use Lincoln 's legacy to support all manner of political policy agendas since the day he was assassinated . And nobody can claim definitive knowledge of Lincoln 's own views , especially on a topic as complex as race relations .
`` He never had a chance to complete his vision . Lincoln 's racial views were evolving at the time of his death , '' Magness said .
I was diagnosed with keratoconus at age 18 . I began wearing rigid gas permeable ( RGP ) contacts in both eyes at that time . I had cornea transplant in left eye at age 21 , and transplant in right eye 10 years later . I continued wearing RGP lenses in both eyes after transplants . About 3 years ago , I started the tandem fit ( piggy back ) in the left eye , but maintained only the RGP for the right one . The left one became so uncomfortable that I would literally go without putting my left lenses in . I HATED it . A few months ago , it started popping out , so I saw my specialist . He suggested the scleral lens for the left eye.I got my new scleral for left eye in September and I LOVE IT ! ! I 've gone back twice since then and it 's fitting and working like it 's supposed to . I do n't have to go back for another 6 months.NOW , I 'm doing tandem in the right eye . Some days I can go without the soft one , and some days , I have to put it in with the RGP . I 'm sure I will be moving to a scleral lens for my right eye very soon . There is a huge difference in the comfort level with the scleral and the RGP.Like any other keratoconus patient , my eyes are tired when I take my contacts out at end of day . Headaches are often , but they are mostly tolerable . My grafts are clear and there is no thinning . They are at full thickness.Living with keratoconus is a headache ( literally ) , at times , but it 's definitely not the end of your life . There is so much more being done now for keratoconus , than when I was first diagnosed , so I am very hopeful.Besides that , I walk by faith , not by sight ... definitely not THIS sight.Live a hopeful life with keratoconus . accept your diagnosis , treat it properly , and keep pushing forward.Sheronda Watson
Part of the Truthout Series Planet or Profit
Offshore oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico . Fracking techniques were used at 115 wells in the Gulf during 2013 , but the extent of offshore fracking remains unknown . ( Photo : Jonathan Henderson/Gulf Restoration Network )
The US Department of the Interior must reveal records on the use of fracking technology in the Gulf of Mexico under a legal settlement with an environmental group filed in federal court on June 1 .
The settlement requires the two agencies that regulate offshore oil and gas production in federal waters to release documents on fracking in the Gulf over a nine-month period , beginning in July . The Center for Biological Diversity originally requested the records more than eight months ago under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
Once released , the records will also help satisfy a separate FOIA request for Gulf fracking permits filed by Truthout in November 2014 .
“ Offshore fracking has been shrouded in secrecy , but this settlement will finally force the government to tell us where oil companies are using this toxic technique , ” said Kristen Monsell , a Center attorney . “ Fracking pollution is a huge threat to marine animals , and the high pressures used to frack offshore wells increase the risk of another devastating oil spill . ”
In 2014 , regulators released an incomplete list of 115 wells in the Gulf of Mexico where a fracking technology known as “ frack packing ” was deployed during 2013 , but the full extent of offshore fracking is currently unknown . Frack packing is more established and typically smaller in scale than the large , horizontal operations that have ignited a national controversy onshore , but the oil industry and regulators have indicated that such unconventional technology is deployed in the Gulf .
Industry officials have also said they plan to increase the use of fracking techniques to exploit wells in deep Gulf waters , and with more than 4,000 platforms in the region , the Center claims that the scope offshore fracking could be “ staggering . ”
Offshore fracking involves forcing water and chemicals at high pressure under the sea floor to fracture rocks and release oil and gas from deposits and existing wells with dwindling reserves .
Oil and gas companies are allowed to dump fracking chemicals mixed with wastewater overboard at offshore platforms , but the government does not report how much fracking chemicals are being dumped into the Gulf because it is not tracking such discharges , according to the Center . Pollution permits for Gulf oil drillers do not cover the myriad of chemicals often involved in fracking .
The Center filed its original request in October and sued the two regulatory agencies in January for failing to issue a timely response . The original request asked for documents going back to 1990 , which the regulators argued would take more than 20 years to dig up . The Center agreed to narrow the scope of its request to records produced between 2010 and October 2014 as part of the settlement .
Truthout filed a much narrower FOIA request for recent Gulf fracking permits and permit applications in November , and the Center has criticized the government for dragging its feet in responding to both requests .
“ It seems like offshore fracking activities have been kept secret , and it makes one wonder what the agencies are trying to hide ; perhaps it is just their own failure to adequately regulate the oil industry , ” Center attorney Miyoko Sakashita told Truthout in April .
In response to Truthout 's request , regulators said that they do not keep a list of permits that include fracking operations , and while oil and gas companies may submit information on fracking when applying to complete operations at a well , there are “ no designated fields on any of our forms specifically for hydraulic fracturing information . ”
The regulators also said that federal law allows them to keep permits and applications under wraps for 90 days after oil or gas starts flowing from a well , or two years if the well does not go into production , presumably to protect proprietary business information .
Earlier this year , the Center and a Santa Barbara-based environmental group filed separate lawsuits against the federal government for allegedly approving fracking operations in the Santa Barbara Channel without reviewing the potential impacts fracking could have on marine life and coastal communities . A Truthout investigation brought widespread attention to fracking operations off the California coast in 2013 .
AFP/Getty Images
President Trump called Guam Gov . Eddie Calvo to express his support to the U.S. territory amid the threats of an imminent strike from North Korea . But the commander in chief told him not to worry because the threat of a nuclear attack would only help Guam woo tourists . Although the White House statement on the call was notoriously lacking in detail , the Republican governor posted a video of his end of the call , providing a unique glimpse in how Trump talks to other leaders .
“ I just wanted to pay my respects , and we are with you 1,000 percent . You are safe , ” Trump told Calvo at the beginning of the three-minute call . Calvo did n't hesitate to express his support as well . “ Mr . president , as the governor of Guam , representing the people of Guam , and as an American citizen , I have never felt more safe or so confident , with you at the helm , ” he said . “ So with all the criticism going on over there , from a guy that 's being targeted , we need a president like you , so I 'm just so thankful , and I 'm glad you 're holding the helm , sir . ”
Advertisement
Trump then went on to do what he does best—praise himself . “ They should have had me eight years ago , or at least somebody with my thought process , ” he said . “ Frankly , you could have said that about the last three presidents. ” Without any prompting , the commander in chief then told the Guam governor not to worry about the threats issued by North Korea because it was publicity . And Trump seems to believe there 's no such thing as bad publicity .
“ Eddie , I have to tell you , you 've become extremely famous . All over the world , they 're talking about Guam , and they 're talking about you , and I think—tourism , I can say this , your tourism , you 're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money , so I congratulate you , ” Trump said . “ It just looks like a beautiful place . ”
Calvo then spoke well about the place he governs , calling it “ paradise ” and told the president not to worry about the island 's tourism industry . “ We 've got 95 percent occupancy , and after all this stuff calms down , we 're going to have 110 percent occupancy , ” the governor said , seemingly sharing the same penchant for exaggeration as the president . Trump liked the way Calvo talked : “ You seem like a hell of guy . ”
Margaret Metcalfe , who runs Calvo 's Washington office , seemed to slightly disagree with the presidential assessment , telling the Washington Post that “ none of this is good publicity. ” Still , she emphasized that “ tourists are coming as normal. ” So far at least , it seems few tourists have canceled their vacations and the Guam Chamber of Commerce said earlier this week that “ it is business as usual . ”
Some in Guam were n't too happy about the way the two leaders casually discussed the island 's future . “ Listening to that call left me feeling disgusted , ” Andrea Nicole Grajek , a local artist from Dededo village , told the New York Times . “ I was so shocked I was actually crying . They 're leaders discussing a rise in fame and tourism , while the world is watching our island carefully to see if we 'll still be here tomorrow . ”
AKRON , Ohio -- Someone stole a Cleveland police officer 's personal car and service gun from the parking lot of the Interbelt Nite Club , police reports say .
Officer Howard Hart III , 27 , told Akron police he first noticed his car keys were missing about 2:30 a.m. Monday while walking from the dance floor to the bar , according to police reports .
Hart said he walked outside the club at the intersection of Howard Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard and noticed his 2011 Ford Fusion was missing , police reports say .
In the car was his service Glock 19 weapon . `` Cleveland OH PD '' is engraved on the gun , which was underneath the passenger seat .
Akron police noted Hart 's speech was slurred . No arrests have been made in the case .
Hart could be disciplined for failing to secure his service weapon , according to Cleveland police spokeswoman Sgt . Jennifer Ciaccia .
Hart was sworn in as a Cleveland police officer on Oct. 16 .
We determined the validity of current medical advice to avoid grapefruit juice consumption while taking 3 widely used statins . A daily glass of grapefruit juice increases blood levels of simvastatin and lovastatin by about 260 % if taken at the same time ( about 90 % if taken 12 hours apart ) , and atorvastatin by about 80 % ( whenever taken ) . Simvastatin 40 mg , lovastatin 40 mg , and atorvastatin 10 mg daily reduce low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol levels in a 60-year-old man with an LDL cholesterol of 4.8 mmol/L by 37 % , reducing ischemic heart disease risk by 61 % . When simvastatin or lovastatin are taken at the same time as grapefruit juice , the estimated reduction in LDL cholesterol is 48 % , and in heart disease is 70 % . If the juice is taken 12 hours before these statins , the reductions are , respectively , 43 % and 66 % , and for atorvastatin , 42 % and 66 % . The increased rhabdomyolysis risk from grapefruit juice consumption due to the increased effective statin dose is minimal compared with the greater effect in preventing heart disease . Grapefruit juice should not be contraindicated in people taking statins .
Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved .
1 4 8 7 6 5 4 2 1
Current work in progress . What I am working on is setting the curve for pod . Cards in the maybeboard are my `` sideboard . '' Please let me know if you have suggestions .
Grave Pact : I do n't know how effective this really is ... Exploring other recurring creature control options . Possibly Shriekmaw .
Genesis : I 'm not crazy about the extra 3CMC cost to recur . Not sure what I would replace with .
Spike Weaver : Considering replacing with something more aggressive .
1CMC Creatures ... ( 1 )
-Viscera Seer
2CMC Creatures ... ( 4 )
-Gaddock Teeg
-Qasali Pridemage
-Sakura-Tribe Elder
-Scavenging Ooze
3 CMC Creatures ... ( 8 )
-Eternal Witness
-Farhaven Elf
-Fleshbag Marauder
-Harmonic Sliver
-Knight of the Reliquary
- Necrotic Sliver
-Wood Elves
-Yavimaya Elder
4 CMC Creatures ... ( 6 )
-Disciple of Bolas
- False Prophet
-Mindslicer
-Oracle of Mul Daya
-Solemn Simulacrum
- Spike Weaver
5 CMC Creatures ... ( 5 )
-Puppeteer Clique
-Karmic Guide
-Genesis
-Reveillark
-Acidic Slime
6 CMC Creatures ... ( 4 )
-Duplicant
-Kokusho , the Evening Star
-Mikaeus , the Unhallowed
-Sun Titan
7 CMC Creatures ... ( 4 )
-Sheoldred , Whispering One
-Rune-Scarred Demon
-Elesh Norn , Grand Cenobite
-Avenger of Zendikar
8 CMC Creatures ... ( 2 )
-Ashen Rider
-Woodfall Primus
Avenger of Zendikar
Gaddock Teeg
Genesis Wave
Knight of the Reliquary
Kokusho , the Evening Star
Mindslicer
Spike Weaver
Ulamog , the Infinite Gyre
Bojuka Bog
Scavenging Ooze
Board Wipe : ( 5 )
Austere Command
Damnation
Wrath of God
False Prophet
Elesh Norn , Grand Cenobite
Permanant Removal : ( 4 )
Maelstrom Pulse
Beast Within
Ashen Rider
Necrotic Sliver
Creature Removal : ( 4 )
Path to Exile
Grave Pact
Fleshbag Marauder
Duplicant
Non-Creature Removal : ( 5 )
Krosan Grip
Acidic Slime
Harmonic Sliver
Qasali Pridemage
Woodfall Primus
Eternal Witness
Karmic Guide
Mikaeus , the Unhallowed
Genesis
Puppeteer Clique
Reveillark
Sheoldred , Whispering One
Sun Titan
Viscera Seer
High Market
Miren , the Moaning Well
Phyrexian Tower
Birthing Pod
Greater Good
Buried Alive
Demonic Tutor
Tooth and Nail
Eladamri 's Call
Entomb
Vampiric Tutor
Survival of the Fittest
Rune-Scarred Demon
Birthing Pod
Greater Good
Phyrexian Arena
Sylvan Library
Disciple of Bolas
Sensei 's Divining Top
Skullclamp
Cabal Coffers
Skyshroud Claim
Mirari 's Wake
Farhaven Elf
Oracle of Mul Daya
Sakura-Tribe Elder
Solemn Simulacrum
Wood Elves
Yavimaya Elder
Mirari 's Wake
Sol Ring
Krosan Verge
A Case for Unlockable Bootloaders : How Could Everyone Benefit ?
The reasons for why root access and unlocked bootloaders are useful and wanted are plentiful . Greater control , customization – if you 're visiting XDA , you 'll have heard them all dozens of times already . We know why we want it , but an argument that is usually left out is why it 's better for OEM 's to provide it .
OEM 's provide a service . Your device is a way to access that service , and whether you agree with the conclusion or not , you can see why they might want to limit your access to modify that service . However , there is a difference between modifying , tweaking and tinkering with your device to match your exact personal preferences and fixing genuine problems .
When I first received my S6 , it had horrendous battery life . During the first weekend , I averaged under two hours of screen-on time . It was a well designed , premium-feel device that I loved in every way , except that it was borderline unusable . In this particular case , I managed to fix it myself by manually installing a different version of Google Play Services , but if I had n't , the S6 would have been sent back and exchanged for an LG G4 . I would have gone on to tell anyone who asked that the S6 was a great device on paper , but unusable and that they should stay away from it .
Today , I 'm happy with it , but better support for Exynos chips and AOSP ROMs would make me continue with Samsung in the future . Now , in my case in particular , root was not necessary , but it would severely cut down the time it took for me to hunt down the source of the battery drain .
As it was , I first had to figure out why my phone went dead at noon . Plenty of screenshots of my limited battery information and many hours later , I knew it was because “ mobile radio active ” time was through the roof . Great news ! … . except , of course , for the fact that “ mobile radio active ” does n't really narrow it down , as it could be caused by anything that connects to the internet . A few factory resets , and attempts to disable every single pre-installed app one at a time to identify the source did nothing to stop the battery from draining in under 8 hours on standby . Trawling through everything I could find online , I eventually came upon a source claiming it might be a problem with a particular version of Google Play Services ( of course… ) .
So , after manually updating it to a newer version , it finally worked . A proper battery monitor would entirely cut out the process of identifying the problem , and rule out a number of options that instead had to ruled out through arduous trial and error . “ Companies like Sony have won the hearts of XDA users because of their respect for Android 's openness ”
“ Custom ROMs are why many of us carefully choose our phones , and power users are at the vanguard of Android ” Hell , getting rid of Touchwiz on KitKat was enticing enough that I was willing to haul around a DSLR camera ! There is an early version of CM13 available for the S6 , but like earlier unofficial Exynos CM ROMs , it is far from fully stable , and it 's not clear if it ever will be . Lackluster ROM performance on the Exynos devices means I 'll be unlikely to buy another Samsung device .
Furthermore , running CyanogenMod ( amongst other ROMs ) on my S4 is the reason I bought another Samsung in the first place . Once CM12 was even close to stable , it fixed as good as everything I disliked about it . So much so , I was more than willing to trade an ( at the time ) very good camera for early-2000 's webcam quality pictures , and I enjoy being able to just bring up my phone and being able to snap decent quality pictures when I 'm out and about .
Another aspect rarely mentioned is that the people requesting root methods and unlocked bootloaders are not the same people who would be swayed by the benefits of staying with an OEM-specific Android skin . Instead , they are precisely the type of customers that are more than willing to swap to a competitor that caters to their needs . True , allowing us to root and flash ROMs means we 're more likely to keep the device for longer ( and thus buy fewer products in the long run ) , and one could argue that we 're also more likely to continue with that brand in the future . A recent example is Sony , as the company 's recent development-centric approach has won the hearts of many of us at XDA .
Brand loyalty is hardly a new concept , and you want to keep your customer happy because of your decisions , not in spite of them . However , such a decision might cause issues with any deals regarding pre-installed software to go awry . Adding roadblocks to root access as a way of maintaining otherwise unsustainable business models is not something we as customers should reward . A prime example is locking hotspot access behind a paywall ; a feature that – usually – comes with the phone , yet carriers get away by removing or restricting it by not allowing users to circumvent the roadblocks through root methods .
There are counterarguments , though . First , it is very likely that wanting unlocked bootloaders and having a severe distaste for bloatware coincide . Secondly , devices that are “ repaired ” by users themselves saves money for everyone . In many countries , OEM 's are required under law to either repair , replace or give back the money in case the device is not working as it should . In the EU , that warranty spans at least two years by law . Additionally , rooting your device will usually mean voiding any warranty claims . True , it might be possible to circumvent it by unrooting , but if you end up in a bootloop ( reading this , you 've most likely experienced the horror of a bootloop at least once ) , can not fix it and have to send it in for repairs – they have the right to refuse to repair or replace it . Moreover , demanding payment to access features on a device that is already there has caused US carriers in particular to have an international reputation of – shall we say – “ not great ” business practices . Allowing root , full control and access to what you have already paid for is marketing and PR kryptonite , especially when your competitors do not . That goes for OEMs and carriers alike .
So which conclusions can be drawn ? Giving more control to the users is not guaranteed to translate into financial gain . What we can be certain of , however , is that it would be a show of goodwill . For OEM 's ( and carriers who use their own version of the most common devices ) , it could cut down repair costs and make the product more desirable to us enthusiasts . I do n't think I 'm alone in that , being the resident Android-nut in my family and circle of friends , I 'm usually asked for opinions before purchase .
Bad business practices are not exactly generating word-of-mouth marketing . But that should n't be seen as a threat – rather , a huge potential for free advertising… And all arguments thus far are given under the assumption that giving customers what they want does n't carry enough weight on its own . If there needs to be a financial benefit to do the right thing , so be it . There just might be .
How could OEMs cater to power users without endangering their business model ? Is it easier , or harder than it seems ? Discuss below !
OpenRCT2
Download for openSUSE Vendor : independent
Developer : OpenRCT2 develoeprs
License : GPL
Web : http : //openrct2.org
OpenRCT2 is a reverse engineered Open Source reimplementation of Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 .
Installation
Game Data
If you bought the game at GOG then install innoextract and download the Windows installer .
Roller Coaster Tycoon 2
The RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 : Triple Thrill Pack is mandatory . Extract it 's contents with
innoextract setup_rollercoaster_tycoon2_2.0.0.6.exe
The game contents are in the app folder . Move it to a place of your liking . The game will ask you for this location at first startup .
Roller Coaster Tycoon
RollerCoaster Tycoon : Deluxe is optional .
To extract it run
innoextract setup_rollercoaster_tycoon_deluxe_2.1.0.18.exe
Again move it to a place of your liking . Go to the in-game settings and choose the folder where you placed it . After a restart the original campaign will be available to you .
With the Great British Summer looming , may we present to you the latest trailer for Top Gear TV .
And it kicks off , as any self-respecting British summer should , with a rain-soaked seaside resort . Chris and Matt have never looked happier than when visiting Blackpool…
It also contains many excellent things from sunnier climes , mind . Things like Ariel 's Nomad in the glorious Moroccan sunshine , a road trip with star guests Seasick Steve , Sharleen Spiteri and Tinie Tempah , and Chris Harris going flat out in the raucous Aston Martin Vulcan at the Abu Dhabi GP circuit .
There 's also a rather gorgeous Ferrari 250 GT TdF and Ford Mustang thrown in for good measure , too .
Have a watch of the trailer above , and stay tuned to TopGear.com for more info on the new show very soon…
There 's no military conflict between China and Japan – nor , really , even a threat of so much as a minor skirmish . But there is a constant volley of harsh words , a chain of linguistic clashes that has , now , become a globe-trotting affair . Most recently , the two countries exchanged ( un ) pleasantries on Swiss stages at the World Economic Forum in Davos . And China has made clear that , come the Sochi Olympics , its leaders will have no contact with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , after he visited Tokyo 's controversial Yasukuni Shrine and rekindled animosity between the two countries .
Mr. Abe is unapologetic , and observers have suggested the rift is unlikely to close until he leaves office . That could be a few years yet .
There appears to be little cause for hope .
Story continues below advertisement
But maybe there is . History suggests the times of the sharpest dispute between the two countries tend to result in the most meaningful resolution . And Japan , both publicly and behind closed doors , is working hard to mend frayed relations , and quickly .
Indeed , among those most hopeful about improving ties are officials in Japan 's own Ministry of Foreign Affairs . They stand at the front lines of the Asian `` cold war '' – and they suggest a breakthrough might be possible .
The reason ? Some time in the fall ( the date has not yet been set ) , China will play host to APEC meetings . Mr. Abe will `` certainly visit Beijing '' at the time , one official said in a background briefing with the Globe and Mail . `` And there could be some bilateral [ meeting ] at that time . ''
That does n't leave much time to sort things out , given China has quite publicly said it has no interest in high-level talks between the two countries . Earlier this month , China 's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said : `` He himself has closed the door of dialogue between China and Japan . The Chinese people do n't welcome him . '' And it may be more a reflection of Japanese optimism than reality . But it 's also a marching order from Mr. Abe himself , who on Tuesday in Tokyo reiterated : `` I am actively seeking contact with China and South Korea . ''
For Japan 's diplomatic workers , then , the mandate is clear : try to be soothing .
`` We will try not to create any unexpected situations . No incidents . No conflicts , '' the official said . `` We have this [ APEC ] diplomatic date in mind and we try to improve the relations by then . ''
Such an outcome seems , on the face of it , difficult to fathom – at least not without some significant statement from Mr. Abe to mollify China . And Mr. Abe has seen domestic gains from tweaking Beijing , not least in a bump in popularity polls .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But there is precedent for the unexpected between the two nations . Friction may be long-standing , but so are attempts at resolution . Before a late 2012 flareup over East China Sea islands both countries claim , negotiators had nearly completed an agreement to formalize Sino-Japanese contact over military matters . The deal would have seen regular meetings between ministry of defence officials , a hotline between the People 's Liberation Army and Japan 's Self-Defense Forces , and a mechanism for those forces to communicate on water and in the air . That deal was abandoned when the government of Japan said it had signed a deal to buy the disputed islands , and no talks have since taken place . But the text still exists of what could form an important blueprint for agreement .
Students of the island dispute say there is reason to believe some sort of détente – even co-operation – is again possible . One is James Manicom , a research fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation in Waterloo . He has written a book on the subject : `` Bridging Troubled Waters . ''
`` A lot of people think I 'm nuts because I 'm actually optimistic about the China-Japan maritime relationship . Nobody believes me , '' he said at a recent speech in Tokyo . The long-standing marine territory dispute between the two countries is `` a story about confrontation , it 's a story about brinksmanship , but at the end of the day it 's also a story about co-operation . ''
And , he says , the past 20 years have shown that `` co-operation follows crisis . '' There 's no denying that crisis has once again arrived .
Mr. Manicom 's observations are instructive , too , for the broader relationship between Tokyo and Beijing – although any hope must be tempered by the reality that `` co-operation '' is very different from `` agreement . ''
`` The best that you can hope for is a very informal , very flimsy , very tacit effort at dispute avoidance , '' Mr. Manicom said . `` That 's not great , that 's not the western model of preferring a formal institutionalized , robust settlement , perhaps . I just do n't see that happening . But I am optimistic that China and Japan can avoid conflict . ''
`` Big Little Lies '' is taking over Sunday nights with a big new murder mystery , which inspired us to ask critics which favorite shows made them say , `` Whodunit ? ''
Every week , IndieWire asks a select handful of TV critics two questions and publishes the results on Tuesday . ( The answer to the second , “ What is the best show currently on TV ? ” can be found at the end of this post . )
This week 's question : What is your favorite murder mystery show ?
Erik Adams ( @ ErikMAdams ) , A.V . Club
It has to be “ Twin Peaks , ” right ? I 'm one of those annoying people who insists the show is so much more than “ Who killed Laura Palmer ? ” , but that is our entry point to David Lynch and Mark Frost 's weird little world , and the question that briefly made “ Twin Peaks ” a pop-culture phenomenon . And the chapters of the series that deal with finding Laura 's murderer are some of the most compelling , from the dream-sequence enhanced “ Zen , Or The Skill To Catch A Killer ” or the eventual solution to the mystery , a network-mandated move that nonetheless features some of the most horrific imagery to ever appear on broadcast TV . I 'm more a fan of the forest that surrounds “ Twin Peaks , ” but the strand of trees comprising the Palmer murder should n't be discounted .
Alan Sepinwall ( @ sepinwall ) , HitFix on Uproxx
I 'm inclined to name either “ Columbo ” or “ Homicide : Life on the Street , ” but the former revealed the killer 's identity even before Peter Falk showed up in each episode , while the latter was usually much more interested in showing how Pembleton and company elicited confessions than in traditional sleuthing . In terms of my favorite murder mystery where there was a clear and long-lasting question of whodunit , I have to go with Season 1 of “ Veronica Mars , ” which spread out the question of who killed Lilly Kane over 22 incredibly satisfying episodes , did n't cheat or lean too much on red herrings ( I 'm looking at you , “ The Killing ” ) , and felt even stronger in hindsight than it did from week to week .
Gail Pennington ( @ gailpennington ) , St. Louis Post-Dispatch
I was obsessed with the original “ Twin Peaks ” back in the day , but not because of the murder mystery . I honestly do n't remember “ who killed Laura Palmer , ” but I loved the dark , funny weirdness and strange characters and Agent Dale Cooper , who was so odd and attractive .
But contemporary murder mysteries really refine the genre and take it , as they say , to a new level . I 'm thinking Season 1 of “ Broadchurch , ” “ Bron/Broen ” and “ The Tunnel , ” “ The Fall , ” “ Top of the Lake , ” even “ Grantchester. ” My favorite murder mystery ever ( at least right now ) is “ Happy Valley , ” which I binged in its entirety in a single day . In Season 1 , there is n't even a murder , but there 's the aftermath of a suicide , an abduction and a complicated , rotten-to-the-core villain . Best of all , there is the fantastic Sarah Lancashire as a police sergeant who refuses to be broken . Season 2 is just as good , and it even has an actual murder .
Moviestore/REX/Shutterstock
Eric Deggans ( @ deggans ) , NPR
Dating myself here , but I always thought “ Columbo ” was one of the last great network TV mystery series to feature crimes entertaining enough to fill an hour , logical enough for the audience to follow along ( and maybe even guess the perpetrator ) and inventive enough to keep you guessing without feeling like they had stacked the deck with an impossibly complex crime . In modern times , of course , “ Sherlock ” is a wonderful whodunit series when it deigns to stoop that low . But its ambitions are so obviously broad , that the crimes are nearly impossible for mere viewers to keep up with , especially after the second season . And , at the risk of ceding this space mostly to the Brits , my final vote goes to the first season of “ Broadchurch , ” which had the benefit of exploring one crime over eight episodes , and excavating the underbelly of a small , British seaside town in the process .
Todd VanDerWerff ( @ tvoti ) , Vox.com
To me “ murder mystery show ” implies that we 're going to be solving a murder once a week ( or , in the case of the occasional two-parter , once every two weeks ) . For as interesting as many of the “ one case per season ” shows can be , give me a crackerjack detective and a careful consideration of the evidence any day . I had a real phase where I was into original flavor “ CSI ” for several seasons , and there 's a cozy charm to “ Murder , She Wrote. ” But you ca n't go wrong with Peter Falk as “ Columbo , ” perhaps the wittiest TV detective of them all . Falk played the role for decades , returning to it every so often for a handful of episodes , like he was a British TV star or something , and it 's easy to see why . He plays this rumpled , middle-aged ( and eventually elderly ) man with a winking certainty . He 's a wrecking ball coming to destroy anything criminals might try to get away with .
“ Columbo ” rather smartly shifts the format of the typical TV mystery , so you know whodunit from the earliest moments of an episode , then watch as Columbo unravels every knot the criminals tie frantically a few steps in front of him . This has the weird effect of making Columbo almost the antagonist , the guy who 's come to foil the hero 's goal , until you step back and remember that , right , you want Columbo to trap the bad guys in their lies . When he finally does , muttering , “ There 's just one thing , ” it never fails to be great fun , especially because Falk is exactly the guy you want on your side when the chips are down .
Liz Shannon Miller ( @ lizlet ) , IndieWire
An underseen favorite from the early ‘ 90s , the ITV series “ Cracker ” looked at crime and punishment through the lens of psychology , and featured an amazing anchoring performance by Robbie Coltrane . But unless you have the streaming service Acorn , it 's not viewable online , so instead I 'll say that there are certain eras of “ Law & Order ” that are soothing binges . ( Sam Waterston and Jesse L. Martin , now and forever and always . )
Anonymous Content/Lee Caplin/REX/Shutterstock
Allison Keene ( @ KeeneTV ) , Collider
I am a murder mystery series junkie . Not only do I binge/devour any show with a central crime component , I will also watch the original “ Law & Order ” any time I catch it on cable — which is always , because it 's never not on . If a mystery series is set in London or an English hamlet with a quirky set of townsfolk , all the better , but I 'm not picky .
Though I 'm tempted to choose something like “ Sherlock ” ( early seasons only ) or even “ Rectify ” for my favorite of all time , my heart is going with a more controversial choice : “ True Detective ” Season 1 .
Sure I know people have problems with it , but for me it just really nailed its Southern gothic setting , and Cary Fukunaga 's directing was both dreamlike and nightmarish . I watched and re-watched episodes looking for clues . The acting was top-notch , the mystery was dark and twisted , and the whole season had a surprising and strange supernatural tinge to it . But more than anything , I loved the obsessive theories and the Reddit forums , and the build-up to each new episode . Whether you thought it stuck the landing or not ( It worked for me ) , the whole experience was exhilarating .
( Honorable Mention : The first season of “ Serial , ” which being a radio show may not count , but it was an engrossing and culturally sweeping experience similar to “ True Detective ” — even though ultimately the reality and injustice of Hae Min Lee 's death made it a depressing experience as well ) .
Daniel Fienberg ( @ TheFienPrint ) , The Hollywood Reporter
Not surprisingly , I 'm going to cheat and divide my answer into two categories . On the non-fiction side , “ The Jinx ” is a fascinating portrait of an inexplicably cooperative potential killer , intrepid filmmakers trying to corner him into telling the truth and the gigantic holes in the justice system that the wealthy find themselves able to hide in . It 's a harrowing unfolding story told with chilling confidence . [ But also watch “ The Staircase. ” ] On the fiction front , Dennis Potter 's reality-warping period musical “ The Singing Detective ” is n't exactly a mystery , but it 's definitely not not a mystery . The whodunit of it all is secondary to the “ What the heck is actually happening ? ” of it all , with Michael Gambon giving one of the best performances in the medium 's history as a writer/gumshoe whose skin problems make that guy from “ The Night Of ” look like a whining piker . [ But also watch the original “ State of Play . ” ]
Joyce Eng ( @ joyceng61 ) , TVGuide.com
“ Harper 's Island ” — This show was too good for and also did n't belong on CBS , which did n't know what it had back in 2009 before the anthology/limited series craze . “ Harper 's ” was fun , addictive , suspenseful , did n't take itself too seriously and had the best deaths . Where else would you find half of Harry Hamlin hanging through a bridge ?
CBS
April Neale ( @ aprilmac ) , Monsters & Critics
“ Hawaii Five-O ” – The CBS original that ran from 1968 to 1980 . I was obsessed the first FOUR years of its run as a young kid .
Originally I was going to say “ The Avengers ” ( Diana Rigg original ) but honestly , I just wanted to look exactly like her ( and Julie Newmar 's Catwoman ) as an adult . The actual story never really grabbed me and the setting for that series was as cold , grey and dreary as my New England seaside town .
So when “ Hawaii Five-O ” hit the screen , wow ! There was nothing more exotic and exciting than “ Hawaii Five-O ” for any kid ( or adult ) . Remember , at the beginning of this series it was the dark ages of the smallscreen . We only had four TV channels and had just got a color TV in 1968 to boot which really sold this series .
Watching Jack Lord as Det . Steve McGarrett , James MacArthur as Det . Dan “ Danno ” Williams , Kam Fong as Det . Chin Ho Kelly , and Zulu as Det . Kono Kalakaua ( he left in 1972 ) fight crime was perfect escapism for a place that had zero Hawaiians and even fewer sugar sand beaches with palm trees . The guest stars were always top notch actors too .
The lush locale , the exposure to a state that was wildly different from mine , the hilarious episodic titles such as ‘ Wednesdays Ladies Free , ” “ Forty Feet High , and It Kills ! ” or “ Three Dead Cows at Makapuu , ” I mean , come on ! Plus that powerful theme music really defined television drama in an era where all of us endured real breaking news daily with Harry Reasoner and Walter Cronkite reporting on shocking assassinations and bringing battlefield scenes from the Vietnam War to us at the dinner hour . This escapist murder mystery was really well received ( and needed ) in the very beginning .
It was no coincidence that one of the most popular restaurants that sprang up in the Greater Boston area in the late ‘ 50s was the famous Kowloon restaurant and Tiki Bar ( still there and going strong ) where they recreated the inside of the restaurant like a replica of an interior set from that TV series . “ Hawaii Five-O 's ” popularity rubbed off on that place big time in the 1960s and ‘ 70s , the place was always standing room only in the early years of the show .
I still love pupu platters and Tiki drinks .
Ben Travers ( @ BenTTravers ) , IndieWire
As tempted as I am to simply respond with “ let the mystery be , ” such advice , at times , can not be taken . Case in point , “ True Detective ” ( Season 1 , of course ) and “ Dexter ” ( also Season 1 ) deserve all the props they get ( including any shout-outs on this list ) . Yet it was n't the mystery that hooked me so deeply into either show : “ True Detective ” thrived on atmosphere and chemistry , while “ Dexter ” was best when fully engaging in its black comic nature .
So I 'm going to go with an ongoing narrative : “ Archer ” has been tackling the weighty question of morality with an animated character many assumed was immortal prior to Season 7 . It 's a delicious twist for a series born from spoofing the truly immortal James Bond , and it 's only made better by our inherent assumption that animated characters can live forever . Though Adam Reed planted the seed of doubt a year prior ( when Archer was confronted by Lana about his reckless attitude after they had a baby together ) , “ Archer ” dove head first into the dilemma last season…to surprising and exciting new ends . Starting with Archer face-down in a pool and ending with him bleeding to death in Lana 's arms , we 're all now waiting to see how “ Archer : Dreamland ” wraps up : double-O dead or alive ?
A good mystery does n't have to end when the killer is found — though that kicker was pretty good in Season 7 — and “ Archer ” is in the middle of proving great satire can go where its initial subject never did : the afterlife .
Q : What is the best show currently on TV ? *
A : “ Legion ”
Other contenders : “ Baskets ” ( two votes ) , “ Big Little Lies , ” “ Black-ish , ” “ The Good Fight , ” “ Man Seeking Woman , ” “ The Magicians , ” “ This Is Us ” ( 1 vote each )
* In the case of streaming , the show must have premiered in the past month .
Stay on top of the latest TV news ! Sign up for our TV email newsletter here .
Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
HARRIS COUNTY , Texas - A Harris County inmate who claims he was assaulted by deputies for smiling during his booking photo was in court Monday morning .
Christopher Johnson 's attorney requested more time to prepare before trial , and he said they will be back in court Dec. 12 . The trial is regarding the DWI with which Johnson is charged .
Johnson is suing the Harris County Sheriff 's Office after , he said , two county employees grabbed him by the neck and choked him for 30 seconds because he smiled .
Johnson was arrested on July 25 , 2015 , on suspicion of drunken driving . His attorneys are seeking compensation for the incident , saying it caused Johnson `` significant pain and mental anguish . ''
Court documents said a deputy demanded Johnson stop smiling while taking the pictures .
Collection of previous Christopher Johnson mug shots .
`` Man , take the picture right , '' the deputy said , according to court documents .
Johnson responded , `` What are you talking about ? This is how I always take pictures . ''
Investigators said the deputy continued to tell Johnson to stop smiling .
`` Well , I 'll tell you what , if you do n't stop smiling , we 're going to make you stop smiling , '' one deputy was quoted as saying .
According to court records , three officers held Johnson by the neck for about 30 seconds -- making it difficult for him to breathe or smile -- as a fourth jail employee snapped the picture .
After the final picture was taken , investigators said Johnson asked to be treated for pain in his neck and was told to sit down and be quiet .
KPRC 2 spoke with Johnson Monday after he got out of court . He only spoke briefly before walking away .
`` I was not intoxicated , and I 'm just waiting on my day in court , '' Johnson said .
KPRC 2 News followed up with his attorney , Morris Overstreet , and asked him about the booking photo incident .
`` I would hate to think that that 's standard procedure in jail , '' Overstreet said . `` The person was handcuffed , and I do n't see how they can justify assistance in that regard . ''
The Harris County Sheriff 's Office said , `` It is not uncommon for detention personnel to assist impaired or uncooperative detainees during the booking photo process . And that there is no policy or procedure that prohibits smiling during the booking photo process . ''
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up-to-date with the latest news while you 're on the go .
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news , sports , entertainment , contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox .
Copyright 2016 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
LOS ANGELES – Stating that this is the time of year he has come to dread the most , Mr. T has once again found himself “ disgusted ” by the sheer number of fools in need of pitying he 's encountered today .
“ On an average day I pity anywhere from eight to fifteen fools , ” Mr. T said . “ But on April 1st , my quota goes up significantly . In the last hour alone I 've pitied 53 fools . I 'll probably pity over 400 fools before the day 's end . It 's more than one man can bear . ”
Although Mr. T 's estimates are anecdotal , a study recently published by Princeton University confirms that fool-pitying has increased exponentially over the last several decades to keep up with societal trends , with surges coming every April 1st . Experts point to reality TV , man buns , YouTube comment threads , vaping and the anti-gluten movement as being responsible for the recent spikes .
“ Yeah , I read their report , ” Mr. T said . “ It was impressive , but it failed to take into account the meteoric rise of Donald Trump in the political arena . A lot of pitiful fools responsible for that . ”
While April Fools ' Day has come to represent negative emotions for him , the entertainer says at one time he embraced the holiday with open arms , but sees no return to that state any time soon .
“ It used to be this was sort of my day , and I went all-out , ” Mr. T said . “ But when you 're pitying fools left and right as it is , and the entire country keeps coming across fools to pity , the whole thing starts to lose its luster . ”
“ As a young man I thought the party would never end . I guess I 'm the fool I should be pitying . ”
From Wikipedia
Theodor Gilbert Morell Born July 22 , 1886
Trais-Münzenberg , Germany Died May 26 , 1948 ( aged 61 )
Tegernsee , Bavaria , Germany Occupation medical doctor Known for treating Adolf Hitler
Theodor Gilbert Morell ( July 22 , 1886 – May 26 , 1948 ) was German Führer Adolf Hitler ‘ s personal physician . Morell was well known in Germany for his unconventional treatments . Morell had medical training and was licensed as a general practitioner in Germany long before he met Hitler .
Early life
Morell was the second son of a primary school teacher , born and raised in a small village called Trais-Münzenberg in UpperHesse . Morell 's paternal ancestry was of Frisian origin prior to the 12th century . He studied medicine in Grenoble and Paristhen trained in obstetrics and gynaecology in Munich beginning in 1910 . By 1913 , he had a doctoral degree and was fully licensed as a medical doctor . After a year serving as an assistant doctor on cruise ships , he bought a practice in Dietzenbach . He served at the front during World War I , then as a medical officer . By 1919 , he was in Berlin with a medical practice and in 1920 married Hannelore “ Hanni ” Moller , a wealthy actress . He targeted unconventional treatments at an upscale market and eventually turned down invitations to be personal physician to both the Shah of Persia and the King of Romania .
Morell claimed to have studied under Nobel Prize-winning bacteriologist Ilya Mechnikov , along with having taught medicine at prestigious universities , and sometimes called himself “ professor ” . He also owned significant interests in several medium-sized European pharmaceutical companies . Morell had joined the Nazi party in 1933 . [ 1 ]
Hitler 's physician
During a party at the Berghof near Berchtesgaden , Hitler first met Morell , who said he could cure him within a year . Morell 's wife was unhappy when he accepted the job as Hitler 's personal physician . Morell began treating Hitler with various commercial preparations , including a combination of vitamins and hydrolyzed E. coli bacteriacalled Multiflor . Hitler seemed to recover , and Morell eventually became a part of Hitler 's social inner circle , remaining there until shortly before the war ended . Some historians have attempted to explain this association by citing Morell 's reputation in Germany for success in treating syphilis , along with Hitler 's own ( speculated ) fears of the disease , which he associated closely with Jews . Other observers have commented on the possibility Hitler had visible symptoms of both Parkinson 's disease and syphilis , especially towards the end of the war .
As Hitler 's physician , Morell was constantly recommended to other members of the Nazi leadership , but most of them , including Hermann Goering and Heinrich Himmler , immediately dismissed him as a quack . As Albert Speer related in his autobiography :
“ In 1936 , when my circulation and stomach rebelled…I called at Morell 's private office . After a superficial examination…Morell prescribed for me his intestinal bacteria , dextrose , vitamins , and hormone tablets. “ “ For safety 's sake I afterward had a thorough examination by Professor von Bergmann , the specialist in internal medicine at Berlin University . I was not suffering from any organic trouble , he concluded , but only from nervous symptoms caused by overwork. “ “ I slowed down my pace as best I could and the symptoms abated . To avoid offending Hitler I pretended that I was carefully following Morell 's instructions , and since my health improved , I became for a time Morell 's showpiece. ” ( Albert Speer , Inside the Third Reich , 1970 ) .
When Hitler had trouble with grogginess in the morning , Morell would inject him with a solution of water mixed with a substance from several small , gold-foiled packets , which he called “ Vitamultin ” whereupon Hitler would get up refreshed and invigorated . A member of Himmlers SS acquired one of these and had it tested in a laboratory , where it was found to contain mephamphetamine .
Speer characterized Morell as an opportunist who , once he achieved status as Hitler 's physician , became extremely careless and lazy in his work ; one who was more concerned with money and status rather than providing medical assistance .
Goering called Morell Der Reichsspritzenmeister , a nickname that stuck . This term does not have a precise English translation . Among the translations of this nickname are “ Injection Master of the German Reich “ , or Reichmaster of Injections “ The Reich 's Injections Impresario ” ( Junge , Until the Final Hour ) , and “ The Master of the Imperial Needle ” ( O'Donnell , The Bunker ) . When this term is translated , its underlying meaning is the same—it implied that Morell always resorted to using injections and drugs when faced with a medical problem , and that he overused these drug injections .
Morell developed a rivalry with Dr. Karl Brandt , who had been attending Hitler since 1933 . The two often argued , though Hitler usually sided with Morell . Eva Braun later changed her opinion of Morell , calling his office a “ pig sty ” and refusing to see him any more .
In 1939 , Morell inadvertently became involved with the forced annexation of Czechoslovakia . The Czechoslovakian president , Emil Hacha , became so scared at Hitler 's outburst that he fainted . Morell injected stimulants into Hacha to wake him , and although he claimed these were only vitamins , they may have includedmethamphetamine . Hacha soon gave in to Hitler 's demands .
After the 20 July 1944 assassination attempt against Hitler , Morell treated him with topical penicillin , which had only recently been introduced into testing by the U.S. Army . Where he acquired it is unknown , and Morell claimed complete ignorance of penicillin when he was interrogated by American intelligence officers after the war . When members of Hitler 's inner circle were interviewed for the book The Bunker , some claimed Morell owned a significant share in a company fraudulently marketing a product as penicillin .
By April 1945 , Hitler was taking 28 different pills a day , along with numerous injections ( including many of glucose ) every few hours and intravenous injections of methamphetamine almost every day .
On 22 April 1945 , about a week before committing suicide , Hitler dismissed Morell from the Führerbunker in Berlin , saying that he did not need any more medical help . Morell left behind a large amount of prepared medicine ; during the last week of Hitler 's life , they were administered by Dr. Werner Haase and by Heinz Linge , Hitler'svalet .
Death
Morell escaped Berlin on one of the last German flights out of the city but was soon captured by the Americans . One of his interrogators was reportedly “ disgusted ” by his obesity and complete lack of hygiene . Although he was held in an American internment camp , on the site of the former Buchenwald concentration camp , and questioned because of his proximity to Hitler , Morell was never charged with any crimes . His health declined rapidly . Grossly obese and suffering from speech impairment , he died in Tegernsee on May 26 , 1948 after a stroke .
Substances given to Hitler
Morell kept a medical diary of the drugs , tonics , vitamins and other substances he administered to Hitler , usually by injection or in pill form . Most were commercial preparations , some were his own . Since some of these compounds are considered toxic , many historians have speculated Morell may have contributed to Hitler 's poor health . This fragmentary list of representative ingredients would have seemed somewhat less shocking during the 1940s :
Morell apparently never told Hitler ( or anyone else ) what he was administering , other than to say the preparations contained various vitamins and “ natural ” ingredients—although this is discredited , as Hitler knew what was being administered . Some ingredients were later confirmed by doctors who had been shown pills by Hitler while temporarily treating him . A few of the preparations ( such as Glyconorm , a tonic popular in Switzerland for fighting infections ) contained rendered forms of animal tissues such as placenta , cardiac muscle , liver and bull testicles . During his interrogation after the war , Morell claimed another doctor had prescribed cocaine to Hitler , and at least one other doctor is known to have administered it through eyedrops after he requested it in the hours following an almost successful assassination attempt on 20 July 1944 . Cocaine was routinely used for medical purposes in Germany during that time , but Morell is said to have increased the dosage tenfold ; despite this , the concentration was still weak , as the eyedrops were only 1 % cocaine . Overuse of cocaine eyedrops has been associated with psychotic behavior , hypertension and other symptoms ; given the weak dosage , it is more likely they were caused by Methamphetamine , of which these are also common symptoms . However , historians have generally tended to discount any effects of Morell 's treatments on Hitler 's decision-making .
Morell was subject to many accusations by members of Hitler 's inner circle . Several people claimed he regularly injected Hitler with morphine without telling him , and that Morell himself was a morphine addict . Some went so far as to claim Morell used Hitler as a “ guinea pig ” for several of the drugs he tried to develop and sell , but these latter claims were made by people without medical backgrounds and may not be reliable .
With another big night that extended his winning streak to ten contests , Barack Obama made March 4th as irrelevant as he possibly could have .
How likely was such a scenario in the morning of February 6th ? After Super Tuesday , the two candidates looked to be stuck in a stalemate with no end in sight . We knew that Obama was favored to win the rest of the February voting states , but such a sweep was supposed to be quickly erased by losses on March 4th , prolonging the primary into a drawn-out battle for each delegate .
Instead , Obama has done much more than hold his serve in the ten contests that have taken place since February 5th . He not only swept every single one of them , but he did so with astonishing ease , crushing her repeatedly and opening up a wide pledged delegate lead . Obama faced high expectations , and was not necessarily going to get much credit even from a victory , but he exceeded them in almost every single contest - a truly remarkable accomplishment .
Obama 's victory in Wisconsin tonight is a dramatic exclamation point to this series . All pollsters ( even ARG ) had Obama leading in the state , but the conventional wisdom held that the race would remain competitive . After all , the Clinton campaign seemed determined to keep the race tight in a way they had not attempted in the last few voting states .
Wisconsin 's demographics also appeared to favor neither Clinton nor Obama , making this contest particularly interesting . On the one hand , Wisconsin 's electorate is particularly receptive to anti-war and populist arguments ( it is not a coincidence that Howard Dean chose Wisconsin as his last stand in 2004 ) ; it also has a significant student population . On the other hand , the state has a significant working-class population , a group that Clinton had relied on until recently to carry her to victories .
Considering the momentum Obama has been riding in recent weeks , it was logical to expect that the Illinois Senator would win Wisconsin tonight . But the size of his victory - 58 % to 41 % -- was not expected . Clinton will have a very difficult time justifying this defeat considering that she made an effort to limit her losses here . Her strategy of more aggressive contrasts , in particular , does not seem to have been fruitful at all - and that will certainly influence the way the campaign approaches Texas and Ohio .
More importantly , the exit polls reveal that Obama might be breaking the stalemate the Democratic campaign had been in for some time now . Week after week , different constituencies were barely shifting their allegiance , guaranteeing tight elections and preventing any sense of resolution from emerging . But in Wisconsin , Obama has also struck at the heart of Hillary Clinton 's base , improving his standing among her core constituencies .
He tied her among women , riding a 36 % lead among men ( and a massive gender gap ) to victory ) . He prevailed comfortably among the least educated voters - even High School graduates - as well as across income groups . Clinton still polls fares better the lower a voter 's family income , but she can no longer rely on voters making less than $ 50,000 to rescue her . Obama even came out with a healthy 7 % lead among registered Democrats .
At the same time , Obama 's advance among groups that were already supporting him keeps growing . 70 % of voters between the age of 18 and 29 voted for him , as well as 91 % of African-Americans ( Obama has only recently started passing the 90 % threshold among the black vote ) .
Obama looks to have finally found the key to appealing to Clinton 's key constituencies , and the New York Senator will be in a world of trouble on March 4th if she does not find a way to motivate women and the working-class ( as well as Latinos , whom she depends on heavily in Texas ) . The first signs of this trend had appeared in the Potomac Primary , but Wisconsin has made it that much more dramatic .
Boosted also by his huge victory in the Hawaii caucuses ( 74 % to 26 % , which should represent a 14 to 6 delegate splits according to my calculations ) , Obama has built on his pledged delegate lead . Campaign Diaries ' most recent count gives him 1189 to Clinton 's 1041 , with 9 outstanding . This alone makes March 4th as irrelevant as Obama could have dreamt it of being on the morning of February 6th : Clinton needs to win Ohio and Texas to stay alive , and she needs to do so by margins significant enough that she can cut in Obama 's delegate lead . But even big Clinton victories - and it is unclear how she could rise high at this point , given her decline among the groups she is the most dependent on - will not worry the Obama camp too much . A 148 delegate lead can not be lost that easily , and there still are plenty of states voting that Obama is confident will allow him to build on his delegate lead ( Mississippi , Wyoming , for instance ) .
Hillary Clinton still has two major opportunities to stop Obama 's march towards the nomination . There are two debates coming up , the first one this Thursday in Texas , and Clinton believes that she has an advantage in this format that could allow her to at best regain some ground and ride strong performances to big victories , and at worst to change the storyline and halt Obama 's momentum . These two upcoming debates should certainly not be dismissed . After all , there have been plenty of debates that have profoundly altered the state of the race so far in this contest - October 's Philadelphia debate that marked the beginning of Clinton 's decline , January 5th New Hampshire debate after which the women vote rallied around the New York Senator , the South Carolina slugfest helped Obama get a massive victory on January 19th , and the California debate a few days before Super Tuesday allowed Hillary to stop the bleeding and hold her own on February 5th .
And Clinton did get one piece of good news tonight . In the Washington primary , Clinton only trails Obama by 3 % , 49 % to 46 % . At this time , the contest has not yet been called . Unfortunately for Hillary , there are no delegates awarded out of this contest , so she once again can point to a beauty contest to reassuring news , but the hope she had out of this primary had nothing to do with delegates . Ten days ago , Obama trounced Clinton in the Washington caucuses - 68 % to 31 % . The Clinton campaign has been working to argue that caucuses are undemocratic processes in which only a small number of voters can participate , leaving many disenfranchised . Since Obama got many of his biggest wins ( and thus a lot of his edge in delegate ) from caucuses , the Clinton campaign has been hoping to discredit Obama 's pledged delegate lead by questioning the validity of caucuses .
Now , the Clinton campaign will have evidence to back up its claim . A 37 % humiliation in the February 9th caucus has become a too close to call contest , in what is right now a 34 % swing . And turnout has been very strong - superior to the Republican primary turnout , and the GOP was awarding delegates tonight . It is hard to entirely dismiss the numbers from Washington , just as it is difficult to ignore Florida 's . And look for Clinton to press the anti-caucus charge in the coming days .
Ultimately , this is not an argument for voters but for superdelegates . As it is looking increasingly likely that Clinton will not be able to catch up Obama 's lead among pledged delegates , she needs to give some sort of cover to her backers , an argument they can use to justify their not rallying behind the party 's frontrunner . And the results of the Washington primary are precisely that type of argument .
But that presupposes that Clinton remains relatively close in the pledged delegate count . And much before Ohio and Texas cast their votes , it is starting to look like the former frontrunner might not even achieve that . And no one would have predicted that on February 6th .
Two former bankers have lost their appeals over convictions arising from a €7.2bn conspiracy to defraud the public about Anglo Irish Bank .
Irish Life & Permanent 's former CEO Denis Casey and former Anglo executive John Bowe were jailed last July following a lengthy and complex trial .
When handing down sentences almost one year ago , Judge Martin Nolan described what the former banking executives did as a `` deceitful and corrupt crime '' that could have affected thousands of people .
They were found guilty of taking part in a conspiracy designed to fool the public about the health of Anglo Irish Bank in the six months leading up to the end of 2008 .
Casey was sentenced to two years and nine months in prison , and Bowe was jailed for two .
They appealed their convictions on a number of grounds - including the admissibility of expert evidence and the judge 's directions to the jury .
In dismissing their appeals today , Mr Justice Sean Ryan said the court found Judge Nolan exercised his function carefully and correctly and was therefore satisfied the convictions were safe and satisfactory .
Image caption Many restaurants and food stalls are already privately operated
Cuba says it is expanding free-market reforms , opening more of the retail services sector to private business .
From 1 January workers including carpenters , locksmiths , photographers and repairmen will be allowed to become self-employed .
They will be able to set their own prices , while paying taxes and leasing their premises from the state .
The measures are the latest reforms aimed at reviving Cuba 's socialist economy by boosting private enterprise .
President Raul Castro , who took over from his brother Fidel in 2008 , has said the changes represent an effort to update rather than abandon the socialist model .
His government plans to have up to 40 % of the the workforce employed by the non-state sector by 2016 , compared with just 10 % at the end of 2010 .
Dramatic change
Restrictions on private business have been relaxed , large numbers of state workers have been laid off , and tens of thousands of Cubans have applied for licenses to work for themselves .
For the first time in decades people are allowed to buy and sell homes and cars and take out private business loans from banks .
Earlier this year state barbers shops and beauty salons were handed over to their employees , who now work for themselves while paying rent , tax and social security to the state .
That initiative is now being extended to a wide range of small retail services , including shoe , watch and electronic repairs , the official Communist Party newspaper Granma said .
The change will be rolled out gradually over the course of the year , starting in six provinces including the capital , Havana .
President Castro 's programme of reform represents a dramatic change in Cuba , which for nearly half a century was run as a command economy , with almost all activity controlled by the state .
In front of the watching Joe Schmidt , Friday night 's head-to-head subplots in the Sportsground would have focussed mostly around midfield , and the young pretenders Robbie Henshaw and Brendan Macken , or perhaps some of the duels in the frontrow . Yet the withdrawal of Isaac Boss meant the second and third choice Irish scrumhalves went mano a mano , and Kieran Marmion grasped both his opportunity and the game impressively .
Marmion had been a late call-up to the bench for Conor Murray and late replacement for Eoin Reddan in the second test in Argentina last June , having made his debut a week before as a sub for Murray . After the first test , Schmidt had rather pointedly said that Marmion “ will learn a bit from that ” , in reference to the scrumhalf making a blindsided duck for the line and being held up , while also referencing the need to improve his kicking game as well as getting his kicks away , defend feverishly and continue improving his right-to-left passing .
Marmion may have been a little unlucky in how the last opportunity briefly presented itself , but he was also stepped by Lucas Amorosino for the Pumas ' late consolation try in the second test . All in all , despite winning his first two caps , Marmion appeared not to have made significant strides .
In the euphoric moments after Friday 's full-time whistle , when John Muldoon came through his teammates to form a reciprocal “ tunnel ” for the vanquished champions , the first player he warmly embraced – a la Mick Galwey bear-hugging Peter Stringer and Ronan O'Gara on their Irish debuts against Scotland in 2000 – was Marmion .
Connacht knew they were indebted to Marmion for conjuring a sensational 55th minute match-winning try out of nothing . “ I do n't think enough people are watching Kieran Marmion to be honest , ” said Muldoon . “ To me he 's the best scrumhalf in Ireland . There 's no doubt about it . He 's got everything . He 's strong . He 's quick . How about that step ? He does that step every day in training and no one can touch him even though they know it 's coming .
Unexpected debut
Barely two seasons ago , in the seasonal opener , an injury crisis not only led to an unexpected debut , but also an extended initial run in the team . His form since ensured that last Friday 's game was his 56th start in succession .
“ He 's abrasive , is n't he ? He 's a tough little bugger , ” smiled Muldoon approvingly . “ For obvious reasons we have to wrap him in cotton wool during the week . He does n't miss much game time . As I said , he 's massively abrasive and you see the way he 's able to take on big forwards , and go around the ruck . That try was something out of the Kieran Marmion handbook . He does that all the time in training . He 's come on an awful lot in the last year or two and he 's a good lad . ”
“ He 's a class player , ” ventured Pat Lam who , interestingly , then echoed Muldoon in adding : “ But more importantly , he 's gutsy . I have n't met anyone so gutsy. ” Indeed , there seemed little chance of Marmion playing on after a tap tackle by Jamie Heaslip prevented the Connacht scrumhalf breaking clear again . But Marmion stretched and ran off the resulting cramp to continue playing until the last five minutes .
Lam added : “ I said this when I first came here , there 's no doubt that if I was still coaching Super Rugby he 'd be the star of my team , easily . He 's that good . ”
“ He knows he 's got areas of his game that he has to work on . He 's still working on his kicking game and so forth , but at half-time we mentioned that they were flying up and that we needed to have a look , so I told him to have a poke and see what 's on there . He certainly had a good poke and I 'm pleased for him , but he 's the first always play it down and put it back to them . ”
New ground
“ We 're hitting new ground , so it 's something different , ” said Muldoon . “ The reality is we 've just beaten one of the top teams , and now we 've the other top team , so we ca n't really get ahead of ourselves . It 's great to have three wins in a row , but we 've got to be humble tonight and we 've got to realise Glasgow is a massive team , so we could get a very big crash down to earth on Friday evening . ”
Connacht and Lam raised the bar for themselves with their marquee signings and openly targeting a place in the European Champions Cup by dint of a top-six finish .
“ We 've a long way to go yet to justify it . It 's a good stepping stone . Pat and Dan and all the rest of the coaches have been saying the top six does n't come in April , it can come in September , October , November , so we 've got to get a good start . There 's no point getting marquee signings and losing seven or eight games , and then trying to get into the top six .
“ Look , it 'll be interesting to see where Bundee Aki , Tom McCartney and Mils [ Muliaina ] will fit in there , ” quipped Muldoon with a cheeky chuckle . “ How can you drop lads after that ? ”
Square Enix is creating a free-to-play , browser-based addition to the Kingdom Hearts series , Kingdom Hearts X ( Chi ) , the company revealed following the announcement that Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix will include bonus items for the upcoming browser title .
The first available print copies of HD 1.5 Remix will come with a code for a Sora card , 20,000 munny and a 4,000 card draw point . Those who purchase the game directly from Square Enix will receive a Riku card , 10 potions and 10 ethers . These cards can be used in battle , while munny can be used to synthesize cards and draw points can be traded for cards . Potions will naturally restore the player 's energy while ether is used to recover power for combat .
Kingdom Hearts X ( Chi ) will also include a micro-transaction system that will allow players to power up their characters more speedily ; however , the game will be entirely free .
The game is in development from Success Corporation , the team behind Tokyo Beat Down , Operation Darkness and Metal Saga .
A little more than two months after being hired as Texas 's head coach and about seven months before his first game in charge of the Longhorns , Tom Herman had questions to answer . It was National Signing Day , a turning point for a proud program hoping to flush away a second consecutive sub-.500 season that included an embarrassing loss to Kansas , and Herman was trying to put a positive spin on a lousy recruiting class . According to 247Sports , since 1999 the Longhorns had never finished outside the top 25 in the team class rankings , nor had they failed to land at least one of the state of Texas 's top 10 players . It was up to Herman to explain how both of those things had happened .
The numbers looked ugly in the aggregate , and a pair of decisions on signing day underscored the dearth of premium prospects in the Longhorns ' first haul under Herman : Stephan Zabie , a four-star offensive tackle out of nearby Westlake High in Austin , spurned the high-major heavyweight in his backyard for a college career out west ( he picked UCLA ) , and K'Laivon Chaisson , a four-star defensive end from North Shore Senior High in Houston , chose LSU . Getting a yes from Winter Park ( Fla. ) High receiver Jordan Pouncey eased the sting of those two big whiffs , but Texas was justifiably labeled a signing-day loser .
At the flagship program in a state with a deep pool of highly touted high schoolers , the first Wednesday of February should be a celebratory day to welcome in the wave of players sets to power the program 's next conference and national championship drives . Instead , Herman , the top head coaching candidate on the market last year , one who had long been viewed as the ideal replacement for Charlie Strong in part because of his recruiting ties in the state of Texas , was left trying to talk up a group of prospects that , at least according to the rankings , did n't amount to all that much .
Pinning Texas 's weak recruiting returns in 2017 on Herman would have been a mistake . He had to scramble to piece together a class after taking over late in the cycle at a program awash in coaching change speculation for months leading up to Strong 's axing , and Texas has n't really been , you know , Texas , for a while : It has recorded only one season with more than eight wins this decade and posted only 16 total victories in Strong 's three years at the helm . The prolonged dip emboldened other programs looking to raid the Longhorn State for top talent , which it reliably produces in spades .
At his signing day press conference , Herman erred in taking a brief trip to Butch Jones land with a comment about how recruiting rankings “ do n't crack their chest open and look at their heart , ” and discussed trying to find undervalued players with good intangibles . The stale coachspeak came off as an attempt to explain away some negative headlines by shifting the blame to the talent evaluators upon whose scouting assessments those rankings are predicated . Only that 's not what Herman was really doing .
He conceded that the rankings have value , talked about the correlation between highly rated recruiting classes and wins and mentioned how “ usually a five-star kid has five-star talent. ” Then he made a prediction that felt like a reach considering the lackluster class he was defending on that day : Texas was going to climb those rankings pronto . Texas , Herman said , would sign a top-10 haul in 2018 . “ To have a realistic expectation of a transition class that only signs 19 , 20 guys to be in the top 10—I mean , that 's silly , ” he said . “ Are we going to be there next year ? Absolutely . Absolutely we will . ”
It 's looking more and more like Herman wo n't have to eat his words . Texas 's 2018 class ranks No . 4 in the country , according to the 247Sports Composite , trailing Ohio State , Miami and Penn State , in that order . The Longhorns ' position , however , is limited by their number of commitments ( 14 ) , which is at least two fewer than the number the Buckeyes ( 16 ) , Hurricanes ( 19 ) and Nittany Lions ( 20 ) count . Texas 's average player rating of 92.75 is second only to Ohio State 's 94.58 , and about three-fourths of the players in the class have been assessed four or more stars .
The Longhorns have left their home turf to score a few recruiting wins , including a pair of coveted quarterbacks . Southmoore ( Okla. ) High quarterback Casey Thompson , whose father , Charles , played the same position at Oklahoma , opted to leave the Sooner State for a Big 12 rival , and Texas flipped Newbury Park ( Calif. ) High QB Cameron Rising from the Sooners . Ritenour ( Mo . ) product Ayodele Adeoye , the No . 4 inside linebacker in the country according to the 247Sports Composite , was another solid out-of-state pickup , and on Tuesday night Texas landed a commitment from Arizona Western transfer Dominick Wood-Anderson , considered the top Juco tight end in the country . But the most encouraging aspect of this class to date is its accumulation of top-end in-state recruits .
Last month alone , Texas got pledges from three of the state 's top-10 prospects , according to the 247Sports Composite , all of them from the Houston area : Alief Taylor High wide receiver Brennan Eagles ( No . 3 ) , Heights High cornerback Jalen Green ( No . 5 ) and Lamar High wide receiver Al'Vonte Woodard ( No . 9 ) . Two more top-10 in-state recruits are also Longhorns verbals ( Angleton High safety BJ Foster and Steele High safety Caden Sterns ) , as is No . 11 ( Arp High safety DeMarvion Overshown ) .
Set aside , for a moment , the fact that Texas is set to bring in an all-time safety haul . What 's key here is that the Longhorns are cleaning up in one of the most important recruiting battlegrounds in the country . That 's something to get excited about in any context ; Texas is flush with Division I caliber players , including a sizeable group of blue-chippers . But in light of the Longhorns ' poor in-state showing in 2017 , this is a striking turnaround in the short-term that should pay off in a huge way in the long-term . The highest-ranked player they signed from the state this year , according to the 247Sports Composite , was Westlake High quarterback Sam Ehlinger , who committed well before Herman was hired ( the summer before Strong 's second season ) .
Even if the Longhorns regain some of the in-state sway that used to nullify serious challenges to their top targets from out-of-state programs , it 's unrealistic to expect every four- and five-star from Texas to wind up in Austin . There is too much competition from too many powerhouses with national cachet . Just last year , for example , Ohio State and LSU plucked five of the state 's top seven players : South Grand Prairie High cornerback Jeffrey Okudah , Kennedale High linebacker Baron Browning , Chaisson , La Grange High running back J.K. Dobbins and Cy-Fair High offensive lineman Austin Deculus .
That said , Herman and his staff have quickly turned Texas into the biggest force within state lines for the 2018 cycle . The Longhorns may have a hard time keeping the nation 's No . 13 overall player and Texas 's No . 1 prospect in the class , cornerback Anthony Cook , away from Herman 's former employer , the Buckeyes , but they 're in good shape for a handful of the state 's other big-time guys , like Westfield High defensive tackle Keondre Coburn ( who committed to Texas on Aug. 7 ) and cornerback D'shawn Jamison , a teammate of Cook 's at Lamar High .
The Longhorns ' run on top-shelf local recruits obviously will serve them well going forward , but it could also help stabilize the Big 12 . The conference 's best programs reside either in Texas or a state bordering it ( Oklahoma ) , but its 10 teams landed only one of the Longhorn State 's 12 top prospects in 2017 , according to the 247Sports Composite ( Frisco High offensive lineman Jack Anderson , who signed with Texas Tech ) . The league 's talent problem was amplified three months later , when it produced fewer NFL draft picks than the American Athletic Conference ( 15 to 14 ) .
With its 2018 class , Texas is bringing in the type of players who can deliver the Big 12 College Football Playoff appearances and first-rounders . True , the Longhorns and Oklahoma ( ranked No . 11 nationally in the 247Sports Composite ) make up an exclusive upper tier among Big 12 programs in this year 's recruiting cycle—the next highest-rated program from the conference is Oklahoma State , at No . 25 . But if Texas can keep this up , the on-field success that should follow will stabilize a conference less than a year removed from a frenzied expand-or-not faceplant that was once described by one of its school 's presidents as “ psychologically disadvantaged ” .
The timing of Texas 's recruiting success is another cause for optimism . Herman is stacking Ws off the field before he gets a chance to lead his team to any on it . Any national championship talk is premature , but the Longhorns will enter the season with a legitimate claim to being the third-best team in the Big 12 , behind the Sooners and Cowboys . As Strong said late last year , “ The cake has been baked. ” It may not take Long for Herman to get Texas back to something resembling its Mack Brown–era peak .
Year one of a new coaching regime can produce a wide range of results . Herman 's two-year stint at Houston suggests Texas is about to make a huge leap . Maybe that wo n't happen , but it 's reasonable to expect that the Longhorns ' performance this season will serve more as a selling point than a repellent for recruits . Rather than relying on hazy concepts like his “ vision ” for the program , Herman will be able to point to results . A bunch of esteemed prospects have already bought into a future under him . More could follow once they see what the Longhorns can do on fall Saturdays under his watch .
And the next time Herman has to speak at a press conference about recruiting , he probably wo n't spend much , if any time , time addressing what went wrong . Reporters will want to know how everything went right so quickly .
A farmer milks a cow in his barn on in Berlin , Germany . Andreas Rentz/Getty Images
The Billings Farm and Museum , a working dairy farm and agricultural museum in Woodstock , Vermont , has successfully challenged Nintendo to compete against them in some manner of cow-milking contest , Polygon reports . At issue was a cow-milking minigame in 1-2 Switch , a game for the Nintendo 's newest console , the Nintendo Switch . In an open letter posted on their Facebook page , the museum wrote that the game takes “ all the challenge out of milking , ” explaining to the video game manufacturer that “ we have 30 prize-winning Jersey milking cows that we milk twice a day , and it is NEVER that easy. ” The museum 's workers have apparently carefully studied the motivational techniques of Biff Tannen , because the goading is strong : “ We also think that you guys look pretty slow , ” they added , going on to ask Nintendo , “ Is your team brave enough ? ”
Apparently Nintendo has more in common with Marty McFly than that crappy video game adaptation from the 1980s , because it accepted the Vermont farmers ' challenge from its official Facebook account six minutes after it was sent . The trash talk did n't stop there ; the irascible museum officials , who seem to know more about cows than Nintendo 's 19th-century origins as a playing card company , responded , “ Good luck ! We 've been at this over 100 years. ” “ So have we ! ” Nintendo retorted . According to Polygon , Nintendo has confirmed that it 's sending people to the Billings Farm and Museum this week—although it 's unclear whether they 're visiting to plan future cow-milking competitions or grabbing the bull by the horns , so to speak . Either way , best wishes to Nintendo and the Billings Farm and Museum in their upcoming milk-off . Incidentally , we here at Slate hear Nintendo is way too chicken to send our entire staff free Switches .
Here 's the complete open letter :
by Irma Arkus
It was only a matter of time before topics such war , terrorism , and Islam became assimilated into comedic content . While these are seemingly still out of bounds for American filmmakers , UK seems to be offering this year a surprising roster of comedic films that do address the issues of terrorism , nationality and ethnicity in a multicultural , cosmopolitan arena .
It struck me earlier today that Harold and Kumar are the closest thing North Americans have to inclusion of the “ other , ” the upcoming UK productions , boisterously irreverent and humorous , have a better time including the idea that the “ other ” is these days undeniably part of all of us .
The first one is Four Lions , directed by Christopher Morris , a prominent TV name known for “ Brass Eye ” and “ Nathan Barley ” episodes . Four Lions tells a story of four young jihadists who are planning a terrorist plot , while obviously engaging in uncovering ideological inconsistencies amongst four men who are the product of western upbringing as much as of their own cultural roots .
Another movie that came as an even bigger surprise this year is The Infidel , by the lovable Omid Djalili , who , as a devout muslim and a family man , discovers that he is actually jewish and adopted .
This twist , I did not expect . And it comes with an entirely new territory of hilarity touching on anything from anti-semitism , famed Islamic apostheosis , and of course , the unearthed joys of Judaism !
I bet you anything that these two will not be released in 3D .
1 . Tell your friends , family , co-workers and other peers . I often times will tell random people I just met 5 minutes ago at their job , or just out in public . You 'd be surprised how thankful they can be ... # recruitafriend
This can seem a bit daunting at first , trust me I 've been there . I told my family about Steemit at the top last year and while they were excited for how successful I had been , the price drop made it very difficult to get them onboard without being concern with this constant sense of 'loss ' . And I totally get it , but trust me when I say if they had taken it more seriously like I have this past year , they would n't be JUST about to get started , at another almost all-time high . So regardless what you fear the outcome to be , it 's always respectable to at least inform your family of Steemit and let them decide what to make of it , and just be there when they have questions , because you never know who 's life you can change by helping them be successful on this wonderful blockchain ...
2 . Mention it on your other social media profiles , share the wealth with your online friends ! You can change peoples lives without knowing it this way !
Most of us would n't be here today on Steemit if we had n't 'stumbled ' upon it somewhere along the way , which just goes to show how much luck factors in when getting into any crypto in the 'early stages ' , let alone a social media website thats still in beta and is about to change the world ... so do n't forget to at least share about Steemit on your social media profiles from time to time so you can help pass on the baton to the next wave of investors , users , and fans . I find other social media websites to be one of the most effective ways to recruit new Steemians . A simple tweet , picture or even sentence can change someones life , that you may have never even met , all thanks to the internet !
Here 's an example of 2 of my tweets and their reach ; I have about 50-100 more on the list below these .. mostly about Steem and PIVX , it works .
3 . Handout simple business cards , you can get quite a bunch for relatively cheap . You can gain a lot of followers this way ! ( I will be making my own design this next couple days and will share the files here for everyone . )
These ones a little bit more leg work but still very simple , especially when a quality business card design is available for free which will be the case when I am happy with the design I am playing with and get a batch printed to confirm . At which time I hope to create a resource for constant use by anyone and everyone to help spread Steem to people who might have not ever gotten a chance to find out , without someone handing them a card . Just trying to make sure we can cover all verticals here and business cards are still a very large part of the planet we live on , so they are a no brainer in my mind .
4 . Use the platform , daily . More active users is always a good thing , it helps diversify content , spread rewards more fairly & shows growth in the Steemit usage data , which are good metrics to judge Steem success by .
The only way the Steemit Inc team and @ Ned can gauge success is by metric and price obviously , but lets put the price aside for a second and focus on the usage factors . One of the main things to look at is obviously new sign ups , which is already booming , but with an army of users spreading the word , we could prolly x100 the current numbers with ease . Not to mention time on site , active daily users , and most importantly posts submitted all affect the price far greater than trader sentiment . The higher we can get these numbers , the more we prove to the world how amazing this platform is , and is going to be . So try to check in daily , will ya ?
5 . Upvote , follow & re-steem peoples stuff ! This should be obvious but it needs to be said . Wasting your voting power by letting it sit idle does n't help you , and it surely does n't help your peers . Vote roughly 30-50 times a day !
This one is VERY important , even today I see people sitting at 100 % voting power for weeks at a time , and its honestly infuriating , all of you people who do n't vote for others and literally just post content to earn rewards are basically leaching off the system and It 's pretty much rude , so instead of sitting here explaining why its a good idea to actually use the platform to do stuff other than pillage upvotes , i 'll just say this .
If you do n't upvote other people , you are a leech , and they should n't upvote you . I 've taken note of people who are very wealthy and literally sit at 100 % all the time , and I do my best to not give them a dime . It 's a shame really because the entire spirit of Steem was meant to enable a more trustless form of communication and there are a large chunk of users here that are only concern with their wallet balance , they must not see the bigger picture I guess . Btw if you are lazy , just go use Streemian.com to follow a curator ... no excuses ! Oh and use steemd.com to monitor everything .
Anyways , voting 30-50 times a day is nothing but GOOD for you , AND you peer . So please do it , daily !
For the overachievers out there : Get out there and organize local/online events/ideas where you can educate entire crowds on this wonderful life changing tech ! Who needs Reddit , Instagram , Twitter or anything else when we have this golden child ?
This one is golden , you can use your local library , buy a specific domain name like I am doing with www.kushsmokers.com or simply start a hashtag outside and inside Steemit such as # kushsmokers where you can onboard people from your specific niche . You can take the same methods I am using to onboard cannabis users to onboard anyone from any niche , or just go out to your local college and educate people , everything helps ! Who knows what may come of the loads of people you are helping in the process , but if my experiences are any indicator , you 'll make alot of new friends haha !
TLDR- SHARE STEEMIT WITH PEOPLE , WATCH PEOPLE SMILE ! YOU WIN !
//KEEP CALM AND STEEM ON !
//Do n't forget to follow , upvote and re-steem !
Figures show 40 % of cases where stun guns used since 2014 involved people of black or mixed white and black ethnicities
Black and mixed race people in London more likely to be Tasered
Black and mixed-race people in London have been on the receiving end of more than 40 % of police Taser use since 2014 , despite accounting for less than one in six of the capital 's residents , the Guardian can reveal .
Figures obtained by freedom of information ( FoI ) request show police are disproportionately targeting people of black or mixed white and black ethnicity with the electric stun guns , raising fresh concerns of racism in the force .
Between January 2014 and September 2016 , 1,530 of a total of 3,815 cases – 40.1 % – where police drew , aimed or fired Tasers involved people of black or mixed white and black ethnicities . According to the 2011 census , people from those groups comprise 15.6 % of London 's population .
The figures , which come before the expected rollout of a new , more powerful model of Taser gun , also reveal that overall Taser use by the Metropolitan police increased in 2015 and was due for another increase in 2016 , based on figures for the first nine months of the year .
Leader of black police officers warns against Taser rollout proposals Read more
Lee Jasper , a race relations activist who was director of policing and equalities for the former London mayor Ken Livingstone , said the latest figures showed that the police systematically targeted black people .
“ Black people are disproportionately charged for offences ; we are disproportionately refused bail ; we are disproportionately found guilty and disproportionately sentenced , ” he said . “ We have got massive disproportionality right throughout the system , of which Tasering is just one aspect .
“ The working culture of the Met police service is one that deems black people to be mad , bad or criminal . The mayor of London needs to take urgent action to redress the resurgence of institutional racism within the MPS that is driving this disproportionately . ”
The Met 's figures include all the times that officers drew , aimed or fired Tasers while on duty , although the weapons were only discharged in 13 % of cases . They correspond with a FoI request by the BBC from 2015 , showing that across England black people were three times more likely to be Tasered than white people .
Data collected by the mayor of London 's office shows that people of black or mixed race ethnicity have the least confidence in the police out of all Londoners .
Diane Abbott , Labour 's shadow home secretary , said the use of Tasers aggravated tensions between police and the public . “ There is something inherently wrong with how Tasers are being used , and there are no assurances that their use does not disproportionately impact BME communities , ” she said .
“ Tasers are not some sort of panacea and there have been too many incidents where Tasers have led to unnecessary deaths .
“ Amber Rudd 's decision to provide this potentially lethal instrument to any police officer who wants one will only add to historic tensions between communities and the police . ”
Enfield had a higher than average proportion of black people involved in Taser incidents . Tasers were used against black people 55 out of 131 times in the period covered by the FoI . The area 's MP , Kate Osamor , called the findings “ deeply alarming ” .
“ When contrasted with the ethnic makeup of the borough , these figures clearly show non-whites being disproportionately affected , ” she said .
“ This data reflects a wider perception of discrimination that is felt by the black community . Relations between police and the black community have been further strained owing to the high number of stop and searches , harassment cases and deaths in custody . These incidents only seek to further weaken the relationship between law enforcement and those they purport to protect . ”
The Met defended its policies for Taser use , insisting that “ the ethnicity of the person is completely irrelevant ” when officers consider whether to use force .
“ Tasers are carried by specially trained Metropolitan police officers and are used when the safety of the public or the officer is at risk , ” a Met spokesman said .
“ The Metropolitan police service engages with communities regarding use of force by its officers and specifically regarding the carriage and use of Taser . The current level of deployment is deemed to be appropriate to the threat and risk faced by officers , doing their duty to protect Londoners .
“ Officers know that any use of force – which includes the use of Taser – must be entirely justified and that they may be asked to account for their actions . ”
There is growing evidence that black people are treated differently in various stages of the criminal justice system . Early findings from an ongoing investigation by David Lammy , the Labour MP for Tottenham , show that for every 100 white women handed custodial sentences at crown courts for drug offences , 227 black women are imprisoned . For every 100 white men jailed , 141 black men receive prison time .
Police Taser their own race relations adviser in Bristol Read more
“ These emerging findings raise difficult questions about whether ethnic minority communities are getting a fair deal in our justice system , ” Lammy said at the time .
Police use of Tasers drew attention last August after the death of Dalian Atkinson , a former Aston Villa footballer , outside his family 's home . Two West Mercia police officers were put under criminal investigation after Atkinson was Tasered three times and suffered a cardiac arrest .
More recently , police in Bristol were investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission after Tasering their own race relations adviser . In scenes captured on video , Judah Adunbi , 63 , was Tasered outside his home when officers apparently mistook him for a wanted man . Adunbi later said that he had feared for his life , but the chairman of the local police federation branch said officers were “ doing what the public expect of them ” .
The Home Office said : “ Taser gives the police an important tactical option when facing potentially physically violent situations , but its use warrants proper accountability and transparency .
“ That is why the former home secretary commissioned an in-depth review of the publication of use of force data – including Taser – to ensure these powers are being used appropriately . ”
MANILA ( Reuters ) - The Philippines on Thursday put on display dozens of ancient maps which officials said showed that China 's territorial claims over the South China Sea did not include a disputed shoal at the centre of an acrimonious standoff .
The Philippines is in dispute with China over parts of the South China Sea , including the Scarborough Shoal , an area believed to be rich in oil and natural gas as well as fisheries resources .
China seized control of the shoal in June 2012 and has prevented Philippine fishermen from getting close to the rocky outcrop , a rich fishing ground .
Philippine officials said the exhibition of old maps at a university showed that for almost 1,000 years , from the Song Dynasty in the year 960 until the end of the Qing Dynasty early in the 20th century , China 's southernmost territory was always Hainan island , just off the Chinese coast .
“ We should respect historical facts , not historical lies , ” said Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonio Carpio , who has done extensive research on the territorial disputes .
The facts were graphically illustrated on the ancient maps , both official and unofficial , he said .
Carpio said the exhibition could be viewed online and it would help everyone in all claimant states understand the facts , “ either to restrain extreme nationalism fuelled by historical lies or give hope to a just and durable settlement of disputes ” .
China claims nearly the entire South China Sea .
But Brunei , Malaysia , Vietnam and Taiwan also have claims in the sea , which is traversed each year by ship-borne trade worth about $ 5 trillion .
Exhibition organisers said the Scarborough Shoal never appeared in any old Chinese maps . But on numerous ancient maps made by foreigners and Filipinos , from as early as 1636 , the rocky outcrop was consistently shown to be Philippine territory .
Carpio , in an earlier lecture , said the shoal was also used as a naval gunnery range by U.S. and Philippine armed forces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and neither China nor any other country protested against the bombing practice .
In June , China unveiled a new official map of the country , giving greater play to its claims on the South China Sea .
The Philippines , a close U.S. ally , has brought a case to the U.N. arbitral court in The Hague , seeking clarification on its entitlements under the U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea .
China has refused to take part in the arbitration . A ruling is expected late next year .
At least 6,878 civilians were killed in Iraq last year , as the Iraqi government struggled to maintain security and dislodge fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL , also known as ISIS ) group from areas under its control .
The UN Assistance Mission for Iraq , known as UNAMI , said on Tuesday that its numbers `` have to be considered as the absolute minimum '' , as it was not able to verify casualties among civilians in conflict areas .
It added that last year 's figures did not include casualties among civilians in Iraq 's western Anbar province for the months of May , July , August and December .
According to UNAMI figures , at least 12,388 civilians were wounded in 2016 .
The monthly UN casualty report for December 2016 showed that a total of 386 civilians were killed and another 1,066 were wounded .
The worst affected area was the northern province of Nineveh , where government forces are fighting to retake the ISIL-held city of Mosul , with 208 civilians killed and 511 injured . The capital , Baghdad , came next with 109 civilians killed and 523 injured .
In the last week alone , ISIL claimed responsibility for a string of bombings in Baghdad that killed more than 50 people .
The deadliest ISIL attack was in July , when a massive suicide bombing in a bustling market area in central Baghdad killed almost 300 people , the bloodiest single attack in the capital in 13 years of war .
`` This is , no doubt , an attempt by [ ISIL ] to divert attention from their losses in Mosul and , unfortunately , it is the innocent civilians who are paying the price , '' Jan Kubis , the special representative of the UN secretary-general for Iraq , said in a statement .
US-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push ISIL fighters from Mosul , the armed group 's last major stronghold in the country , but are facing fierce resistance .
Unlike other reports , last month 's report did not include casualties among security forces .
The UN came under criticism from the Iraqi military last month after reporting that nearly 2,000 members of the Iraqi forces had been killed in November . The Iraqi government has not publicised the casualty figures for government troops and paramilitary forces fighting in Mosul and elsewhere in northern Iraq .
“ Breathing in , I know that I am breathing in. ” It is such a simple practice , but it can transform your life . The great meditation master Thich Nhat Hanh teaches five mindfulness exercises to help you live with happiness and joy .
Our true home is not in the past . Our true home is not in the future . Our true home is in the here and the now . Life is available only in the here and the now , and it is our true home .
Mindfulness is the energy that helps us recognize the conditions of happiness that are already present in our lives . You do n't have to wait ten years to experience this happiness . It is present in every moment of your daily life . There are those of us who are alive but do n't know it . But when you breathe in , and you are aware of your in-breath , you touch the miracle of being alive . That is why mindfulness is a source of happiness and joy .
You do n't have to wait ten years to experience this happiness . It is present in every moment of your daily life .
Most people are forgetful ; they are not really there a lot of the time . Their mind is caught in their worries , their fears , their anger , and their regrets , and they are not mindful of being there . That state of being is called forgetfulness—you are there but you are not there . You are caught in the past or in the future . You are not there in the present moment , living your life deeply . That is forgetfulness .
The opposite of forgetfulness is mindfulness . Mindfulness is when you are truly there , mind and body together . You breathe in and out mindfully , you bring your mind back to your body , and you are there . When your mind is there with your body , you are established in the present moment . Then you can recognize the many conditions of happiness that are in you and around you , and happiness just comes naturally .
Mindfulness practice should be enjoyable , not work or effort . Do you have to make an effort to breathe in ? You do n't need to make an effort . To breathe in , you just breathe in . Suppose you are with a group of people contemplating a beautiful sunset . Do you have to make an effort to enjoy the beautiful sunset ? No , you do n't have to make any effort . You just enjoy it .
The same thing is true with your breath . Allow your breath to take place . Become aware of it and enjoy it . Effortlessness . Enjoyment . The same thing is true with walking mindfully . Every step you take is enjoyable . Every step helps you to touch the wonders of life , in yourself and around you . Every step is peace . Every step is joy . That is possible .
During the time you are practicing mindfulness , you stop talking—not only the talking outside , but the talking inside . The talking inside is the thinking , the mental discourse that goes on and on and on inside . Real silence is the cessation of talking—of both the mouth and of the mind . This is not the kind of silence that oppresses us . It is a very elegant kind of silence , a very powerful kind of silence . It is the silence that heals and nourishes us .
Mindfulness gives birth to joy and happiness . Another source of happiness is concentration . The energy of mindfulness carries within it the energy of concentration . When you are aware of something , such as a flower , and can maintain that awareness , we say that you are concentrated on the flower . When your mindfulness becomes powerful , your concentration becomes powerful , and when you are fully concentrated , you have a chance to make a breakthrough , to achieve insight . If you meditate on a cloud , you can get insight into the nature of the cloud . Or you can meditate on a pebble , and if you have enough mindfulness and concentration , you can see into the nature of the pebble . You can meditate on a person , and if you have enough mindfulness and concentration , you can make a breakthrough and understand the nature of that person . You can meditate on yourself , or your anger , or your fear , or your joy , or your peace .
Anything can be the object of your meditation , and with the powerful energy of concentration , you can make a breakthrough and develop insight . It 's like a magnifying glass concentrating the light of the sun . If you put the point of concentrated light on a piece of paper , it will burn . Similarly , when your mindfulness and concentration are powerful , your insight will liberate you from fear , anger , and despair , and bring you true joy , true peace , and true happiness .
When your mindfulness becomes powerful , your concentration becomes powerful , and when you are fully concentrated , you have a chance to make a breakthrough , to achieve insight .
When you contemplate the big , full sunrise , the more mindful and concentrated you are , the more the beauty of the sunrise is revealed to you . Suppose you are offered a cup of tea , very fragrant , very good tea . If your mind is distracted , you can not really enjoy the tea . You have to be mindful of the tea , you have to be concentrated on it , so the tea can reveal its fragrance and wonder to you . That is why mindfulness and concentration are such sources of happiness . That 's why a good practitioner knows how to create a moment of joy , a feeling of happiness , at any time of the day .
First Mindfulness Exercise : Mindful Breathing
The first exercise is very simple , but the power , the result , can be very great . The exercise is simply to identify the in-breath as in-breath and the out-breath as the out-breath . When you breathe in , you know that this is your in-breath . When you breathe out , you are mindful that this is your out-breath .
Just recognize : this is an in-breath , this is an out-breath . Very simple , very easy . In order to recognize your in-breath as in-breath , you have to bring your mind home to yourself . What is recognizing your in-breath is your mind , and the object of your mind—the object of your mindfulness—is the in-breath . Mindfulness is always mindful of something . When you drink your tea mindfully , it 's called mindfulness of drinking . When you walk mindfully , it 's called mindfulness of walking . And when you breathe mindfully , that is mindfulness of breathing .
So the object of your mindfulness is your breath , and you just focus your attention on it . Breathing in , this is my in-breath . Breathing out , this is my out-breath . When you do that , the mental discourse will stop . You do n't think anymore . You do n't have to make an effort to stop your thinking ; you bring your attention to your in-breath and the mental discourse just stops . That is the miracle of the practice . You do n't think of the past anymore . You do n't think of the future . You do n't think of your projects , because you are focusing your attention , your mindfulness , on your breath .
The in-breath can be a celebration of the fact that you are alive , so it can be very joyful .
It gets even better . You can enjoy your in-breath . The practice can be pleasant , joyful . Someone who is dead can not take any more in-breaths . But you are alive . You are breathing in , and while breathing in , you know that you are alive . The in-breath can be a celebration of the fact that you are alive , so it can be very joyful . When you are joyful and happy , you do n't feel that you have to make any effort at all . I am alive ; I am breathing in . To be still alive is a miracle . The greatest of all miracles is to be alive , and when you breathe in , you touch that miracle . Therefore , your breathing can be a celebration of life .
An in-breath may take three , four , five seconds , it depends . That 's time to be alive , time to enjoy your breath . You do n't have to interfere with your breathing . If your in-breath is short , allow it to be short . If your out-breath is long , let it be long . Do n't try to force it . The practice is simple recognition of the in-breath and the out-breath . That is good enough . It will have a powerful effect .
Second Mindfulness Exercise : Concentration
The second exercise is that while you breathe in , you follow your in-breath from the beginning to the end . If your in-breath lasts three or four seconds , then your mindfulness also lasts three or four seconds . Breathing in , I follow my in-breath all the way through . Breathing out , I follow my out-breath all the way through . From the beginning of my out-breath to the end of my out-breath , my mind is always with it . Therefore , mindfulness becomes uninterrupted , and the quality of your concentration is improved .
So the second exercise is to follow your in-breath and your out-breath all the way through . Whether they are short or long , it does n't matter . What is important is that you follow your in-breath from the beginning to the end . Your awareness is sustained . There is no interruption . Suppose you are breathing in , and then you think , “ Oh , I forgot to turn off the light in my room. ” There is an interruption . Just stick to your in-breath all the way through . Then you cultivate your mindfulness and your concentration . You become your in-breath . You become your out-breath . If you continue like that , your breathing will naturally become deeper and slower , more harmonious and peaceful . You do n't have to make any effort—it happens naturally .
Third Mindfulness Exercise : Awareness of Your Body
The third exercise is to become aware of your body as you are breathing . “ Breathing in , I am aware of my whole body. ” This takes it one step further .
In the first exercise , you became aware of your in-breath and your out-breath . Because you have now generated the energy of mindfulness through mindful breathing , you can use that energy to recognize your body .
“ Breathing in , I am aware of my body . Breathing out , I am aware of my body. ” I know my body is there . This brings the mind wholly back to the body . Mind and body become one reality . When your mind is with your body , you are well-established in the here and the now . You are fully alive . You can be in touch with the wonders of life that are available in yourself and around you .
This exercise is simple , but the effect of the oneness of body and mind is very great . In our daily lives , we are seldom in that situation . Our body is there but our mind is elsewhere . Our mind may be caught in the past or in the future , in regrets , sorrow , fear , or uncertainty , and so our mind is not there . Someone may be present in the house , but he 's not really there , his mind is not there . His mind is with the future , with his projects , and he 's not there for his children or his spouse . Maybe you could say to him , “ Anybody home ? ” and help him bring his mind back to his body .
So the third exercise is to become aware of your body . “ Breathing in , I 'm aware of my body. ” When you practice mindful breathing , the quality of your in-breath and out-breath will be improved . There is more peace and harmony in your breathing , and if you continue to practice like that , the peace and the harmony will penetrate into the body , and the body will profit .
Fourth Mindfulness Exercise : Releasing Tension
The next exercise is to release the tension in the body . When you are truly aware of your body , you notice there is some tension and pain in your body , some stress . The tension and pain have been accumulating for a long time and our bodies suffer , but our mind is not there to help release it . Therefore , it is very important to learn how to release the tension in the body .
It is always possible to practice releasing the tension in yourself .
In a sitting , lying , or standing position , it 's always possible to release the tension . You can practice total relaxation , deep relaxation , in a sitting or lying position . While you are driving your car , you might notice the tension in your body . You are eager to arrive and you do n't enjoy the time you spend driving . When you come to a red light , you are eager for the red light to become a green light so that you can continue . But the red light can be a signal . It can be a reminder that there is tension in you , the stress of wanting to arrive as quickly as possible . If you recognize that , you can make use of the red light . You can sit back and relax—take the ten seconds the light is red to practice mindful breathing and release the tension in the body .
So next time you 're stopped at a red light , you might like to sit back and practice the fourth exercise : “ Breathing in , I 'm aware of my body . Breathing out , I release the tension in my body. ” Peace is possible at that moment , and it can be practiced many times a day—in the workplace , while you are driving , while you are cooking , while you are doing the dishes , while you are watering the vegetable garden . It is always possible to practice releasing the tension in yourself .
Walking Meditation
When you practice mindful breathing you simply allow your in breath to take place . You become aware of it and enjoy it . Effortlessness . The same thing is true with mindful walking . Every step is enjoyable . Every step helps you touch the wonders of life . Every step is joy . That is possible .
You do n't have to make any effort during walking meditation , because it is enjoyable . You are there , body and mind together . You are fully alive , fully present in the here and the now . With every step , you touch the wonders of life that are in you and around you . When you walk like that , every step brings healing . Every step brings peace and joy , because every step is a miracle .
The real miracle is not to fly or walk on fire . The real miracle is to walk on the Earth , and you can perform that miracle at any time . Just bring your mind home to your body , become alive , and perform the miracle of walking on Earth .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- An imminent decision by the city of Cleveland could seal the fate of the long-empty Fifth Church of Christ Scientist , a landmark building that has stirred up community activists for more than two decades .
Three teams submitted plans last month to redevelop the city-owned Fifth Church property , at Lake Avenue and West 117th Street . A city spokeswoman says officials have n't picked a developer . But all indications are that the city will choose one of two residential proposals - both of which call for dismantling the church and constructing townhouses along Lake .
A third pitch , from a Tremont couple hoping to remake the church as a rock-climbing gym , captured the imaginations of hundreds of people and garnered support online . But site complications , an adjacent grocery-store plan and fierce opposition from leaders of a local homeowners ' group make it clear that the rock-climbing obstacles are just too high to overcome .
Fifth Church 's future has divided residents for more than 20 years . The recent debate has been heated and unpleasant , with warring factions and threats of lawsuits . Against that backdrop , the city is considering the future of a key gateway site just east of the Lakewood border - a site that , if it continues to languish , will further hamper struggling businesses and impede potential development nearby .
`` It 's a significant block , '' Matt Zone , the local councilman , said of land bounded by Lake , Clifton Boulevard , 117th and West 116th Street . `` What I 've heard , overwhelmingly - not even by a close margin - is that people want high-quality commercial development on Clifton and high-quality residential housing on Lake .
`` I 've heard from a number of people , at all costs , that the church must be saved , '' he added . `` Given the challenges to re-purposing the church , it would be nearly impossible to prevent litigation , and other people , from preventing a commercial activity in that church . ''
Neighbors banded together to protect Fifth Church in the early 1990s , when Riser Foods Inc. considered razing it for a supermarket . In 2002 , the city protectively took possession of the octagonal building , which was constructed in the 1920s and abandoned by its congregation 60 years later . Since then , developers have talked about turning the church into anything from a bookstore to residences .
Talk never translated to action .
Now a neighboring property 's owner 's plans for a new retail project , anchored by a Giant Eagle Market District Express store , are putting pressure on the city to clean up the church site . Affiliates of the Carnegie Cos. , a Solon developer , own the surrounding block .
Last year , after demolishing an old retail strip along Clifton , the company released plans that show a 30,000-square-foot market and other retailers along that street , with parking to the north .
Those plans hinge on a land-swap with the city , which would give up part of the church site in exchange for a strip of property along Lake . Carnegie would gain more space for parking . The city would end up with a linear site that could lend itself to a small residential project .
In February , Cleveland 's community-development department asked for proposals from developers interested in Fifth Church and the land along Lake . Rock-climbing duo Chick Holtkamp and Niki Zmij had cropped up with an 11th-hour proposal to convert the dilapidated building into a wellness center . But the city 's request for proposals made clear that officials were looking for something residential , not recreational .
In late March , three developers responded . Brickhaus Partners , a group led by Andrew Brickman , proffered 11 townhouses that would incorporate pieces of the church into their facades and landscaping . Working with Dimit Architects , Brickman also proposed a park , anchored by the church 's entry arch , at Lake and West 117th .
`` I ca n't stand the [ proposal ] process in general , but we thought it was an opportunity to demonstrate not only to Northeast Ohio but to all the cities that have excess religious buildings a way to repurpose something that either is damaged beyond repair or that wo n't find another life as a church , '' Brickman said .
The Orlean Co. , another local developer , worked with City Architecture on a plan for 10 townhouses and public green space , which would incorporate parts of the deconstructed church . Like the other proposers , Orlean found that restoring the church and filling it with apartments or condominiums did n't make economic sense .
`` The city 's tried to save that church for the last 15-plus years , and every year that it sits vacant , it suffers more deterioration , '' said Ken Lurie , an Orlean principal . `` It 's just not worth it financially for us . We would never have bid on it if we did n't think the church would come down . ''
The last proposal , from Zmij and Holtkamp , reimagined the church as a sanctuary for climbing , yoga and other activities . The duo explored creating a park or building townhouses along the remaining stretch of Lake , with concealed parking . If that plan does n't fly , the developers hope to take their concept somewhere else - to other Cleveland neighborhoods and , potentially , other neglected churches .
`` People have this sense that maybe we feel like we 've wasted time and might have resentment , '' said Holtkamp , a longtime rock climber and developer who has tackled historic-preservation projects in Cleveland 's Tremont neighborhood . `` We do n't . We just feel like we did the right thing for the church , to show that there is an option . And in doing that , it broadens our ability to present . We 've had to answer a lot of tough questions from people . ''
As of last week , none of the teams had received a verdict from the city , which originally expected to choose a winner in early April .
`` We are finalizing our evaluation of the merits of each proposal and will make a recommendation to Mayor Jackson in the near future for review and approval , '' Maureen Harper , a city spokeswoman , wrote in an email late Friday . `` After receiving his approval , we can proceed with necessary steps to seek City Council approval and to negotiate the details of the project . ''
Zone would n't go so far as to say that city officials disqualified the rock-climbing plan . But he talked about `` two spectacular proposals '' and described the recreational concept as a long shot .
`` It 's a really cool concept , and it could be spectacular in that building if that building was n't located in a dense residential neighborhood , '' he added .
In emails to residents and activists , the councilman has alluded to the threat of litigation from the Edgewater Homeowners ' Association , which represents people who own single-family homes on four nearby streets . Linda Meglin , president of the group 's board , said the association is opposed to any commercial uses on Lake , where the church sits in a residential zoning district . It 's too early to talk about litigation , she said , but the association has gotten involved in zoning court cases .
`` We 've been consistent , '' Meglin added . `` We were n't against the rock climbing . We 're just not for any commercial development . The whole idea of it going back to residential , that goes back to the historic nature of the neighborhood . ''
As of last year , Edgewater Homeowners represented roughly 140 member households . Its leadership has run up against opposition from an upstart group called Neighbors in Action , led by an outspoken activist and artist named Jeon Francis .
Even after the city 's request for proposals indicated that a commercial project would be a hard sell , Francis has continued to push for Holtkamp and Zmij 's idea . A neighbor in Action online petition , supporting reuse of the church and the rock-climbing concept , has garnered more than 660 signatures . Some of those supporters live in the neighborhood . Others reside in different cities or states .
`` We are being presented with an opportunity that goes beyond saving one of our historic buildings , by providing us with the potential to reinvent , readapt and re-attract , '' Francis said . `` Saving Fifth Church is almost like the icing on the cake , because the concept itself has the potential to allow the neighborhood to rebrand , possibly , as the recreational and healthy-living neighborhood . There are state-of-the-art facilities in other states that people specifically travel to . ''
Other neighbors feel caught in the middle . The Edgewater Homeowners ' board does n't necessarily represent the voices of all of its members , some of whom said they feel steamrollered and frustrated by their leadership 's single-minded focus on residential development . But even residents who have been fighting for the church for decades acknowledge that the building might be beyond saving .
And all the finger-pointing - at neighborhood groups , at past investors who walked away , at the city and at the forces behind the recent development-killing recession - distracts from the broader context . As Zone tells it , the city has to act soon . If not , officials could lose more than the church . They might risk losing Carnegie 's retail development , if further delays cause tenants including Giant Eagle to look elsewhere . Peter Meisel , a Carnegie principal , declined to comment .
`` The best outcome would have been if somebody could have repurposed the church for residential , '' Zone said . Now , though , `` we have a commercial development that 's ready to go forward with an anchor tenant . And if this thing lags on much longer , it might implode that whole idea of commercial development on Clifton . ... Some people are so singularly focused on one issue that it has the opportunity to erode the overall integrity of that whole neighborhood . ''
We 've been working at and on various issues all day and users are seeing some improvements – and here 's a wonky but useful tip that should significantly improve some players ' experiences : When you are in the matchmaking state , looking for players , make sure that the column on the right is headed by the string , “ In Lobby ” - Usually with gray boxes beneath , until a whole game is gathered.If it 's in any other state , or you do n't see that it says “ In Lobby ” as pictured , you will not successfully join a game . Simply press “ B ” to back out to the main menu , then go back into Multiplayer and Find Game . You should see “ In Lobby ” and have a much better chance of finding a good session . These shots demonstrate “ good ” and “ bad ” conditions you should be attempting to get to.Awkward ? Yes . Sorry ! But simple and a tiny band-aid while we work on the bigger medicine . More news as we fix more stuff.-Frankie * It is possible to find a match in the bad state but far less likely *
0 Cam Newton jumps fence to play football with seventh-graders
DAVIDSON , N.C. - Students at the Community School of Davidson had a celebrity encounter on the playground Friday afternoon .
MONDAY UPDATE : Cam 's surprise visit goes viral on social media
Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was driving by the school while filming for a show when he noticed a student wearing his jersey on the playground , Channel 9 first reported Saturday morning .
PHOTOS : Cam Newton plays football with awestruck students
Mimi Siadak , a seventh-grade teacher , said Newton asked the teachers for permission and then hopped the fence to toss a football .
“ The students just herded all around him . I still ca n't believe he did that , ” Siadak said .
Newton also posed for a “ dabbing ” photo with the awestruck students and got the group to heckle one of their teachers wearing a Steelers lanyard .
“ I saw one girl crying and hyperventilating and when I asked , ‘ Honey what 's wrong ? ' she said , ‘ That was just the best moment of my life , ' ” Siadak said .
Siadak said it took some time to redirect her students ' attention toward class after the surprise visit .
“ The kids were having the hardest time coming down , and I was having the hardest time too , because I was so excited , ” Siadak said .
Kathleen McMillan , another seventh-grade teacher , gave her lesson on figurative language a Cam Newton theme to ease the kids back into class .
To explain personification , one student wrote , “ The football grinned with joy when Cam picked it up . ”
ICYMI : # CamNewton saw a student wearing his jersey Friday so he stopped to play football : https : //t.co/h0sJ8uwNFz pic.twitter.com/NrAsxCdHbW — WSOCTV ( @ wsoctv ) April 25 , 2016
Another student came up with the alliteration , “ Cam came cuz cats are cool . ”
Students also wrote notes to Newton to thank him for the visit that one student said , “ provided so much adrenaline and excitement into our school . ”
Another student wrote , “ I am in a hard place in my life , because my parents are getting divorced . But to me you are now a symbol of hope and that even when things go bad there is always happiness . ”
Another seventh-grader wanted to make sure Newton felt like he could join playground football whenever he wanted .
“ Feel free to come back at any time . You are always welcome ! Keep pounding , ” she wrote .
Siadak said the seventh-graders will never forget the experience .
“ Overall , the energy of the kids when they came back in , they were just star struck . I mean you have to imagine that is one of their , a lot of them , that is their role model , ” Siadak said .
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com :
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
Another study looked at a similar program , called Diversify . Conducted by Simone Ispa-Landa at Northwestern University , it showed how gender politics and gender performance impacted the way the minority students were seen at the school . The study shows that “ as a group , the Diversify boys were welcomed in suburban social cliques , even as they were constrained to enacting race and gender in narrow ways. ” Diversify girls , on the other hand , “ were stereotyped as ‘ ghetto ' and ‘ loud ' ” —behavior that , when exhibited by the boys in the program , was socially rewarded . Another finding from her study was that because of the gender dynamics present at the school—the need to conform to prevalent male dominance in the school— “ neither the white suburban boys nor the black Diversify boys were interested in dating ” the minority girls . The girls reported being seen by boys at their schools as “ aggressive ” and not having the “ Barbie doll ” look . The boys felt that dating the white girls was “ easier ” because they “ ca n't handle the black girls . ”
The black boys in Ispa-Landa 's study found themselves in peculiar situations in which they would play into stereotypes of black males as being cool or athletic by seeming “ street-smart. ” At the same time , though , they would work to subvert those racial expectations by code-switching both their speech and mannerisms to put their white classmates at ease . Many of the boys reported feeling safer and freer at the suburban school , as they would not be considered “ tough ” at their own schools . It was only in the context of the suburban school that their blackness conferred social power . In order to maintain that social dominance , the boys engaged in racial performance , getting into show fights with each other to appear tough and using rough , street language around their friends .
In the case of the girls , the urban signifiers that gave the boys so much social acceptance , were held against them . While the boys could wear hip-hop clothing , the girls were seen as “ ghetto ” for doing the same . While the boys could display a certain amount of aggression , the girls felt they were penalized for doing so . Ispa-Landa , in an interview , expressed surprise at “ how much of a consensus there was among the girls about their place in the school. ” She also found that overall , the girls who participated in diversity programs paid a social cost because they “ failed to embody characteristics of femininity ” that would have valorized them in the school hierarchy . They also felt excluded from the sports and activities that gave girls in those high schools a higher social status , such as cheerleading and Model U.N. , because most activities ended too late for the parents of minority girls . Holland notes that minority parents were much more protective of the girls ; they expressed no worries about the boys staying late , or over at friend 's houses .
Police investigate a crime scene after two people were shot in the Westside area of Chicago in June
More than 2,000 people have been killed or injured in gun violence this year in America 's third biggest city .
Shootouts between suspected gang members on the last day of the 4 July holiday weekend brought the number of shooting victims in Chicago in 2016 so far to 2,021 .
The total for the whole of 2015 was just over 2,900 , the Chicago Tribune said .
The city 's police force had hoped that a new strategy for dealing with gun violence had been working .
Earlier in the weekend , Superintendent Eddie Johnson told reporters : `` We 're making progress . It 's not success yet , but this goes a long way . ''
Gang Violence , Politics And Chicago
But , on Tuesday , nearly 30 people were shot , bringing the weekend 's toll to 66 , with at least five fatalities .
Among those injured was a five-year-old girl and her eight-year-old cousin , who were both shot in the leg while playing with sparklers .
Two other children were also hit by gunfire .
When Supt Johnson held a later news conference , he blamed the problem on the number of guns on the street .
Over Dozen Hurt In Chicago Shooting
He denied the violence was a result of too few officers on the street and called for new laws to lengthen prison sentences for people who are convicted of more than one gun offence .
He said : `` This is another example of the fact that we have too many guns on the streets of Chicago and too many people willing to use them . ''
The 4 July weekend is often the most violent in the city and this year 5,000 officers were on duty in key areas .
So far this year , 315 people have been murdered as a result of gun crime .
Earlier this year , a man was shot while he was broadcasting live on Facebook .
IT 'S ... A ... WRAP !
Thanks to eveyone who tuned into the live stream channels during the 2018 MATE international competition . You can still view the action , and relive the experience , by visiting the MATE Inspires Twitch channels or clicking on any of the following links :
Thursday :
Opening Ceremonies
Product Demonstration Live Stream with Commentary
Product Demonstration Cameras for Ranger Stations 1/2
Product Demonstration Cameras for Ranger Stations 3/4/5
Product Demonstration Cameras for Explorer Stations 1/2/3/4 ( no activity )
Alumni Panel
Friday :
Product Demonstration Live Stream with Commentary ( morning )
Product Demonstration Live Stream with Commentary ( afternoon )
Product Demonstration Cameras for Ranger Stations 1/2
Product Demonstration Cameras for Ranger Stations 3/4/5
Product Demonstration Cameras for Explorer Stations 1/2/3/4
Saturday :
Bonus Mission Live Stream with Commentary
Bonus Mission Cameras at Ranger Stations 1/2
Bonus Mission Cameras at Ranger Stations 4/5
Awards Ceremony
- or -
Check-out the MATE Inspires Twitch channels for videos and clips :
MATEinspires1
MATEinspires2
MATEinspires3
MATEinspires4
If you have comments , questions , or requests regarding the live stream or the live stream recorded content , please email Mike Pesavento ( mpesavento @ marinetech.org ) .
If you 're looking for a MATE Center video , please visit the Vimeo website .
Dry summer , tighter regulations and more spending by water companies sees 98.5 % of beaches monitored by the Environment Agency meet EU standards
England 's bathing waters are the cleanest ever recorded thanks to a dry summer , tighter EU regulations and increased spending by water companies .
Of the 413 beaches monitored up to 20 times a year by the Environment Agency for their pollution , 98.5 % passed the minimum EU limit . Of these , 69 % were rated “ excellent ” and 27 % “ good ” . Water at five persistently failing beaches met the minimum standard for the first time , but six beaches failed .
However , bathing water in Scotland was notably more polluted than in England . According to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency , 17 beaches out of the 84 monitored had an “ excellent ” classification , 38 were “ good ” but 17 failed .
In Northern Ireland , 20 out of 23 beaches were classed as “ excellent ” or “ good ” , and only one failed . Wales had not posted its results on Tuesday .
The Environment Agency acknowledged that the English results , which cover the past four years , reflected dry summer weather in 2016 . This saw less polluted water spill into the sea from drains , sewers and farms .
“ The 2015 results included the 2012 bathing season , which was notably wet with subsequently poorer quality . While the 2016 bathing season started wet , weather conditions improved during the course of this season , ” said the agency .
Environment groups welcomed the results , but warned that standards must not be allowed to slip .
“ The continuing improvement of England 's beaches and bathing water are a terrific success story . Ministers must now ensure that this is not the high watermark for the quality of our coastal environment – and that the tough EU rules that have driven these vast improvements are kept no matter what Brexit looks like , ” said Friends of the Earth campaigner Samuel Lowe .
“ These results are welcome . Europe 's water directive , combined with the safer seas service which monitors bathing water pollution on an hourly basis at over 100 popular beaches , means we have the toughest water quality standards in the world , ” said a spokesman for Surfers Against Sewage .
Bathing water pollution , which can cause eye and ear infections and gastroenteritis , has dramatically improved since EU bathing water regulations were introduced in 1976 . In 1991 , the water off more than one in four beaches in Britain was considered too dirty to bathe in .
What has the EU ever done for my … beach ? Read more
The threat of heavy fines and beach closures by the EU in the 1990s forced British water companies to spend billions of pounds to limit discharges of pollution from raw sewage and animals .
Since 2006 , when standards were further raised again by the EU , water companies have had to spend hundreds of millions more pounds on treating water before it is discharged into the sea .
The money spent on avoiding pollution is thought to have contributed to a significant rise in the number of people choosing to holiday in Britain and visit beaches in 2016 .
The latest figures show almost 14 million people chose to holiday at an English beach in 2015 - up 7 % on 2014 , said the Environment Agency .
“ We will continue to ensure bathing waters are maintained and improved further , so we need partners and the public to work with us to reduce pollution , ” said Sir James Bevan , chief executive of the Environment Agency .
KOCHI : nion Tourism Minister Alphons Kannanthanam today said 14 out of 16 loss-making hotels owned by state-run ITDC will be sold off to private parties as running money-making hotel business is not a government job The minister , however , said that he wished to retain the prestigious Ashoka Hotel in New Delhi under government control and make it a `` very good '' international hotel in the national capital . `` It has been decided to sell off 14 hotels owned by ITDC as running money-making businesses like hotels are not good for a government . The decision to sell off the hotels was taken much earlier . `` `` One or two hotels will be retained under government control ... I have a wish ... to retain Ashoka hotel in New Delhi under government control and make it a very good international hotel , '' the minister told a meet-the-press programme organised by the Ernakulam Press Club here.India Tourism Development Corporation ( ITDC ) is a public sector undertaking that currently runs 16 hotels in Delhi , Patna , Jammu , Ranchi , Bhubaneswar , Puri , Bhopal , Bharatpur , Jaipur , Guwahati , Mysore , Puducherry and Itanagar.Kannanthanam also said steps would be taken to open high-end restaurants and provide better amenities at important tourist attractions like Qutub Minar as it was necessary to attract more foreign tourists to the country . `` We will light up the areas around Qutub Minar ... We will start high-end restaurants at such tourism destinations without damaging the environment , '' he said.Noting that better amenities were being provided at international tourism destinations like Eiffel Tower and Louvre in France , the minister said such facilities should be provided at tourist spots in India too so that more tourists could be attracted there.Lamenting that only 8.8 million foreign tourists visit India annually which is a very ancient civilisation , the minister said India 's rich cultural heritage has to be showcased in a better way to attract more tourists and generate more revenue from the sector.He said India is a fantastic place to visit as it is also `` beyond incredible '' .
Compiled by Ruth Hurmence Green
Independent reading of the bible is a traumatic experience for someone taught from childhood that the bible is a `` book about love . '' Side by side with some morally defensible admonishments , one finds repeated instructions to hate and to kill . The Mosaic law , that commands the reader to kill the child who curses its father and mother and to stone the woman not a virgin when she marries , was upheld by Jesus , `` every jot and tittle . ''
The `` loving '' gods of both the Old and New Testaments emerge as mean and vengeful , possessed , as Bertrand Russell said , of `` an uneasy vanity . ''
The apologist for the bible , who insists that it is just an occasional passage that is a problem , overlooks the avalanche of mass murders commanded and perpetrated by the biblical Lord . Live burials , beatings , burnings , cannibalism , buying and selling of human beings , and the chopping off of heads , hands , feet , ears and plucking out of eyes all fill the pages of the `` Good Book . ''
Here is a listing of bible images . When you read it you will know why Thomas Paine called the bible `` a history of wickedness that has served to corrupt and brutalize . '' You will know why kind and discerning individuals in our society object to the bible 's use in public ceremonies . You will understand why educational organizations such as the Freedom From Religion Foundation are endeavoring to work for the absolute separation of state and church .
Anne Nicol Gaylor
Freedom From Religion Foundation
A
A delicate woman doing evil to her children and eating them
Deut . 28:56-57
A fair woman without discretion resembling a jewel of gold in a swine 's snout
Proverbs 11:22
A human body wallowing in blood on the highway
II Sam . 20:12
Abandoning orphans
Psalms 109:7-20
An angel killing 185,000 warriors in one night
II Kings 19:35
Angels consorting with women of earth
Gen. 6:4
Asking your neighbors to help you stone a stubborn son to death
Deut . 21:18-21
B
Bears devouring 42 children
II Kings 2:23-24
Beating slaves to death in stages
Ex . 21:20-21
Beating your child black and blue
Proverbs 23:13-14
Proverbs 22:15
Proverbs 20:30
Boiling and eating your son
II Kings 6:29
Breaking and chopping up human bones and seasoning human flesh , flaying flesh off bones
Micah 3:2-3
Ezekiel 24:10
Daniel 6:24
Burning books , denouncing science , closing mouths , becoming fools
Acts 19:19 ( books )
Titus 1:10-11 ( mouths )
I Timothy 6:20 ( science )
I Cor . 3:18 ( fools )
Burning women accused of witchcraft and men accused of wizardry
Lev . 20:27
Ex . 22:18
Burning your only daughter alive to fulfill a promise
Judges 11:39
Burning your son as a sacrifice
II Kings 3:27
Burning 250 princes alive
Num . 16:35
Burying a criminal 's wife and children alive
Num . 16:27 , 33
Buying a wife with 200 male foreskins
I Sam . 18:25
Buying your brother to be your slave
Deut . 15:12
Buying your rape victim for your wife
Deut . 22:29
C
Castrating men for the Lord
Isaiah 56:4-5
Matt . 19:12
Chopping off heads , hands , feet , ears and plucking out eyes
Matt . 18:8-9
John 18:10
Num . 25:9
Matt . 14:10
II Sam . 4:7 , 12
Circumcising a child with a sharp stone
Ex . 4:24-26
Circumcising thousands at one time
Joshua 5:2-8
Circumcising yourselves to the Lord and taking away the foreskins of your heart
Jeremiah 4:4
Cursing a tree and three cities
Matt . 21:19 ( tree )
Matt . 11:22-23 ( cities )
Cursing children and animals
Deut . 28:18
Cursing people with blindness , leprosy , hemorrhoids , consumption , madness , sickness , starvation , thirst , pestilence
Num . 12:10
II Kings 5:27
II Kings 15:5
II Kings 6:18
Acts 13:6-12
Lev . 26:16-39
Deut . 28:15-68
I Sam . 5:6
II Sam . 24:15
Cutting up a woman 's body and distributing the pieces
Judges 19:29
D
Dashing little ones against the stones
Psalm 137:9
Isaiah 13:16
Delivering people up to the torturer
Matt . 18:34-35
Matt . 13:41-42
Designing an eternal torture chamber for most people of the world and describing their screams
Matt . 13:50
Matt . 7:14
Luke 13:24
Matt . 13:42
Devils tearing peoples ' bodies to get out , jumping into pigs , talking and walking about , turning into snakes
Luke 8
Luke 9:38-42
Job 1:7
Mark 3:11
Mark 1:23-28
I Peter 5:8
Gen. 3:1
Discovering women 's secret parts
Isaiah 3:16-17
Dividing the prey , to every man a damsel or two
Judges 5:30
Drinking poison , handling snakes , jabbering nonsense
Mark 16:17-18
Drinking the blood of the slain
Num . 23:24
Drinking your own urine and eating your own excrement . Urinating on public walls
Isaiah 36:12
I Kings 14:10
Drowning women , men , children , embryos and and animals by inches
Gen. 7:23
E
Eating human flesh and drinking human blood
John 6:53
Eating the flesh of your own arm , the flesh of your children and of a friend
Lev . 26:29
Isaiah 9:2
Jeremiah 19:9
Deut . 28:53
Eyes consuming away in their holes and tongues consuming away in their mouths
Zechariah 14:12
Exorcising devils from people 's bodies
Mark 1:23-27
Mark 1:34
Mark 5:2-14
Mark 16:17
Matt . 8:28-32
Matt . 17:14-18
Matt . 9:32-33
Matt . 12:22
Luke 8:28
Luke 13:32
Luke 8:2
Luke 9:1
Luke 10:17
Luke 9:39 , 42
F
Fastening human beings to trees
Mark 15:25
Joshua 8
Acts 5:30
Filling the altars and courtyards with blood of sacrificial animals
Lev . 16:11 , 15
Filling the courts with the slain
Ezekiel 9:7
Filling the sword of the Lord with blood
Isaiah 34:2-6
Judges 7:18
Forbidding men to touch the bodies of women and the dead
I Cor . 7:1
I Cor . 7:29
Lev . 21:11
Forbidding women to learn , adorn themselves , speak in church , teach or visit friends
I Cor . 14:34-35
I Tim . 2:11-12
I Tim . 5:13
I Tim . 2:9
Forcing a woman to marry seven brothers
Luke 20:29-32
G
Giving your children away
Deut . 28:32
Gods impregnating human beings
Matt . 1:18
Luke 1:35
Genesis 6:2
H
Hacking a man to death
I Sam . 15:33
Hanging up heads against the sun . Putting children 's heads in baskets . Nailing a head to the ground
Num . 25:4 , 9
II Kings 10:7
Judges 4:21
Hating , abandoning and delivering your family up to authorities . Being rude to your mother and sisters
Matt . 10:35
Matt . 10:21
Matt . 19:29
Ezra 10
John 2:4
Matt . 12:48
Luke 14:26
Hating this life and this world to gain the next . Despising your body
John 12:25
Matt . 6:33
Romans 8:18
Mark 8:35
Romans 8:10
Having repeated sexual intercourse in public view with your neighbor 's wives and your fathers ' wives
II Sam . 12:11
II Sam . 16:22
Having sexual relations with your wife and her mother
Lev . 20:14
Healing with spit and magic and oil and laying on of hands , faith , a brass snake , aprons , handkerchiefs , prayer , by dipping into a pool , a garment hem , a lump of figs , and shadow .
James 5:13-15
Acts 19:11-12
Mark 16:18
Mark 5:25-30
Mark 5:34
Mark 7:33
II Kings 20:7
Num . 21:8
John 5:4
Acts 5:15
Hiding in vineyards to capture girls as they dance
Judges 21:20-23
Hiring a hitman to kill your brother
I Kings 2:25
Human entrails gushing out
Acts 1:18-19
Judges 3:22
I
Ignorance being elevated above wisdom . People being told to become as children
I Cor . 1:27
I Cor . 1:19
I Cor . 4:10
Matt . 18:3
Incest : raping your sister ; impregnating your daughers ; marrying your sister ; impregnating your daughter-in-law
II Sam . 13:1-22
Gen. 19:36
Gen. 20:12
Gen. 38:13-27
Inflicting childbirth pain as punishment
Gen. 3:16
K
Kidnapping virgins for sex partners
Judges 21:7-14
Killing a child to punish the father
II Sam . 12:14
Killing all your grandchildren and nephews
II Kings 11:1
II Kings 10:13-14
Killing all your servants
II Kings 14:5-7
Killing a man 's children and replacing them with another set
Book of Job
Killing everyone breathing
Num . 21:35
Joshua 8:26
Deut . 20:16
Num . 21:3
Joshua 9:11-21
Joshua 10:28-40
Killing man , woman , infant , suckling
I Sam . 15:3
Deut . 3:6
Killing your brothers
Gen. 4:8
II Chron . 21:4
Ex . 32:37
Judges 9:5
Killing your enemies with swords , hailstones , slingshots , arrows , and by crushing , fiery serpents and hornet stings , flaying off their skin and whipping them to death with an animal bone and an ax goad
Judges 3:31
Judges 16:27 , 30
Judges 15:14
I Kings 20:28-30
Ex . 9:25
Deut . 13:15
Num . 21:6
Deut . 32:23-25
Deut : 7:20
Killing 50,000 innocent persons because a few looked into a box
I Sam . 6:19
L
Letting your neighbors help you stone and burn your children alive
Deut . 13:6-10
Deut . 22:20-21
Deut . 21:18-21
Lions breaking bones of husbands , wives and children
Daniel 6:24
M
Making innocent pay for misdeeds of the guilty
Romans 5:12
Gen. 3
Josh . 27:24-26
II Sam . 12:11-14
I Sam . 6:19
Ex . 20:5
II Sam . 24:15
Making people disobey so you can punish them
Ex . 12:28-29
John 12:39-40
Romans 9:16-22
II Peter 2:9
Ezekiel 14:9
Making the sun stand still
Joshua 10:13
Making wives barren , ravishing them and giving them to someone else , all to punish their husbands
Deut . 28:30
Isaiah 13:16
II Sam . 12:11
Jeremiah 8:10
Zechariah 14:2
Jeremiah 6:12
Gen. 20:18
I Sam . 25:44
II Sam . 16:21
II Sam . 12:11
II Sam . 6:23
Making your child `` pass through the fire ''
II Kings 21:6
II Kings 16:3
II Kings 17:17
Mountains melting with blood ; rivers and moon turning to blood ; the sword of the Lord filled with blood ; shedding of blood for redemption ; pour out blood by the force of the sword
Ex . 7:20
Matt . 26:28
Rev . 6:12
Isaiah 34:6
Jeremiah 18:21
Isaiah 34:3
Mutliating the dead
II Sam . 4:7 , 12
O
Obtaining slaves by buying the heathen , taking captives , buying a brother
Lev . 25:45
Lev . 25:48
II Chron . 28:8
Deut . 15:12
Offering your virgin daughters to perverts
Gen. 19:4-8
One thousand women belonging to one man
I Kings 11:3
P
Pimping for your wife
Gen. 12:11-19
Gen. 20:2-18
Gen. 26:6-12
Plotting the death of your paramour 's husband
II Sam . 11:14-15
Punishing a whole people for one person 's sin
I Kings 20:42
II Sam . 24
I Kings 17:1
Gen. 3:14-19
Purifying virgins with 12 months of perfume and oil
Esther 2:12
Putting a knife to your child 's throat
Gen. 22:10
Putting babies to the sword
Matt . 2:16
Putting brothers , companions and neighbors to the sword
Ex . 32:27
Hosea 13:8
Putting the sword to all the firstborn of an entire country
Ex . 12:29
Putting your feet on captives ' necks
II Sam . 22:35-41
Joshua 10:24
R
Refusing to heal a child because of its race
Matt . 15:26
Refusing to share your children as food for friends
Deut . 28:55
II Kings 6:29
Revilling and abusing the sick , handicapped and deformed
II Sam . 5:8
Num . 5:2-4
Lev . 21:1-23
Ripping up pregnant women
II Kings 15:16
S
Sacrificing human beings to gods
Matt . 27:35
Judges 11:39
II Sam . 21:1-9
II Kings 16:3
II Kings 17:17
II Kings 21:6
Ex . 22:29
Seducing your own father and kinsman
Gen. 19:30-38
Ruth 3:4-15
Selling your daughter into slavery
Ex . 21:7
Selling a whole family to pay a debt
Matt . 18:23-25
Selling yourself into slavery
Matt . 18:23-25
Sending your wife and child into the desert alone
Gen. 21:14
Separating oneself from those of another doctrine
Romans 16:17
1 Tim . 6:5
Seven women taking hold of one man
Isaiah 4:1
Sexually abusing women to death
Judges 19:25
Shedding blood for atonement for the soul
Lev . 17:11
Hebrews 9:22
John 1:7
Matt . 26:28
Slaying old and young , maids and little children and women , but sparing the men
Ezekiel 9:6
Slavishly obeying husbands , parents , masters , state , gods
Gen. 3:16
I Cor . 11:3
James 4:7
Romans 13:1
Ephesians 5:22
Ephesians 6:5
Ephesians 6:1
Colossians 3:18
Colossians 3:20
Colossians 3:22
Spreading excrement on human faces ; spitting in your child 's face ; washing your feet in blood
Malachi 2:3
Num . 12:14
Psalms 58:10
Stoning and burning whole families
Joshua 7:24-26
Num . 16:35
Stoning women for being rape victims
Deut . 22:21
Stoning and burning women for not being virgins
Deut . 22:21
Lev . 21:9
Stoning your brothers , son , daughter , and wife for worshipping differently from yourself
Deut . 13:6-10
Stoning a man for picking up sticks
Num . 15:35-36
Stoning a youth for blasphemy
Lev . 24:23
Stripping women of their clothing and jewelry
Ezekiel 16:39
T
Taking women and children as spoils of war and dividing up the virgins and babies
Num . 31:18-40
Deut . 20:14
II Chron . 28:8
Tearing off women 's breasts
Ezekiel 23:24
Ten virgins awaiting one bridegroom
Matt . 25:1-3
Throwing a woman from a window to be run over by horses and eaten by dogs
II Kings 9:32-37
Throwing babies into a river
Ex . 1:22
Thrusting people through and stabbing them in the belly with a concealed dagger
Num . 25:8
Isaiah 13:15
Judges 3:21
Zech . 13:3
Torturing animals by hanging them , tying them together and setting their tails on fire , drowning them , and afflicting them with plagues
II Sam . 8:4
Judges 15:4-5
Ex . 9:3,6
Ex . 14:28
Torturing victims with briers , thorns , harrows , saws , passing through fire , the brick kiln , plagues , eternal fire , frogs , lice , flies , thirst , hunger , boils , and sores
Matt . 13:49-50
Num . 21:5-9
Judges 8:16
II Sam . 12:31
I Chron . 20:3
Job
II Kings 8:1
II Sam . 18:14
Ex . 23:28 , 30
Ex . 7-11
Num . 16:41-49
II Sam . 24:15
Joshua 10:10-11
Num . 11:33
`` Trying out '' virgins
Esther 2:12-14
Turning a used woman into the streets at will
Deut . 21:11-14
Deut . 24:1-3
Matt . 19:7-8
Gen. 21:14
U
Using a virgin to give an old man heat
I Kings 1:1-2
W
Warning women not to become mothers
Matt . 24:19
Luke 23:29
Wild beasts , fowl , dogs and swords devouring flesh
Ezekiel 33:27
Deut . 28:26
Lev . 26:22
Jeremiah 15:3
Wiping out whole cities with napalm or war
Joshua 6
Gen. 19
Num . 21:25
Deut . 2:34
Women kissing men 's feet and drying them with their hair
Luke 7:45
John 12:3
Z
Zapping innocents -- throughout .
The latest United Nations Security Council vote , which is not just about Israeli settlements but also challenges Israel 's claim to parts of the Old City of Jerusalem among other sites sacred to Jews , Christians and Muslims , is just one of dozens of anti-Israel measures passed by the world body in 2016 .
ISRAEL SUGGESTS WASHINGTON SHOULD CONSIDER CUTTING FUNDS TO UNITED NATIONS AFTER SECURITY COUNCIL VOTE
The U.N. General Assembly adopted 20 anti-Israel resolutions this year , while passing just four for the rest of the world – one for North Korea , one for Syria , one for Iran and one for Russia .
PM : The nations of the world respect strong countries that stand up for themselves and do not respect weak countries that bow their heads . pic.twitter.com/Jsz28HSezh — PM of Israel ( @ IsraeliPM ) December 26 , 2016
A variety of U.N. agencies singled out Israel for rebuke .
ISRAEL BRACES FOR TENSIONS AS KERRY PLANS MAJOR SPEECH
The World Health Organization condemned Israel as the world 's only violator of “ mental , physical and environmental health . ”
U.N. Women chastised Israel as the world 's only violator of women 's rights making no mention of misogynistic practices in Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran and other societies oppressing women .
The International Labor Organization condemned Israel as the only violator of labor rights .
UNESCO , which is charged with safeguarding World Heritage sites and history , adopted a resolution condemning Israel for engaging in aggressive actions in East Jerusalem , referring to the holiest site in Judaism , the Temple Mount and Western Wall , solely by Islamic names Haram al-Sharif , Al Aqsa Mosque , and Buraq Wall Plaza , negating thousands of years of Jewish and Christian heritage . The Buraq is the winged horse that , according to Islamic tradition , the Prophet Muhammed rode during the Night of Ascension to heaven .
Israel captured East Jerusalem , including the Old City of Jerusalem , from Jordan in the 1967 Israel-Arab Six-Day War . Israel also captured the West Bank from Jordan , which includes Bethlehem and other Biblical sites .
The United States broke with past practice last week and allowed the Security Council to condemn Israeli settlements in the West Bank and east Jerusalem as a `` flagrant violation '' of international law .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the resolution `` absurd . '' A tweet from the prime minister 's account Tuesday read : `` The nations of the world respect strong countries that stand up for themselves and do not respect weak countries that bow their heads . ''
`` The ( resolution ) proves that the world rejects the settlements , as they are illegal , '' President Mahmoud Abbas said early Tuesday in his first public remarks since the U.N. vote .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Organisers say the first Pride march to take place in Cyprus will highlight the lack of LGBT rights in the country .
Cyprus is set to hold its first ever pride event on Saturday , sixteen years after a law banning homosexuality was repealed .
Authorities in the island 's Turkish Cypriot north , a self-declared state recognised only by Ankara , repealed a similar law in February . A Pride march was held there on 17 May .
Same-sex couples in Cyprus do not receive the same rights as heterosexual couples when it comes to social housing and other benefits .
The International Gay and Lesbian Association ( ILGA ) ranks Cyprus among the lowest of all European countries for LGBT rights .
Costa Gavrielides , from Accept – LGBT Cyprus , said : “ Nothing has happened to improve the legal rights of LGBT [ citizens ] since 1998 .
“ We are strongly pushing for this to materialise… We believe that society has moved on much more than politicians . ”
He added that social attitudes are changing and that the Pride march would push LGBT rights forward and put the island 's LGBT community “ into the limlight . ”
In March , the Archbishop of Cyprus was condemned by politicians in the European Parliament , after he said that governments had “ weakened ” their “ moral integrity ” through equal rights .
The Cyprus Orthodox Church has described being gay as an “ illness which needs treatment ” .
A religious group said it plans the counter march on Saturday .
We started Transit to provide our users with the ultimate urban transport experience . Beginning with public transit , we 've since branched out to pretty much every mode : carsharing , ridesharing , and bikeshare .
Our team works hard to optimize every part of your journey . From locating a vehicle , to planning your trip , to knowing where to disembark , to giving you real-time data on your transit system ( and bike/car/rideshare availability ) so you know what to expect along your commute .
But there 's one part of the experience we had n't been able to improve : payments . Being able to avoid those clunky kiosks , those awful waits , every time you 're in a rush but do n't have a ticket or pass . So we launched an experiment : our first integrated payment system . No kiosks , no third-party websites . Enter in your payment info ( inside the very same app you use to get around 👌 ) get a code , then get going . TThat issimple .
We started with one small system : We-Cycle bikeshare in Aspen , with help from our friends at PBSC .
Today , we have some news .
This photograph of Halley 's Comet was taken Jan. 13 , 1986 , by James W. Young , resident astronomer of JPL 's Table Mountain Observatory in the San Bernardino Mountains , using a 24-inch reflective telescope . Debris from Halley 's Comet produces the Eta Aquarids meteor shower each May . Credit : NASA/JPL
When asked to name a comet , most people will remember Halley 's . Tonight ( May 5 ) , the Eta Aquarid meteor shower , produced by debris from Halley 's Comet , will peak in the night sky , and you can watch live coverage of this Cinco de Mayo meteor shower online .
Late tonight ( May 5 ) and during the early morning hours tomorrow ( May 6 ) , skywatchers will have a chance of sighting a few pieces of Halley 's Comet – `` comet litter , '' if you will – zipping through our atmosphere in the form of meteors . The online Slooh community observatory will host a free webcast of the shower starting at 8 p.m. EDT ( 0000 GMT ) that will stream live at : http : //www.slooh.com .
You can also watch the Eta Aquarid webcast live on Space.com , courtesy of Slooh .
When and Where to Watch
Learn why famous meteor showers like the Perseids and Leonids occur every year [ See the Full Infographic Here ] . ( Image : © Karl Tate , SPACE.com contributor )
The Eta Aquarid meteor shower is predicted to peak on the night of May 5 and into the early morning hours of May 6 . Under ideal conditions ( a dark , moonless sky ) about 40 of these very swift meteors can be seen per hour . The shower appears at about one-quarter peak strength for about three or four days before and after May 6 . [ See some amazing Eta Aquarid meteor shower photos ]
There are , however , two drawbacks if you plan to watch for these meteors this year . First , there is the moon , which was full on Sunday . Although it is now waning ( losing illumination ) , it will still be a bright gibbous phase on the peak morning and will likely `` muscle in '' on the fainter meteor streaks by brightening the early morning sky with its light .
The other obstacle — at least for those watching from north of the equator — is that the radiant ( the emanation point of these meteors ) is at the `` Water Jar '' of the constellation Aquarius , which comes above the southeast horizon around 3 a.m. local daylight time , and never gets very high as seen from north temperate latitudes , so the actual observed rates are usually much lower than the oft-quoted 40 per hour . In North America , typical rates are 10 meteors per hour at 26-degrees north latitude , half this at 35-degrees latitude and practically zero north of 40 degrees .
Catch an Earthgrazer
For most skywatchers , the best hope is catching a glimpse of a meteor emerging from the radiant that will skim the atmosphere horizontally -- much like a bug skimming the side window of an automobile . Meteor watchers call such shooting stars `` Earthgrazers . '' They leave colorful , long-lasting trails .
`` These meteors are extremely long , '' said Robert Lunsford , of the International Meteor Organization . `` They tend to hug the horizon rather than shooting overhead where most cameras are aimed . ''
Bill Cooke , a member of the Space Environments team at the Marshall Space Flight Center , said , `` Earthgrazers are rarely numerous . But even if you only see a few , you 're likely to remember them . ''
Comet Crumbs
If you do catch sight of tonight 's meteor shower , keep in mind that you 'll likely be seeing the incandescent streak produced by material that originated from the nucleus of Halley 's Comet . When these tiny bits of comet collide with Earth , friction with our atmosphere raises them to a white heat and produces the effect popularly referred to as `` shooting stars . ''
So it is , that the shooting stars that we have come to call the Eta Aquarids are really an encounter with the traces of a famous visitor from the depths of space and from the dawn of creation .
Halley 's Comet travels around the sun in an elliptical orbit that takes it beyond the orbit of Neptune and as close to the sun as inside the orbit of Venus ; a trek that takes roughly 75 years to complete . Halley made its last visit to the sun in 1986 and will return to the vicinity of the sun and Earth in summer 2061 .
I 'd love to be around to greet Halley when it returns , but that 's not likely to happen . You see , I was 30 years old at its last appearance ; I 'll stick to my vitamins and do a lot of good wishing , but . . . well , you do the math . It 's possible , not probable .
And yet , during these next few mornings , both you and I will have a chance of sighting a few pieces of Halley zipping through our atmosphere in the form of meteors .
The orbit of Halley 's Comet closely approaches the Earth 's orbit at two places . One point is in the middle to latter part of October , producing a meteor display known as the Orionids . The other point comes in the early part of May , producing the Eta Aquarids .
Editor 's note : If you snap a photo of an Eta Aqaurid meteor tonight and you 'd like to share it with Space.com for a story or image gallery , send images and comments in to : spacephotos @ space.com .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium . He writes about astronomy for Natural History magazine , the Farmer 's Almanac and other publications , and he is also an on-camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , N.Y . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on Space.com .
This piece is a collaboration between tigaer & Nirvaluce
The best description for this one would be just two words : happy accident . I had a nice conversation with a fellow artist about 3d stuff , modeling and sculpting . We came to our current projects and I saw a screenshot of a model she worked on for an exercise . She had no further use for it and I asked if she could send me the model so I could play a little with it . I immediately had some fun with that model playing in Vue , which made clear that we got something nice there . So then we decided to do a collaboration piece .
I was able to find a good composition and a working scene very fast . It even surprised me how fast I had something that really worked . We decided to keep that and I started render out my usual load of plate material for Photoshop . I started and combined the different plates , began with adding effects and details . Then I sent it over to my friend and she added her creative magic . She sent it back to me and I did finalize touches . The result works really well and we 're both pretty happy how it turned out .
What does it show ? Well , not sure . But it could be some giant ancient mysterious alien ruins of sorts .
Vue , Worldmachine , ZBrush , Photoshop , 3500px wide
Find my colleague here ...
Nora Nirvaluce on Behance
Nora Nirvaluce on Artstation
3d model fun render # 1 // 3d model fun render # 2
Quick Concept
Plate
For a wallpaper check here : v5.tigaer-design.com/ ? page_id=…
To stay fully uptodate about my work , feel free to follow me on Facebook : www.facebook.com/tigaerdesign
Is your New Year 's Resolution to read more books ? Make sure to add these Irish classics to your reading list this year
Ireland , considering its size , has produced a large number of world-renowned writers . From Joyce to Wilde , and McGahern and Stoker , here 's IrishCentral 's list of the top 20 classic Irish novels .
1 . James Joyce - `` Ulysses '' ( 1922 )
`` Ulysses '' was first serialized in parts in the American journal The Little Review from March 1918 to December 1920 . It has been called one of the most important works of Modernist literature .
The novel chronicles the passage of Leopold Bloom through Dublin during an ordinary day , 16 June 1904 .
Read More : Following James Joyce 's ‘ Ulysses ' through Dublin on Bloomsday
2 . Oscar Wilde - `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' ( 1890 )
This is the only published novel by Oscar Wilde . It first appeared as the lead story in Lippincott 's Monthly Magazine on 20 June 1890 , printed as the July 1890 issue of this magazine .
The novel tells of a young man named Dorian Gray , the subject of a painting by artist Basil Hallward . Basil is impressed by Dorian 's beauty and becomes infatuated with him , believing his beauty is responsible for a new mode in his art . Dorian meets Lord Henry Wotton , a friend of Basil 's , and becomes enthralled by Lord Henry 's worldview . The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a work of classic gothic horror fiction with a strong Faustian theme .
Read More : Top facts about Oscar Wilde on the anniversary of his death
3 . James Joyce - `` A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man '' ( 1916 )
This semi-autobiographical novel describes the formative years of the life of Stephen Dedalus , a fictional alter ego of Joyce and an allusion to the consummate craftsman of Greek mythology , Daedalus .
Read More : Top 10 interesting facts about James Joyce
4 . John McGahern - `` Amongst Women '' ( 1990 )
`` Amongst Women '' tells the story of Michael Moran , a bitter , aging Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) veteran , and his tyranny over his wife and children , who both love and fear him . It is considered McGahern 's masterpiece .
5 . Flann O'Brien - `` At Swim Two Birds '' ( 1939 )
At Swim-Two-Birds is a 1939 novel by Irish author Brian O'Nolan , writing under the pseudonym Flann O'Brien . It is widely considered to be one of the most sophisticated examples of meta-fiction . The novel was included in TIME magazine 's list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005 .
6 . Oscar Wilde - `` Importance of Being Earnest '' ( 1895 )
Although this one is n't a novel it 's certainly one of the best-told stories with some of the quickest most brilliant one-liners . `` The Importance of Being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People '' was first performed on 14 February 1895 at St. James 's Theatre in London . It 's a farcical comedy in which the protagonists maintain fictitious personae in order to escape burdensome obligations .
Read More : Oscar Wilde poems you wish you 'd always known
7 . Jonathan Swift - `` Gulliver 's Travels '' ( 1726 )
`` Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World , in Four Parts . By Lemuel Gulliver , First a Surgeon , and then a Captain of Several Ships '' , better known simply as `` Gulliver 's Travels '' , is a novel by Irish writer and clergyman Jonathan Swift that is both a satire on human nature and a parody of the `` travellers ' tales '' literary sub-genre .
8 . Flann O'Brien - `` The Third Policeman '' ( 1967 )
This classic initially failed to find a publisher . The author withdrew the manuscript from circulation and claimed he had lost it . The book remained unpublished until his death in 1966 . It then found a massive cult following .
9 . Bram Stoker - `` Dracula '' ( 1897 )
Dracula has been assigned to many literary genres including vampire literature , horror fiction , the gothic novel , and invasion literature . Stoker did not invent the vampire , the novel 's influence on the popularity of vampires has been singularly responsible for many theatrical , film and television interpretations since its publication .
Read More : On this day in history : Irish `` Dracula '' author Bram Stoker dies in 1912
10 . John Banville - `` The Book of Evidence '' ( 1988 )
The book is narrated by Freddie Montgomery , a 38-year-old scientist , who murders a servant girl during an attempt to steal a painting from a neighbor . Freddie is an aimless drifter , and though he is a perceptive observer of himself and his surroundings , he is largely amoral .
11 . Patrick McCabe - `` The Butcher Boy '' ( 1992 )
The Butcher Boy is set in a small town in Ireland in the late 1950s . It tells the story of Francis 'Francie ' Brady , a schoolboy who retreats into a violent fantasy world as his troubled home life collapses .
12 . James Plunkett - `` Strumpet City '' ( 1969 )
`` Strumpet City '' is a historical novel by James Plunkett set in Dublin at the time of the Dublin Lock-out . The novel is an epic , tracing the lives of a dozen characters as they are swept up in the tumultuous events that affected Dublin between 1907 and 1914 .
13 . C. S. Lewis - `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' ( 1950 )
This is the first published book of `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' and is the best-known book of the series . Although it was written and published first , it is second in the series ' internal chronological order , after The Magician 's Nephew . Time magazine included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005 . It has also been published in 47 foreign languages .
14 . Edna O'Brien - `` The Country Girls '' ( 1960 )
The Country Girls was the first novel written by Irish author Edna O'Brien . It was released in 1960 and later made into a movie . It tells the story of Kate and Baba who have spent their childhood together . As they leave the safety of their convent school in search of life and love in the big city , they struggle to maintain their somewhat tumultuous relationship .
Read More : Edna O'Brien 's `` The Country Girls '' trilogy to be celebrated in Dublin over a whole month
15 . Samuel Beckett - `` Molloy '' ( 1951 )
At first , the book concerns two different characters , both of whom have interior monologues in the book . As the story moves along the two characters are distinguished by name only as their experiences and thoughts are , to say the least , similar . The novel is set in an indeterminate place , most often identified with the Ireland of Beckett 's birth . It was written in Paris , along with the other two books ( Malone Dies and The Unnamable ) of `` The Trilogy . ''
Read More : 'All things come to an end ' : A last meeting with Samuel Beckett
16 . Patrick Kavanagh - `` Tarry Flynn '' ( 1948 )
Based on Kavanagh 's experience as a young farmer in Co Monaghan , `` Tarry Flynn '' is set in the 1930s rural Ireland . The story is based on the life of a young farmer poet and his quest for big fields , young women and the meaning of life .
Read More : Remembering Patrick Kavanagh 's 'On Raglan Road ' on the anniversary of his death
17 . Brian Moore - `` Judith Hearne '' ( 1955 )
`` Judith Hearne '' is an unflinching and deeply sympathetic portrait of a woman destroyed by self and circumstance . First published in 1955 , it marked Brian Moore as a major figure in English literature and established him as an astute chronicler of the human soul .
18 . Elizabeth Bowen - `` The Last September '' ( 1929 )
The Last September is Elizabeth Bowen 's portrait of a young woman 's coming of age in a brutalized time and place , where the ordinariness of life floats like music over the impending doom of history .
In 1920 , at their country home in County Cork , Sir Richard Naylor and his wife , Lady Myra , and their friends maintain a skeptical attitude toward the events going on around them , but behind the facade of tennis parties and army camp dances , all know that the end is approaching—the end of British rule in the south of Ireland and the demise of a way of life that had survived for centuries .
19 . Lawrence Sterne - `` Tristram Shandy '' ( 1760 )
`` The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy , Gentleman '' humorously chronicles the life of Tristram Shandy ; this comic account is intertwined with his thoughts and philosophies regarding various issues . The novel is typographically very unusual in a style that is Sterne 's own all the way .
20 . Jennifer Johnston - `` How Many Miles to Babylon ? '' ( 1974 )
The story is the complex tale of a friendship between two boys in Wicklow , Ireland prior to and during World War I. Alec , the son of Anglo-Irish parents grows up lonely and friendless on his parents ' estate in Wicklow during the early years of the 20th century .
Still looking for more Irish literature to read ? Check out these other great titles :
* Originally published in 2013 .
What 's your favorite piece of Irish literature ? Let us know in the comments !
Eric Holthaus . Credit : Twitter : EricHolthaus The incoming administration is likely to be wilfully hostile toward the scientific process , with far-reaching implications . One of the most tangible consequences of sharp cutbacks in federal funding for climate science is the potential loss of critical data - whether by neglect or malice - that underlie global efforts to understand our climate system . By all accounts , that 's exactly what Trump and his team want : ignorance of how human actions are affecting our planet makes it easier to maintain the status quo . As a scientist and a journalist focusing on climate ( and the parent of two toddlers who will one day have to live in the world Trump seems eager to destroy ) , I ca n't sit by and watch this happens . On Saturday , after news broke of Tillerson 's nomination , I began an effort to systematically catalogue and preserve as much of the federal government 's publicly available climate science data as possible in the next five weeks . On December 10 , I tweeted : `` Scientists : Do you have a US .gov climate database that you do n't want to see disappear ? '' and linked to docs.google.com .
President-elect Donald Trump has been a purveyor of conspiracy theories for years , Holthaus writes . Credit : AP Within two days , more than 50 key data sets had been identified , and six of them have already been archived on publicly available non-government servers . Complementary efforts at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Toronto are merging resources to attempt to avoid duplication of effort , and the Penn Program in the Environmental Humanities put the data refuge online on Tuesday afternoon . I 've received offers of support from computer scientists , private data storage companies , investors and lawyers . On Twitter , the most common response to the project was , `` I ca n't believe it 's come to this . '' It 's an extraordinary step to have to take , but we live in an extraordinary moment .
If you believe , as I do , that climate change is among the most serious problems we face as a global society and that , on our current path , climate science dictates a time scale of years , not decades , before truly catastrophic long-term planetary change is irreversibly locked in , then alarm is an appropriate response . Even conservative-leaning scientists , such as meteorologist Ryan Maue , an adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute , are opposed to a potential Trump administration purge of government data . On Twitter , Maue had a suggestion for the incoming president : `` an executive order to ensure all data is maintained and all scientists are transparent and cooperative '' . Simply , this data belongs to the public . Trump can not and should not hold it hostage . One of the first people to respond to my call was Drew Volpe , a Boston-based investor whose personal business model revolves around using publicly available data - often weather data - to increase economic efficiency . `` So much of the innovation in the US happens on the shoulders of publicly funded research , '' Volpe told me . `` If you really want to grow the economy , if you want to create the next Tesla , the next Google ... companies large and small are really built on that innovation . ''
Fears of a Trump-led climate science purge are not without precedent . Former Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper attempted to silence scientists , and in a few cases took unique data sets offline . In Australia , which flirted with its own scientific purge earlier this year , scientists are worried that global climate science may grind to a halt if Trump 's administration carries out a full-scale assault on data . David Karoly , a climate scientist at Melbourne University , told The Sydney Morning Herald that , in the worst-case scenario , the forthcoming Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report might be delayed due to the unavailability of unique climate model output that exists on US government servers and that underpins efforts at universities around the world . That , Karoly said , `` would be an enormous setback for climate science '' . Of course , preserving existing data is only the first step . Ensuring the continuous collection of data requires scientists to keep their jobs - something a bunch of volunteers with a Google Doc and a few hundred terabytes of hard drive space in Iceland ca n't control . Another task beyond the scope of simply archiving existing data is ensuring that the data archive is constantly maintained as new research is conducted .
I genuinely do n't think the Trump administration will intentionally delete data - such an act would be illegal , as well as unforgivable . However , I do anticipate budget cuts that will most likely put data in jeopardy . Having an independent repository of the sum total of American knowledge of the climate system will serve as a testament to future fundraising efforts , if necessary , to support universities or other non-governmental organisations to continue the ( previously public ) practice of climate science in the United States . I see our efforts as a firewall against a hostile administration : The more we can preserve before Trump takes power , the less incentive he has to stand in the way of science . Loading Eric Holthaus is a meteorologist and journalist focused on weather and climate . He lives in Tucson , Arizona . The Washington Post
December 7 , 2014 at 9:01 AM
Mayor Ed Murray is not in town this weekend to personally oversee the city during street protests .
But in an interview Friday , Murray said he was confident that the city 's policing strategy would be successful in his absence .
“ We have spent hours and hours , a significant amount of time , preparing our response and getting our policing ready and deciding the strategy we need , ” the mayor said .
Murray left Friday for a multiple-day trip to the East Coast . He is in Washington , D.C. , this weekend for an annual conference of LGBT elected officials .
Murray will be in New York City on Monday for a summit of mayors on immigration and will return to the nation 's capital on Wednesday for an event with President Obama about early education , he said .
“ If something goes wrong , I will come back . But I believe there are numerous issues I need to work on , ” he said .
“ I have to be mayor on more than one issue , ” Murray added . “ We 're in constant contact . We have various things that are available to a mayor to stay in touch with the police force , and I can make it back there pretty quickly . ”
The mayor said he 'd been satisfied with the Seattle Police Department 's reaction to street protests that began last week after a white Ferguson , Mo. , cop was cleared of criminal charges in connection with the fatal shooting of a black man .
As of Friday afternoon , there had been 12 arrests related to the mostly peaceful protests .
Police said they made seven additional arrests Saturday after a group of about 150 protesters broke away from a larger march organized by University of Washington students .
“ I think we 've had a measured response , ” Murray said Friday . “ The numbers ( of protesters ) are not massive and I think the police have handled it well . When actions have stepped over the line from exercising freedom of speech and political protest , the police have stepped in and acted appropriately and arrested people and will continue to do that . ”
Some protesters have complained about police , by blocking westward routes downtown , causing crowds to march east onto Capitol Hill .
“ That 's not happening , ” Murray said Friday . “ The protesters themselves change where they go . ”
“ I 've been in command headquarters almost every night , ” the mayor added . “ The attempt I see is … How do you keep traffic flowing ? How do you make sure the city can function ? ”
During the World Trade Organization protests of 1999 , protesters were herded onto Capitol Hill , Murray acknowledged .
“ The police know that that was a mistake , ” he said . “ That 's not a tactic now . For some reason the protesters have chosen to hang out in the area of Capitol Hill and downtown . For some reason they 're not protesting in Bellevue or other parts of the city . ”
Times reporter Paige Cornwell contributed material for this article .
Bristol City have parted company with head coach Sean O'Driscoll .
The 56-year-old leaves Ashton Gate with City currently 22nd in League One after just two wins in 18 matches .
He took charge in January with the club bottom of the Championship and was unable to save them from relegation .
Media playback is not supported on this device Lansdown defends O'Driscoll sacking
`` We have given the situation as much time as we could to improve but have become increasingly concerned about the club 's league position , '' said vice-chairman Jon Lansdown .
`` The league table does not lie . We are currently in the relegation zone and have been there for most of the season .
`` This is not acceptable and the board feels that it needs to take action to try and rectify this . ''
Assistant John Pemberton will take charge of the first team for Saturday 's visit to Preston .
O'Driscoll , a former Republic of Ireland international , previously managed at Bournemouth , Doncaster , Crawley and Nottingham Forest .
He was sacked by Championship Forest on Boxing Day 2012 after five months in charge and three weeks later he replaced Derek McInnes as head coach at Bristol City .
Ashton Gate 's revolving door Sean O'Driscoll : Jan-Nov 2013
Derek McInnes : Oct 2011-Jan 2013
Keith Millen : Aug 2010 - Oct 2011
Steve Coppell : May 2010 - Aug 2010
Keith Millen : Mar 2010 - May 2010
Gary Johnson : Sep 2005- Mar 2010
O'Driscoll won three of his first five games in charge of City , but they failed to avoid relegation in May after claiming only two victories in their final 15 games of the season .
He overhauled the squad in the summer and , with the backing of the board , set out his plan to bring stability to a club that despite heavy investment , had fought relegation for two seasons .
City still have one of the biggest budgets in the league and were tipped for promotion . But , after failing to win in their first 12 games , they find themselves third from bottom in the table .
In total , O'Driscoll oversaw just 11 victories in his 44 games in charge of the club .
`` We need to move to ensure that results on the pitch keep up with progress off the pitch , '' added Lansdown .
`` It is vital that we now look to appoint a head coach who buys into our strategy and can help us to continue to grow and develop it successfully . This , of course , includes results on the pitch . ''
Personal/Professional : I am originally from West Allis , Wisconsin ( suburb of Milwaukee ) . I attended UW-Milwaukee and received a B.A . in Philosophy in 1997 , after which I attended DePaul Law School ( Chicago ) and earned a J.D . in 2000 . I am a partner in the two-person law firm Boyd and Kummer , LLC . I practice in the area of litigation . Primarily commercial litigation with some criminal , civil and personal injury . My firm 's website is at : http : //www.boydkummer.com/ Running : I am a recovering alcoholic and drug addict . I spent the 90 's getting and staying sober while gaining a large amount of weight . I started running half marathons and marathons in 2002 arising out of a dare by a co-worker . After about a dozen marathons ( PR of 3:41 ) over five years I grew bored with it . Then I discovered ultra running which sparked a further interest in trail and ultra events in 2012 . From 2012 to 2014 I participated in around 15 ultras including three 100 milers and six 50 milers . I have also participated in the Comrades Ultramarathon in Africa , and numerous “ Fatass ” events such as the world 's longest ( 91.5 mile ) turkey trot from Chicago to Milwaukee . I 'm a big guy who mainly runs in the back of the pack . I chase cutoffs often and from time to time I fail . But I like to think of myself as someone who is n't afraid to take on things that are outside of his comfort zone . My dream is to one day run the Hardrock 100 . This fall I am participating in three of the hardest 100-mile races ( AC100 , Superior Trail100 and Bear100 ) within a 2 month period . In 2014 I started Flatlander Ultrarunners in Chicagoland , a trail and ultra group which now has over 300 members .
Amanda Tichacek
Bio
I grew up in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains , in a small city in central Virginia . My early years were spent playing in the woods , but I became incredibly inactive when I shed the tomboy and entered adolescence . I never participated in sports or even individual exercise . I struggled with my weight and my self-confidence , which would be a recurring theme for the first twenty-eight years of my life . In 2001 , I joined Weight Watchers . As the pounds came off , my self-confidence grew . I supplemented the calorie restriction with aerobics and a run-walk program , and one year later I was 50 pounds lighter . I never enjoyed the running ; I just jogged around the block to maintain the weight loss . On January 1st , 2008–presumably as part of a renewed New Year commitment–I joined the online discussion boards at RunnersWorld.com . I ca n't remember how or when it happened , but suddenly running was fun . Running was exciting . Running was something I could share with other people in this vibrant online community . I met my boyfriend on RunnersWorld.com , also a relatively new runner . He suggested we run the Myrtle Beach Half Marathon on Valentine 's Day 2009 . It sounded romantic so I agreed . It was my first race and I laugh now when I look back at how I trained , but the seed was planted . I loved running . My reward for finishing the half marathon was a pair of Brooks Cascadia trail running shoes . The store employee told me about a club called GUTS , the Georgia Ultrarunning and Trailrunning Society . I could hardly believe some of the stuff I was reading on their discussion board ( people run 100 miles ? ? ! ! ) but I excitedly joined them for a training run . It was my longest run ever at 15+ miles in the mountains of Georgia . Now , not only did I love running , I REALLY loved trail running . I was surprised and inspired to find out that my hometown of Lynchburg , VA was a hotbed for ultrarunning , home of Dr. David Horton . It would be two years before I ran my first ultramarathon , but the addiction spiraled from there as I became more and more embedded into the ultrarunning community of Atlanta . Now I live in Chicago , with the same boyfriend I met on Runner 's World back in 2008 . I am still running ultramarathons , and so is he . These past two years , I have cultivated an entirely new group of running friends and am an active member of two Chicago ultrarunning clubs . I am continually amazed that–even in our small sub-population of ultrarunners–I can travel to Ohio or as far away as California and meet somebody who is a “ friend of a friend ” . Living in Chicago , I have discovered that flat trails make you faster and are great mental training for long races . I have discovered where there are hills in Chicago , and I have discovered how to use a treadmill to simulate mountain running and hiking . I run 50-70 miles per week , 15-20 of those with my dog Roxie . I have been working with an online running coach for two years , in the hopes of becoming just a little bit faster even as I cross into my 40s . I ran my first 100 mile race in June , and I ca n't wait to run the next one . When I 'm not running , I enjoy camping , hiking and bird watching . I will stop mid-stride if it means catching a glimpse of a scarlet tanager or a red-headed woodpecker . I am taking a class in nutrition , with the goal of becoming certified in sports nutrition . I have a small backyard vegetable garden and in one month will have more tomatoes and cucumbers than I will know what to do with . I love the mountains , and my long-term plan is to retire out west where I can spend my days running , gardening , bird-watching , and volunteering my time not only to races and trail maintenance , but also to other social programs . Funding this still-far-away dream is my full-time job as the Associate Director of Research at Emory University , where I work with three HIV and family planning research centers in Rwanda and Zambia . I am blessed to be in a career that exposes me to other cultures and that is directly responsible for saving lives .
Follow
If you have ever seen 2008 's The Dark Knight , you may agree that The Joker , played by the late Heath Ledger , is the most interesting and memorable character of the movie .
In one instance , the psychopathic killer even drops a line which happens to be applicable to the game of hockey :
`` Introduce a little anarchy , upset the established order , and everything becomes chaos , I 'm an agent of chaos , and you know the thing about chaos ? It 's fair . ''
At the NHL level , hockey is a constant battle between order and chaos .
Coaches attempt to implement a sound , stable defensive structure in order to prevent scoring chances , while opposing players use their speed , vision and creativity to disrupt that structure , generate gaps in the coverage , and turn those gaps into goals .
So The Joker is n't quite right when he says that chaos is fair .
In hockey , at least , chaos tips the balance in favor of the offense . Introduce chaos into the system when you have the puck , and you 'll likely gain an edge .
Let 's start by taking a look at a powerplay goal scored by the St. Louis Blues on Friday night :
Watch the clip a few times and you will notice two startling things :
1 ) All five Blues players on the ice touched the puck . Defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk took care of the zone exit before handing off to Paul Stastny for the controlled zone entry . Stastny then made a cross-ice pass to Jaden Schwartz , who bumped the puck up to Alex Steen . Steen then made a quick cross-crease pass to an unguarded Vladimir Tarasenko for the tap-in goal .
2 ) The Blues started the play behind their own net with 20 seconds left in the powerplay . Five touches and 12 seconds later , the puck was in the Minnesota net . The Wild never knew what hit them .
Now , the previous play is really as perfect as it gets . It would n't be realistic to expect a team at any level to routinely execute as well as St. Louis just did .
Still , it could be beneficial to adopt the Blues ' mindset on the man advantage , and treat the zone entry as a chance to create a high-quality scoring chance , rather than merely a way to get all five guys into the offensive zone .
NHL goalies are really , really good . And NHL penalty-killers are pretty good at taking away shooting and passing lanes once they get into defensive coverage . So there are three main ways to score on the powerplay :
a ) Create gaps in coverage with good puck/player movement and exploit that gap with cross-ice passes and one-timers . ( ex : Nick Backstrom to Alex Ovechkin , to the back of the net on the Washington Capitals PP )
b ) Feed the puck to the point , shoot through the coverage , and look for screens , deflections and rebounds . ( ex : Shea Weber on the Nashville PP )
and
c ) Use the additional space on the ice to make controlled entries , create odd-men ( 3 vs. 2 , 2 vs. 1 , 1 vs. 0 ) situations down low , and score before the coverage even has time to get set up ( ex : Tarasenko 's goal for the Blues ) .
Looking at the Canadiens ' powerplay zone entries against the Senators on Friday night , we can see that they are not allowing themselves the benefit of having all three scoring options .
Focus : Generating shots off controlled zone entries on the powerplay
Coaches often talk about `` making adjustments '' over the course of a series , and it could be said that Dave Cameron and the Ottawa Senators have cleaned up some of their defensive zone issues five games into the series .
The Canadiens did outshoot the Sens on Friday night , but generally speaking , they were kept out of the high-danger slot area . It was especially so on the powerplay , where the Habs were 0-4 . Montreal had its share of shots on goal with the man advantage , but Ottawa 's box formation did a good job of denying passing and shooting lanes .
So what happens if you 're not moving the puck crisply enough to `` break '' the box once you have possession in the O-zone ? Do as the Blues , and never allow that box to get set up in the first place . And you do that with a well-executed zone entry .
Montreal did a good job of getting pucks to the net on Friday , and here they are recovering the puck off an Ottawa clear after generating two or three shot attempts at the start of the powerplay . Carey Price sets the puck up for Andrei Markov , who will carry it up the ice . P.K . Subban and David Desharnais swing back while Max Pacioretty and Brendan Gallagher are further up the ice .
As a team , one thing worth thinking about is whether you 'd like to have a designated carrier to move the puck from the goal line to the red line . Every team has set plays once they get into the zone , but not all have specific , tried-and-true patterns before they get there .
One of the overlooked reasons that the Washington Capitals have had the best powerplay in the league for several years now is that the first unit relies on Marcus Johansson to carry the puck in . It 's a no-brainer from the Caps , and everyone else on the ice reads off of him . The results have been pretty good .
Meanwhile at the Bell Centre , Markov has carried the puck past the red line and is about to run into a three-man wall of Ottawa skaters , with one more nipping at his heels , ready to steal the puck away from him .
At the same time , Subban and Desharnais are sitting back on the play , to provide reinforcements in case Markov turns the puck over .
Pacioretty and Gallagher are standing at the blue line , waiting for the puck to cross the line before exploding out of the blocks . Unlike Stastny and Schwartz on the Blues goal , they are not in motion and ready to attack the zone with control . If Markov passes to them , that 's an immediate offside .
Markov is not even going to try to stickhandle through three opposing players , so he dumps the puck in .
Gallagher fires up the jets and attempts to retrieve the puck , but his team has just turned a 5-on-4 into a straight 1-on-1 against the boards , a 50-50 play .
Gallagher does well to win the puck battle , and the Habs are set up in their formation . But so are the Senators , who are 15-for-16 on the penalty kill in the series . Montreal has just wasted a valuable opportunity to create chaos on the zone entry . Ottawa will soon recover the puck and get the clear .
A few seconds later , Subban goes back for the puck and tries to do it all over again . Markov and Gallagher swing back , very much like on the previous rush .
The best way to kill a penalty is never to let your opponent come into your zone at all . Mark Stone is aggressive on the forecheck and almost causes a turnover . Subban would maintain control of the puck , but now he 's lost quite a bit of momentum , and his teammates are a bit further up the ice than they would like to .
We see Ottawa 's familiar three-men wall .
Once again , the puck carrier has no passing options , setting the stage for another dump-in .
... or maybe not .
No one will ever fault Subban for not believing in his own abilities , so despite not having much room to work with , he forces the carry and takes the hit . Cody Ceci 's bodycheck separates Subban from the puck , which slides down toward the corner .
The backchecking Mark Stone gets to the puck before Gallagher and Pacioretty , because he 's had 50 more feet of ice with which to build up speed , and shoots the puck out of the Ottawa zone . This frame looks very much like a typical two-man forecheck at 5-on-5 , except the defending team is free to ice the puck whenever it wants to . Just not a very good place to be in , if you want to score a goal .
What can the Habs do differently in Game 6 , then ?
First , perhaps they may want to have a speedy forward such as Desharnais or Gallagher attempt the zone entry instead of a defenseman . It would allow the puck carrier to be more aggressive on the carry , knowing that both defensemen are there to back him up in case he turns the puck over .
Second , they may want to stretch the Ottawa `` wall '' laterally by making a cross-ice pass at some point in the neutral zone . The rink is 85 feet wide , and it 's hard to cover the whole thing with just three guys . If the attacking team can spread out of the coverage , it 'll be able to open up a corridor along the boards ( good ) or in the middle of the ice ( even better ) .
If those two things fall in place , then the Habs will be in a good position to enter the zone with control ( puck carrier ) and speed ( non-carriers ) .
This is the exact moment the Blues hit the offensive zone on their goal . Notice that the Wild use a similar three-man wall + forechecker scheme as the Sens , but the Blues ' speed and neutral-zone pass has taken the forechecker out of the play and forced the wall to back up and concede the carry .
Yet another cross-ice pass turns the 3-on-3 at the blue line into a 2-on-1 in favor of St. Louis on one half of the ice . Now Minnesota is scrambling - everyone is trying to find their man .
Minnesota finally gets their box set up on the correct side of the ice , but absolutely no one notices Tarasenko speeding toward the back door . And for good cause - he was on the bench when the puck crossed the red line ( another sneaky and effective move by Ken Hitchcock et al . )
All Steen has to do is to slide the puck through to crease to a player no one saw coming .
And it 's a powerplay goal made possible by just the right amount of chaos , right off a great zone entry .
Jack Han is the Video & Analytics Coordinator for the McGill Martlet Hockey team . He also writes occasionally about the NHL for Habs Eyes on the Prize . You can find him on Twitter or on the ice at McConnell Arena .
The recently released emails of a Hillary Clinton insider revealed that her traveling press secretary Nick Merrill called New York Times reporter Amy Chozick an “ idiot ” because he did n't care for a story she wrote .
On February 2 , Chozick reported that many Clinton supporters were becoming skeptical of her campaign manager Robby Mook after a lackluster performance in the Iowa caucus . “ Even before Mrs. Clinton finished her brief remarks to her supporters late Monday night , discussions were underway among her outside advisers and donors about the need to bring in longtime Clinton aides and diminish the role of Robby Mook , her young data-driven campaign manager , ” she reported .
“ We 're [ sic ] people saying Robbie needs to go ? ” asked a surprised Capricia Marshall in a email , among the batch of hacked emails released by DCLeaks . “ Just read in Amy piece – ground was so awesome ! What are you hearing ? Felt badly for her . Wanted a bit more of a win – but it is a win ! ”
“ No . Amy is an idiot , ” Merrill responded . “ There would n't have even been time for folks to say that ! But that 's not where peoples ' heads are . ”
Chozick , when informed of the insult on Twitter , took it in stride .
Indeed she has ; Chozick received death threats from Bernie Sanders supporters after accurately reporting in June that Sanders could no longer win the nomination .
[ Image via screengrab/Twitter ]
—
> > Follow Alex Griswold ( @ HashtagGriswold ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Blizz is a dedicated web conferencing and collaboration solution by TeamViewer . Blizz allows you to easily set-up join online meetings instantly via a web-interface at www.blizz.com . Also , meetings with up to 300 participants can be held on Windows , macOS , Android and iOS devices .
TeamViewer has now released Blizz app for Windows 10 devices . Since it is available from Windows Store , this app can also be installed on the recently announced Windows 10 S operating system .
Blizz features :
Blizz works behind firewalls , automatically detects proxy configurations , so you can always connect
Set up user rights for speaking , chatting and file sharing
Use a whiteboard during meetings to mark up your screen
Share your screen
RSA 2048 public/private key exchange AES 256 bit end-to-end session encryption
Send files to participants in the meeting
Stay connected before and after meetings via instant messaging
High quality video conferencing lets you see and talk to multiple participants simultaneously in a single call .
Attendees can call from their favorite audio channel , be it high quality VoIP , or free local dial-in phone numbers .
Download the app here from Windows Store .
International Shooting Sports Federation shooting event
ISSF 10 meter air rifle Men Number of shots 60+24 Olympic Games Since 1984 World Championships Since 1970 Abbreviation AR60 Women Number of shots 60+24 Olympic Games Since 1984 World Championships Since 1970 Abbreviation AR60
10 meter air rifles is an International Shooting Sports Federation ( ISSF ) shooting event , shot over a distance of 10 metres ( 10.94 yards ) from a standing position with a 4.5 mm ( 0.177 in ) calibre air rifle with a maximum weight of 5.5 kg ( 12.13 lb ) . The use of specialized clothing is allowed to improve the stability of the shooting position and prevent chronic back injury which can be caused by the asymmetric offset load on the spine when the rifle is held in position . It is one of the ISSF-governed shooting events included in the Olympic games .
Shots are fired from the standing position only , as opposed to some other airgun shooting disciplines such as for three positions ( popular in the United States ) or in disabled sports .
The major competitions are the Olympic Games every four years and the ISSF World Shooting Championships every four years ( the Games and the Championships are held two years apart ) . In addition , the event is included in the ISSF World Cup series , the ISSF World Cup Final , in continental championships , and in many other international and national competitions . It is an indoor sport . In many clubs and ranges , electronic targets are now being used instead of the traditional paper targets .
Scores in 10 meter air rifles have improved rapidly during the last few decades . During the 1970s technical advances in the employed match air rifles made the international shooting union , known as the UIT back then , but today the International Shooting Sport Federation ( ISSF ) , decide to reduce the size of the 10 meter air rifle target to its current dimensions .
Rules [ edit ]
Until 2013 , the maximum achievable aggregate score ( qualification + final score ) was 709 for men ( 600 + 109.0 ) and 509 for women ( 400 + 109.0 ) . No top competitor achieved an official perfect aggregate score under these rules .
Under rules introduced in 2013 , the qualification scores that used to be combined with the finals scores for competition results were deleted , and the best eight competitors started all over again . In the 20 shots final , the highest achievable final score was 218.0 points . No top competitor achieved an official perfect final score under these rules .
Rules introduced in 2018 ended the competition format differences between male and female athletes . Also , the final was changed to 24 shots ( 5 shots + 5 shots + 14 shots elimination phase ) . In the final , the highest achievable final score is 261.6 points . Up to 2019 , no top competitor has achieved an official perfect final score under these rules .
Qualification Round [ edit ]
Pre-2013 qualification rules [ edit ]
The course of fire was an unlimited number of sighter shots followed by 60 competition shots for men or 40 competition shots for women , all fired within 75 minutes for men or 50 minutes for women . During this initial or qualification phase a maximum of 10 points was awarded for each shot . Top competitors sometimes achieved maximum results ( a `` possible '' ) for the initial or qualification phase ( 600 for men and 400 for women ) . The majority of these full marks were achieved at non-directly ISSF supervised international and national-level matches and championships , where official ISSF recognized world records can not be set . [ 1 ] This leads to many national records in fact being equal to the world records .
2013 to 2018 qualification rules [ edit ]
The course of fire was 60 competition shots for men or 40 competition shots for women , all fired within 75 minutes for men or 50 minutes for women . During this initial or qualification phase a maximum of 10.9 points was awarded for each shot . The highest possible 60 shots score for men was 654.0 points and for woman 436.0 points .
2018 qualification rules [ edit ]
ISSF rules introduced in 2018 ended the gender differences , expanding the 40 shots qualification phase for women into 60 shots , setting the highest possible 60 shots score at 654.0 points .
Finals [ edit ]
Pre-2013 finals rules [ edit ]
The top eight shooters from the qualification round moved on to a finals event consisting of 10 shots – each decimal scored to a maximum of 10.9 – with the cumulative score determining the winner ( qualification + finals score ) . Every scoring ring is 5 mm wide and sub-divided in 0.5 mm ( ≈ 0.1719 MOA ) increments in 10 `` subrings '' . Like the other scoring rings the maximum of 10.9 is derived from an additional set of 10 `` subrings '' within the center 10-point circle , increasing in 0.1 point value as the rings approach the center of the target .
2013 to 2018 finals rules [ edit ]
In November 2012 , The ISSF announced other finals rules . [ 2 ] These finals rules had the best eight shooters starting from zero , eliminating the qualification scores that used to be combined with the finals scores for competition results . The format consisted of 20 finals shots scored in 0.1 point value as the rings approach the center of the target , setting the highest possible 20 shots score at 218.0 points .
2018 finals rules [ edit ]
Since 2018 the ISSF finals rules rank the eight best shooters starting from zero , eliminating the qualification scores . The format consists of 2 series of 5 shots each , to be fired within 250 seconds per series . This is followed by 14 single shots each fired on command with 50 seconds for each shot . Eliminations of the lowest scoring finalists begin after the tenth shot ( series + first 2 single shots ) and continue after every two shots , until the gold and silver medalists are decided . There is a total of 24 finals shots , setting the highest possible 24 shots score at 261.6 points . If there is a tie for the lowest ranking athlete to be eliminated , the tied athletes will fire additional tie-breaking single shots until the tie is broken .
Equipment [ edit ]
For the 10 meter air rifle and air pistol disciplines , match diabolo pellets are used . These pellets have wadcutter heads , meaning the front is ( nearly ) flat , that leave clean round holes in paper targets for easy scoring . Match pellets are offered in tins and more elaborate packagings that avoid deformation and other damage that could impair their uniformity .
Match air rifle shooters are encouraged to perform shooting group tests with their gun clamped in a machine rest to establish which particular match pellet type performs best for their particular air gun . [ 3 ] To facilitate maximum performance out of various air guns the leading match pellet manufacturers produce pellets with graduated `` head sizes '' , which means the pellets are offered with front diameters from 4.48 mm ( 0.176 in ) up to 4.52 mm ( 0.178 in ) .
However at higher and top competitive levels , even these variations are thought too coarse-grained and match pellets are batch tested ; that is , the specific gun is mounted in a machine rest test rig and pellets from a specific production run on a specific machine with the same ingredients fed into the process ( a batch ) are test-fired through the gun . [ 4 ] Many different batches will be tested in this manner , and the pellets which give the smallest consistent group size without fliers ( shots which fall outside of the main group ) will be selected ( small but inconsistent group sizes are not useful to a top competitor ) ; and the shooter will then purchase several tens of thousands of pellets from that batch . Group sizes of 4.5 mm ( 0.177 in ) diameter are theoretically possible , but practically shot groups of 5.0 mm ( 0.197 in ) are considered highly competitive . [ 5 ] Unbatched ammunition , especially if the air gun is not regularly cleaned , is generally thought to be capable of only 8.0 mm ( 0.315 in ) diameter group sizes . Batch-testing match pellets for a particular gun is not generally thought to be worthwhile until the shooter reaches a high proficiency level ( around the 95 % level i.e 570 for the qualification round ) .
The occurrence of high scores is mainly due to the continuous development of the employed match air rifles from spring-piston type designs into single-stroke pneumatic and pre-charged pneumatic ( PCP ) designs . Modern PCP match rifles from the leading manufacturers all feature regulated PCP actions to minimize shot-to-shot operating pressure variation and hence muzzle velocity inconsistency , mechanical or electronic match triggers offering fast lock times , shoot practically recoilless and vibration free , exhibit minimal movement and balance shifts and can be tailored by an adjustable aluminum stock and other user interfaces and various accessories to the individual shooters personal preferences to promote comfortable and accurate shooting from a standing position . Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10-ring performance , so a sub-10.0 average result can be attributed to the participant and at 2019 top competition level a 10.5 average result can be regarded as excellent .
A typical PCP match air rifle .
The target : total Ø = 45.5 mm . 4 ring Ø = 30.5 mm . 9 ring Ø = 5.5 mm . 10 ring Ø = 0.5 mm , height 1.4 m above the floor
A typical 4.5 mm ( .177 in ) 10 m air rifle match pellet
Gallery [ edit ]
World Championships , Men [ edit ]
World Championships , Men Team [ edit ]
World Championships , Women [ edit ]
World Championships , Women Team [ edit ]
World Championships , total medals [ edit ]
Current world records [ edit ]
Post 1 January 2013 World and Olympic Records [ edit ]
Post 1 January 2018 World and Olympic Records [ edit ]
The hashtag # emergency2012 trended in India Twitter last night , with scores of users in India crying government censorship . A number of users adopted the phrase “ Emergency 2012 ” as their avatars or blacked out their avatars entirely . Some called for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's resignation ; many offered ways to work around censorship .
So what happened ?
Here 's what we can say with certainty : long-established conflict in northeastern Indian state of Assam , between Muslims and the mostly Hindu Bodo people , has recently flared up . That 's sparked online rumors—many of them since disproven—of violence between Muslims and Hindus throughout the country , which in turn led to massive unrest : at least 300,000 fleeing Assam and plenty more fleeing to it .
This came on the heels of a long-simmering government crackdown on alleged misinformation online . In December , for example , one minister provoked outrage by calling for a system where user content would be pre-screened for criticism of the government before it could go online . On Sunday , a reported 76 sites were blocked in the country , allegedly because they were encouraging tensions in the northeast . That number grew to about 150 by Monday , and included Twitter , Facebook , and Google accounts . An independent report estimated 309 sites were blocked on Tuesday night .
And that # emergency2012 hashtag ? Those are not gentle words . It 's a reference to Emergency 1975 , better known as just “ The Emergency , ” when the Indian government notoriously suspended elections for a 21-month-long state of emergency .
That 's as much as the Daily Dot can independently confirm as of Wednesday evening . However , Indian Twitter users in contact with the Daily Dot painted a much more detailed picture .
Though much of India was already on its toes at the steadily rising number of blocked sites , the real inciting incident for the # emergency2012 hashtag was apparently the government blockage of two journalists who were n't prompting anyone to violence—Kanchan Gupta ( @ KanchanGupta ) and Shiv Aroor ( @ ShivAroor ) . To be clear , no one was fully “ blocked ; ” this just means , apparently , that some Internet service providers prevented their users from seeing an individual 's Twitter profile page , which led to wildly different user experiences .
It 's unclear why these two were targeted , and they took it very differently . Gupta tweeted , “ Remember , censorship is a weapon of mass destruction in the hands of Government : it annihilates freedom of expression , a fundamental liberty , ” along with a screengrab from someone who was blocked from seeing his profile .
Aroor took it both as funny and merely government incompetence , tweeting , “ Damn , my nose is also blocked now . # Emergency2012 ” and retweeting thre statement , “ cut the hyperbole please , it 's not an emergency . This is just a stupid , inept and clueless government at work . ”
Another journalist , the Wall Street Journal 's Amit Agarwal , wrote that he was unable to access his own website because it included a shortened link to a YouTube video . That was later remedied after he petitioned his ISP on Twitter .
Other claims of censorship by Indian Twitterers—again , none of these could be verified , as they seemed to depend on different ISPs independently following a court order to block sites—include three blocked Wikipedia pages , active deletion of Facebook comments , and the very fact that # emergency2012 was trending .
The major debate between Indians seeing the censored content was what to take from it . Two passionate Twitterers presented the Daily Dot with compelling but conflicting interpretations .
One , ‏Tarun Tripathi , said that while the government was being incompetent with who it chose to censor , it was a necessary and temporary evil . “ India unfortunately has communal tensions which threatened to flareup due to rumors/hate , ” he wrote . “ blocking [ journalists ' ] pages is definitely wrong ! ” But the censorship “ will self correct soon , ” he said , adding , “ we are NOT china/egypt . ”
But ‏Dr . Rita Pal found the fact that censorship escalated so steadily too much to ignore . “ Censorship talk commenced in 2011 and has progressively worsened over time , ” she wrote .
The government has a “ subjective perception of ‘ hate ' [ and ] ‘ inflammatory ' content , ” she wrote , noting that the government recently forced the removal of an account that parodied the Indian Prime Minister .
Photo via @ maheshmurthy
( CNN ) — White House press secretary Sarah Sanders is n't a big fan of the media .
Which is , of course , her right . The relationship between any White House and any press corps tasked with covering that White House is almost always fraught and fractious .
But , on Monday , Sanders made an accusation that went way , way beyond the pale of the usual give and take between White House and press corps . Here 's what she said :
`` There 's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people . Something that happens regularly . You ca n't say -- I 'm not done . You ca n't say that it 's an honest mistake when you are purposely putting out information that you know to be false or when you 're taking information that has n't been validated , that has n't been offered any credibility and that has been continually denied by a number of people including people with direct knowledge of an incident . This is something that -- I 'm speaking about the number of reports that have taken place over the last couple of weeks . I 'm simply stating that there should be a certain level of responsibility in that process . ''
Yes , there is a big difference between honest mistakes and purposely misleading people by reporting information that you know to be false . But , there 's absolutely zero evidence -- cited by Sanders or anyone else in the Trump administration -- that any reporter covering the Trump White House has published something they knew to be false . Not any . ( If there was any , by the way , that reporter should be fired immediately . )
Read More
OTTAWA — When the federal government takes another stab at tabling a budget next month , the deficit situation will look a little better than the last time around .
Preliminary figures released Friday show the deficit for the past fiscal year was lower than projected when the budget was initial brought down March 22 , but not passed due to the minority government 's defeat in the House of Common and subsequent election on May 2 .
The available numbers indicate a shortfall of $ 34.4 billion for the 12 months ended in March . While that 's expected to be higher after year-end adjustments are made — such as calculating tax returns and assessing current values of assets and liability — it is still expected to come in lower than the $ 40.5-billion deficit that was projected just two months ago .
The past year 's deficit would , as stated Friday , mark a decline from the $ 47-billion shortfall seen in the 2009-10 fiscal year .
A spokeswoman from Finance Minister Jim Flaherty 's office would not comment on how the lower-than-expected deficit might affect the upcoming June 6 budget , other than to say those details will be largely the same as the previous plan with “ minor tweaks and adjustments . ”
Douglas Porter , deputy chief economist for BMO Capital Markets , said that while the expectation for a lower deficit is good news , it probably wo n't have much effect the next budget .
“ Because it does hand the government a better starting point , to some extent , it improves the entire fiscal landscape — not in a huge way , but at the margin , ” he said . “ It does make the job a little bit easier . It means the hole that they 've got to dig themselves out of is a bit shallower than expected . ”
The Tory government , which was returned to power with a majority government , said during the election campaign it would eliminate deficit by the 2014-15 tax year , one year earlier than it projected in the March budget .
However , as a potential offset to this rosier fiscal picture , Porter said the outlook for the U.S. economy since March has become less optimistic , which affects Canada 's economy and could make it harder for the federal government to raise the tax revenue it expects .
BMO 's projected economic growth for Canada this year has dipped to 2.9 per cent from three per cent in March , and its U.S. outlook has fallen to 2.6 per cent from 3.2 per cent .
About $ 17 billion of the last year 's federal deficit was attributed to the “ economic action plan ” meant to help the country recover from recession . This included enhanced employment-insurance benefits , tax reductions and infrastructure spending .
Revenue was up $ 12.9 billion in the last year , or 5.9 per cent , as it took in more personal and corporate income tax , as well as higher GST revenue .
Program spending was down $ 1 billion , or 0.4 per cent , for the year . The government noted that the previous year 's one-time support for the automotive industry was absent in the 2010-11 fiscal year , but there were higher transfer payments to other levels of government .
Public debt charges were up $ 1.4 billion in the last fiscal year .
The federal debt , as of the end of March , was calculated at $ 551.4 billion , up $ 32.3 billion from a year earlier .
In March , the deficit was $ 6.2 billion , similar to the $ 6.4-billion deficit seen the same month a year earlier . Revenue was down about $ 200 million due to less corporate income taxes coming in and less GST . Program expenses were down $ 500 million from a year earlier , while public debt charges fell $ 100 million .
Twitter.com/derekabma
PERFORMER Jim Henson DEBUT 1969
Bip Bippadotta is a character on Sesame Street who is the counterpart of Mahna Mahna from The Muppet Show . Although both characters are best known for performing the nonsense song `` Mah Na '' and have the same performer and voice , they have always been portrayed by different puppets and were usually considered separate entities .
When `` Mahna Mahna '' is performed on Sesame Street and related albums , the song is actually called `` Mah Na , '' with lead vocals provided by a character also called Mah Na . This character , a Reddish-Magenta Little Anything Muppet , was the prototype for Bip Bippadotta . Unlike his counterpart Mahna Mahna , who premiered on The Ed Sullivan Show at roughly the same time , Mah Na wore a sweater , and had dark brown hair and standard Muppet eyes . His back-up vocals were provided by Green and Purple Anything Muppet girls , who sing `` pa tee , pa tee pee '' instead of `` do doo , do doo doo '' like the Snowths who usually accompany Mahna Mahna .
The puppet would go through many evolutions and eventually look much more like Mahna Mahna than this first incarnation . First , he was changed to a Pumpkin Orange Little Anything Muppet with orange hair and a furry green tunic in the 1970s . It was at this point , on Every Body 's Record , that he was first christened Bip Bippadotta . He would later be depicted as a Lavender Anything Muppet and was given sunglasses to cover his eyes , as opposed to the blinking eye feature on Mahna Mahna . In the mid 1980s , Bip became a Purple Anything Muppet and remained that way for his remaining appearances until 2009 .
Unlike Mahna Mahna , who was almost exclusively associated with the song after which he is named ( or perhaps the name after which he is songed ) , Bip Bippadotta has performed a variety of songs on Sesame Street , which were `` Fat Cat , '' `` Everybody 's Song , '' `` Air , '' `` Scratch My Back , '' `` None Some All , '' and `` Opposite Stuff . ''
Bip later made a cameo appearance in Episode 4203 in 2009 , where he is seen as a Lavender Anything Muppet again in the laundromat watching the race and says `` Mahna Mahna . '' Here , he was performed by John Kennedy .
The 2016 election is the gift that keeps on giving as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tonight decided to take shots at one another on Twitter .
First , Trump took a swipe at Hillary in a tweet criticizing Clinton 's comments made Wednesday at the Code Conference in California , where she discussed her thoughts on the reasons why she lost the 2016 election .
“ Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself , refuses to say she was a terrible candidate , ” Donald Trump wrote . “ Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC . ”
A short while later , Hillary Clinton responded with a tweet of her own .
“ People in covfefe houses should n't throw covfefe , ” Hillary Clinton wrote .
Hillary Clinton is referring to a tweet made by Donald Trump late Tuesday night that read , “ despite the constant negative press covfefe . ”
The “ covfefe ” tweet seemed to be an error , and by early the next morning the tweet had been deleted and Trump joked in another tweet that people should try to figure out what the word means .
Donald Trump 's tweet about Hillary is referring to comments Hillary Clinton made in which she seemed to place some of the blame for her loss on her party 's organizational structure , according to CNN .
“ I take responsibility for every decision I make – but that 's not why I lost , ” Clinton said . “ I 'm now the nominee of the Democratic Party . I inherit nothing from the Democratic Party . It was bankrupt , it was on the verge of insolvency , its data was mediocre to poor , non-existent , wrong . I had to inject money into it – the DNC – to keep it going . ”
Clinton also blamed the events immediately preceding the election where James Comey released a now-infamous letter saying the investigation into her email server was being reopened to consider new information found on a computer belonging to Huma Abedin that came under scrutiny as the result of an NYPD investigation into her husband , disgraced former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner .
null
null
Perhaps Donald Trump was set off by comments Hillary Clinton made about him during a commencement speech she gave at Wellesley College this past weekend . According to Business Insider , Clinton made quite a few not-so-subtle digs at Trump during the speech , including criticism of the Trump administration 's use of “ alternative facts . ”
“ When people in power invent their own facts and attack those who question them , it can mark the beginning of the end of a free society , ” Clinton said , telling the crowd that the Trump administration is “ even denying things we see with our own eyes , like the size of crowds and then defending themselves by talking about ‘ alternative facts . ' ”
Is Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump starting a Twitter battle ? [ Image by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images ]
In her Wellesley speech , Hillary Clinton also took some shots at Trump 's recent proposed budget , calling it “ an attack of unimaginable cruelty on the most vulnerable among us — the youngest , the oldest , the poorest , and hardworking people who need a little help to gain or hang on to a decent middle-class life . ”
When asked , Hillary Clinton did tell the crowd at the Code Conference that she is not going to run for president again in 2020 , but was quick to add , “ I won 3 million more votes than the other guy . ”
Whether you 're a Donald Trump supporter , a Hillary Clinton supporter , or perhaps a third party or non-voter , it 's hard to deny that the division felt within the United States prior to the election has not gone away in the four months that Donald Trump has been serving as president of the United States . With Trump and Clinton engaging in Twitter battles , we are not likely to see an end to that division anytime soon .
Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump during her Wellesley 2017 commencement speech . [ Image by Darren McCollester/Getty Images ]
[ Featured Image by Pool/Getty Images ]
The Boston Celtics seem weirdly confident that they 're not done making moves this summer . Wyc Grousbeck said the `` phones are ringing . '' Danny Ainge said that `` we 're not done . '' Isaiah Thomas said he knows `` Danny 's not done '' and `` hopefully we get a few more pieces to the puzzle . ''
So , what are those pieces ?
`` We need more shooting , '' Ainge told reporters last week . `` We can use a stronger center , and those are the two biggest things . Maybe another ball-handler as well . ''
OK , so if we take Ainge 's word for it , then the Celtics want shooting , a stronger center , and maybe a ball-handler . It 's unlikely they 'd find any impactful players left from the free-agency scrap heap , so maybe they 'll turn to trades . But let 's take that a step further . What follows is an idea for a potential trade package that fills all three needs .
The non-established star player the Celtics could be most realistically targeting is 76ers center Jahlil Okafor . Grousbeck said the price has come down `` pretty significantly '' on the player they were discussing during the draft , and the Sixers are in a position where they have to trade one of their bigs with Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid now in the fold .
The Celtics would 've been crazy to deal the third pick straight-up for Okafor , but if the price is reduced he makes tons of sense as a value piece . He 's on his rookie contract until 2019 , so they 'd still retain plenty of cap space to make a splash again next summer .
The Celtics sparingly use the low post ( sixth-least in post ups last year , per Synergy/NBA.com ) , but as a 17.5 points per game scorer he could be used as a remedy against teams that go small . Okafor would help fill the `` stronger center '' void as a go-to scoring presence . There are plenty of counter-arguments to adding Okafor , since the point can be made that he 'd be the fourth big man on the depth chart due to his subpar defense and lack of ability to space the floor .
But Okafor is n't the centerpiece of this trade idea .
It 's Dario Saric .
Saric could answer the `` shooting '' and `` another ball handler '' criteria Ainge alluded to . He 's a 6-foot-10 point forward , a spectacular passer , ball handler , and rebounder . He 's improved his shot each year , and drained 40.7 percent of his threes while averaging 12.5 points playing for Anadolu Efes in the Turkish League and Euroleague .
Saric is a perfect fit for the modern NBA , and has won at every stage of his career .
There have been no indications that the Sixers will consider trading Saric , but with their depth at forward and center , he does n't seem like an untouchable .
As the No . 12 pick in the 2014 draft , they Sixers own his rights , and most reports suggest that 'll join the NBA this season .
But a recent report suggests Saric is n't `` coming over to be a backup , '' that his parents would prefer he stays , and that it 's more likely he waits until 2017 . It 's also financially beneficial for him to stay in Turkey until next summer . Plus , Saric would potentially have a minimized role behind Simmons .
But if his circumstances were different , maybe his choice would be easy . It was reported in 2014 he would come straight over if the Celtics or Lakers drafted him . And despite the benefits of staying in Turkey , a consistent role on a winning Celtics team could be enough to entice him to come straight over .
If you 're the Sixers , and Okafor actually is unhappy , and Saric might stay overseas , it 's plausible to at least consider dealing them . There 's no better way to cash out than to receive a hefty package from a team with a surplus of assets like the Celtics .
Okafor has his flaws , but he was still the third pick just last season , and Saric has upside comparable to some top prospects available in the 2017 and 2018 drafts—and as a bonus he 's actually ready to contribute immediately on a winning team .
It 's tough to say if the Celtics would put one of the Nets picks on the table in potential negotiations , but it 's at least fair to consider . The protected 2019 Grizzlies and Clippers firsts are also both valuable long-term assets .
The Celtics also have players that might interest the Sixers . Terry Rozier would give them a young point guard to groom , a position of need for them . Jordan Mickey would allow them to hedge their bets with Nerlens Noel hitting 2017 free agency and Embiid being as injury prone as he is . RJ Hunter and James Young are two wing shooters that can provide upside . The Celtics also have n't yet signed any of their rookies , so all six of them can still be included in trades .
Dario Saric is expected to come to Las Vegas this week to figure out the next step of his career and possibly sign his NBA contract . But maybe it wo n't be with the team everyone expects if the Sixers are actually open to dealing him .
Kevin O'Connor can be contacted on Facebook and Twitter @ KevinOConnorNBA .
Follow @ KevinOConnorNBA
`` I 'm a Believer `` is a song composed by Neil Diamond and recorded by the Monkees in 1966 with the lead vocals by Micky Dolenz . The single , produced by Jeff Barry , hit the number-one spot on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week ending December 31 , 1966 and remained there for seven weeks , [ 1 ] becoming the last No . 1 hit of 1966 and the biggest-selling record for all of 1967 . Billboard ranked the record as the No . 5 song for 1967 . [ 2 ] Because of 1,051,280 advance orders , it went gold within two days of release . It is one of the fewer than forty all-time singles to have sold more than 10 million physical copies worldwide . While originally published by Screen Gems-Columbia Music ( BMI ) , it is now published by Stonebridge Music/EMI Foray Music ( SESAC ) .
American pop rock band Smash Mouth covered the song in 2001 , as part of the soundtrack to the movie Shrek , along with `` All Star '' . ( The band also released the song on its self-titled album . ) Eddie Murphy , portraying the character `` Donkey '' , also performed a rendition of the song in the film . The song was chosen for its opening line , `` I thought love was only true in fairy tales , '' which matched the fairy tale theme of the film . Subsequently , the song was played as exit music for the Broadway musical adaptation of the film , for comic effect . Weezer also had a version of the song at the end of Shrek 's 2010 sequel Shrek Forever After , which was inserted into the musical 's finale a year into its run . The Smash Mouth version hit No . 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the top 20 in New Zealand and Spain . In Australia , the cover reached No . 9 on the ARIA Singles Chart , received a Platinum certification for sales exceeding 70,000 , and came in at number 36 on ARIA 's year-end chart for 2001 .
Music video Edit
The music video for Smash Mouth 's version was directed by Scott Marshall . It depicts the band performing in a tent . Then , the scene switches to them walking out of a movie theater , complete with cardboard advertisements of Shrek and the characters . Then , Harwell bumps into a blond-haired girl by accident and then tries to catch up with her . However , a man with blond hair comes up as Harwell freaks out and screams . Afterwards , the girl walks into a `` fairy tale convention '' at a hotel . Harwell continues to follow the girl into the hotel . Once in the hotel , Harwell tries to find the girl by looking through different rooms . However , there are short clips from Shrek each time he opens the door . Finally , he tries one more door and thinks it 's the girl . However , it is a blond-haired monkey , who dances with a girl dressed as a banana . With no luck , Harwell walks out of the hotel , but the girl speeds off in her red convertible . Hoping to catch up , he sneakily takes a red cape and borrows a silver Lexus car driven by a costumed gingerbread man who is injured on crutches . Then , Harwell winks at the camera as the chase begins . While driving , he throws his red cape up and into the street . He then stops at a party where the girl is and goes into a tent . However , he sees multiple blond-haired girls with the same red shirt on , all dancing . By the time he catches up to her , the girl goes on a boat . Harwell asks a boat captain for assistance to win the girl . The band then performs on the boat during a heavy storm . Meanwhile , Harwell and the captain are on the lookout of the girl . He finally catches her on a dock and says that she forgot her keys . Just as he is about to leave , the girl recognizes him as Steve from Smash Mouth and asks for his number . However , Harwell declines and says he has to go . Finally , the girl then chases him and yells , `` Wait ! Please ! I love you ! ''
Now that we 've had several results about sequences and series , it seems like a good time to step back a little and discuss how you should go about memorizing their proofs . And the very first thing to say about that is that you should attempt to do this while making as little use of your memory as you possibly can .
Suppose I were to ask you to memorize the sequence 5432187654321 . Would you have to learn a string of 13 symbols ? No , because after studying the sequence you would see that it is just counting down from 5 and then counting down from 8 . What you want is for your memory of a proof to be like that too : you just keep doing the obvious thing except that from time to time the next step is n't obvious , so you need to remember it . Even then , the better you can understand why the non-obvious step was in fact sensible , the easier it will be to memorize it , and as you get more experienced you may find that steps that previously seemed clever and nonobvious start to seem like the natural thing to do .
For some reason , Analysis I contain a number of proofs that experienced mathematicians find easy but many beginners find very hard . I want to try in this post to explain why the experienced mathematicians are right : in a rather precise sense many of these proofs really are easy , in the sense that if you just repeatedly do the obvious thing you will solve them . Others are mostly like that , with perhaps one smallish idea needed when the obvious steps run out . And even the hardest ones have easy parts to them .
I feel so strongly about this that a few years ago I teamed up with a colleague of mine , Mohan Ganesalingam , to write a computer program to solve easy problems . And after a lot of effort , we produced one that can solve several ( but not yet all — there are still difficulties to sort out ) problems of the kind I am talking about : easy for the experienced mathematician , but hard for the novice . Now you have some huge advantages over a computer . For example , you understand the English language . Also , you can be presented with a vague instruction such as “ Do any obvious simplifications to the expression and then see whether it reminds you of anything , ” and you will be able to follow it . ( In principle , so could the program , but only if we spent a long time agonizing about what exactly constitutes an “ obvious ” simplification , what kind of similarity should be sufficient for one mathematical expression to trigger the program to call up another , and so on . ) So if a mere computer can solve these problems , you should definitely be able to solve them .
What I plan to do in this post is basically explained how the program would go about proving some of the theorems we 've proved in the course . To explain exactly how it works would be complicated . However , because you are humans , there are lots of technical details that I do n't need to worry about , and what remains of the algorithm when you ignore those details is really pretty simple .
The rough idea is that you should equip yourself with a small set of “ moves ” and simply apply these moves when the opportunity arises . That is an oversimplification , since sometimes one can do the moves in “ silly ” ways , but merely being consciously aware of the moves is very useful . ( Incidentally , the notion of “ silliness ” is hard to define formally but is something that humans find easy to recognise when they see examples of it . So that 's another example of the kind of advantage you have over the computer . )
Subsequences of Cauchy sequences
I 'm going to describe a way of keeping track of where you have got to in your discovery of a proof . It 's not something I suggest you do for the rest of your mathematical lives . Rather , it is something that you might like to consider doing if you find it hard to come up with typical Analysis I proof . If you use this technique a few times , then it should get easier , and after a while you will find that you do n't need to use the technique any more .
The technique is simply to record what statements you are likely to want to use , and what statement you are trying to prove . Both of these can change during the course of your proof discovery , as we shall see .
I think the easiest way to explain this and the moves is to begin by giving an example of the whole process in action . Then I 'll talk about the moves in a more abstract way . Let 's take as an example the proof that if a Cauchy sequence has a convergent subsequence then the sequence itself is convergent .
To begin with , we have nothing we obviously need to use , and a statement that we want to prove . That statement is the following .
—————————————————-
Every Cauchy sequence with a convergent subsequence converges
Let us begin by writing that very slightly more formally , to bring out the fact that it starts with .
—————————————————-
is Cauchy and has a convergent subsequence
converges
The next step is to apply the “ let ” move , which I 've talked about several times in lectures . If you ever have a statement to prove of the form “ For every such that holds , also holds , ” then you can just automatically write “ Let be such that holds , ” and change your target to that of establishing that holds .
In our case , we write , “ Let be a Cauchy sequence that has a convergent subsequence , ” and modify our target to that of proving that converges . So now we represent where we 've got to as follows .
is a Cauchy sequence
has a convergent subsequence
——————————————-
converges
Maybe the purpose of those strange horizontal lines is becoming clearer at this point . I am listing statements that we can assume above the line and ones that we are trying to prove below the line .
At this point it seems natural to give a name to the convergent subsequence that we are given . Let us call it . This again is just one instance of a very general move : if you are told you 've got something , then give it a name . This sequence has two properties : it is a subsequence of and it converges . I 'll list those two properties separately .
is a Cauchy sequence
is a subsequence of
converges
——————————————-
converges
Having done that , I think I 'll remove the second hypothesis , since the fact that is a subsequence of is implicit in the notation .
is a Cauchy sequence
converges
——————————————-
converges
The second hypothesis here is again telling us we 've got something : a limit of the subsequence . So let 's apply the naming move again , calling this limit .
is a Cauchy sequence
——————————————-
converges
That 's enough reformulation of our assumptions . It 's time to think about what we are trying to prove . To do that , we use a process called expansion . That means taking a definition and writing it out in more detail . It tends to be good to avoid expanding definitions unless you are genuinely stuck : that way you wo n't miss opportunities to use results from the course rather than proving everything from first principles . However , here a proof from first principles is what is required . I 'm going to do a partial expansion to start with : a sequence converges if there exists a real number that it converges to .
is a Cauchy sequence
——————————————-
converges to
Now our target has changed to an existential statement . How are we going to find an that the sequence converges to ?
Sometimes proving existential statements is very hard , but here it is easy , since we have a candidate for the limit staring us in the face , and better still it is the only candidate around . So let us make a very reasonable guess that the sequence is going to converge to , and make proving that our new target .
is a Cauchy sequence
——————————————-
That 's nice because we 've got rid of that existential quantifier . But what do we do next ? We must continue to expand : this time the definition of . Note that if you want to be able to do this , it is absolutely vital that you know your definitions . Otherwise , you obviously ca n't do this expansion move . And if you ca n't do that , then you can kiss goodbye to any hopes you might have had of proving this kind of result .
is a Cauchy sequence
——————————————-
Now we have a target that begins with a universal quantifier , so it 's time for the “ let ” move again .
is a Cauchy sequence
——————————————-
Now things become slightly harder , because this time we do not have a candidate staring us in the face for the thing we are trying to find . ( The thing we are trying to find is . ) It 's not a bad idea in this situation to try to write out in vague terms what the key statements mean . One can do something like this .
Eventually all terms of are close to each other
Eventually all terms of are close to
————————————————
Eventually all terms of are close to
The rough idea of the proof should now be clear : if all terms in the subsequence are close to and all terms are close to each other , then eventually for each term we can say that it is close to a term in the subsequence , which is itself close to .
Since we are going to need to take two steps from a term in , one to the subsequence and one from the subsequence to , it seems a good idea to apply the two main hypotheses with . So let 's just go ahead and do that and see what we get .
——————————————-
Now we are once again in a position where we have been “ given ” something — in this case and . So let 's quietly drop the existential quantifiers and use the names and . ( Purists might object to using the same names for the particular choices of and that we used when merely asserting that they exist . But this is very common practice amongst mathematicians and does not lead to confusion . )
——————————————-
How do we propose to “ force ” to be less than ? We are going to try to ensure , for suitable , that and . The first hypothesis tells us that we will be able to get the first condition if and are both at least , and the third hypothesis tells us that we we will be able to get the second condition if .
So our plan is going to be to choose and . For the plan to work , we shall need , , and .
We are now in a position to choose . We want our conclusion to hold when , and the tool we use works when , so it makes sense to take . If we substitute that in , we lose the existential quantifier in the target and arrive at the following .
——————————————-
Now we can apply the “ let ” move again , to get rid of the universal quantifier in the target statement .
——————————————-
We know we 're going to take , and that we can , since , so let 's go ahead and choose that value for in the first hypothesis . That leaves us with the following .
——————————————-
Just to make clear what I did there , it was a move called substitution . If you have a hypothesis of the form and a hypothesis , then you can substitute in for and get out . ( One can also call this modus ponens : I prefer to call it substitution in this case because the condition is somehow not a very serious hypothesis , but more like a “ restriction ” applied on . )
Since I 've used the hypothesis and am unlikely to need it again . I have deleted it .
Now we have to decide how to choose and how to choose . Recall that we needed and . In a human proof one just writes , “ Let be such that and . ” It 's a bit trickier for a computer to find it obvious that such a exists , but again that does n't matter to us here . I 'll use to denote the 'm choosing , and write down the conditions I 've made sure satisfies .
——————————————-
Now we can substitute into the first hypothesis .
——————————————-
We can also substitute into the second hypothesis .
——————————————-
And now we are done by the triangle inequality .
What were the moves we used ?
Now that we have gone through a proof , let me list the main proof-generating moves we used .
The “ let ” move
If you are trying to prove a statement of the form “ For every such that holds , also holds , ” then write , “ Let be such that holds , ” ( or words to that effect ) and adjust your target to proving that holds .
The “ naming ” move
If you are told that something exists , then give it a name . For example , if you are given the hypothesis is convergent , then you are told that a limit exists . So give it a name such as and change the hypothesis to .
Expansion
If you are trying to prove something and you ca n't find a high-level argument ( by which I mean one that uses results from the course that are relevant to the statement you are trying to prove ) , and if what you are trying to prove involves concepts such as convergence or continuity that can be written out in low-level language ( often , but not always , involving quantifiers ) , then rephrase what you are trying to prove in this lower-level way . That is , expand out the definition .
Substitution into a hypothesis
If you are given a hypothesis of the form , then given any object of the same type as , you are free to substitute it in for and obtain the hypothesis .
For example , in the proof above , we had the hypothesis “ is Cauchy ” . In expanded form , this reads
We decided to substitute in , which is of the same type of thing as ( both are positive real numbers ) , and yielded for us the statement
( We then applied the “ naming ” move to get rid of the . )
Modus ponens
Often a hypothesis takes a slightly more general form , where conditions are assumed . That is , it takes the form
or still more generally
There the symbol means “ and ” , so this is saying that whenever you can find a that satisfies the conditions , then you can give yourself the hypothesis .
Substitution into a target
Suppose that you are trying to prove a statement of the form , and suppose you have identified an object of the same type as that you believe is going to do the job . Then you can change your target statement from to . ( In words , instead of trying to show that there exists something that satisfies , you are going to try to show that satisfies . )
We did this when we moved from trying to prove that converges to something to trying to prove that it converges to .
This is not a complete set of useful moves . However , it is a start , and I hope it will help to back up my assertion that a large fraction of the proof steps that I take when writing out proofs in lectures are fairly automatic , and steps that you too will find straightforward if you put in the practice . I 'll try to discuss more moves in future posts .
Advertisements
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Toronto right-hander Marcus Stroman 's pitch near the head of Orioles catcher Caleb Joseph will be reviewed today by Major League Baseball for possible discipline .
In the sixth inning of the Orioles ' 5-2 win over the Blue Jays , Stroman threw a 92-mph fastball toward Joseph 's head that he ducked away from .
In the previous inning , Blue Jays shortstop Jose Reyes contested that Joseph stepped on his hand on a play at the plate in which Reyes slid head first .
Stroman said the pitch slipped . Toronto manager John Gibbons gave a cryptic no comment when asked about the pitch . Orioles manager Buck Showalter commented , saying it was “ borderline professionally embarrassing . ”
Even though home plate umpire Ted Barrett issued a warning to Stroman and both dugouts after the pitch flew behind Joseph 's head , he deemed the pitch unintentional , so that will be a consideration when reviewing the play .
Last week , Miami Marlins outfielder Giancarlo Stanton and Yankees third baseman Chase Headley were both beaned on the same night in separate games , shedding new light on player safety .
Milwaukee 's Mike Fiers , the pitcher who hit Stanton and later hit Reed Johnson on the hand , received a fine for “ actions contributing ” to benches clearing in that game . Marlins pitcher Anthony DeSclafani received a three-game suspension for hitting Carlos Gomez after warnings were issued to both teams .
eencina @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/EddieInTheYard
Share this ...
Linkedin
email
Reddit
It was supposed to be a conspiracy of epic proportions . The U.S. government knew about the threats in Benghazi and did nothing , even when pleas for help came from the Consulate . No other major news organization would follow the story . The CIA called for back-up but was told to “ stand down ” . U.S. government officials said it was a mob action following the release of a third-rate anti-Islam internet movie , and then changed their story . Could it be any clearer ? Why was n't anyone doing anything about it ?
In “ The Real Benghazi Lessons ” on CNN 's website I wrote about the need to de-politicize this issue and the realities of incomplete information , especially during a crisis . Over 100 comments poured in full of conspiracy theories and anti-Obama screeds . These replies , it turns out , were parroting the very same set of narrow criticisms that Fox News has been broadcasting at increasingly louder volumes in the run-up to election day .
And now the mainstream media swings back with detailed reporting on what actually happened . The Wall Street Journal dove deep into the confusion of the night itself , multiple attacks , a DoD drone brought in to provide real-time pictures ( yes , the military did try and help ) , and squabbling between the State Department and CIA over who was ultimately responsible for security of the main Consulate building .
According to the New York Times the CIA “ played a pivotal role in combating militants . . . deploying a rescue party from a secret base in the city , sending reinforcements from Tripoli , and organizing an armed Libyan military convoy to escort the surviving Americans to hastily chartered planes that whisked them out of the country . ”
The response occurred within an hour of the reported first attack . Thirty people were successfully evacuated , including support from U.S. military assets . An unnamed official also stated that no one was told to “ stand down . ”
So why no detailed account until now ?
Because so much of what was apparently going on in Benghazi was under the radar and classified . That 's how you fight terrorism and dictatorships , not in the headlines or the fanatical press chasing ratings . The risks to Libya 's fragile democracy , a hallmark of the Arab Spring uprisings , still remain high . Now , thanks to all of this talk of a cover-up U.S. foreign policy operations have been dealt a significant blow . Fox 's unrelenting politicizing of the issue has thrust these operations onto the public stage , jeopardizing future U.S. government operations in Benghazi and elsewhere .
Are there real concerns over the security at forward operating diplomatic posts ? Of course . And Congress is following up on their October showmanship of a hearing with a detailed investigation . They even set a post-election Nov. 8th deadline for a full accounting of what happened ( State is also conducting another review according to an article in Foreign Policy . )
Exposing troubling and sometimes illegal U.S. government activity ( say in the possible use of torture or the subversion of democracy in Watergate ) certainly provides a critical and necessary check on authority . That 's the power of a free press .
This should n't be confused with prime time personalities slinging unsubstantiated conspiracy claims and peddling innuendo as if it were real news . In the end Fox 's irresponsible coverage has generated a politically motivated blame game damaging U.S. national security in the process .
Related posts :
De-Politicizing Benghazi ( also on CNN 's GPS as The real Benghazi lessons )
Muslims Did n't Kill Diplomats in Benghazi
For more Klein 's Commentary sign up for email updates above or connect via Twitter @ brianpklein .
In 1704 , John Campbell , Boston 's postmaster , turned his handwritten newsletter into a printed half-sheet , called it the Boston News-Letter , and founded the first continuously published newspaper in the Colonies . He soon found a circulation of around 250 eager subscribers . “ Royal proclamations and international news appeared first , followed by news from other colonies , and finally local news , ” writes the journalist Tom Standage in Writing on the Wall : Social Media—the First 2,000 Years . “ Campbell gathered information by talking to sailors , travelers , local officials , and visitors to his post office , and via handwritten newsletters from other postmasters . But most of the stories in the Boston News-Letter were simply copied from the London papers. ” Campbell had been writing a kind of blog , which he made into a business that curated the news .
For much of history , news was disseminated like this . The industrial age of news , when consumers were loyal to a newspaper that did most of its own reporting , was relatively short-lived . Since the creation of the World Wide Web , people have again become used to reading news aggregated from a variety of sources , and in recent years , since smartphones have become common , the most popular medium for browsing the news has been the app or mobile website . Publishers do n't like apps much , but they work well for curators , and during the last few months the field of mobile news curation has enjoyed a blossoming of investment and creativity .
The Boston News-Letter was a business built on curating the news .
To date , the taxonomy of news apps has been three-part : there are apps associated with individual publishers , such as the Economist , the Financial Times , and the Huffington Post ; apps that use machine-based methods to curate and condense news from a variety of sources , like Pulse , Zite , and Summly ( the last , created by a teenage entrepreneur named Nick D'Aloisio , employs a little artificial intelligence to summarize articles ; it was purchased by Yahoo for about $ 30 million ) ; and apps that users themselves set up , such as Feedly and NetNewsWire , among many others . Two new apps , Inside and Paper , take another approach : they also curate from a variety of sources , but the news they show readers has been selected from trusted publications by humans . Both apps have been designed in conformity to the Jobsian aesthetic of radical simplicity . Yet this common strategy produces very different results .
Atomic units
Inside ( there is also a website , Inside.com ) , the child of the Web entrepreneur Jason Calacanis , tries to show its users all the news . “ I would like to be everyone 's starting point for news , ” says Calacanis ( who earlier in his career published the Silicon Alley Reporter and cofounded the blog network Weblogs and the search engine Mahalo ) . “ We are already covering about one-third of the medium and fat tail of content every day . [ He means that Inside will never cover the “ long tail ” of niche-interest news stories , which individually appeal to very few readers . ] If we triple our coverage and hit 2,500 to 3,500 updates a day , we will cover every major and minor story in every major and medium publication in the USA . ”
Things Reviewed Facebook Paper for the iPhone Free in Apple 's App Store
Inside , for the iPhone and Blackberry Free in their respective app stores ; inside.com , a mobile website
The interface of Inside recalls multiple , stacked decks of cards : a river of news displays story after story , and underneath each swipeable story are more stories within associated topic areas . What Calacanis calls “ the atomic unit of news ” is the update : a photo , a headline , and about 250 characters of text , containing about five or six facts . The app 's functionality is limited to a prominent link back to the original source and the ability to like , dislike , comment upon , or share a story . Liking a story means the user will be shown similar stories in “ My Feed . ”
The news updates , which draw from more than 100 publications , are written by a team of freelancers , who report to an actual editor . Calacanis claims his purpose is “ to destroy all the worthless reblogging and get folks focused on the original reporting. ” He says , “ When we looked at a site like Business Insider , we saw that one of their five stories is awesome original reporting and the other four are link-baiting , social-rehashing jobs . When we see awesome pieces , we find the original source and link to it. ” This emphasis on original reporting is not unironic , given that Inside produces no new journalism itself . But as Calacanis has admitted , investors ( his own include names like Sequoia Capital , Elon Musk , and Fred Wilson ) “ generally do n't like content . ”
Paper was developed by Facebook 's Creative Labs , an indulged group within the social-networking giant whom Mark Zuckerberg liberated to develop weird or interesting apps and projects . Zuckerberg hopes that the best ideas at Creative Labs will be applicable to Facebook 's mobile or desktop products and allow a risk-averse public company to remain true to its unofficial motto , “ Move fast and break things. ” But Michael Reckhow , Paper 's product manager , denies that the app is an experiment . He also says it 's not solely a news app : “ We did n't intend to fix news apps . We created a better way to share . ”
Paper is what Facebook 's app might have been like if it had been developed by people with good taste in graphic design and an indifference to advertising revenue .
Reckhow may dislike the word “ experiment , ” but it 's hard not to see Paper as an attempt to imagine what Facebook 's iPhone app might be if it were n't so Facebooky—if it had been developed by people with good taste in graphic design , solicitude for the user 's experience , interest in real news , and an airy indifference to advertising revenue ( see “ Paper Will Make You Want to Read News on Facebook ” ) . Paper eliminates Facebook 's long news feed . Instead , the user is confronted by a series of tiles representing topics—little magazines—among which one may browse by swiping leftward : one 's friends ' posts on Facebook , “ Headlines , ” “ Tech , ” “ Creators , ” “ Ideas , ” “ Planet , ” “ Flavor , ” “ Enterprise , ” and so on . Underneath each topic is a horizontal scroll of stories , selected by curators and algorithms from quality publications as well as individuals on Facebook , whose final content and order is the choice of the curators . ( Reckhow explains , “ There 's power in the combination of curators and algorithms. ” ) Tapping on a story expands an update , which is not unlike Inside 's atomic unit , so that it fills the entire iPhone screen . Tapping again makes the story itself unfold like a piece of paper .
Left : Paper eliminates Facebook 's long news feed . Instead , the user is confronted by a series of tiles among which one may browse by swiping .
Right : Inside 's functionality is limited to a prominent link back to the original source and the ability to like , dislike , comment upon , or share a story .
Paper 's chief designer , Mike Matas , who previously helped design the Nest thermostat and cofounded the digital publishing company Push Pop Press , spent a lot of time thinking about how stories would look . Publishers ' fonts are reproduced respectfully . The brands of publishers are emphasized ( for instance , updates from National Geographic retain the traditional yellow border of that magazine 's cover ) at the expense of Facebook 's own branding . “ We wanted to honor the content in the most authentic way possible , ” says Matas . Another way he honored the content was by stripping away all the navigation bars and icons—the “ chrome , ” in the jargon of UX designers—that we 've come to expect in mobile applications , and which persist in Inside . One explores the stories using natural gestures : swiping downward closes a story ; swiping down again returns you to the horizontal scroll of a magazine . As with Inside , functionality is limited : the reader can like , comment , or share . Unlike Inside , however , Paper allows users to create their own stories and post them to Facebook .
Both apps are works in progress , representative of Silicon Valley 's reigning dogma of “ agile development , ” in which companies are enjoined to “ deploy or die. ” Here , companies launch “ minimal viable products , ” and features are added quickly in response to data-driven testing . As a result , both apps feel unfinished . So far , one ca n't search for stories inside Inside . Right now , Paper does n't permit customization of the news feeds . But both apps are beautiful , Paper especially so . Inside is a much better news app , providing a fuller sense of the news ; but Paper provides a more enjoyable , better-edited curation of some of the day 's news and improves Facebook 's essential functionality of sharing updates among friends .
Of course , one big reason both apps are so austerely beautiful is that they have no ads . Reckhow says , “ We think of ourselves as a startup . We 're focused on whether people use the app every day . We 'll think about advertising later. ” Calacanis expands on the idea : “ The model in startup land is simply to get 1 to 10 percent compounded growth each week . Money is free for startups that grow at 1 percent or better . At some point , when we hit scale , which today is defined as 20 to 100 million monthly users , I see two ways to make money : subscriptions or native advertising . ”
Higher gossip
I liked the apps . I found myself using Paper in preference to Facebook 's real iPhone app in order to follow my friends , and I consult Inside once or twice a day . They 're quite popular with other people , too . Since its release in January , Inside has fluctuated between sixth and 859th in the U.S. News category of iOS store apps ( based on the number of times it 's been downloaded ) , according to App Annie , a market research firm . Paper debuted in the iOS store last February at number 1 in the U.S. Social Networking category and second overall .
Both apps make browsing the news so frictionless , compulsive , and pleasurable that I began to wonder why we are attracted to the news in the first place . What is the utility of general news—I mean , news not read for competitive advantage in trade or in one 's career ? For an economist , the answer is straightforward . Says Erik Brynjolfsson , the director of the Center for Digital Business at MIT 's Sloan School of Management , “ General news is simply an end in itself , like music , food , or play . By definition , anything that gives us ‘ happiness ' has utility. ” Economists can even measure utility by comparing what the late Paul Samuelson called the “ revealed preferences ” of consumers : whether they would prefer to listen to a Velvet Underground song or read a story by David Rotman .
Like other straightforward answers from economists , this is true , yet unhelpful . The pop philosopher Alain de Botton suggests that the purpose of the news is to distract us : “ We read the weird tales in newspapers to crowd out the even weirder stuff inside us. ” But a sociological answer is probably the most honest . The news is a kind of higher gossip . It satisfies our curiosity and interest and disseminates ideas and opinions . Those are not small things . Because mobile news-curation apps like Inside and Paper make reading the news easier than ever before , they are little machines for good .
