Arkansas ' 2014 season opener did n't go too well . The Razorbacks were blown out at Auburn , 45-21 , losing their ninth-straight conference game under coach Bret Bielema .
It went especially poorly for Bielema 's assistant coaches in the booth , who , at halftime , attempted to take an elevator down to the locker room to meet with the team . They were unsuccessful in their quest , though , as the elevator got stuck .
Arkansas assistant coaches got stuck in the elevator trying to get to their locker room at halftime — Russell Smith ( @ RussellWNFZ ) August 31 , 2014
Arkansas assistant coaches in booth were stuck in the elevator and never made it down to locker room at halftime… — Trey Biddy ( @ TreyBiddy ) August 31 , 2014
It was raining most of the day at Auburn , so there were likely some mechanical issues .
FINAL Auburn 45 , Arkansas 21 in rain-soaked SEC opener pic.twitter.com/SqZpLamRbw — Richard Walker ( @ JRWalk22 ) August 31 , 2014
Arkansas next faces Nicholls State at home .
Polyamines are essential polycations present in all living cells . Polyamine levels are maintained from the diet and de novo synthesis , and their decline with age is associated with various pathologies . Here we show that polyamine levels oscillate in a daily manner . Both clock- and feeding-dependent mechanisms regulate the daily accumulation of key enzymes in polyamine biosynthesis through rhythmic binding of BMAL1 : CLOCK to conserved DNA elements . In turn , polyamines control the circadian period in cultured cells and animals by regulating the interaction between the core clock repressors PER2 and CRY1 . Importantly , we found that the decline in polyamine levels with age in mice is associated with a longer circadian period that can be reversed upon polyamine supplementation in the diet . Our findings suggest a crosstalk between circadian clocks and polyamine biosynthesis and open new possibilities for nutritional interventions against the decay in clock 's function with age .
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved .
Shantae : Half-Genie Hero 's Friends to the End Expansion Officially Unveiled
WayForward has a new update on the latest expansion of Shantae : Half-Genie Hero . Originally known as just the “ friends mode ” , Friends to the End will fill in some of the missing storyline from the main campaign of Half Genie Hero . You 'll be able to play as Sky , Bolo , and Rottytops in this mode , all with their own unique skills .
This information comes to us via WayForward 's Kickstarter . Here 's more on Friends to the End 's plot :
Friends to the End takes place chronologically in the middle of Shantae 's storyline . Unlike the ( possibly embellished ) tale of Pirate Queen 's Quest , this new mode would be considered “ official cannon ” , and fills in a part of the narrative that we , as the audience , were previously not witness to . Shantae has been turned to evil by the foul Risky Boots by way of a polarity-swapping machine , and is reborn as Nega-Shantae ! Sky , Bolo , and Rottytops must enter Shantae 's mind in order to rescue her consciousness from the “ Nightmare Realm ” ; a series of twisted memories designed to swallow Shantae whole . This will not be an easy task for the three adventurers , who lack both genie magic , and the ability to get along . This translates into a brand-new mode with three new heroes , a whole new story , and altered memories ( revamped versions of existing levels ) to explore and conquer . The icing on the cake is a new final level , and a showdown against Nega-Shantae .
Sounds interesting ! There is more to read at the lengthy Kickstarter update , including how the three characters play , their voice actors , and more .
Friends to the End has finished development , and are being submitted to the various platform holders now . WayForward is hoping to have the expansion out during the holidays .
[ Source : WayForward ]
Imagine that some ancient wolves were slightly less timid around nomadic hunters and scavenged regularly from their kills and camps , and gradually evolved to become tamer and tamer , producing lots of offspring because of the relatively easy pickings . At some point , they became the tail-wagging beggar now celebrated as man 's best friend .
Some researchers question whether dogs experience feelings like love and loyalty , or whether their winning ways are just a matter of instincts that evolved because being a hanger-on is an easier way to make a living than running down elk . Raymond Coppinger , a professor emeritus of biology at Hampshire College , noted in his landmark 2001 book , “ Dogs , ” that “ best friend ” is not an “ ecological definition. ” And he suggested that “ the domestic house dog may have evolved into a parasite . ”
Researchers also point out that of the estimated one billion dogs in the world , only a quarter of them are pets . The vast majority of dogs run free in villages , scavenge food at dumps , cadge the odd handout and cause tens of thousands of human deaths each year from rabies . They are sometimes friendly , but not really friends .
Modern dogs are different from modern wolves in numerous ways . They eat comfortably in the presence of people , whereas wolves do not . Their skulls are wider and snouts shorter . They do not live in pack structures when they are on their own , and so some scientists scoff at dog-training approaches that require the human to act as pack leader .
Wolves mate for the long haul and wolf dads help with the young , while dogs are completely promiscuous and the males pay no attention to their offspring . Still , dogs and wolves interbreed easily and some scientists are not convinced that the two are even different species , a skepticism that reflects broader debates in science about how to define a species , and how much the category is a fact of nature as opposed to an arbitrary line drawn by humans .
VISALIA , Calif. -- A husband and wife who married in Mexico in 2007 have been charged with murdering another woman who the man married in California so the man could get legal permission to stay in the U.S. , authorities said Wednesday .
Francisco Valdivia , 37 , and Rosalina Lopez , 39 , were arrested Tuesday in connection with the June 9 disappearance of Cecelia Bravo . The suspects lived in the small central California city of Visalia , the Tulare County Sheriff 's Office said .
The body of Bravo has not been found but sheriff 's spokeswoman Teresa Douglass said authorities have evidence Valdivia and Lopez threatened Bravo and that detectives have “ significant digital forensic evidence ” she would not describe implicating the couple .
Valdivia and Lopez are both from Mexico and they married there before coming to the United States , the sheriff said .
Cecilia Bravo seen in this undated photo provided by the Tulare County Sheriff 's Department . AP
Valdivia later married the California-born Bravo in an attempt to gain legal residence , Tulare County Sheriff Mike Boudreaux told the Sacramento Bee .
“ He used Cecilia in a business relationship to gain himself legal residence , ” Boudreaux said
Bravo was last seen at the Tachi Palace Casino in Lemoore , California , about a half hour drive from Visalia in California 's agricultural heartland . Boudreaux said the motive for the killing was linked to “ the relationship of these three people , ” but declined provide more specifics .
“ We 're comfortable and confident in our belief that ( Bravo ) was murdered , ” Boudreaux said .
Bravo 's car was set ablaze in an orchard and her four children have not heard from her since her disappearance . They are in protective custody , Douglass said . Boudreaux said they have been placed with close family members .
Valdivia was already in custody when he was arrested in connection with Bravo 's death . He had been arrested on suspicion of cultivation of marijuana and jailed for lack of $ 1 million bail .
Lopez was arrested Tuesday in the small town of Goshen near Visalia . Both remained jailed Wednesday with no bail , Douglass said .
Boudreaux said they are not yet represented by attorneys .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Donald Trump warned North Korea on Tuesday that any U.S. military option would be “ devastating ” for Pyongyang , but said the use of force was not Washington 's first option to deal with the country 's ballistic and nuclear weapons program .
“ We are totally prepared for the second option , not a preferred option , ” Trump said at a White House news conference , referring to military force . “ But if we take that option , it will be devastating , I can tell you that , devastating for North Korea . That 's called the military option . If we have to take it , we will . ”
Bellicose statements by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in recent weeks have created fears that a miscalculation could lead to action with untold ramifications , particularly since Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 .
Despite the increased tension , the United States has not detected any change in North Korea 's military posture reflecting an increased threat , the top U.S. military officer said on Tuesday .
The assessment by Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , about Pyongyang 's military stance was in contrast to a South Korean lawmaker who said Pyongyang had boosted defenses on its east coast .
“ While the political space is clearly very charged right now , we have n't seen a change in the posture of North Korean forces , and we watch that very closely , ” Dunford told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on his reappointment to his post .
In terms of a sense of urgency , “ North Korea certainly poses the greatest threat today , ” Dunford testified .
A U.S. official speaking on the condition of anonymity said satellite imagery had detected a small number of North Korean military aircraft moving to the North 's east coast . However the official said the activity did not change their assessment of Pyongyang 's military posture .
North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Monday accused Trump of declaring war on the North and threatened that Pyongyang would shoot down U.S. warplanes flying near the Korean Peninsula after American bombers flew close to it last Saturday . Ri was reacting to Trump 's Twitter comments that Kim and Ri “ wo n't be around much longer ” if they acted on their threats toward the United States .
North Korea has been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the U.S. mainland , which Trump has said he will never allow . Dunford said Pyongyang will have a nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile “ soon , ” and it was only a matter of a “ very short time ” .
“ We clearly have postured our forces to respond in the event of a provocation or a conflict , ” the general said , adding that the United States has taken “ all proper measures to protect our allies ” including South Korean and Japan .
“ It would be an incredibly provocative thing for them to conduct a nuclear test in the Pacific as they have suggested , and I think the North Korean people would have to realize how serious that would be , not only for the United States but for the international community , ” Dunford said .
South Korean lawmaker Lee Cheol-uoo , briefed by the country 's spy agency , said North Korea was bolstering its defenses by moving aircraft to its east coast and taking other measures after the flight by U.S. bombers . Lee said the United States appeared to have disclosed the flight route intentionally because North Korea seemed to be unaware .
U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers , escorted by fighter jets , flew east of North Korea in a show of force after the heated exchange of rhetoric between Trump and Kim .
The United States has imposed sanctions on 26 people as part of its non-proliferation designations for North Korea and nine banks , including some with ties to China , the U.S. Treasury Department 's Office Of Foreign Assets Control Sanctions said on Tuesday .
The U.S. sanctions target people in North Korea and some North Korean nationals in China , Russia , Libya and Dubai , according to a list posted on the agency 's website .
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington , U.S. , September 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
‘ CAPABILITY TO DETER '
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit China from Thursday to Saturday for talks with senior officials that will include the crisis over North Korea and trade , the State Department said on Tuesday .
Evans Revere , a former senior diplomat who met with a North Korean delegation in Switzerland this month , said that Pyongyang had been reaching out to “ organizations and individuals ” to encourage talks with former U.S. officials to get a sense of the Trump administration 's thinking .
“ They 've also been accepting invitations to attend dialogues hosted by others , including the Swiss and the Russians , ” he said .
Revere said his best guess for why the North Koreans were doing this was because they were “ puzzled by the unconventional way that President Trump has been handling the North Korea issue ” and were eager to use “ informal and unofficial meetings to gain a better understanding of what is motivating Trump and his administration ” .
During a visit to India , U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said diplomatic efforts continued .
Speaking in Beijing , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said war on the Korean Peninsula would have no winner .
“ We hope the U.S. and North Korean politicians have sufficient political judgment to realize that resorting to military force will never be a viable way to resolve the peninsula issue and their own concerns , ” Lu said .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in urged Kim Jong-un to resume military talks and reunions of families split by the 1950-53 Korean War to ease tension .
Slideshow ( 8 Images )
“ Like I 've said multiple times before , if North Korea stops its reckless choices , the table for talks and negotiations always remains open , ” Moon said .
In Moscow , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said it was working behind the scenes to find a political solution and that it plans to hold talks with a representative of North Korea 's foreign ministry who is due to arrive in Moscow on Tuesday , the RIA news agency cited the North 's embassy to Russia as saying .
The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce and not a peace treaty .
LA hospital illegally fired Asian nurses for union drive—labor board
PASADENA , Calif. —Two Asian American registered nurses were illegally terminated from Huntington Memorial Hospital in this city , the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) has ruled .
ADVERTISEMENT
The nurses , Allysha Almada and Vicki Lin , were joined by city officials and community leaders to applaud the labor board 's decision at a press conference on Thursday , February 4 .
“ The first emotion I felt hearing about the NLRB ruling was a state of shock and then it easily turned into elation , ” Almada , a 28-year-old Filipino American nurse told the Asian Journal .
“ It 's an , us versus them , David versus Goliath , kind of situation , ” she added . “ Here we are , we 're going up against a large community hospital that has millions of dollars to essentially spend fighting us when that money should be going to patient care . We 've seen them direct money and funds from patients into fighting organizing efforts . This definitely feels that yes , we were in the right . ”
Almada and Lin , both of whom were working in the intensive care unit , were terminated in August of last year , after spearheading a union organizing drive under the California Nurses Association/National Nurses United ( CNA/NNU ) and publicly speaking about deteriorating conditions ( i.e . short staffing and inadequate supplies ) at the hospital .
Registered nurses at the hospital began organizing with CNA/NNU in May 2014 , but many voted against representation the following year after they were allegedly intimidated by hospital officials .
“ When this [ firing ] first happened , I felt very hopeless . I was very scared and I did n't know what to do , ” Lin said .
The union filed an unfair labor practice charge with the NLRB challenging the dismissal last year , which the labor board responded to on Friday , Jan. 29 by siding with the nurses .
Lin added , “ What happened to me can happen to anyone and that 's why we need union representation to protect our rights along with our patients . Nurses need job protection . We need someone to advocate for us , so we can advocate for our patients . ”
In a statement emailed to the Asian Journal , Huntington Hospital 's spokesman Derek Clark said the union 's flyers and statements have been filled “ with patently false information . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Responding to allegations that the nurses were fired for unionizing , the hospital asserted that it was because the pair violated employment policies .
“ We stand by our decisions and course of actions – and believe they are in accordance with employment laws , our employment practices and in the best interests of maintaining patient safety and providing the highest quality of patient care , ” Clark said , adding that the hospital looks “ forward to a resolution in our favor from the NLRB . ”
Each week , the union has also gathered signatures from members of the Pasadena community in support of the nurses ' reinstatement , and has attempted to deliver them to the hospital CEO .
“ I am grateful and humble that so many people feel strongly about our cause and want to support us that they are willing to sign a petition or willing to come out to our delegation , ” Almada said .
Since her firing , the Almada has continued to advocate for nurses ' rights and quality patient care . In October , she attended the White House Summit on Worker Voice , where she briefly met President Barack Obama . She also spoke at a press conference alongside Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders and met with the .
Though Almada is currently working at another hospital in Los Angeles , she is fighting to get her job back at Huntington Hospital .
“ It is definitely a point to be made in that…me coming back to the hospital could show nurses — not only at Huntington , but throughout the world — that when we stand together , when we organize [ and ] when we have a strong collective voice , we can accomplish a lot , ” she said .
Tessie Costales , a Fil-Am registered nurse at Kaiser LA Medical Center and CNA leader , called on hospital leaders to abide by the NLRB 's announcement .
“ I could n't believe what they did to these two nurses . They built a case just to instill fear in the nurses and they made [ Allysha and Vicki ] guinea pigs to show nurses not to vote for the union… I think Huntington leaders should respect the ruling of the NLRB . They did not find any merit on the case , ” said Costales . “ Delays would only mean a waste of resources . ”
She also called on the local Fil-Am community to join in on any rallies and sign petitions on behalf of the nurses .
“ Although this unfortunate event happened to us , our victory is so important to show that when you have the backing of thousands of nurses — behind you , standing up for you… [ and ] your federally protected rights — it is powerful and impactful . Together as a community , together as nurses , we will win this fight . We will win justice and we will make Huntington a better place and a better asset to the city of Pasadena , ” Almada said .
Like us on Facebook
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
In a lot of ways I think that I 'm so much better off for being so active in my own finances and early retirement planning . All around me I see people who have not taken control of their financial future – and it devastates them .
They are stuck working at jobs they hate until well into their golden years . They have to miss family engagements . They are under the servitude of others until their health no longer allows them or qualifies them to be .
It 's a sad way to go out , and it 's not something that I will ever allow for myself or my family .
But despite my best intentions to achieve what others feel is unachievable ,
Is there a dark side to my obsession with planning for an early retirement ?
I ask this question with the sincerest of curiosity because at times I feel like I 'm creating a monster . Just like in the story of Doctor Frankenstein , he became so obsessed with the goal to create life that he failed to see through the eyes of others that he had created horrific creature . Sometimes I wonder if I 'm beginning to fail to see what my own ambitions are doing to me .
Could the very thing I believe will deliver me into financial freedom also be an unhealthy distraction from the life I 'm supposed to lead ? Are the things I 'm doing now becoming counter-productive and will ultimately bring about the collapse of the very retirement that I 'm trying to prepare for ?
The Pitfalls of Early Retirement Planning :
Where this all stems from is work .
No – this post is n't a declaration to quit my job or to whine about whatever work I have to do . It 's not like that .
This post is about something different ; something that you do n't find often in personal finance blogs when it comes to career : Ownership of responsibility for the way you feel .
You see the question I 've been asking myself lately is : If I do achieve an early retirement , how will I feel about the career I achieved ? Will I look back with regret at the opportunities I had missed ? Will I have spent my last few years in contempt when I should have been reaching higher and higher ?
When I was younger and first starting out in my job , I wanted nothing more than to go up the corporate ladder . I was a newly minted professional who wanted to work his way into leading the whole group and making the important decisions .
Like most young people , the reasons why you want to are simple . There 's more money in management . Not only can your salary go up , but so can your chances for bigger bonuses and compensation . Then you add on the power , respect , perks , prestige , and a whole lot of other benefits that comes with working your way up .
But as this story often goes , the higher up you work , the more B.S . you have to put up with as well . And at times that level of crap you have to deal with is not always proportional to your compensation or what you 're getting out of it . Life becomes frustrating , and so the quest the fund an early retirement picks up more and more steam as your plans become more concrete and realistic .
Before long , you want nothing more than to finally cross the finish line and declare to the world that you finally have enough F.U . money to say goodbye to it all . And , hence , this is where early retirement planning could become a killer .
They Will Know :
My first concern to this whole situation is : Wo n't people notice ? Usually when you 've decided that you 're ready to move on to another phase of your life , you tend to start ignoring the previous one now that it 's old news . That is a concern to me .
I do n't want to become complacent or unenthusiastic about what I do . First of all , it would reflect in my work . That gold star standard I hold myself to would crumble down to a good-enough benchmark . And that 's not me .
Secondly , if my performance did erode , is it any wonder that my pay-scale or opportunities would also suffer ? No one wants to reward someone who 's just doing okay . No one wants the guy who moves at a medium pace to lead this next big thing .
Would n't those actions compromise the very thing we 're trying to do : Create more income and more opportunities for me to save so we can check out faster ? What if things got really bad and your raises or bonuses ceased ? What if you ultimately lost your job ? Now you 've really thrown a wrench in your retirement planning strategy .
Is It All About the Race or Finishes It First ?
This is the part that concerns me the most : What if getting the most out of your career was supposed to be one of the defining experiences of your life ?
Some people like to think back to high-school or college or the military or whatever as being one of the greatest phases of their lifetime . I think we could all agree that building a career is also one of those areas . The guy who works in the office next to me is in his 60 's and he is full of thousands of stories all throughout his career . He can tell you all about the different people he 's met ( most of which he still talks to ) , the places he 's been , successes he 's had , big mistakes he 's made , etc .
What if a consequence to early retirement planning is cheating ourselves out of those experiences ?
Having worked over 10 years now at my current job , I can assure you that my perspective on what I do is completely different than when I first started . When I meet people , they 're not just a customer or a person from another company . They are potential allies or people I can network with .
When I learn a new skill , it is not so I can just get this thing done that I have to do . I really do want to understand what it is I have learned and why it is important . Do I understand it well enough to show others ? If not , then I really do n't understand it as well as I thought .
And finally – what have I done for my colleagues ? Have I increased the chances of success for any of my junior staff ? Have I given them everything they need to succeed above and beyond where I have ? Selflessness can be a very high level of currency for the soul .
Since no one looks out for you the way that YOU do , I think it 's important that we ask ourselves the question : How much of this are we sacrificing or compromising in our early retirement planning ambitions ? It 's not an easy question to answer , but one that you could possibly be faced with – perhaps after you 've already crossed the finish line . The very thought of this will remind me that day to day is where the action happens , and what we do now is what 's important . There wo n't be any notice of a great event or great opportunity that 's going to occur . It happens when you make it happen . And even if you are plotting your own early escape , remember that there are still plenty of good times ahead and things that are left un-finished . You just have to ask yourself the very personal question of where you think those best opportunities lie and what you honestly think you 'll get out of them .
Related Posts :
How Do You Compare to the Average Retirement Savings of Other Americans ? There Are No Shortcuts to Early Retirement Planning Why You Need to Start Saving for Retirement in Your 30s Today How to Make Money on the Side During Retirement
Images courtesy of FreeDigitalPhotos.net
We continually update GaramChai.com with new listings . In a new section for “ Elderly NRIs ” of GaramChai.com , we feature issues and listings featuring elderly and aging for Non Resident Indians ( NRIs ) and people of Indian origin .
A recent article in New York Times by Sandip Roy , Old and Lonely in New India , makes for an interesting read . The author highlights pertinent topics impacting the aging population in India including
According to the Global Age Watch Index , a survey by Help Age International that measures the quality of life — using income security , health , personal capability and enabling environment — for people age 60 and older , India ranked 71 out of 96 countries in 2015 .
An aging specialist once told me that in the West , development came before longevity , but in India aging has come before development . The problem is not the 100 million seniors . The problem is they do not have enough savings . There is little by way of a social safety net and health infrastructure . Too few have health insurance or pensions .
Old-age homes still carry the stigma of abandonment and destitution . Adult day care centers are too few . Many old-age homes do not accept patients with dementia . Public transport is not senior friendly . Physicians who do home visits are hard to find , though cataract and knee replacement surgeries are booming .
What my generation can offer our parents is money and technology . We install Skype on their phones so that they can talk to faraway grandchildren . What did you eat today ? How is school ? We fly back and forth to do our duty , propelled by equal parts love and guilt . An uncle pretty much commutes from New Jersey to Kolkata to arrange for his mother 's cancer treatment . A grand-aunt insists her grandchildren take exemplary care of her . Her old family retainer scoffs at the face-saving lie .
While a few NRIs remotely manage the affairs of elderly parents , a few decide to relocate back to India . Check out the blog “ Life lessons on relocating to India : Six lessons from a six year old ”
About a year ago , I was at the crossroads , wondering about work-life decision I had to take . My dad , who had been diagnosed with prostate cancer a while ago was starting to gradually slow down . My aging parents lived alone in Bangalore , and I got the dreaded phone call from my mother on the verge of breakdown herself , asking for help . After a rushed trip to Bangalore to assess and assist – I arranged for a caregiver to help them at night – I began to reflect on the course of action to take . I was living the American dream thousands of miles away – a well-paying job with a multinational , a cozy house in the suburbs of Anytown , USA and our pesky six-year old enjoying the early years at his elementary school . Fastforward a year . I have come to appreciate how those diagnosed with terminal illnesses and their caregivers quickly learn to appreciate the glass half-full . Thanks to the “ extended family ” being around , my parents seem much more relaxed . Little Vijay , now Seven , gets to spend quality time with his grandparents and is learning a couple of Indian languages with his new school pals . As for Suja and me , we are learning to enjoy and re-live a bit of the contemporary Indian-dream ; till the winds of change blow our way again .
Elderly NRI and senior citizen
Techie reaches mother 's flat on return from US , finds her skeleton
Advertisements
The Pittsburgh Steelers have now wrapped up their Friday practice ahead of Sunday 's game against the Cincinnati Bengals and while the team 's final injury report of week has three players listed as out on it , linebacker Ryan Shazier ( knee ) is n't one of them .
After being limited on Thursday , Shazier practiced fully on Friday and said afterwards that his injured knee feels “ 100 percent ” , according to Ray Fittipaldo of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Shazier , while he is official ends the week listed as questionable on the injury report , is expected to start Sunday against the Bengals at Heinz Field . Last week the former first-round draft pick out of Ohio State recorded six total tackles in addition to an interception and a forced fumble .
Also ending the week listed as questionable is wide receiver Markus Wheaton ( shoulder ) , who sat out the regular season opener against the Washington Redskins with an injured shoulder . He was limited on Friday .
Not surprisingly , fullback Roosevelt Nix ( back ) , cornerback Senquez Golson ( foot ) and center/guard Cody Wallace ( knee ) were all ruled out for Sunday 's game on the Friday injury report . With Wallace now out again , the Steelers are expected to dress eight offensive linemen on Sunday just as they did against the Redskins .
Running back DeAngelo Williams ( not injury related ) practiced fully again on Friday and will play Sunday against the Bengals .
Status Report : @ Steelers : LB Shazier , WR Wheaton are questionable ; C Wallace , CB Golson , FB Nix are out . — Bob Labriola ( @ BobLabriola ) September 16 , 2016
For my first `` real '' post after my extended leave , I wanted to cover something fun ( well , fun if you like writing libraries with Flask and SQLAlchemy ... ) . In one of my projects at work recently , I was tasked with turning a client-facing Flask app that I had written into a framework/library that made creating new `` sub-applications '' as easy as possible . One pattern that had worked well in the original app was the use of Flask-SQLAlchemy , both for interacting with a new set of database models and in connecting to existing databases owned by other teams . One existing database , in particular , was heavily used by the app and would likely be used a good deal by any `` sub-apps '' created on the framework .
The database in question was essentially our company 's `` main '' database , with about 100 tables ( each with thousands or millions of records ) . This is a common , and somewhat frustrating situation when writing internal libraries : you know clients are going to need to use some resource , but you 're not exactly sure how or what parts of it . How do you create an interface to that ? With SQLAlchemy specifically , does that mean each sub-project will need to describe all of the tables it needs to use from the `` main '' database , leading to repeated , boilerplate code ? Of course not ! All it takes is a little magic .
To understand the problem a bit better , pretend that the `` main '' database is a database of songs , artists , tracks , albums , and genres ( with the appropriate foreign-key relationships between each table ) . The original application may only need songs and artists . Sub-app Foo may only need artists and albums . Sub-app Bar may only need access to songs .
We want to provide access to these tables as Flask-SQLAlchemy models , but only the ones required by the sub-app . That is , we do n't want to use reflection on all of the tables in the database . And of course , we want these tables to be available dynamically . That is , there should n't need to be any code that tells the library ahead of time what tables will be required .
SQLAlchemy and automap
Sounds like a tough challenge , right ? SQLAlchemy is perfectly capable of reflecting the entire database , and we might be able to use that to create Flask-SQLAlchemy db models on the fly , but how do we get only what the client wants ? And what would the interface to this be ? We do n't want something big and clunky , like requiring the client to call a function each time it wants to access a new model class .
In fact , ideally , library users would be able to say from framework.models.main_database import Artist , Album and we would take care of the import using some SQLAlchemy , erm , alchemy . It turns out , this is not just possible , it 's actually rather easy . I 'll post the code below ; study it for a few minutes and try to determine how it works .
MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP = { ' artist_table ' : ' Artist ' , ' album_table ' : ' Album ' , } # The ` framework.models.main_database ` module ` ... def name_for_scalar_relationship ( base , local_cls , referred_cls , constraint ) : name = referred_cls . __name__ . lower ( ) local_table = local_cls . __table__ if name in local_table . columns : newname = name + `` _ '' return newname return name def name_for_collection_relationship ( base , local_cls , referred_cls , constraint ) : name = referred_cls . __name__ . lower ( ) + ' _collection ' for c in referred_cls . __table__ . columns : if c == name : name += `` _ '' return name with app . app_context ( ) : engine = create_engine ( app . config [ ' MAIN_DATABASE_URI ' ] ) metadata = MetaData ( engine ) session = Session ( engine ) metadata . reflect ( bind = engine , only = app . config [ ' MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP ' ] . keys ( ) ) Model = declarative_base ( metadata = metadata , cls = ( db . Model , ) , bind = engine ) Base = automap_base ( metadata = metadata , declarative_base = Model ) Base . prepare ( name_for_scalar_relationship = name_for_scalar_relationship , name_for_collection_relationship = name_for_collection_relationship ) for cls in Base . classes : cls . __table__ . info = { ' bind_key ' : ' main ' } if cls . __table__ . name in app . config [ ' MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP ' ] : globals ( ) [ app . config [ ' MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP ' ] [ cls . __table__ . name ] ] = cls
Note : MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP is used purely for the user 's convenience , allowing them to name the Flask-SQLAlchemy class that will be created for a given table something other than the table 's name . It 's not strictly necessary .
What Just Happened ?
Like I said , this code was really `` for fun '' and not hugely useful to 99 % of projects , but it 's neat regardless . We use SQLAlchemy 's new automap_base functionality , along with SQLAlchemy MetaData objects ' ability to reflect only an enumerated list of tables in the database . Between them , we insert a declarative_base that derives from Flask-SQLAlchemy 's db.Model class . Once that 's created , we call prepare on Base ( remember , returned by automap_base rather than the more common declarative_base ) .
Then , for each class that is mapped by Base , we inject the given cls ( with the desired class name defined by the user in MAIN_DATABASE_MODEL_MAP ) into the module 's global scope using the dictionary returned by globals ( ) . This dictionary represents all names that the module should make available at the global scope . That now includes our dynamically generated , Flask-SQLAlchemy model classes as well , letting the user say from framework.models.main_database import Artist , Album , exactly as desired !
OK , But ... Really ?
Though it 's a bit of fun , if you do n't immediately understand what the code is doing ( or how ) , study it a bit , line by line , until it becomes clear . Using the interactive interpreter ( or , better , IPython ) can be helpful here .
Hope you enjoyed this quick article . Hopefully , there will be more coming soon : )
Lockheed Martin has offered the Liberal government the F-35 as an “ interim ” fighter aircraft , a move sure to turn up the heat on rival U.S. aerospace firm Boeing still embroiled in a trade dispute with Canada .
Last year , the Liberals announced a proposal to buy 18 interim fighter jets from Boeing to deal with a capability gap facing the Royal Canadian Air Force . But that multibillion dollar plan to acquire Super Hornet jets has been thrown into limbo after Boeing filed a trade complaint in the U.S. against Bombardier of Quebec .
The Liberal government broke off discussions with Boeing on the Super Hornet deal .
But Lockheed Martin has seen opportunity in the rift between Canada and Boeing and has officially offered its F-35 as an interim aircraft to supplement the RCAF 's aging CF-18 jets . Lockheed has long contended the F-35 is more cost effective and more advanced than the Super Hornet .
Asked about the Lockheed Martin offer , Matthew Luloff , a spokesman with Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan 's office , responded that the federal government continues “ to explore many options to provide an interim solution to supplement the CF-18s until the permanent replacement is fully operational . ”
“ We have not yet made a decision , ” he added in an email . “ Discussions must demonstrate that the interim fleet is appropriately capable and can be obtained at a cost , schedule , and economic value that are acceptable to Canadians . ”
Lockheed Martin has noted that it continues to provide the Canadian government with updated information on the maturity of the F-35 program and the operational status of the jet .
The F-35 will be showcased Aug. 11-13 in Canada at the airshow at Abbotsford , B.C . The U.S. Air Force will be flying the plane at the show and F-35s from the Netherlands will be making their first appearance in Canada .
The Boeing Super Hornet will also appear at the air show . Boeing declined to comment about Lockheed Martin 's offer to the Canadian government on providing F-35s as interim aircraft .
Boeing was well on its way to wrap up the deal to provide Canada with the 18 Super Hornets . That was expected to be completed by the end of the year and cost between $ 5 billion and $ 7 billion .
But in April , Boeing complained to the U.S. government that Quebec-based Bombardier was receiving subsidies , which in turn allowed it to sell its C-Series civilian passenger aircraft at below-market prices . Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission to launch an investigation into Bombardier .
That prompted the Liberals to start backing away from a Super Hornet deal with Boeing , although federal officials acknowledged they were still talking with the U.S. government over acquiring fighter aircraft . “ It is not the behaviour of a trusted partner , ” Sajjan said of Boeing in an unprecedented speech in late May to defence industry executives .
The interim jets would be used to help bridge the gap until a new replacement fleet for Canada 's CF-18 fleet can be purchased . The Liberals have said they will buy 88 new jets to replace the CF-18s .
The previous Conservative government had committed Canada to buying the F-35 but backed off that promise as the aircraft became controversial because of increased costs and technical issues .
Canada , however , still remains a partner in the F-35 program and Canadian firms have contributed a large amount of equipment and parts to the stealth fighter .
But buying F-35 jets for the interim fighter aircraft program would potentially be embarrassing for the Liberals . During the election campaign , Justin Trudeau vowed his government would never buy the F-35 . As prime minister , Trudeau later claimed the F-35 “ does not work . ”
Boeing has declined a Canadian government request to drop its complaint against Bombardier . Boeing has said it considers the issue a commercial matter .
But Boeing 's actions run a risk for the aerospace company that wants to continue to do more defence business in Canada , analysts say .
MSI
OGNCasters Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 23 , 2016
We have some disappointing news to share with our fans today . After all of us received invitations and negotiated with Riot Games to join the broadcast crew for this year 's Mid-Season Invitational , we failed to arrive at an industry standard rate for our services and therefore can not work as casters in Shanghai .
We set out at the beginning of this year to determine average freelance rates in the eSports market and conducted a survey of contracts received by casters across titles including Counter Strike : Global Offensive , DotA 2 , Starcraft 2 , Halo 5 , and Hearthstone . We were surprised to discover from our peers that Riot 's offer to us was approximately 40 % to 70 % of the rate received by talent for major events in all of these titles . We shared these rates with Riot in the hope of reaching an agreement commensurate with the market but , while they offered a nominal increase , their deal remained far below industry standard for 2016 .
Since we are freelancers and not Riot employees , we rely on these contracts for our income and feel that we would damage our careers in the long term by accepting below-market rates . Furthermore , by agreeing to a significantly lower wage we fear that we may contribute to the regression of standards for freelance casters in the industry as a whole .
We love League of Legends and working with Riot Games ' world-class production team , and we are disappointed we can not contribute to an excellent event like MSI . We would also like to apologize to our fans who were expecting us to join the casting line-up in Shanghai since you have supported us over the years and we hate to let you down .
We hope that Riot Games will reconsider their rates for freelancers so we can collaborate again in the future . In the meantime , you can continue to watch our League of Legends broadcasts on OGN and at upcoming international events not produced by Riot Games .
Christopher “ MonteCristo ” Mykles
Erik “ DoA ” Lonnquist
Christopher “ PapaSmithy ” Smith
WASHINGTON — Responding to Republicans who have repeatedly tied gun violence to mental health issues , President Obama 's new gun control plan will allow state agencies and the Social Security Administration to provide certain “ protected health information ” to the F.B.I . to help crack down on weapons sales to people who pose a danger to themselves or others or are unable to manage their own affairs .
The measure was part of a much broader suite of guidelines and orders to address gun violence that is plaguing the country . And while many psychiatrists and patient advocates have not objected , some groups say the plan raises red flags .
“ We are concerned about the implications of this rule , ” said Jennifer Mathis , a lawyer at the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law , an advocacy group for patients . “ It points a finger inappropriately at people with mental illness as a source of gun violence . It 's a bad precedent to start creating exceptions to the privacy law for people with mental illness , who are responsible for about 4 percent of incidents of gun violence . ”
Virtually every push for new gun sale restrictions in recent years has been greeted by opponents countering with proposals to address mental health as a factor in gun violence .
When Barack Obama issued the orders known as the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents ( DAPA ) on November 20 , 2014 liberals were giddy with the power of “ I have a pen and a phone ” as Mr. Obama once bragged ; their hero could simply write his name and voila ! Instant law ! But in February of ‘ 15 a Federal judge , Andrew S. Hanen issued a temporary stay on the Obama Executive Order , forcing the Administration to appeal . The case eventually made its way to the Supreme Court , which deadlocked 4 to 4 and wound up affirming the original court order .
Now that a lawless federal judge has issued a stay on Donald Trump 's temporary entry ban to citizens of unstable or terrorist-sponsoring countries , an order that Mr. Trump took great pains to bring into compliance with a previous stay that was upheld by the notoriously liberal 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , the question arises as to whether he had the authority to do so . Is Mr. Trump out of control or are the courts ? Strangely enough , the very same people claiming Trump lacks the authority to do this held a very different opinion when Trump 's predecessor was in a similar position . Strange how their arguments have flipped .
“ He could not have forced Johnson to promulgate a program , however ; in the face of impasse , Obama would be able only to fire this secretary and try to appoint another . When Obama refers to “ his ” powers or “ my ” actions , he mainly insures that all the opposition to the program , both legal and political , will get focused with laser-like intensity on him , rather than Johnson . ”
“ Here 's the thing : No one should have been confused about “ whether the president had lawful authority to [ promulgate DAPA ] . ” The president did not—but that 's legally irrelevant . Obama 's legal authority is not at issue in the case . Really . Truly . Not even a little bit . Obama did not take the legally relevant action ; Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson did . It 's a program of which he is the legal author and for which he , not the president , is legally accountable . Politically and institutionally , this is a critically important difference .
Writing in The Atlantic in June of 2016 , Peter M. Shane made the following argument in favor of the Obama program :
Liberals rode to the rescue as soon as the first restraining order was issued .
Obama 's executive order was struck down not because he did not have authority over U.S. immigration policy but because he was openly violating laws duly passed by Congress . The courts rulings were based on the so-called Take Care Clause , which requires him to faithfully execute the laws of the United States . His motives did not enter into it .
“ The Obama administration has argued that the president has the authority under the Constitution to allocate resources among enforcement priorities , especially in the area of immigration law , where historically , and as a result of the foreign policy implications of immigration , an unusual amount of power is given to the president to set priorities . Obama , like all his predecessors , has sought to use limited resources given him by Congress to deport violent and dangerous undocumented immigrants rather than hardworking and peaceful ones . ”
If Trump were to do that he could be impeached . That is their hope and their trap .
( By the way the DOJ admitted that the Department of Homeland Security violated the injunction anyway . )
The reason why the Left could make this argument is that the law does not direct the President to make these determinations but “ the Director ” which essentially means Obama is not in direct control of the policy so he is not violating the law . Cute .
Same voices defending Obama 's absolute right to determine immigration policy are now screaming at President Trump
Yet strangely enough the same voices defending Obama 's absolute right to determine immigration policy are now screaming at President Trump .
According to Posner :
“ The deeper problem with Judge Hanen 's reasoning is that , as he explicitly acknowledges , the president really does have the constitutional authority to decide to go after violent felons and leave everyone else alone . ”
So the President has the authority to decide who may be a danger and stop their entry into the United States . Is n't this precisely what Trump is doing ?
As I have chronicled in Canada Free Press the President clearly has the legal authority and duty to make the determinations of who gets in . The court rulings against Mr. Trump 's orders are based entirely on Trump 's campaign rhetoric - which should not matter in this issue anyway - and yet if we are to follow the logic of Peter Shane the courts had absolutely no right to even consider Trump 's thinking since it would rather be the work of DHS Director , not Mr. Trump .
And the Obama Administration 's arguments in the DAPA case directly repudiates the argument being made against Trump . In the DAPA hearing , Justice Stephan Bryer did not think the individual states had standing :
“ Justice Stephen Breyer brought the conversation back to the matter of standing . He noted that the Supreme Court rejected analogous cases in 1923 involving claims that the federal Maternity Act interfered with states ' authority . Keller responded that unlike the 1923 cases , which pressed claims based on taxpayer standing ( a theory long rejected by the justices ) , DAPA imposes an injury on Texas 's sovereign interests . Breyer countered that this theory would allow states to seek to invalidate numerous federal laws . ”
Strange that the liberals on the Court all supported the notion that the individual states did not have standing then . Granted , SCOTUS has not yet heard the Trump case , but how much does anyone want to bet that those same Justices will rule the states DO have standing ? In fact , I strongly suspect the Court will see the liberal members make a 180 * turn on this issue .
What must be remembered is that Obama wanted to give legal status to invading aliens who wanted to colonize America while Mr. Trump is trying to protect the security of America and her citizens . Obama was acting out of political and perhaps personal motives while Trump is actually doing his job , fulfilling his oath of office . His personal attitudes have no place in the rulings
Simon Lazarus argued in the New Republic that :
“ ... the Court 's response to the Fifth Circuit 's DAPA decision should be straightforward . It will accept review and dismiss the case on the ground that the party that filed it , the state of Texas ( on behalf of 25 similarly Republican-led states ) , has asserted no injury that gives it legal “ standing ” to get its grievance into court . The alleged injury on which the lower court judges relied to allow Texas to challenge DAPA is that , under Texas law , recipients of deferred action status may obtain state-subsidized drivers ' licenses , costing the state $ 130.89 each . ... But , as numerous experts have noted , well-established doctrine bars state or local entities from seeking judicial redress simply for incidental , self-engineered ( Texas is free to repeal its subsidy ) monetary loss from a federal policy change , certainly not on such a trivial scale . From the standpoint of defusing perceptions of politicization , retaining barriers to standing for Texas 's DAPA challenge will have a more systematic—and consequential—impact than the rejection of last term 's attempt to cripple the ACA . Ruling otherwise will license state or local politicians to put virtually any beef with the feds , however politically driven , on the docket of a convenient lower federal court , and , ultimately , the Supreme Court . Government programs at all levels could be threatened with gridlock—just as national immigration enforcement policy is gridlocked by this lawsuit . ”
So why is this same logic not applicable now ? If Texas did n't have standing then why do states have it now ?
Notice , too , how the Left used the financial arguments against DAPA in the Trump case . The two situations are not analogous ; Texas was being overrun by hordes of illegal aliens - many of them children - and were being forced to subsidize them . The same is in no way true of the Trump policy . Simon Lazarus called the invasion “ trivial ” yet how much more trivial is the money lost because a few citizens of suspect countries are n't coming ?
And it was not just liberal news people who supported Obama 's DAPA plan ; over 200 Democrats signed an amicus brief in support of Obama 's right to set immigration policy . According to the Politico story :
“ Democrats are insisting that Obama is not violating the “ Take Care ” clause because the executive actions are well within the authority of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , whose sprawling agency oversees immigration matters . ”
Yet those same Democrats have ripped President Trump for his exercising Presidential authority . Strange .
In the final analysis , the very arguments that were unsuccessful in the DAPA case are far more applicable in this instance . The federal statutes are entirely on Trump 's side , and the essence of the argument against Trump boils down to schoolyard taunts that he is a big meanie who hates Muslims . We must ask why Barack Obama was seen by the Left as upholding the law when Donald Trump - who actually is - is treated worse than Fidel Castro . So many of those opposing Trump like to wear Che ' Guevara tee shirts , after all .
Image caption The annual dash into the freezing sea has been held in Lowestoft for decades
A Christmas Day dip that has been running for 35 years has been cancelled after its organisers pulled out .
The dash into the sea in Lowestoft , Suffolk , has raised hundreds of thousands of pounds for charity .
Organisers Lawrence Chapman and Mark Attenburrow said they had spoken to other groups to get them to take it over , but that had not been possible .
`` It is very , very sad and not a decision we have taken lightly , '' they said on the event 's website .
Mr Chapman said he had recently received a promotion and no longer worked in the town , while Mr Attenburrow said new work commitments had also forced him to stop .
`` We have been pleased to do this , but now enough is enough , '' said the pair .
`` We have left this difficult announcement as late as possible in the hope that we would find a solution , but there is nothing forthcoming .
`` We would encourage people not to take it upon themselves to swim at Lowestoft as the lifeguard cover will not be in place . Rather we suggest joining one of the other swims such as Southwold . ''
In 2002 , the future of the dip was put in doubt after insurers demanded £1,200 to put on the event , but a new firm stepped in to ensure it could continue .
Christmas and new year swims have taken place along many parts of the East Coast for decades , with large events being held in Cromer in Norfolk and Felixstowe .
As the popularity of reusable water bottles has grown over the last 5 years , there have been some good and not so good products to hit the market . I would say that 50 % of the bottles that I have used over time have leaked in one way or another . Recently , I have been testing out Vapur fluid pouches which are like a water bottle , but without the hard plastic or steel , and they do n't leak !
The Vapur water bottles hold various amounts of water or fluid , anywhere from .4 liters to 1 liter . I decided to test the .5L and .7L sizes as I thought they would be small enough to fit into small pockets on a backpack and not take up too much room .
Function
The Vapur water bottles are similar in function to that of a water bottle but without the bulk when the water or liquid is gone . This is nice if you are looking to save space while traveling , hiking , or backpacking . It also saves on weight since you do n't have as much material , but the difference is fairly minimal compared to some of the water bottles on the market . To fill the Vapur pouches up , you unscrew the top mouth piece and fill it up . After , you screw the mouth piece back on and you are set to go . There are two different mouth pieces , one that is similar to any other squeeze bottle and one where you flip the lid open to drink . I personally like the mouth piece where you flip the lid .
One of the more unique features of the Vapur pouches is that they have a carabiner clipped onto the pouch so you can clip it to a purse , backpack , etc .
Design
The pouches are designed to stand up as the bottom is designed to be flat . This I could take or leave , but some people would find it helpful or useful . There are a number of colorful designs that you can choose from , so depending on your preference you can get one t match your style .
In the end , I found the Vapur Anti Bottle to be unique in design and function , but I felt at times where I wanted something a little more solid to hold on to . For people looking to shave ounces and space , the Vapur pouches could come in very handy .
Honolulu 's Café 8 ½ gets rave reviews on Yelp for its “ Radiatore Verde ” and “ Italian stir fry , ” among other popular dishes at the eclectic mom-and-pop restaurant – but the response to its new 'policy ' barring pro-Trump patrons has been decidedly more mixed .
ADVERTISEMENT
A bright yellow , handmade sign posted on the restaurant 's front glass door declares : “ If you voted for Trump you can not eat here ! No Nazis . ”
A photo of the sign was shared with FoxNews.com . One also is proudly posted on the café 's Facebook page , and was “ liked ” by some 40 people .
“ …The next time you 're in Honolulu , eat lunch here , not only are they on the right side of things , the food is delicious and reasonable , ” one Facebook user wrote next to the photo .
Others are n't so charmed .
Honolulu resident and Donald Trump voter Susan Roberts told FoxNews.com she found the sign in “ extreme poor taste . ”
“ It 's childish and very unprofessional , ” she said in an email . “ … The restaurant owner does n't have to worry ... I will not be stepping foot in that establishment . ”
Willes Lee , former chairman of the Hawaii Republican Party and now president of National Federation of Republican Assemblies , told FoxNews.com the sign is discriminatory , and harkens back to “ racist and hate-filled ” days before statehood .
“ Remember when Filipinos could n't go in certain places , or Japanese would n't be allowed [ in ] many homes ? And , it did n't matter who they voted for , ” said Lee , who is of Japanese descent .
“ People should be able to get food without hearing a political message , ” one apparent former customer wrote on Yelp . “ I will never go back . ”
According to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser , the café was founded by Robert Warner , a former hair stylist for Vidal Sassoon in San Francisco and former restaurateur in Seattle , along with his wife Jali .
Reached for comment Tuesday , Jali downplayed the sign 's supposed ban . She told FoxNews.com the restaurant is not actually asking customers whether they voted for President-elect Trump , and said even if they see a customer with a Trump shirt , “ we do n't put anything different [ in ] your food . ”
“ Robert just wants to express how much he does n't like Trump , ” Jali said . “ If people take it personally or it hurts them , we can not help . That 's why we say they have [ a ] choice if they want to come or not come . We do n't force them . ”
She said three people called to complain about the sign when it first went up , “ that 's it . ”
“ We do n't want to create trouble , ” Jali said . “ There is enough trouble in the world . ”
While Jali is soft-spoken , Warner , some customers note , is known to channel the “ soup Nazi ” persona of New York City and “ Seinfeld ” fame -- “ throwing pots and pans , ” “ telling off customers , ” and “ hanging not-so-friendly reminders on butcher paper for his customers to read . ”
But another Yelp reviewer took issue with the attitude and the sign , writing : “ It was funny on Seinfeld , but this place can rot away . Stay away . Hawaii ai n't like this . There are a lot of better places on the island than to have deal with extra crap like this . ”
Hawaii overwhelmingly supported Hillary Clinton during the Nov. 8 election , and historically has supported Democrats in local and national races . In fact , just six Republicans are in the 51-member House , and the 25-member Senate is GOP-free .
Now that the election is over , however , Lee said most residents want to just get on with their lives .
“ The [ restaurant ] owners might want to make a better sign , ” he said , “ since Trump will undoubtedly be in office for eight years . ”
Photo
When Cali Yost was a teenager , she loved having a busy social life . But her teenage daughter Maddie is different . Even in elementary school , she loved her friends , but sometimes turned down invitations to their homes .
“ I would have chosen a playdate every day , ” said Ms. Yost , a Madison , N.J. , workplace consultant . For this outgoing parent , it 's been a challenge to accept that her child , now 15 , still has less interest in the kind of busy social life she herself craved .
As many as one-third or half of all people are introverts , and that includes teenagers , says Susan Cain , whose new book , “ Quiet Power : The Secret Strengths of Introverts , ” focuses on the challenges that introverts face during their middle-school and high school years .
“ There 's such an expectation that teenagers will embrace this natural rhythm of going from one thing to another , ” and will be at their happiest when surrounded by other teens , said Ms. Cain .
Parents worry when teenagers do n't fit that mold , and schools and teachers often still favor the more outgoing child , said Ms. Cain , author of the 2102 best seller “ Quiet . ”
Children who match what she calls the “ extroverted ideal ” ( charismatic , talkative , always surrounded by friends ) are more readily seen as happy and successful , even within their own families . It 's much harder for parents like Ms. Yost to know whether a quieter child is making her own choice to be alone or if she is feeling excluded .
“ I hear from extroverted parents all the time , ” Ms. Cain said . “ They derive so much pleasure from being in the mix socially that it 's hard for them to really understand a child who would rather stay home . '
Even parents who share a child 's quieter characteristics are n't immune from worry , she said .
“ For introverted parents , it 's easy to understand and relate to an introverted child 's needs and preferences , ” Ms. Cain said . “ But if we have a lingering discomfort or sense of shame about our own introversion , we tend to assume it 's going to be that way for our teen . ”
Both kinds of parents , she said , need to check their own mental outlook . “ Do you see your teen 's personality as wonderful , or as a detriment that you have to overcome ? ” Parents who appreciate a teen 's quieter temperament can help him to embrace it and at the same time encourage him to push past the reluctance or even fear that sometimes accompanies introversion if it 's limiting his opportunities . But knowing when to push , and when to back off , is a challenge .
That was true for Karen Brown , a public radio reporter in Northampton , Mass. , and an extroverted parent who has long struggled with her son 's introversion .
“ This is exactly the age when he needs to be putting himself out there , ” she said , referring to building his college applications and recommendations . “ But because the stakes are higher does n't mean his personality has changed . ”
She 's gently pushing him toward summer opportunities , and encouraging him to spend more time talking with teachers , coaches and guidance counselors . At the same time , she 's to accept that his version of putting himself out there might not look like hers . She might think he should apply for five summer positions ; he might inquire about one , but immediately go after the job . “ There are things he does that surprise me and remind me that I do n't always understand how well he 's finding his way with his peers or in the world at large , ” she said .
Ms. Yost is particularly conscious of the need to allow her daughter to find her own way . “ I was an extrovert raised by introverts , and that was sometimes hard , ” she said . “ When I realized she and I were different I very consciously did not want to repeat that pattern. ” Ms. Yost has found that she can help Maddie to find the right approach when she has to decide whether to stay home one night or join in when her friends get together .
“ I remind her , ‘ you said no a bunch of times so they may think you do n't want to come . ' That means you may have to make an extra effort next time , ” she said . She also points out that her daughter 's more extroverted friends look at their gatherings differently . “ They assume that if you want to be there , you 'll just go . They do n't sit back and wait to be invited. ” She helps Maddie fight her natural tendency to worry about intruding and join in when she 's ready .
When Ms. Brown thinks her son needs to take a chance on a social gathering , she makes a deal with him — she 'll come to get him within an hour . “ I get there in 55 minutes , ” she said — and even when he seems to be enjoying himself , he 's also ready to go . That would n't be her decision , but she 's learned to respect his .
Even parents who push on occasion also need to recognize that teenagers have reasons for the choices they make . “ There are many weekend nights where it 's been a long week , and she 's just had it , ” Ms. Yost says of her daughter . And some teenagers may deliberately avoid social situations that they know ( but do n't want their parents to know ) will include alcohol , drugs or sexual pressures .
One key , said Ms. Cain , is to consider — or ask your teenager to consider — whether he or she is making a decision out of a perfectly legitimate need or preference , or out of fear or discomfort . That will help prepare them to weigh their own choices when they 're in college and need to decide when to push themselves .
What 's most important , Ms. Cain said , is that children feel that it 's O.K . to be quieter than the typical teen .
“ They need the freedom to say , ‘ that 's not my thing , ' ” she said .
Interested in more Well Family ? Sign up to get the latest news on parenting , child health and relationships with advice from our experts to help every family live well .
Related :
NEW DELHI : Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Friday attacked the ruling BJP in the three civic bodies , saying it had become synonymous with chikhungunya , malaria , dengue and garbage and the people of Delhi would be risking their children 's lives if they voted for the party in the April 23 MCD polls `` If you vote for the BJP and if your child falls prey to chikunngya or dengue , you are responsible for it . I can offer free treatment to your child in ( the Delhi government ) hospitals , but what led to him contracting dengue . `` If someone in your home falls ill then you are responsible because you voted for the party which is synonymous to chikhungunya , malaria , dengue and garbage , '' he said in a stinging attack on the BJP as the city goes to the polls on Sunday.The BJP is in power in the three municipal corporations of Delhi ( MCDs ) since 2007.Making a fervent appeal to vote for an `` honest Aam Aadmi Party '' , the Chief Minister said his party will clean Delhi in a year and eradicate vector-borne diseases in the next three years.He said that the Congress is `` dead '' in Delhi and at the national level , and voting for them would mean `` wasting your vote . `` Kejriwal also alleged that with just two days left for the MCD polls , the BJP and the Congress are resorting to the `` cheap politics '' by engineering the water and power shortages . `` The BJP and the Congress are stealing oil from the power transformers and ensuring that there is power shortage . They are doing it deliberately and resorting to cheap politics by disrupting water and power supply , '' he alleged . `` Your fight is with me , so do not harm the people of Delhi , '' he said , adding that such acts will continue till Sunday , the polling day.Kejriwal also accused the BJP of trying to mask its `` misdeeds '' by asking people to vote for the party in the name of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
NEW YORK -- An emergency room doctor who recently returned to the city after treating Ebola patients in West Africa has tested positive for the virus , becoming the first case in the city and the fourth in the nation .
CBS New York identified the patient as Dr. Craig Spencer , 33 . He recently returned from Guinea , where he worked at an Ebola treatment center with the aid group Doctors Without Borders .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and Gov . Andrew Cuomo on Thursday urged residents not to be alarmed by the doctor 's Ebola diagnosis , even as they described him riding the subway , taking a cab and bowling . De Blasio said all city officials followed `` clear and strong '' protocols in their handling and treatment of him .
`` We want to state at the outset that New Yorkers have no reason to be alarmed , '' de Blasio said at a news conference , repeating that the Ebola virus can only be transmitted through contact with bodily fluids . `` New Yorkers who have not been exposed are not at all at risk . ''
Dr. Craig Spencer , who treated Ebola patients in West Africa , tested positive for the virus in a New York hospital . CBS News
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed it is sending a team to New York to deal with the case . The agency will conduct additional tests to confirm Spencer 's diagnosis .
Dr. Mary Travis Bassett , NYC Health Commissioner , gave a timeline on Spencer 's progression after he returned from West Africa .
She said Spencer completed his work with Doctors Without Borders on Oct. 12 , and left Guinea on Oct. 14 , traveling through Europe . He arrived at Kennedy Airport in New York on Oct. 17 . Throughout this period , Spencer had no symptoms at all .
According to Bassett , Spencer followed the Doctors Without Borders protocol and checked his temperature twice a day after leaving West Africa . During this time he had `` limited '' contact with others , with the exception of his fiancee and two friends , Bassett said .
But he did not stay inside his apartment , either .
`` We know that during the time that the patient was home , before he became sick , that he did leave his apartment , '' Bassett explained . `` We are aware that he went on a three-mile jog ... and he also took the subway system , we know that he 's ridden on the A train , the 1 train , the L train .
`` Yesterday he went to a bowling alley in Williamsburg , he was feeling well at that time except for his feeling of fatigue . The patient went there with friends and he did bowl . The patient was not symptomatic , '' she said .
The Uber driver who took Spencer to the Brooklyn bowling alley , called The Gutter , was the only other person he had contact with . The company said in a statement that the CDC and city health department had assured Uber that the driver was at no risk .
Thursday morning , Spencer developed a high temperature and diarrhea . He and his fiancee contacted Doctors Without Borders and the city health department .
[ The New York City Health Department told CBS News the fever was low-grade , 100.3 degrees , not 103 degrees as was originally , widely reported . ]
`` As per the specific guidelines that Doctors Without Borders provides its staff on their return from Ebola assignments , the individual engaged in regular health monitoring and reported this development immediately , '' said Doctors Without Borders spokesman Tim Shenk in a statement .
New York City Department of Health Commissioner Dr. Mary Travis Bassett , Mayor Bill de Blasio , and New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo appear at a press conference at Bellevue Hospital about a doctor who tested positive with Ebola Thursday , Oct. 23 , 2014 . CBS News
Around noon Thursday , specially trained emergency workers wearing protective gear transported Spencer to Bellevue Hospital , one of eight medical centers in New York State with specialized Ebola units .
`` When symptoms emerged , he was taken to Bellevue by workers who followed all protocols , '' said de Blasio . `` A team of disease detectives have been tracing all of the patients ' contacts and are prepared to quarantine his contacts as necessary . ''
Spencer 's fiancee is hospitalized as a precaution and two other friends are being quarantined , Bassett said , but none are showing symptoms .
NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center , where Spencer works as an emergency room physician , described him as a `` dedicated humanitarian '' who `` went to an area of medical crisis to help a desperately underserved population . ''
`` He is a committed and responsible physician who always puts his patients first , '' the statement said . `` He has not been to work at our hospital and has not seen any patients at our hospital since his return from overseas . ''
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo said New York , on both the city and state level , had been preparing for months for the possibility of Ebola cases .
`` We are as ready as one could be for this circumstance . What happened in Dallas was actually the exact opposite , '' Cuomo said . `` Dallas , unfortunately , was caught before they could really prepare before they really knew what they were dealing with . We had the advantage of learning from the Dallas experience . ''
Cuomo added , `` I know it 's a frightening situation . But the more facts you know , the less frightening the situation is . ''
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa has killed about 4,800 people . Other than Spencer , only three people have been diagnosed with the virus in the U.S .
Thomas Eric Duncan , who fell ill shortly after arriving from his native Liberia in September , succumbed to the disease at Texas Health Presbyterian in Dallas earlier this month .
The two other patients , both nurses who cared for Duncan , are being treated in specialized Ebola units . Nina Pham is being cared for at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Md. , and Amber Vinson is at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta .
Several other Americans who contracted Ebola in West Africa have been successfully cured after returning to the U.S. for treatment .
Within 20 days of the store 's opening , personnel had caught four people with sticky fingers .
They were all given the choice of either being reported to police and fined 1500 kronor ( $ 220 ) , or working a weekend shift at the store collecting shopping carts , while wearing a sign that says “ I 'm a THIEF , I shoplifted from DOLLARSTORE ” .
“ None of the shoplifters chose the sign , ” DollarStore 's owner Peter Ahlberg told the local daily Dagbladet , adding that his goal is to draw attention to the growing problem of shoplifting in Sweden , and not simply to shame shoplifters .
His company alone , with about 20 stores in Sweden , loses millions of kronor to shoplifters each year .
“ In our store in Boden they displayed 60 bras and 20 of them were stolen , ” Ahlberg told the paper .
The store also reported similar losses for denim and batteries , but Ahlberg made sure to point out that the vast majority of customers are honest , saying that it 's only about one percent that are the troublemakers .
According to SEB , a major Swedish bank , shoplifting constitutes more than 1.4 percent of the revenue in Swedish stores , adding up to 6.4 billion kronor per year , Dagbladet reported .
Ahlberg also admitted that the number of unreported cases of shoplifting is huge , since it 's a very time consuming process that many choose to forego .
Annica Odelind with the local Sundsvall police told the paper that crimes should always be reported .
However , if a person chooses to make a deal with the store in order to avoid legal actions , that is up to the parties involved , she added .
China 's Jade Rabbit rover has run into difficulties , with engineers from the China Academy of Space Technology reporting that “ abnormalities in the lunar vehicle ” have arisen from “ the complicated environment on the moon 's surface ” .
Despite the vagueness of this technological explanation , Jade Rabbit - named after a mythological rabbit that lives on the Moon - has managed to write its own , sentimental farewell through China 's state-run news agency Xinhua :
“ Although I should 've gone to bed this morning , my masters discovered something abnormal with my mechanical control system , ” lamented the rover in a diary piece that was also tweeted by a fan-run Webio account ( a Twitter clone ) .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
“ My masters are staying up all night working for a solution . I heard their eyes are looking more like my red rabbit eyes . Nevertheless , I 'm aware that I might not survive this lunar night . ”
The lunar night in question is the 14-day period in which the Moon is in shadow . During this time temperatures plunge to -170 degrees Celsius ( -274 degrees Fahrenheit ) and Jade Rabbit – which is powered by solar panels – must enter into a hibernation state to preserve its core systems .
For unknown reasons , this transition has not been possible and it 's likely that once the lunar night has passed the six-wheeled rover will not recover . Thankfully , Jade Rabbit is viewing its impending doom with healthy stoicism :
`` If this journey must come to an early end , I am not afraid . Whether or not the repairs are successful , I believe even my malfunctions will provide my masters with valuable information and experience . Even so , I know I may not make it through this lunar night . ”
This sort of personification is common for Chinese media , with state news outlets regularly bestowing heroic characteristics to non-human actors in key propaganda events . AP notes that this sort of “ folksy touch ” is used to “ drum up national pride ” .
This fusing together of national myth with state enterprise has been an element of the Jade Rabbit mission ever since its name was first decided by popular poll , and the sentimental tone has proved popular with the Chinese public .
The rover 's unofficial Weibo account has been flooded with messages of sympathy and admiration . One user named Amaniandlove writes : “ You have done a great job Yutu . You have endured extreme hot and cold temperatures and shown us what we have never seen . Hope you get well soon , but no matter what , it is your presence that makes the planet about 390,000 kilometres away dazzling . ”
Jade Rabbit 's shutdown may seem anticlimactic when compared to the likes of Nasa 's Opportunity mission ( the Mars rover coincidentally celebrated 10 years in operation last week ) but it is still a substantial achievement . It was the first soft landing on the Moon in 40 years and , as Jade Rabbit itself reminded readers :
“ About half of the past 130 explorations ended in success ; the rest ended in failure . This is space exploration ; the danger comes with its beauty . I am but a tiny dot in the vast picture of mankind 's adventure in space . ''
The farewell sounds similar to Carl Sagan 's 'Pale Blue Dot ' , but the final message seemed directly calibrated to tug at the heartstrings :
“ I 've said a lot today , yet still feel like it 's not enough , '' writes Jade Rabbit . I 'll tell everyone a secret . Actually , I 'm not feeling especially sad . Just like any other hero , I 've only encountered a little problem while on my own adventure .
“ Good night , planet Earth . Good night , humanity . ”
IN RECENT years Brazil 's government has been able to avoid tough spending choices . Faster economic growth and falling tax evasion have translated into steadily rising revenues , allowing the federal government to hire more workers and pay them more , as well as to boost pensions and social transfers ( see chart 1 ) . But the fat times are over . In 2011 economic growth was only 2.7 % ; this year 2 % looks optimistic . Tax revenues are rising only a little faster than inflation . The government can no longer satisfy everyone .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The noisiest demands come from public-sector workers . Teachers at federal universities have been on strike for three months ; they have recently been joined by federal police , tax officials and staff at some regulatory agencies . Around 300,000 have walked out , almost half the federal workforce . Police have blocked roads and worked to rule at airports , causing travel chaos . Striking customs officials have left goods stuck in ports . The strikers ' demands would swell the federal government 's salary bill by up to 50 % ; inflation is running at 5.2 % .
The president , Dilma Rousseff , has made clear her irritation . Most federal employees have had big pay increases since 2003 , when her Workers ' Party ( PT ) came to power . On average , federal salaries are now around double the private-sector rate for equivalent jobs , points out Raul Velloso , a public-finance specialist in Brasília .
Ms Rousseff has said that any pay rises will be limited to the lowest paid , or tied to productivity—and that public money would be better directed to helping private companies avoid lay-offs . Strikers have been threatened with docked pay and state governments authorised to use their own staff as cover . All this marks a big shift : the strikes are being led by the Central Única dos Trabalhadores , a powerful group of unions with strong links to the PT .
Even if the president wins this battle of wills , it has already disrupted her plans . For months officials have been promising new measures to boost growth by cutting the custo Brasil , as the fearsome cost of doing business in the country is known . To turn an honest centavo , businesses must cope with awful roads , high energy costs , archaic labour laws and a Byzantine bureaucracy . But announcements were postponed as the government reworked its sums to find some crumbs for the strikers .
On August 15th , before an audience of business leaders at the presidential palace , Ms Rousseff unveiled plans for auctions to bring private firms into building and running infrastructure . Investors will be invited to build or upgrade and then operate toll roads totalling 7,500km ( 4,700 miles ) and railways covering 10,000km . Investment will total some 133 billion reais ( $ 66 billion ) , the government estimates , with almost half spent in the next five years . The auctions will start early next year . Among the projects to be handed over are some from the government 's flagship Growth Acceleration Programme ( PAC ) of hitherto public investment . Contracts for ports and airports will follow . Partnership with the private sector was the “ thriftiest ” approach , said the president : “ We want better infrastructure to cut costs for businesses and taxpayers , and most of all to ensure more and better-paying jobs . ”
Brazil 's trade surplus relies on shipping out mountains of soya beans , iron ore and such like—the stuff is mostly moved along bumpy roads to antiquated , badly run ports , only to sit idle before loading , sometimes for weeks . Air passenger numbers have doubled in the past decade and are expected to do so again in the next . The country 's rail network is an eighth the size of that in the United States , and much of it is in terrible condition . Although federal spending on infrastructure has risen recently , excluding housing it is still only 1.1 % of GDP .
Ms Rousseff , like her party , is instinctively hostile to anything akin to privatisation . But she has clearly concluded that without private-sector involvement , the infrastructure Brazil needs will never be built . Clearing such a backlog would strain any government—and in Brazil , where current spending has long crowded out investment , it is simply impossible . To make matters worse , around two-thirds of federal spending goes on pensions or other non-discretionary items , points out Mr Velloso ( see chart 2 ) . And even when the cash is there , an incompetent public sector often can not get projects off the drawing board . Infraero , the state firm that mismanages Brazil 's airports , often fails to carry out budgeted improvements . Many PAC projects are running years behind schedule .
A policy shift away from short-term boosts to demand towards ambitious infrastructure upgrades should increase Brazil 's long-term growth , says Gray Newman of Morgan Stanley , an investment bank . But bringing in private firms can not turn things around immediately . Cumbersome and illogical planning and environmental laws often halt infrastructure projects for months—or for ever . This week a federal court ordered a halt to work on Belo Monte , a controversial hydroelectric scheme in the Amazon , for example . And contracting out can work only if the PT overcomes its distaste for decent private profits : the many risks in project-execution mean that otherwise investors will stay away .
The other half of the government 's promised attack on the custo Brasil—modest but broad-based tax cuts—has still not been confirmed . It has hinted that a cut in payroll taxes granted last year to sectors heavily exposed to foreign competition , such as shoes and software , may be extended to all employers . Three or four of the 28 taxes on electricity could also be abolished , reducing some of the world 's highest bills by 10-20 % .
Both moves would benefit consumers and cut business costs across the economy . They would also signal a change of direction : previous tax cuts have been narrow and temporary . But budgetary pressures may mean that they are watered down or further delayed . Brazilian business must hope Ms Rousseff holds her nerve .
Correction : This article originally mistakenly referred to Brazil 's current-account surplus . Brazil runs a trade surplus , not a current-account surplus . This was corrected on August 17th .
The Mr. Transman competition is back for its third year in a row -- and the competition is stiffer than ever .
Set to take place at The Knitting Factory in Brooklyn , New York , on Thurday , Dec. 5 , Mr. Transman will bring together five individuals to compete for the title through the categories of Platform , Swimsuit , Interview , Talent and Evening Wear . The `` female-to-male competition '' will be judged by a panel of trans and queer personalities , including Juliana Huxtable , Merrie Cherry , Glenn Marla , Kit Yan and reigning Mr. Transman Teddie B Glaze .
In 2010 the Mr. Transman pageant marked the first documented FTM competition in New York -- and possibly the world .
For more information visit the Mr. Transman 2013 Facebook page , or to purchase tickets visit the competition 's website .
The annual California Democratic Convention held at the San Jose Convention Center last month generated many stories about policymakers and activists coming together in preparation for the upcoming elections .
Yet one important development was overshadowed by top-line political headlines : the adoption of the California Democratic Party political platform reaffirming the rights and dignity of the transgender community .
When delegates met , they added into the platform a declaration to : “ Protect the right of all people to use facilities and participate in all aspects of society consistent with their true gender identity , regardless of the gender assigned them at birth . ”
This is a significant and necessary step forward for all transgender people—who are simply those born as one sex , but feel deeply and consistently that their gender identity is different .
According to the National Center for Transgender Equality , “ Transgender people face extraordinary levels of physical and sexual violence , whether on the streets , at school or work , at home , or at the hands of government officials . ... More than one in four transgender people have faced a bias-driven assault , and rates are higher for transgender women and transgender people of color . ”
Frankly , these statistics are appalling .
No one should be harassed or have their privacy invaded in order to use a public facility , simply because they are transgender . All Californians—no matter their race , age , gender or sexual orientation—should have the same freedom to go about their lives without fear of prejudice .
The delegates at the California Democratic Convention must be applauded for recognizing the importance of making a clear statement that all Californians have a responsibility to take a stand against discriminatory attacks on transgender people .
While their recent action was a positive stride , it 's just the beginning . As Californians , we can not stop until transgender people are treated equally in all parts of life—a mission that 's worth fighting for .
Kris Hayashi serves as executive director of the Transgender Law Center . Rick Zbur is executive director of Equality California ( EQCA ) .
Like this : Like Loading ...
A statement received by VegNews from by CHLOE 's co-founder Samantha Wasser indicates that the brand will remain 100-percent vegan after co-founder and chef Chloe Coscarelli 's departure . A recent ruling by a New York arbitrator allowed the by CHLOE brand—which was comprised of a partnership between restaurant group ESquared Hospitality , Wasser , and Coscarelli—to terminate Coscarelli and continue the brand without her involvement . “ By CHLOE never has—and will never plan—to serve non-vegan items , ” Wasser says , explaining that confusion about the matter arose due to information “ misstated by a New York Post article describing the initial lawsuit. ” Wasser expressed gratitude to the vegan community , calling it the “ backbone ” of by CHLOE 's continued success . “ We pride ourselves on offering a menu of whole , plant-based vegan dishes that our guests enjoy nationwide and will never do anything to compromise the integrity of our brand or vegan menu , ” Wasser said , adding , “ We look forward to continuing to grow the by CHLOE brand and hope our customers will come along for the ride. ” Coscarelli—who plans to remove her name from the company 's branding—spoke to the Wall Street Journal about the matter stating , “ I will protect the integrity of my brand . ”
Want more on this story ? You might also be interested in :
Chloe Coscarelli Fired for Defending Veganism
EXCLUSIVE : A Statement from Chef Chloe Coscarelli
Chloe Coscarelli Defends Vegan Empire from Meat
by CHLOE Now Open in Brooklyn
New by CHLOE comes to Rhode Island
New by CHLOE Locations Coming to Boston
Second by CHLOE Opens in Los Angeles
From RationalWiki
“ ” Slymepit – A forum/opposite of a fan club dedicated to hateful obsession with Slymepit – A forum/opposite of a fan club dedicated to hateful obsession with Skepchicks and FreeThoughtBlogs . Think 4chan but obsessed with a very small number of people . They make photoshops , videos , write stories , tell rape/PTSD jokes , come up with crude nicknames , stalk our home addresses , work places , and use hospitalizations to start STD rumors — that sort of thing . —Ashley F. Miller
The `` Slymepit '' is a discussion board that began as a series of completely unhinged discussion threads , originally going by the name `` The SlimePit '' , on the ScienceBlogs site of virologist-blogger Abbie `` ERV '' Smith . Started in the wake of Elevatorgate and populated by vocal misogynists , confessed trolls , and other lost souls , they were forced to move to a separate site as a result of National Geographic 's takeover of ScienceBlogs . Its entire reason for existing is to create a massive circlejerk around the meme that `` feminism is poisoning atheism , '' and as a result is heavily dominated by the kind of atheists who tend to prefer leaving their prejudices about women , economics , and occasionally race unexamined . [ 1 ]
Its existence is more sad and pathetic than anything else ; outside their unexamined prejudices , a lot of Slymepitters were formerly respected , but have been largely ostracized from the more self-questioning sides of skepticism , and therefore see themselves as being bullied by mean ol ' women and manginas . There 's some a lot of overlap with the men 's rights movement here. [ 2 ] . One of the Slymepit 's greatest `` achievements '' was their shameless exploitation of a mentally disturbed woman to `` get back '' at PZ Myers . [ 3 ]
The term 'Slymepitter ' is also used more broadly to describe anyone whose comments and behaviour would be lauded there , even if they themselves have never been part of the group .
Slymepit dislikes [ edit ]
They do n't particularly like RationalWiki , and have adopted Slymepitter Franc Hoggle 's term `` baboons '' used originally to describe PZ Myers and Pharyngula . They also really do n't like Rebecca Watson , PZ Myers , Jen McCreight or anyone who calls them out on their crap , generally referring to such individuals as `` cucks '' and `` white knights '' [ 6 ] . The entire exercise seems to be one enormous justification for being allowed to hit on women on elevators in the wee hours of the morning . A bit of a productivity waste , eh ? [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Slymepit satire [ edit ]
The Slymepit is infamous for the terrible quality of its 'parody ' and 'satirical ' photoshopped images . Not all images featured on the Slymepit were created by regulars ; some of the images made elsewhere are posted without any attribution . Sometimes images of a similar calibre are misattributed to the Slymepit ( presumably due to having the same preoccupations ) . If you 're wondering where the humour is in any of these , you are not alone . Like manosphere image macros [ 9 ] and conspiracy theorist propaganda posters , logic , legibility and laughter take a very definite back seat to the attempt to play up to the group 's own prejudices and talking points .
This is what passes for satire there [ edit ]
See how many of the following make any sense to you without accompanying explanation .
For your own safety , try to contain your mirth .
Godfrey Elfwick [ edit ]
Godfrey Elfwick was a twitter persona from the Slymepit meant to parody their favorite boogeyman : `` SJW 's '' . Godfrey managed to prank the BBC and the British media in two separate instances . In the first prank , he was invited to BBC to speak as someone who had never seen Star Wars . [ 10 ] He also went on Twitter with # WrongSkin where he claimed he feels he was a person of colour trapped in a wrong body. [ 11 ] . The Slymepit Godfrey gave up his account by the end of 2015 . A new Elfwick reapppeared in early 2016 , but this account is managed by another person , unknown to the original Elfwick ( who is okay with this [ citation needed ] ) .
See also [ edit ]
Elision
Gamergate : Gee , what 's this link doing here ?
Privilege : A concept that a great many Slymepitters seem to have a major problem understanding .
Thunderf00t : A fallen star and Slymepit hero . [ 12 ]
Notes on Specific Implementations
Assembly This is for 32-bit x86 Linux systems . If you have problems with the input ( e.g. , under PuTTY ) , try : cat - | ./retro retroImage
C The C implementation can be built to support use of 16-bit , 32-bit , or 64-bit images . The default is to build for standard 32-bit images . To build for 16-bit , define RX16 , and for 64-bit , define RX64 . To actually get a 16-bit or 64-bit image , do : make tools ./convert
Forth The Forth VM is more of a virtualizer than an actual virtual machine . It maps the image to the host memory , and uses the standard Forth data stack and some native functions . As such it needs to be used with an image that matches your Forth 's cell size . There is no support for getEnv due to lack of a standard function to access this in ANS Forth . You can build 16-bit and 64-bit images using the convert tool .
Lua The Lua implementation requires Lua JIT or Lua 5.2 . Earlier releases of Lua lack the bitwise operators . Note that a single line needs to be altered in the source to enable use under Lua 5.2 .
Arnold Schwarzenegger criticized President Donald Trump 's stance on climate change by riding a green bike in Paris on Monday .
The Former California Governor used the stunt to blast the president 's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement earlier this year , according to The Hill .
Dressed in a suit complete with a green tie , Schwarzenegger cycled his green bike through the streets of Paris , where he was visiting as founder of the nonprofit organization R20 , which was hosting an event focused on climate change .
He spoke to Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo , and addressed Trump 's withdrawal from the Paris climate change accord .
`` It does n't matter that Donald Trump backed out of the Paris agreement , because the private sector did n't drop out , the public sector did n't drop out , the universities did n't drop out , the scientists did n't drop out , the engineers did n't drop out.… No one else dropped out , '' he said , according to the Los Angeles Times .
In June , Trump announced that the U.S. would withdraw from the agreement , stating that it imposed unfair environmental standards upon businesses and workers , The New York Times said .
The decision put the U.S. alongside only two other countries , Nicaragua and Syria , which opposed the climate agreement and sparked widespread criticism from across the world , The Washington Post reported .
Schwarzenegger pointed out that it was Donald Trump who `` pulled Donald Trump out of the Paris agreement , so do n't worry about that , '' The L.A. Times noted .
`` We at a sub-national level are going to pick up the slack and continue on , '' Schwarzenegger continued .
`` We will fight and we will create the kind of future for our children and grandchildren because that is our responsibility and no one will stop us . ''
China 's COSCO Shipping group has completed the acquisition of a 51 percent stake in the Greek port of Piraeus , becoming the controlling shareholder .
Read more
The company has paid $ 311 million for its major stake in Piraeus and plans to increase its share to 67 percent over the next five years . COSCO thus takes over Piraeus ' management and operation .
“ The Piraeus project represents a key milestone in the Belt and Road initiative [ Beijing 's initiative to boost China 's transport and trade links with Europe – Ed . ] , and the port 's growth and prosperity will boost economic development both in China and Greece , ushering in a new era of trade cooperation and cultural exchange between east and west , ” said CEO of COSCO Shipping Wan Min .
The Port of Piraeus is a gateway to Asia , Eastern Europe , and North Africa . It handled 16.8 million passengers and 3.6 million 20-foot containers in 2014 .
The chairman of the Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund privatization agency ( HRADF ) , Stergios Pitsiorlas , said the closure of the deal was “ an important moment . ”
“ The cooperation at Piraeus port is not just an economic collaboration but has strategic characteristics . Greece , via the Piraeus port , can indeed become China 's gateway into Europe to the benefit of China and Greece , ” Pitsiorlas told Xinhua News Agency .
Read more
The deal to sell the operation of Piraeus port to COSCO was signed by Athens in April , becoming the second major privatization for the country since last year .
The Chinese state-owned company COSCO will pay an annual fee to the Greece for running the port . It already operates the container terminal in Piraeus under a 35-year concession it acquired in 2009 . The firm is investing €230 million to build a second container terminal at the port , which it plans to turn into a logistics hub for Chinese exports to Europe .
The sale of Piraeus was part of the demands Greece 's creditors had required before a third €86 billion bailout package would be provided , but goes against Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras ' pre-election promise not to privatize the country 's infrastructure .
Last August , Athens approved a deal to hand over the operation of 14 regional airports to a German company . The 40-year contract worth €1.23 billion was awarded to Fraport AG , which runs Frankfurt 's airport .
TOKYO — Itaru Kobayashi remembers what his baseball coach at the University of Tokyo used to tell the team before games , and he remembers what the coach said after the team inevitably lost .
“ It was , ‘ Hey , this is the day we are going to win , ' ” said Kobayashi , the team 's ace a quarter-century ago and now the general manager of the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks . “ But after the game , it was , ‘ Hey , there is always tomorrow . ' ”
Tomorrow , it seems , never arrived . Todai , as it is known colloquially , is the country 's premier university , producing many of its top politicians , doctors , lawyers and even baseball team owners . Students who pass its famed entrance exam are guaranteed a status unmatched by any other college .
Yet the university is a lightweight when it comes to the nation 's most popular sport , baseball . A national institution , Todai does not scout high school players , offer scholarships or consider sports in the admissions process . Students must get in by their wits , not their bat or glove .
CHICAGO -- More than 25 years after police tortured him into confessing to a murder he did n't commit , Shawl Whirl walked out of an Illinois prison Wednesday afternoon , finally free .
An appeals court in August threw out Whirl 's conviction and ordered a new trial , but he never went back to court . Prosecutors dropped the case , and on Tuesday , a judge dismissed all charges .
Whirl , 45 , is the first person granted a new trial on a referral from the Illinois Torture Inquiry and Relief Commission , formed in 2009 to address the wrongful convictions of people tortured into confessions under the watch of disgraced former police Commander Jon Burge . Burge and his so-called `` midnight crew '' of detectives tortured an estimated 192 people , mostly black men , during the 1970s , 1980s and early-1990s .
Whirl was greeted outside the Hill Correctional Center in Galesburg , Illinois , shortly after noon by his mother , Erma , with whom he had been living when he was arrested .
His attorney , Tara Thompson , of the University of Chicago Law School 's Exoneration Project , said Whirl 's relatives made the release a joyful occasion . `` It was perfect weather when he waked out of jail today , '' she said . `` It was the kind of day that inspires hope . ''
But there was a sad truth Whirl must contend with , Thompson said . “ He knows there 's a lot he 's missed . '' She handed Whirl her cell phone so he could call loved ones , but it had a touch screen he 'd never seen before .
`` The world is a completely different place than it was in 1991 , '' Thompson said .
Courtesy of The Exoneration Project Shawn Whirl , right , hugs his mother , Erma Whirl , after walking out of Hill Correctional Center in Galesburg , Illinois shortly after noon on Wednesday . Whirl had spent nearly 25 years wrongfully imprisoned as the result of a false confession coerced by police torture .
In April 1990 , Whirl was 20 . He worked as a computer operator , had a girlfriend and a close relationship to his mother . He had no criminal history .
He was arrested and charged with the South Side murder of a 40-year-old cab driver named Billy Williams after police found his fingerprints in the back of the cab .
Whirl said he had jumped into Williams ' cab two days earlier to escape gang members who were trying to stick him up for his hat and jacket . He told detectives he had nothing to do with the murder , court records show .
After hours of interrogation , with Whirl still handcuffed to a wall , Chicago Detective James Pineta entered the room . He stepped on Whirl 's foot , said , `` Wake up nigger , '' and slapped Whirl in the face , according to court records . The detective told Whirl his previous statement “ wo n't do . ”
Whirl continued to say he was innocent . Pienta , according to the court records , gashed Whirl 's leg with a set of keys .
Whirl 's girlfriend testified she had been taken in for questioning by police at the same time and could hear Whirl “ hollering ” from a room nearby .
Whirl eventually signed a statement confessing to the murder .
Armed with the confession , prosecutors concocted a motive : Whirl was having money troubles and needed to make rent ( even though he was employed and living with his mother ) . After Whirl got into Williams ' cab , he apologetically said he was going to rob the driver , then shot Williams in the head , according to the police theory .
At his 1990 trial , Whirl took his attorneys ' advice to plead guilty , knowing that the state would seek the death penalty if he opted for a trial . ( Illinois did not repeal its death penalty until 2011 ) . A guilty plea would get Whirl a sentence of 60 years in prison .
But as he was sentenced , Whirl declared his innocence . The judge said he would reject Whirl 's guilty plea and proceed with a trial unless Whirl admitted guilt . Whirl relented and his guilty plea was reinstated .
Whirl claimed in subsequent appeals that his lawyers were ineffective and failed to call witnesses who would support his defense . A friend of a gang member who had chased Whirl on the day of the murder testified that the gangster , Tommie Thompson , was angry that the cab driver 's ride had allowed Whirl to escape the mugging , so Thompson shot the cabbie and robbed him .
An Illinois appellate court finally overturned Whirl 's conviction and ordered him a new trial in August . `` Without Whirl 's confession , the State 's case was nonexistent , '' the court said in its ruling .
Courtesy of the Exoneration Project Shawn Whirl , center , is flanked by family , friends and attorneys , exists the Hill Correctional Center in Galesburg , Illinois Oct. 14 , 2015 .
The Burge torture era spanned three decades and continues to cast a long shadow over the Chicago Police Department . Burge was convicted of perjury in 2011 and sentenced to 4 1/2 years in jail . He was released to a halfway house in Florida after serving 3 1/2 years of the sentence and now lives near Tampa , where he keeps a boat named `` Vigilante '' and a $ 4,000-a-month police pension .
Mike Theodore , Torture Inquiry and Relief Commission spokesman , said the commission has referred 16 cases for re-examination , and has 85 more on its docket .
`` It 's hard to say when someone gets out after 25 years that justice has been served , '' said Flint Taylor , a People 's Law Office attorney who also represents Whirl . `` If the judge knew then what we know now -- if the city and police had not covered it up -- [ Whirl ] would n't be in jail in the first place . ”
Taylor noted that for the wrongfully convicted , exoneration is often just the first step .
“ Just because you 've been released does n't mean this is off your record , '' Taylor said . Whirl could pursue a certificate of innocence , which expunges and seals his record , or file a civil lawsuit for wrongful conviction and torture . Any award would likely be capped at around $ 200,000 , Taylor said .
Ok the icon set 's are not new , but they were started as gnome icon set 's and now they fit 's perfect the KDE desktop . So give this two awesome icon set 's a try
La Capitaine ( most downloaded icon set in the kde store )
Papirus icon
both icon set 's are available with system settings - > Icons - > Get new Theme . The icon sets are well maintained and the designers are very welcome in help and KDE support . Thanks a lot . Do n't forget to vote in the store .
I know breeze icon awesome but we have users with different taste so eat what you like not what you get . If somebody knows an awesome icon theme and need kde support , let me know , I 'm always happy if I can help . For the not monochrome icon theme fans I 'm working on elementary-kde icon extension and I hope I can review oxygen .
NOTE : breeze-icons are well supported and will be full maintained in the future . I do n't want to drop breeze . I 'd like to help other designers to develop for KDE .
Werbeanzeigen
A career​ criminal ​was found guilty of murder Monday for gunning down an NYPD cop during a foot chase in East Harlem​ , ​​ as fellow police officers​ , the victim 's family ​and even some jurors ​wept in ​the courtroom​ .
​​
It took the panel four days to find Tyrone Howard , 32 , guilty of aggravated murder , first-degree murder , robbery and other charges ​for shooting Officer Randolph Holder in October 2015 . ​Howard faces a mandatory sentence of life without parole .
Three jurors sobbed as the foreman read the unanimous verdict . Holder 's father , who is a retired NYPD cop , used a white handkerchief to wipe the tears from his cheeks .
Just an hour earlier , the panel sent a note to Justice Michael Obus , stating that they were deadlocked on several counts , but the judge urged them to continue deliberating .
Three of the jurors , who declined to give their names , said ​as they left the courthouse that ​it was a difficult and emotional experience .
“ We just wanted to do what was right and follow the semantics and the law , ” said a male juror .
A female juror said , “ It was like ​'​12 ​Angry ​M​en​'​ in reverse , ” but did not elaborate . ​Another panelist chimed in , “ We wanted to be thorough . ”
Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance Jr. thanked the jury for their service​ ​and the NYPD in a brief statement .
Later , as he exited the courthouse , he said , “ This is a tragic case and a sad day , but we ca n't thank our police officers enough for putting their lives on the line every day . ”
PBA President Pat Lynch , flanked by Holder 's family , choked up as he told the press outside the courtroom , “ These police officers lost a brother . Today we got justice. ” Dozens of cops standing behind him clapped .
Police ​C​ommissioner James O'Neil praised the verdict as “ proper and just​.​ ”
At trial , Assistant District Attorney Linda Ford told jurors that Holder , 33 , and his partner confronted Howard on the ramp of an E. 120th St footbridge minutes after he fled from a drug-related shootout .
see also Partner recalls tragic moment officer Randolph Holder was gunned down An NYPD cop stoically recounted on the stand Wednesday the ...
“ He knows they 're looking for him and he knows why , ” she said of Howard . “ He took out the gun , the .40-caliber semi-automatic pistol , he aimed at the officers and pulled the trigger . He fired one shot and he struck Officer Holder in the front of his head . ”
The bullet pierced Holder 's brain and exited the back of his skull , leaving him crumpled on the asphalt .
Twenty minutes earlier , Howard was in a gunfight on E. 102nd St and fled north , snatching a man 's bicycle on the way , according to trial testimony .
Holder and his partner , Omar Wallace , raced north to head off Howard at the footbridge . As they descended the ramp toward the East River Esplanade , Howard was coming toward them . He pulled out a gun from his pocket and shot Holder in the head before sprinting off .
Wallace returned fire and struck Howard in the buttocks before attending to his grievously wounded partner , who lay on the ground in a widening pool of blood , he testified .
Howard did n't make it far and was captured near 124th Street as he tried to cross Harlem River Drive .
Defense lawyer Michael Hurwitz argued at trial that it was dark , and the witnesses who identified Howard as the shooter may have been mistaken .
“ They must prove identity beyond a reasonable doubt , ” Hurwitz argued .
Aerial photo taken on Jan. 9 , 2017 shows view of Zhangqiao , one of the largest shantytowns , and surrounding estate in Hongkou district , east China 's Shanghai . ( Xinhua/Ding Ting )
China will build 6 million new homes for residents of shantytowns before the end of 2017 , said Chen Zhenggao , Minister of Housing and Urban-Rural Development , at a news briefing in Beijing on Feb. 23 .
The Chinese central government started a three-year project to rebuild urban shantytowns in 2015 , aiming to construct a total of 18 million new homes in all . In 2015 , construction began on 6.01 million new dwellings , and another 6.06 were started in 2016 .
According to Chen , the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development ( MHURD ) kicked off this year 's shantytown transformation work on Jan. 16 . The central government has provided 224.3 billion RMB in subsidies for the work in 2017 , an increase of 15 billion RMB compared with last year .
China is determined to reconstruct all of its existing shantytowns by 2020 . MHURD is working with relevant departments to conduct a thorough investigation and make the planned transformation a reality .
NORTH ENGLISH — Mike Oehlerich remembers playing video games as a child with his brother .
But it was n't until his wife bought him an old Star Wars arcade game as a gift 17 years ago that he discovered a passion for collecting and restoring classic arcade video games .
Shortly after , Oehlerich attended an auction where two trailer-loads of retro arcade games were being sold .
“ My childhood was all there , ” he said of the games at the auction . So he bought all of them .
Not surprisingly , Oehlerich 's collection quickly grew . At one point he had 30 arcade video games in his family 's home .
“ My wife insisted that we get them out of the house , and I needed space to work on them , ” he said .
As fate would have it , Oehlerich found a storefront on Main Street in North English that had the right amount of space .
“ It was just going to be an extension of my living room , ” he said . “ I never intended for it to be an arcade . But when I moved in , kids kept coming up to the windows and wanting to play . ”
And so Oehlerich , who originally is from the Cedar Rapids-Marion area , opened Mike 's Carnevil Retro Arcade on Main Street in North English in 2004 .
“ So many people had the same interest as I had in playing these games , ” he said .
The arcade does n't have regular hours , but Oehlerich is happy to open the arcade by appointment to groups interested in playing . Those interested can call ( 319 ) 558-6426 .
“ These games need to be played or they start having issues , ” he said .
Oehlerich estimates he has about 200 working arcade games in his space , with about 100 more machines in his collection . The classic 1980s arcade games remain his most popular , he said .
“ In the '80s the arcade was part of the social scene . It 's where we hung out , ” he said . “ And so those are the games I gravitate to , as well . I 'm not stuck in the '80s , but they are some great classic games . ”
While he loves playing the games , Oehlerich said part of what keeps him interested in collecting is preservation .
“ A couple of games that I have are the only one left of their kind anywhere or they were prototypes , ” he said . “ More and more games are being lost . ”
He works to repair and find replacement parts for the games he owns . And over the years , he has watched the value of retro arcade games skyrocket .
“ When I started you could get an old game for $ 25 . Now a mediocre game will sell for at least $ 1,000 , ” he said .
Oehlerich said at one point he had nearly 2,000 games in his collection , but he has spent the last several years selling off some of his finds .
“ I 'm getting to the end of my wish list . So I 've slowed down on buying more games for my collection . It 's funny because this whole arcade thing was kind of an accident but it 's been a really good thing , ” he said .
As predicted , we found differences in behavior between the dogs when they were acting as experimental and control animals in our study . In general , the dogs showed more signs of positive excitement ( e.g. , more activity and more tail wagging ) when acting as experimental animals than when acting as controls . Hagen and Broom ( 2004 ) suggested that differences in emotional response to learning might occur either specifically during the process of understanding , or only occur once a task has been acquired . They found evidence for the latter as behavioral differences in cattle were detected only in the runway after the animals had learned that they could control access to the reward . Because they found these behavioral differences after the cattle had learned the causal relationship between their actions and gaining access to the reward , Hagen and Broom ( 2004 ) speculated that the cattle were reacting to their own learning success and thus , in a sense , to their own achievement . In our study , we found behavioral differences during the actual process of understanding ( e.g. , in the start arena ) , providing evidence that it was success in the problem-solving that elicited a positive affective state in the experimental animals .
Differences in demeanor were observed in that dogs were quick to enter the test arena initially , but control dogs became increasingly reluctant . Behavioral differences were also reflected in the fact that dogs acting as controls , but not when acting as experimental animals , were observed to chew the operant device on several occasions . Chewing of the devices by control dogs occurred throughout the experiment , but most frequently toward the end of the study during the last matched pair of testing after they had already served as experimental animals on three occasions . The dogs may have developed a set of expectations about the test environment , with the understanding that they could open the door to the runway through the operation of the operant device . When faced with being in the control situation where they no longer had the ability to open the door to the runway by manipulating the operant device , they may have suffered from a mismatch between their expectations and the situation at hand . This mismatch most likely would lead to frustration ( Cuenya et al . 2012 ) . Because manipulation of the operant device did not lead to the door opening , their frustration escalated into biting , and chewing at the operant device .
Although some degree of negative stress and frustration will probably occur in the initial stage of learning ( Langbein et al . 2004 ; Meehan and Mench 2007 ) , successful actions with a positive outcome are , as explained in the introduction , likely to induce positive feelings ( Kalbe and Puppe 2010 ; Zebunke et al . 2011 ) and thus motivate the animal to continue the behavior . Hagen and Broom ( 2004 ) noted more agitation in their experimental group when the cattle were starting to learn the causal relationship . We did not observe any clear signs of agitation when our dogs were acting as experimental animals . However , this may have been due to the fact that our dogs were pre-trained on manipulating the operant devices that they were later exposed to during the problem-solving opportunity . Hagen and Broom ( 2004 ) shaped their experimental subjects to use the operant device during the test situation . This entailed providing food in the start arena near the operant device . The cattle , therefore , may have learned to associate both the start arena and the runway with a food reward . To avoid this , we pre-trained our dogs on how to manipulate the operant devices during sessions in a special training room , then after a delay of 1 week tested them in a new context where correct manipulation of the device led to the door to the runway being open and access to the reward . Through this process , the dogs never associated the start arena , but only the runway , with a reward .
Experimental dogs were more active in the start arena than control dogs despite the fact that when acting in both roles , the dogs had equal knowledge of the reward at the end of the runway and thus should have demonstrated similar levels of anticipatory excitement in the start arena ( Spruijt et al . 2001 ) . The dogs were clearly more excited when acting as experimental animals than as controls , not generally ( e.g. , in the runway ) , but in relation to the only difference between the treatments ( e.g. , in the start arena ) . That is to say , the excitement was when the dogs were experiencing a learning process that they did not experience when they were acting as controls . Upon entrance into the start arena and recognition of the operant device on which they had been trained , the experimental dogs immediately went to work on attempting to manipulate the device . Control dogs were often standing directly in front of the runway door sniffing or pawing at the door as they waited for it to open . This meant that they were quick to exit as soon as the door opened . Experimental dogs , on the other hand , were standing near to the operant device when the door opened and had to run over to the door before exiting . This behavior may have contributed to the treatment differences we detected in the time it took the dogs to exit the start arena ; however , it would not explain the differences according to the reward type .
Tail wagging is an indicator of arousal ( Beerda et al . 1999 ; Prescott et al . 2004 ) , and confident dogs express more tail wagging than unsure dogs ( Goddard and Beilharz 1985 ; Svartberg and Forkman 2002 ) . There is also behavioral and neurochemical evidence to suggest that tail wagging is tied into emotion . Dogs in playful or positive situations ( McLeod 1996 ; Broom 1988 ) and dogs shown positive stimuli ( Horváth et al . 2007 ; Quaranta et al . 2007 ; Norling et al . 2012 ) may increase tail-wagging behavior . It has also been shown that opioid agonists decrease ( Panksepp et al . 1983 ; Knowles et al . 1989 ) while opioid antagonists increase tail wagging ( Knowles et al . 1989 ) . Our findings that having the opportunity to solve a problem and control access to a reward increased tail wagging suggests that tail wagging can be used as an indicator of a positive affective state in dogs .
There are two plausible explanations for the different levels of tail wagging we observed when dogs were expecting different reward types . Tail wagging could ( 1 ) directly reflect the “ positiveness ” of the reward or ( 2 ) serve as a better indicator for some motivational systems over others . Dogs wagged their tails more in the test arena when they were expecting a food reward or contact with a human and less when they were expecting contact with conspecifics . It may be that contact with conspecifics was experienced as the least positive reward since they were never deprived of contact with other dogs . The dogs were removed from their groups immediately before testing and then returned to their groups immediately after testing . This did not give them a chance to miss being with their group mates . The dogs were , however , very much food-motivated and did not receive treat items on a regular basis so they were most likely motivated to reach this reward . By the same light , the dogs received less human contact than they did dog contact , so were probably more motivated to reach a friendly human for extra attention than they were to reach their group mates . Plus reunion with a familiar person is suggested to be positive ( Rehn and Keeling 2010 ) . On the other hand , there is evidence to support the view that tail wagging could be a better indicator for some motivational systems than others . Motivation for food is distinct from motivation for social contact , and dog–dog and dog–human interaction cater to different motivational systems as is supported by the fact that the performance of dog–dog play does not suppress dogs ' motivation to play with their owners as would be predicted if they were motivationally interchangeable ( Rooney et al . 2000 ) . But , given the evidence that tail wagging evolved as a mechanism for social signaling and other studies report more tail wagging toward familiar people than treats ( e.g. , Norling et al . 2012 ) , neither of these explanations is entirely satisfactory .
It is difficult to determine the exact “ Eureka ” moment , i.e. , when the dogs acting as experimental animals made the connection between their action and the door to the runway opening . During the first two or three test runs , most dogs would remain in the start arena investigating the operant device for a few seconds after the door to the runway was opened . After these initial test runs , the dogs would immediately orient themselves toward the door to the runway upon successful completion of the operant task , suggesting that their expectation was for the door to open . We took an extensive look at the heart rate data collected for each session the dogs spent in the start arena as both an experimental and control animal in an attempt to identify this moment of realization . We analyzed the data collected immediately before , immediately after , and during each session in the arena as well as compared the data between each of the six test runs in attempt to find any association of changes in heart rate with learning . Given that there are very few published studies looking explicitly at how heart rate changes in relation to emotional situations , and given the overall ambiguity of the studies that are available , it was difficult to predict what specific reactions we might have expected to see when dogs are experiencing frustration or reward during a problem-solving opportunity . We had however predicted that changes in heart rate would depend on the personality of the dogs ( Carere and Locurto 2011 ) and the way in which they experienced the problem-solving event ( i.e. , with excitement or frustration ( Blackwell et al . 2010 ; Zebunke et al . 2011 ; Gygax et al . 2013 ) ) . Unfortunately , we were unable to detect any such differences . It may be that such a change occurs rapidly , “ in the Eureka moment , ” and is lost when collecting data with a sampling rate of every 5 s. Given the known connection between heart rate and physical activity , it is surprising that we did not find an increase in heart rate in dogs acting as experimental animals as they were more active ( taking more steps and wagging their tails more ) than when acting as controls . We did however find an interesting connection between the physiological response of the dogs in this study and their cognitive performance in a previous study . Dogs that had higher heart rates when acting as experimental animals required significantly more training to reach criterion in a cognitive task ( see Burman et al . 2011 ) than the dogs that had higher heart rates when acting as controls . This may provide evidence that success or failure in problem-solving tasks affects dogs with different personalities differently ( Carere and Locurto 2011 ) . It might also support the work of Groothuis and Carere ( 2005 ) who classified individuals into those that were good at learning new tasks ( in our case , solving the learning task ) and those who are good at sensing environmental change within a familiar task ( in our case , the cognitive bias task ) . Individuals that are skilled in one aspect tend to not be good at the other , in which case the argument might be that dogs with different personalities find problem-solving tasks differently rewarding .
In conclusion , we found differences between the dogs acting as experimental and control animals when the only difference in treatment between these two situations was the opportunity to learn the causal relationship between their action and a reward . The yoked control design , therefore , was effective in separating the emotional effects of the learning process from those associated with the expectation of reward . The experimental animals in our study were excited not only by the expectation of a reward , but also about realizing that they themselves could control their access to the reward . These results support the idea that opportunities to solve problems , make decisions , and exercise cognitive skills are important to an animal 's emotional experiences and ultimately , its welfare . From an evolutionary standpoint , it makes sense that animals should react emotionally to their own achievements during problem-solving tasks as , to some degree , heightened states of emotion can facilitate learning and memory ( Hu et al . 2007 ; Broom 2010 ; Blackwell et al . 2010 ) as long as they are not too intense ( i.e. , too much excitement or fear can interfere with the learning process ) . Positive affective feelings help animals to better identify behaviors that are biologically useful and to encourage animals to carry out these behaviors to their benefit in the long term ( Panksepp 1998 ; Mendl et al . 2010 ) . By providing dogs with a biologically based circumstance under which positive emotional states could develop , we were able to identify tail wagging as an indicator for measuring such positive states . The fact that we found clear differences in tail wagging between treatments and across rewards catering to different motivational systems ( e.g. , not just in social situations ) suggests its robustness as an indicator of a positive affective state in dogs .
Who was it who said , “ History is but a fable agreed upon ? ” Voltaire ? Napoleon ? It does n't really matter ( history , in this case , fails us ) because at least the sentiment is solid . Telling stories is what we humans do , and in some cases , veracity be damned if the truth is n't as colorful as what we can make up .
Then there 's what psychologists call the Rashomon Effect , in which different people experience the same event in contradictory ways . And sometimes , major players conspire to advance one version of an event over the other .
Burn , Baby , Burn
Take the long-held assumption , found even in some of the most respected history books , that 1960s feminists demonstrated against the patriarchy by burning their bras . Of all the myths surrounding women 's history , bra burning has been one of the most tenacious . Some grew up believing it , never mind that as far as any serious scholar has been able to determine , no early feminist demonstration included a trash can full of flaming lingerie .
The Birth of a Rumor
The infamous demonstration that gave birth to this rumor was the 1968 protest of the Miss America contest . Bras , girdles , nylons , and other articles of constricting clothing were tossed in a trash can . Maybe the act became conflated with other images of protest that did include lighting things on fire , namely public displays of draft-card burning .
But the lead organizer of the protest , Robin Morgan , asserted in a New York Times article the next day that no bras were burned . “ That 's a media myth , ” she said , going on to say that any bra-burning was just symbolic .
Media Misrepresentation
But that did n't stop one paper , the Atlantic City Press , from crafting the headline “ Bra-burners Blitz Boardwalk , ” for one of two articles it published on the protest . That article explicitly stated : “ As the bras , girdles , falsies , curlers , and copies of popular women 's magazines burned in the ‘ Freedom Trash Can , ' the demonstration reached the pinnacle of ridicule when the participants paraded a small lamb wearing a gold banner worded ‘ Miss America . ' ”
The second story 's writer , Jon Katz , remembered years later that there was a brief fire in the trash can—but apparently , no one else remembers that fire . And other reporters did not report a fire . Another example of conflating memories ? In any case , this certainly was not the wild flames described later by media personalities like Art Buchwald , who was n't even near Atlantic City at the time of the protest .
Whatever the reason , many media commentators , the same ones who renamed the women 's liberation movement with the condescending term `` Women 's Lib , '' took up the term and promoted it . Perhaps there were some bra-burnings in imitation of the supposed leading-edge demonstrations that did n't really happen , though so far there 's been no documentation of those , either .
A Symbolic Act
The symbolic act of tossing those clothes into the trash can was meant as a serious critique of the modern beauty culture , of valuing women for their looks instead of their whole self . `` Going braless '' felt like a revolutionary act—being comfortable above meeting social expectations .
Trivialized in the End
Bra-burning quickly became trivialized as silly rather than empowering . One Illinois legislator was quoted in the 1970s , responding to an Equal Rights Amendment lobbyist , calling feminists `` braless , brainless broads . ''
Within 13 minutes of urging hackers to take their best shot at the Pentagon 's public websites , the US government 's first-ever bug bounty program had its first submission .
Just six hours later , hackers had already uncovered nearly 200 vulnerabilities in the Department of Defense 's networks .
Already a staple for companies such as Google and Facebook , the bug bounty program – which pays friendly hackers to do the sorts of things that recreational hackers might do for fun , and that criminals like to do for far more nefarious purposes – was so successful that Pentagon officials say that they are considering another bug bounty program for later this year . Other federal agencies , they add , would do well to follow their lead .
The chance to hack the feds drew a wide variety of comers , including David Dworken , 18 , who has been a fan of bug bounty programs since middle school . He did it for the T-shirts initially .
`` I probably spent about 20 hours on one because I thought they had a really cool t-shirt , '' he says . “ I thought it was pretty awesome that you could get free T-shirts in the mail . ”
Mr. Dworken signed up for an account with HackerOne , a firm that runs bug bounty programs , and gravitated toward companies that offer `` Hall of Fame ” listings on their websites in lieu of cash for finding bugs .
On the Netflix website , for instance , Dworken found that he could create a URL `` that could display and do whatever I wanted . I could send it to you and if you were signed in to Netflix , I could steal your account information , ” he says . `` The fact that software engineers at Netflix are making sure that 's fixed is incredibly satisfying . ''
As he got more experience , he moved on to company such as Uber , where he 's earned $ 8,000 finding four bugs , `` which is amazing , ” Dworken says . “ I do this because I think it 's the right thing to do , but I really started to get to the point where I made a good chunk of change . ”
Then , as he was getting a lift to school with his dad one morning , he heard about a bug bounty on National Public Radio . `` We always listen to NPR in the car , ” he says . It did n't take long for Dworken to set off on his most intriguing challenge to date : Hacking the Pentagon .
Not long after learning about the program , he received an email from HackerOne , which was running the Pentagon 's bug bounty . They wanted him to participate . `` I was shocked , and unbelievably excited , '' he said .
There was just one snag . His Advanced Placement exams were happening at the same time . So he quickly got to work , reporting “ four or five vulnerabilities within the first 12 hours of it opening , '' then got back to his studies .
`` They were the standard web security vulnerabilities that are on pretty much any website unless they have a really good web security team – or a bug bounty , '' he said .
While these sorts of vulnerabilities are “ shockingly common overall , '' the fact that they existed until recently on DOD websites was striking to Dworken . `` Now , it 's raised the barrier to hacking into the Pentagon , which is absolutely an amazing thing , '' he says . `` This may sound cheesy , but it 's a way to serve my country from the comfort of my computer . ”
Defense officials are counting on this kind of patriotic spirit , and the cache of getting to hack , well , the Pentagon .
“ A lot of hackers , like myself , will choose to help – and not just for the money , but for recognition . This is a historic program , ” Kate Moussouris , currently an independent security consultant and former chief policy officer at HackerOne , told reporters in April . “ The prestige of being part of the very first program for the US government is also commodity in and of itself . ”
And that saves the Pentagon money – the bug bounty pilot program cost $ 150,000 .
“ It 's not a small sum but if we had gone through the normal process of hiring an outside firm to do a security audit and vulnerability assessment , which is what we usually do , it would have cost us over $ 1 million , ” said Defense Secretary Ash Carter .
The DOD paid $ 5 million over three years to one vendor , which found less than 10 vulnerabilities .
These public bug bounty programs do not throw open the Pentagon 's flood gates to let hackers poke around its Secret Internet Protocol Router Network , or SIPRNet , or even the sensitive-but-unclassified Non-Secure Internet Protocol Router Network , or NIPRNet .
Instead , these are programs to sweep up the admittedly low-hanging fruit – such as where to go rent canoes as part of a military recreation website – that offer all too enticing opportunities for “ embarrassment through defacement , ” as defense officials put it . The Pentagon runs roughly 450 of these websites .
In total , 1,400 eligible ethical hackers – otherwise known as `` white hats '' – were invited to take part in the program , and more than 250 of them found and submitted at least one vulnerability . Of these , 138 were found to be “ legitimate , unique , and eligible for a bounty , ” said Secretary Carter .
Equally important , by allowing outside hackers to find holes and vulnerabilities , it frees up the US military 's own cyberspecialists “ to spend more time fixing them than finding them , ” Carter added . “ The pilot showed us one way to streamline what we do to defend out networks and correct vulnerabilities more quickly . ”
The highest individual bounty was $ 3,500 ; the average was $ 588 . The top-earning hacker made $ 15,000 .
Dworken did n't make any actual money , since other bug bounty hackers had already discovered the vulnerabilities he reported . But the experience made for good public service and a considerable resume builder .
He also got a trip to the Pentagon to meet Carter . “ I 'd never been to the Pentagon , despite living in DC and driving past it 10,000 times . ”
This fall , he is headed to Northeastern University in Boston to study computer science , with a focus on cybersecurity . Before that , though , he 's spending a month this summer hiking the Appalachian Trail by himself . During that time , he says , “ I 'm mostly checking out of technology . ”
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Detroit Tigers have acquired veteran infielder Wilson Betemit from the Kansas City Royals for two Class-A prospects .
The Tigers and Royals each announced the deal Wednesday .
Betemit hit .281 in 57 games for the Royals , but lost playing time when the team promoted rookie third baseman Mike Moustakas from Triple-A Omaha on June 10 . Betemit started only five games and had 23 at-bats after Moustakas ' arrival .
`` Wilson 's a great guy , a kid who has got power and hits well from both sides of the plate , '' Royals managers Ned Yost said . `` He 's a good offensive player , who wore down at the end of last year ( hitting .297 with 13 HRs in 2010 ) . When Moose ( Moustakas ) got here , he needed to play . Wilson is going to a club with a chance to play more . ''
Tigers president Dave Dombrowski said Betemit will join the team Thursday in Minnesota and will immediately replace Brandon Inge as Detroit 's everyday third baseman . Inge , a 2009 All-Star , is hitting .177 with just one homer in 70 games .
Betemit will replace Inge on Detroit 's roster in Minnesota , as the Tigers announced after the game that they have designated the 11-year veteran for assignment . Inge told the team that he will accept a demotion to Triple-A Toledo if he clears waivers .
`` I could have made the decision to not accept the assignment and maybe get picked up by another team , '' said Inge , who has played for the Tigers since 2001 . `` But this is home , and this is my team . I need to go down and work this out , but I 'll be back . I 'll be back in September no matter what . That 's a definite . ''
Tigers utility player Don Kelly , who has played all nine positions in his career , is expected to back up Betemit .
Dombrowski acknowledged that the Tigers will continue to look for another pitcher before the July 31 trading deadline .
`` I do n't know who that might be , '' he said . `` It depends on what other teams want and offer . ''
The Royals received left-handed pitcher Antonio Cruz , who was 2-6 with a 3.11 ERA in 22 games , including 10 starts , with West Michigan in the Midwest League , and catcher Julio Rodriguez , who was hitting .283 in 66 games with Lakeland in the Florida State League .
Kansas City also recalled infielder Mike Aviles , who was hitting .307 with nine home runs and 25 RBIs in 35 games with Omaha .
The future—aka 4K gaming—is made up of very , very small pixels . After spending the past two weeks checking out games on Samsung 's U28D590D 4K monitor , I 'm still going to call 4K gaming the near future rather than the present . Yes , you can play games at 3840x2160 pixels right now . Yes , 4K monitors are becoming more affordable . But are they worth it ? After spending a couple weeks using one , I can comfortably say : no , not yet . Even for a high-end graphics card ( or two ) , 4K is too demanding for max settings and high framerates . If you 're willing to play at 30 frames per second , though , 4K is a different story .
If you want to skip straight to the 4K gameplay section , click here to jump to page 2 .
The Samsung U28D590D and the basics of 4K
The Samsung U28D590D is a 28-inch , 3840x2160 monitor that has an MSRP of $ 700 , though it 's only $ 570 on Amazon as of this writing . The monitor has a 60Hz refresh rate , unlike some earlier 4K monitors , though you 'll have to use DisplayPort for 60Hz . The current HDMI spec only supports 4K at 30Hz .
I gave a general overview of the U28D590D and the demands of 4K gaming in a segment of The PC Gamer Show , which you can watch here :
The monitor looks great and I never noticed any issues with refresh rate or response time , but I did n't perform in-depth testing to determine the actual response time ( never trust the too-good-to-be-true listed response time . TFT Central offers a good primer on what those specs mean ) . Because it uses a faster , cheaper TN panel , response time comes at a cost : inferior viewing angles and color accuracy compared to IPS displays . The monitor stand is also disappointingly limited -- it has no height adjustment , rotation , or VESA mount support .
Unfortunately , if you 're still running Windows 7 , 4K is a terrible experience , no matter what 4K monitor you 're using . The OS is n't designed to scale to such a high resolution , and everything will be impossibly tiny unless you crank up DPI scaling to 125 % or 150 % . But that scaling is for text—it does n't properly resize other UI elements or affect some applications like Steam . Chrome does n't scale its text properly , either . Windows 8 is much better about properly scaling , and requires no setup to scale text , UI elements like Windows Explorer , and applications to 4K resolution . Text in Steam and Chrome is noticeably fuzzier than system text , but everything is usable and legible without constantly squishing your face up against the monitor .
The Samsung 's $ 570 may be cheap for a 4K monitor , but it 's still expensive for a monitor , in general . What that money buys is an extremely pixel-dense display , and games really do look amazing on it . My standard monitor is a 27-inch , 2560x1440 display , which comes out to a pixel pitch rating of 108.79 PPI . That 's way higher than , say , a 24-inch 1080p monitor ( 95.78 PPI ) or a 50-inch 1080p TV ( 44.06 PPI ) .
At 3840x2160 , the 28-inch Samsung U28D590D has a 157.35 PPI . As a result , games running at native resolution look sharp , even without anti-aliasing enabled . The pixel density really does make a difference . Remember , a 1920x1080 monitor creates an image out of 2,073,600 pixels . A 4K monitor displays 8,294,400 pixels . As a result , a graphics card has to push out four times as many pixels . Not even two Nvidia Titans , or a newer Titan Black , can handle refreshing eight million pixels 60 times per second .
On the next page : my gaming experiences with Metro : Last Light , Tomb Raider , and other games , with some gameplay footage captured with Nvidia Shadowplay ( at the max capture resolution of 1440p ) .
Islamist insurgents retreating from Timbuktu set fire to a library containing thousands of priceless historic manuscripts , according to the Saharan town 's mayor , in an incident he described as a `` devastating blow '' to world heritage .
Hallé Ousmani Cissé told the Guardian that al-Qaida-allied fighters on Saturday torched two buildings that held the manuscripts , some of which dated back to the 13th century . They also burned down the town hall , the governor 's office and an MP 's residence , and shot dead a man who was celebrating the arrival of the French military .
French troops and the Malian army reached the gates of Timbuktu on Saturday and secured the town 's airport . But they appear to have got there too late to rescue the leather-bound manuscripts that were a unique record of sub-Saharan Africa 's rich medieval history . The rebels attacked the airport on Sunday , the mayor said .
`` It 's true . They have burned the manuscripts , '' Cissé said in a phone interview from Mali 's capital , Bamako . `` They also burned down several buildings . There was one guy who was celebrating in the street and they killed him . ''
He added : `` This is terrible news . The manuscripts were a part not only of Mali 's heritage but the world 's heritage . By destroying them they threaten the world . We have to kill all of the rebels in the north . ''
On Monday French army officers said French-led forces had entered Timbuktu and secured the town without a shot being fired . A team of French paratroopers crept into the town by moonlight , advancing from the airport , they said . Residents took to the streets to celebrate .
The manuscripts were held in two separate locations : an ageing library and a new South African-funded research centre , the Ahmad Babu Institute , less than a mile away . Completed in 2009 and named after a 17th-century Timbuktu scholar , the centre used state-of-the-art techniques to study and conserve the crumbling scrolls .
Both buildings were burned down , according to the mayor , who said the information came from an informer who had just left the town . Asked whether any of the manuscripts might have survived , Cissé replied : `` I do n't know . ''
The manuscripts had survived for centuries in Timbuktu , on the remote south-west fringe of the Sahara desert . They were hidden in wooden trunks , buried in boxes under the sand and in caves . When French colonial rule ended in 1960 , Timbuktu residents held preserved manuscripts in 60-80 private libraries .
The vast majority of the texts were written in Arabic . A few were in African languages , such as Songhai , Tamashek and Bambara . There was even one in Hebrew . They covered a diverse range of topics including astronomy , poetry , music , medicine and women 's rights . The oldest dated from 1204 .
Seydou Traoré , who has worked at the Ahmed Baba Institute since 2003 , and fled shortly before the rebels arrived , said only a fraction of the manuscripts had been digitised . `` They cover geography , history and religion . We had one in Turkish . We do n't know what it said . ''
He said the manuscripts were important because they exploded the myth that `` black Africa '' had only an oral history . `` You just need to look at the manuscripts to realise how wrong this is . ''
Some of the most fascinating scrolls included an ancient history of west Africa , the Tarikh al-Soudan , letters of recommendation for the intrepid 19th-century German explorer Heinrich Barth , and a text dealing with erectile dysfunction .
A large number dated from Timbuktu 's intellectual heyday in the 14th and 15th centuries , Traoré said . By the late 1500s the town , north of the Niger river , was a wealthy and successful trading centre , attracting scholars and curious travellers from across the Middle East . Some brought books to sell .
Typically , manuscripts were not numbered , Traoré said , but repeated the last word of a previous page on each new one . Scholars had painstakingly numbered several of the manuscripts , but not all , under the direction of an international team of experts .
Mali government forces that had been guarding Timbuktu left the town in late March , as Islamist fighters advanced rapidly across the north . Fighters from al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) – the group responsible for the attack on the Algerian gas facility – then swept in and seized the town , pushing out rival militia groups including secular Tuareg nationalists .
Traoré told the Guardian that he decided to leave Timbuktu in January 2012 amid ominous reports of shootings in the area , and after the kidnapping of three European tourists from a Timbuktu hotel . A fourth tourist , a German , resisted and was shot dead . Months later AQIM arrived , he said .
Four or five rebels had been sleeping in the institute , which had comparatively luxurious facilities for staff , he said . As well as the manuscripts , the fighters destroyed almost all of the 333 Sufi shrines dotted around Timbuktu , believing them to be idolatrous . They smashed a civic statue of a man sitting on a winged horse . `` They were the masters of the place , '' Traoré said .
Other residents who fled Timbuktu said the fighters adorned the town with their black flag . Written on it in Arabic were the words `` God is great '' . The rebels enforced their own brutal and arbitrary version of Islam , residents said , with offenders flogged for talking to women and other supposed crimes . The floggings took place in the square outside the 15th-century Sankoré mosque , a Unesco world heritage site .
`` They were n't religious men . They were criminals , '' said Maha Madu , a Timbuktu boatman , now in the Niger river town of Mopti . Madu said the fighters grew enraged if residents wore trousers down to their ankles , which they believed to be western and decadent . He alleged that some fighters kidnapped and raped local women , keeping them as virtual sex slaves . `` They were hypocrites . They told us they could n't smoke . But they smoked themselves , '' he said .
The rebels took several other towns south of Timbuktu , he said , including nearby Diré . If the rebels spotted a boat flying the Malian national flag , they ripped the flag off and replaced it with their own black one , he said .
The precise fate of the manuscripts was difficult to verify . All phone communication with Timbuktu was cut off . The town was said to be without electricity , water or fuel . According to Traoré , who was in contact with friends there until two weeks ago , many of the rebels left town following France 's military intervention .
He added : `` My friend [ in Timbuktu ] told me they were diminishing in number . He does n't know where they went . But he said they were trying to hide their cars by painting and disguising them with mud . ''
The recapture of Timbuktu is another success for the French military , which has now secured two out of three of Mali 's key rebel-held sites , including the city of Gao on Saturday . The French have yet to reach the third , Kidal . Local Tuareg militia leaders said on Monday they had taken control of Kidal after the abrupt departure of the Islamist fighters who ran the town .
Reaction
'It 's an absolute tragedy '
Essop Pahad , who was chairman of the Timbuktu manuscripts projectfor the South African government , said : `` I 'm absolutely devastated , as everybody else should be . I ca n't imagine how anybody , whatever their political or ideological leanings , could destroy some of the most precious heritage of our continent . They could not be in their right minds .
`` The manuscripts gave you such a fantastic feeling of the history of this continent . They made you proud to be African . Especially in a context where you 're told that Africa has no history because of colonialism and all that . Some are in private hands but the fact is these have been destroyed and it 's an absolute tragedy . ''
He added : `` It 's one of our greatest cultural treasure houses . It 's also one of the great treasure houses of Islamic history . The writings are so forward-looking on marriage , on trade , on all sorts of things . If the libraries are destroyed then a very important part of African and world history are gone . I 'm so terribly upset at hearing what 's happened . I ca n't think of anything more terrible . ''
Riason Naidoo , who directed the Timbuktu manuscripts project , said he is still awaiting confirmation of the extent of the damage . `` It would be a catastrophe if the reports are true , '' he said . `` I just hope certain parts of the building are unharmed and the manuscripts are safe . ''
The then South African president , Thabo Mbeki , was inspired by the `` intellectual treasure '' while visiting Timbuktu in 2001 , and initiated a joint project between the two countries . He attended the opening of the Ahmad Babu Institute in 2009 . A spokeswoman for the Thabo Mbeki Foundation said on Monday : `` We have n't yet heard anything concrete as to what the real story is , so at the moment we ca n't really comment . We 're getting mixed stories . ''
David Smith
Calgary city council took the first step in a bid for the 2026 Winter Olympic Games , voting in favour of a feasibility study examining the costs and benefits of hosting the Games .
The Calgary Sport Tourism Authority wants up to $ 5 million for the study .
Council was briefed behind closed doors before the debate moved to council chambers , with all but Coun . Druh Farrell and Coun . Sean Chu eventually supporting the proposal .
CSTA executive director Marco Di Iaco argued the timing is right and a bid could generate $ 3.7 billion in added GDP for the province .
But he said an in-depth study is needed to see if the bid would be worthwhile for the city .
`` We believe there are significant benefits to Calgary in pursuing this opportunity , but we want to be sure , '' he said .
Di Iaco said a portion of the $ 5 million should be raised privately .
If a bid is approved , the group would then engage the International Olympic Committee in an official bid , which would culminate in a July 2019 decision .
Coun . Druh Farrell argued against the idea , and called the IOC a `` deeply , deeply corrupt organization '' that has n't proven it 's changing its ways .
She said it 's seductive to want to relive the 1988 Games , but the city has to be `` really clear about what projects we want done . ''
`` I would say very clearly that my priority is the Green Line , '' she said .
Others , like Coun . Ward Sutherland , said he supported giving over small amounts of money in the chase for billions in potential benefits .
Reuse of facilities
Earlier in the day , Coun . Richard Pootmans said it 's `` simply too early in the process at this point '' to speak in detail about the prospect of another Olympic bid but noted he has thought about the idea in broad terms .
`` I know some assessments have been made of some of the facilities and some of them can be used , '' he said . `` Some of them might require some upgrading , refurbishment , some modernizing . All of that has to be considered . ''
As part of the proposal at council , Di Iaco said the city is in a great position to reuse its old facilities and upgrade or replace those nearing the end of their lifespans .
`` One of the compelling arguments with a potential Calgary bid is we would be able to province a unique sustainable blueprint , '' he said of reuse rather than large-scale new construction.​
Former mayor Al Duerr also told CBC New Calgary at 6 that the city is in a good position to host the future games , as many of the needed facilities are already in place .
Former Calgary mayor Al Duerr gives his thoughts on the possibility of the city bidding for the 2026 Winter Olympics . 1:00
COC and IOC looking for expressions of interest
The Canadian Olympic Committee wants to hear from Canadian cities interested in bidding for 2026 by the end of June .
The International Olympic Committee wants to hear from potential candidates by September next year .
Last month , officials in Quebec City signalled they were no longer looking to make a bid .
And , last fall , Toronto Mayor John Tory said his city will not bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics .
Paige MacPherson , Alberta director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation , was quick to speak out against the idea of the city hosting another Olympic Games , saying now is not the right time for it .
`` There definitely are concerns about cost overruns and about this just being a very large , grandiose thing for the city to take on at a time when the federal government is broke , the province is broke and the city is currently looking for ways to cut spending , '' she said .
`` Obviously , making a bid for the Olympics is not a way to cut spending ; it 's a way to sign us up for billions of dollars in new spending . ''
Precedent for repeat host cities
There are precedents for cities staging the Olympics more than once . St. Moritz , Switzerland , hosted the Winter Olympics in 1928 and 1948 . Lake Placid , N.Y. , hosted the Winter Games in 1932 and 1980 . And Innsbruck , Austria , played host in 1964 and 1976 .
Tokyo , host city of the 2020 Summer Olympics , also hosted the Games in 1964 .
The 2018 Winter Olympic Games will be in Pyeongchang , South Korea , and the 2022 Winter Games in Beijing , China .
LAUREN : You guys , I 'm a real lesbian ! I think U-Haul jokes are trite but true , I ca n't help but make cooing sounds at babies and small animals , I love Tegan and Sara like whoa , and oh , right , I like girls . I 'm just like any other lesbian – but I do n't believe in monogamy .
KATRINA : A lot of people right now are beginning to see a shift in the definition of what it means to be in a relationship , and that definition is no longer contingent upon monogamy . The concept of polyamory is nothing new , of course , but the concept of serious , loving , and functioning relationships that are also sexually open sometimes seems to be .
LAUREN : Because let 's face it , most of us ca n't really seem to get down with the idea of a true , real , loving , and open relationship . I 've been there ! I used to be one of those preachers too : monogamy and self-control and do n't you ever think about cheating . What 's in your pants and what 's in your heart are intrinsically and irrevocably connected , because that 's what it means – and all it means – to love someone , right ?
KATRINA : I get it , the idea of straying from monogamy is scary . I know that when Sara Quin first sang “ I 'm not unfaithful , but I 'll stray , ” all of our lesbian hearts stopped as we resigned ourselves to believing that if Sara Quin did n't believe in monogamy or happily ever after , then none of us ever had a chance at falling in love again . Ever !
It 's no surprise that we feel this way . “ Monogamy ” is most relationship 's # 1 Rule . Straying from that is like falling down a slippery societal slope which eventually leads to women getting the right to vote and gays wanting to get married .
“ Coming out as non-monogamous is n't just about sexual freedom , it 's about sexual honesty . It 's important to us not just as queer women , but as WOMEN . Men have monopolized the idea of multiple sexual partnership for all time… ”
We are inclined to cling to monogamy as the defining factor of ‘ serious relationships ' because society values it above all else . It 's more important than trust , honesty , stability , reliability , or emotional availability . But why do we prioritize ownership of our partner 's bodies/sexualities over the social & emotional tenets that construct a strong partnership ?
LAUREN : My new outlook on relationships has been vague and life-changing , kinda like when I came out to myself as a non-hetero . ‘ Monogamous ' is yet another mold I do n't fit into , and its one that I 've been trained to see as wrong , immoral and just plain “ unnatural. ” And if you do do it I , you 've got ta be a gay man , because they 're the only ones who can get away with it .
KATRINA : But our generation is on the cusp of breaking through a lot of the pre-supposed molds of gender binaries and sexualities . Sometimes it 's not “ which gender you 'd rather do it with ” but “ who should n't you be able to do it with ? ”
LAUREN : In retrospect I think my feelings about non-monogamy were similar to the vitrolic feelings I had towards homos as a kid before figuring out I too was a little babygay . Sometimes it 's easier to hate from far away than it is to be honest with yourself and manifest that in your relationships .
KATRINA : Much like coming out to yourself as queer ( I hear a lot of us around here have done that ) , coming out as non-monogamous is n't just about sexual freedom , it 's about sexual honesty .
It 's important to us not just as queer women , but as WOMEN . Men have monopolized the idea of multiple sexual partnership for all time : from the pre-feminist acceptance of men having mistresses to how lesbians have been repeatedly left out of same-sex couples ' polyamorous movement . We 're mired in ideas like “ men want to fuck , woen don't. ” “ Boys will be boys. ” But it 's not fair to ignore this desire in women .
Sex does matter to us . It 's not an obligation and it 's not for procreation , and we do it for love , yeah , but we do it for fun too . ‘ Cause it feels good , 'cause we wan na , and 'cause we can .
LAUREN : I find that many of my lesbian coupled friends become codependent on one another , because in lesboland it 's totally accepted and somewhat part of the culture . For lots of relationships that go that way and eventually end , having a more open relationship seems like an easy way to slowly let go while weirdly simultaneously hold on . It seems that a lot of lesbians think about open relationships like this , because they 've either done it or seen others do it .
PHOTO BY ELLEN VON UNWERTH
KATRINA : But we 're allowed to want things , and not just want them , but expect and even demand them in a partner , whether that partner is sexual , emotional , romantic , or anything between/beyond .
LAUREN : If you do n't fit into the box , it 's okay to let yourself out of it . And it 's okay to stay in the ‘ box ' if that 's what makes you happy . I 'm not saying there 's anything wrong with monogamy ; just that we 've observed that the pressure put upon it makes room for some nasty things , like being overly possessive and jealousy .
It 's socially acceptable for women to feel jealous and consequently be possessive , especially of another woman . I 'd rather not dictate to my partner who she should be attracted to .
KATRINA : By nature , monogamy is insistent upon jealousy and structured according to what we feel are unrealistic expectations of yourself and your partner . There 's more room to focus on building a secure , lasting relationship when it 's not bound by or founded on obligation or a denial of attraction .
Questioning monogamy is scary ! It means you 're questioning what you feel about love and sex and how you feel about your body , your relationships and your desires , and how your partner feels about these things for themselves . in a relationship , questioning what you want means questioning if you 're wanted . It 's not just about my desires . It 's about hers , and whether theres ' a double-standard at play . You have to be totally honest with not just your girlfriend but yourself . ‘ Cause as much as you may not want to watch your girlfriend wanting someone else ( or maybe you do ) , at some point I recognized that I wanted it to .
There 's a difference between expanding the borders of a relationship and using openness as an excuse to run ( run , run ) .
“ We finally had a conversation about how we both found the same girl attractive , and admitting this out loud to each other brought us closer , actually , rather than jealousy pulling us apart . ”
LAUREN : I actually ended up in an open relationship on accident . Me and my partner let an elephant out of the room when we finally had a conversation about how we both found the same girl attractive , and admitting this out loud to each other brought us closer , actually , rather than jealousy pulling us apart .
Things opened up . We saw each other as people with independent sexualities instead of just each other 's girlfriends . Of course it was more comfortable to tell myself that she only wanted me , forever & ever , and that we 'd live happily ever after , but that would be lying to myself about what I really wanted and about who she really is .
KATRINA : It 's not easy , obviously , to think about deviating from monogamy . Monogamy has its merits . It provides a lot of security , but that security can come from places other than sexual exclusivity when you 're focussed on building a comprehensive truth and trust in partnership .
Exploring polyamory for me is almost like exploring a new kind of queerness . It 's acknowledging that there 's more than one or even two ways to look at what a relationship can be . It 's not monogamy vs. polygamy just like it 's not gay vs. straight . It 's various personal experiences and interpretations of how we feel about love and sex and magic ( baby ) .
Of course , there 's a difference between theory and execution . It 's easy to understand your partner 's attraction to someone else and to know how important you are to them and how much they love you , but it 's hard to see it happen and not feel jealousy . But let 's face it : the only good jealousy ever did anyone was to name Tegan and Sara 's fourth studio album .
So it 's okay to think that open relationships might be scary . Being scared of deviation from monogamy is like feeling like The L Word is a legitimately well-crafted show : at first you feel morbidly curious , then transfixed , then reflective upon your own sexuality , and finally you realize that most of what you were preoccupied with really did n't make any sense anyway . See , it 's the same !
But the concept of an open relationship should n't be scary . Because when it comes down to it , it 's nothing more than another interpretation of what a relationship could be like ; it 's just another way to deviate from the norm – and we all know what that 's like , do n't we ?
We should n't expect to get non-monogamy right the first time we try to understand or execute it . We still might not get it the second time , or even the third . But maybe it 's not because monogamy is the only way that works , but because there are an infinite amount of ways for relationships to succeed or fail or rework themselves before it 's right .
We as a culture have evolved so many times in only the last 60 years , from the ultra-gendered heterosexuality of the 1950s to free love of the 60s and 70s to the androgynous sexuality ( and cone-shaped bras ) of the 80s . We act and feel as if this whole time there has only been one way to interpret relationships and sexuality , but in reality or perceptions are changing rapidly and regularly .
This is the generation in which it 's becoming possible to grow up gay . To be able to come out and live without alias or excuse . Maybe our sexual revolution is a revolution of exposure and presence . And although the ultimate goal that some chase is normalcy , we are in a period now where being out means that sex and sexuality are intrinsically tied to your identity , whether that 's the way you perceive it or the way others perceive you . Being gay forced us to honestly consider the possibilities of our sexualities ; being non-monogamous forces us to honestly consider the possibilities of our sexualities as they relate to others and re-evaluate the forces that make our partnerships special and honest above all else .
It 's not the easiest choice to make , and it does n't make sense to everyone . But it 's something to consider…y'know , if you 're into that kinda thing .
1 Clap Your Hands ( feat . MPA Duke ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:28
2 Donald Trump ( feat . DK ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 2:11
3 Geeked Up ( feat . Yung LA ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:11
4 Hurt Nobody ( feat . MPA Wicced ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:56
5 Tell Nobody ( feat . Yung LA ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:30
6 Panaramic Roof Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:37
7 Riding Around ( feat . Yung LA & DK ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:59
8 See You Later ( feat . MPA Duke & YSL ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:59
9 Texter Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:10
10 Umm Hmm ( feat . MPA Wicced ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:02
11 Wait Your Turn ( feat . Yung LA ) Gucci Mane & Young Thug 3:26
12 You the Best ( feat . YSL ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 2:50
13 Blame It On Her ( feat . Young Thug ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 3:18
14 Brand New Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 2:46
15 Call Yo Plug ( feat . OGD ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 3:47
16 Crazy ( feat . Young Thug ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 4:08
17 Dangerous Click ( feat . Jose Guapo ) Gucci Mane 4:03
18 In the Way ( feat . MPA Duke ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 4:19
19 Pourin ( feat . Jose Guapo ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 3:30
20 Ruffless ( feat . MPA Duke ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 3:31
21 Squat Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 3:00
22 Use a Nobody ( feat . Jose Guapo & MPA Duke ) Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 4:21
23 Time To Get Paid Gucci Mane & Peewee Longway 2:59
24 1017 ( feat . Young Thug ) Gucci Mane & Migos 3:00
25 Hotpocket Gucci Mane & Migos 2:40
26 Problems ( feat . Young Thug ) Gucci Mane & Migos 4:13
27 Sadam Usane ( feat . Kourney Money ) Gucci Mane & Migos 3:21
28 Seen a Lot ( feat . Young Scooter ) Gucci Mane & Migos 3:26
29 Send Me Pack ( feat . Young Dolph ) Gucci Mane & Migos 3:28
30 Skerr ( feat . Young Dolph ) Gucci Mane & Migos 3:38
31 Take My Soul Gucci Mane & Migos 3:05
32 What You Doin Gucci Mane & Migos 3:15
Dan Pearson European Editor Friday 27th July 2012 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Electronic Arts Facebook
Facebook 's first public investor call since its IPO has revealed some interesting facts about the effectiveness of its advertising portfolio , including the fact that EA invested heavily in a Battlefield 3 campaign on the network , seeing a 440 per cent ROI .
Speaking during the call , Facebook COO Sheryl K. Sandberg highlighted the BF3 campaign as an example of just how effective a highly targeted campaign could prove to be .
`` We 're making great progress measuring our ability to help marketers generate sales , '' said Sandberg .
`` Independent analysis of more than 60 campaigns , 45 of which were completed in the first half of this year , show that 70 per cent of those campaigns delivered a return on ad spend of 3x or better . And 49 per cent of those campaigns delivered a return of 5x or better .
`` Electronic Arts recently spent $ 2.75 million promoting Battlefield 3 on Facebook . They attributed $ 12.1 million of their sales to these ads , translating to a 4.4x return on their Facebook marketing spend . ''
EA 's methods for extrapolating that attribution were n't made clear , but Sandberg was also keen to point out that it 's not just companies with the publisher 's hefty marketing budget which can see returns on advertising on the network .
`` Wooga , an international games developer , used mobile News Feed to drive installs of its Diamond Dash game , '' Sandberg continued . `` They increased downloads by 26 % in the U.S. , 29 % in Germany and 37 % in France , all at attractive costs per app installed . ''
Games played a relatively low-key part in the call , with Zuckerberg himself urging listeners to think beyond gaming in terms of the potential for Facebook apps , whilst also pointing out that game developers surrendered a higher percentage of income to Facebook than other apps .
`` So in gaming , for example , we think that we 're helping to provide a lot of the value , so we end up getting a relatively high percentage of the revenue that comes into those companies , '' explained the CEO in response to a caller 's question .
`` Whereas in something like music or some of the media companies that are now getting built using Open Graph , I think we are n't providing quite as much of the percentage of the value as with games , so the overall amount of the revenue that comes to Facebook through , whether whatever the breakdown of ads and payments is , I think , will be somewhat less .
`` But a lot of people will do that stuff , too . So I think the real way to think about this is that over time , more and more nuanced experiences will become social . So gaming is such a basic thing that people want to do with their friends , so even with a relatively basic platform , people could build that ecosystem out . Some of the media stuff required more nuance . I think commerce will require a little more and so on . ''
Facebook was able to beat estimates in its financial report , showing healthy growth in its revenues , particularly from advertising .
According to the emails that WikiLeaks allegedly obtained from the hacked account of Clinton 's campaign chair John Podesta , members of US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 's campaign were tailoring some of her appearances to the preferences of billionaire George Soros .
© AP Photo / Andrew Harnik WikiLeaks Releases Tenth Batch of Clinton Emails From Campaign Chair Podesta
–
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) Members of US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 's campaign were tailoring some of her appearances to the preferences of billionaire George Soros , according to the emails that WikiLeaks allegedly obtained from the hacked account of Clinton 's campaign chair John Podesta
`` I would only do this for political reasons ( ie to make Soros happy ) , '' Robert Mook , Clinton 's campaign strategist , said in October 2014 in his email to the two other campaign members , Huma Abedin and Podesta , when asked if Clinton should attend a fundraiser for America Votes .
According to the email Mook was replying to , Clinton was scheduled to have dinner with Soros , who was going to ask her to go to a fundraiser for America Votes he would be hosting in his house .
Mook also said in his reply that he was not sure the event was worth attending as America Votes was not `` adding any value '' to the election campaign .
America Votes is a social welfare organization that works to advance progressive causes and increase Democratic Party voter turnout . While it does not disclose its donors , it is rumored to be supported by business magnate Soros , known for his active backing of progressive and liberal causes .
WikiLeaks has released over 15,000 emails written to or by Podesta , including those from the early stages of Clinton 's campaign .
This regularly updated feature on castles in Slovakia includes the developments of Slovakia 's many castles and a list of Slovakia 's top 10 .
This article was published in the latest edition of travel guide Spectacular Slovakia .
Today Slovakia is recognised as the world leader in car production per capita . What is less well known is that this country also has the highest number of castles per person .
Theoretically , the country could be comprised of 180 small kingdoms of 30,000 people , each with its own castle or chateau . Unfortunately , because of a lack of maintenance , there are just 120 castles with visible remains , and even most of those are largely in ruins . Luckily for visitors , there are still dozens of castles to tour , replete with their former majesty and cold beauty .
video //www.youtube.com/embed/t6etdvg6iLE
As a mountainous country , Slovakia is naturally predisposed to castles that use the high ground and stone as construction material . Starting in the Middle Ages and up to the 18th century , the aristocracy of the Kingdom of Hungary preferred to build their castles in Slovakia 's easy-to-defend territory , said art historian Peter Kresánek .
Most of those constructions fell into disrepair as their military importance decreased and landowners sought out more comfortable residences . For a long time , few had a passion for castles , and what was not destroyed over the years became construction material for nearby homes .
After the fall of the communist regime in 1989 , more and more people have shown an interest in these magnificent constructions , and volunteer groups have formed to preserve and renovate castles .
Bratislava Castle ( Source : SME )
In the beginning
Castles in Slovakia Check the list .
The story of Slovakia 's castles begins in the 9th century when Slavs began building wooden fortresses in present-day Slovakia , with about a dozen stone castles replacing them in the 11th century – including in Bratislava , Nitra and Trenčín .
The best example of one of these constructions is perhaps the most well-known of Slovak castles – Bratislava Castle . Its first mention dates to the 10th century , but the castle hill was also inhabited in the Celtic and the Great-Moravian era . Despite turbulent times , fires and a lack of money for its maintenance , Bratislava Castle still stands on its hill above the Danube River . In recent years it has undergone major renovation , and Slovaks voted to make it one of the three symbols representing the country on their new euro coins , introduced in January 2009 .
Mongol invaders in the 13th century brought about a period of consolidation in the Kingdom of Hungary 's defensive strategy , and by the end of the century , around 150 castles had been built or fortified to protect the area from further raids . Later , many castles became administrative centres or living quarters for Hungarian nobles . This period gave birth to Orava Castle , which is one of the most-visited castles in Slovakia . It became part of cinema history in 1922 when German director F. W. Murnau shot the vampire movie Nosferatu inside its walls .
Orava Castle is one of the most impressive castles in Slovakia . ( Source : Michal Glonek )
Slovakia 's castles : Going big
TOP 10 CASTLES IN SLOVAKIA ( listed alphabetically ) Bojnice Castle , www.bojnicecastle.sk
Bratislava Castle , www.snm.sk
Červený Kameň Castle , www.hradcervenykamen.sk
Devín Castle , www.muzeum.bratislava.sk
Nitra City Castle , www.nitrianskyhrad.sk
Orava Castle , www.oravskemuzeum.sk
Spiš Castle , www.spisskyhrad.sk
Stará Ľubovňa Castle , www.hradlubovna.sk
Strečno Castle , www.pmza.sk
Trenčín Castle , www.muzeumtn.sk Krásna Hôrka Castle , www.snm.sk is another interesting castle but due to a fire in 2012 , it is currently being reconstructed .
More new castles were built and fortified during the 15th-century Hussite wars , this time taking into account firearms . In this era , Trenčín , Devín and Spiš Castles became three of the biggest in Europe .
Of all Slovakia 's castles , the grand and gloomy Spiš Castle is probably the most celebrated . It is reputed to be the largest castle ruin in central Europe , and in its stony decay it seems to erupt out of the hill on which it is perched , as if the earth itself were trying to resurrect a lost Gothic past . Perhaps that is why the castle was used in the American movie Dragonheart as a castle by the sea , while in reality it is more than 600 kilometres from the nearest shoreline . One of the best preserved castles built in this era is Kežmarok Castle , constructed in the mid-15th century . Today it is used as a museum that tells the history of both Kežmarok and the castle itself .
Spiš Castle is impressive from the air as well as from the ground . ( Source : Fly Media )
Ottoman invaders lead to renovations
Another round of castle building took place after the Ottomans conquered lower Hungary in the 16th century . By order of the ruler , castle walls like those at Vígľaš , Fiľakovo and Krásna Hôrka were significantly extended . Also the fortress at Komárno was rebuilt according to Italian military engineering designs , becoming the strongest fortified construction of the Kingdom of Hungary . In 1594 the fortress resisted a month-long siege by an Ottoman army of 100,000 soldiers and later became a symbol of European military architecture .
But it is not only castles that were used in the fight against the Ottomans - even some monasteries were fortified and absorbed into the defence system . Hronský Beňadik is an example . The abbey was first established in 1075 , and the local monks were instrumental for centuries in spreading Christianity before the whole complex was fortified to face the Ottoman raids . The monastery was declared a national cultural monument in 1945 .
video //www.youtube.com/embed/sRmQLJAwOYA
During the Ottoman wars in the 16th and 17th centuries , Slovak castles played a considerable role in the defence of the whole region , which had become a geopolitically important crossroads . Many travel books and publications written in those times describe Slovak castles , according to Kresánek .
Elizabeth Báthory ( Source : SME )
However , the stories were not only about heroic battles . For instance , one famous legend recounts the exploits of Elizabeth Báthory . Otherwise known as the Blood Countess , this Hungarian aristocrat became notorious in the early 17th century as a serial killer who tortured and killed scores of young women – possibly up to 650 victims – in her residence , Čachtice Castle . Many myths and legends have surfaced surrounding Báthory 's crimes , most notably the claims that she bathed in her victims ' blood in a bid to retain her youth . Whatever the truth , she has been the grisly inspiration for writers , playwrights , filmmakers , and artists from across the world . The list includes a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer and a 2008 English-language fantasy film which was an international co-production between Slovakia , the Czech Republic , Hungary and the United Kingdom . It comes as no surprise that much of the small municipal museum in Čachtice focuses on Báthory .
Twilight of Slovak castles
Most of Slovakia 's castles were destroyed after a series of anti-Habsburg uprisings in the 17th century which ended in 1711 . Because the castles were considered to be centres of rebellion , rulers decided to render them useless . The emperor 's army systematically deprived them of their defensive capabilities by destroying important parts of their walls , embrasures and other tactical structures . After that the castles were used as watchtowers and continued to decay .
Some saw their prospects partially revived with new lives as more pleasant and luxurious chateaux , family residences or museums during the romantic period toward the end of the 18th century . For example , after the Thurzo family took over Bojnice Castle in the 16th century , they promptly remade the heavily fortified defence structure into a Renaissance-style chateau . Later , János Pálffy , a wealthy heir and castle-makeover enthusiast , gave the castle a late-Tyrolean Gothic look .
Polish crown jewels were hidden at Stará Ľubovňa Castle . ( Source : Jana Liptáková )
Mimicking the romantic chateaux of France 's Loire Valley , Bojnice Castle has become a wonderful destination for travellers with children . Rumours that the castle is haunted have led to the whimsical International Festival of Spirits and Ghosts , held annually in late April and early May .
The Pálffy family also reconstructed Červený Kameň Castle in an early Baroque style . It now serves as a museum chronicling the development of the housing culture of the nobility and bourgeoisie in Slovakia .
However , most Slovak castles have not enjoyed such a happy fate . Many of them burned down . Two castles outside Bratislava – Devín and Pajštún – were burned down intentionally by Napoleon 's forces , after he had signed a peace treaty in 1805 . Two more were lost in World War II , and another two were destroyed by earthquakes .
The latest to be hit by fire was Krásna Hôrka , one of the most cherished and best-preserved castles in Slovakia . Most of the castle was destroyed in March 2012 . It is currently being reconstructed .
Other castles simply fell apart because of neglect . In the past , castles had no historical value to locals , who left the structures to crumble . Tragically , many destroyed the castles by using their walls as construction material for their own homes . Art historian Kresánek mentioned Bzovík Fortress as one which was partially looted by locals for its materials . “ Foundation materials of the whole village of Bzovík have their origin in Romanesque-Gothic parts of the monastery , ” Kresánek said .
Bzovík is a former monastery rebuilt into a fortress . ( Source : SME )
Saving Slovakia 's national treasures
In the beginning of the 20th century castles drew the focus of various tourism clubs and later the state . Many now serve as museums ( Bratislava Castle , Červený Kameň Castle , Orava Castle , Bojnice Castle ) , some have galleries ( Zvolen Castle ) , and Ilava Castle was turned into a prison . Plenty of the castles remain a dominant feature of the towns and cities they are in , as in Bratislava , Trenčín , Nitra , Zvolen , Kežmarok and Banská Bystrica . Moreover , dozens of chateaux were restored and are commercially used as restaurants or hotels . As time passes even ordinary people try to preserve or reconstruct damaged castles . Thanks to municipalities and volunteers from civic associations , several buildings have started to be renovated . Since 2011 , there is even a programme subsidised by the state which enables the long-term unemployed to work on renovations of castles . For volunteers reconstruction has become a sort of leisure-time activity which can also be enjoyed even by foreigners staying in Slovakia .
While the particular motivation for people who try to save castles varies , most agree that they can not watch as a historical treasure vanishes . “ I do care about people who do not know their history , which is richer than it appears , ” Rastislav Rybanský from the civic association renewing Topoľčany Castle said . “ I do care for sure about history decaying in front of my eyes . ”
( Source : Spectacular Slovakia )
Castles in Slovakia
Castles , city castles & fortresses
B Bratislava Castle , www.snm.sk
B Pezinok Castle , www.nsvsr.sk
B Červený Kameň Castle , www.hradcervenykamen.sk
W Smolenice Castle , www.kcsmolenice.sav.sk
W Trenčín Castle , www.muzeumtn.sk
W Bojnice Castle , www.bojnicecastle.sk
W Nitra City Castle , www.nitrianskyhrad.sk
W Komárno Fortress , www.pevnost-komarno.sk
C Banská Bystrica Town Castle , www.banskabystrica.sk
C Hronský Beňadik monastery , www.benadik-klastor.sk
C Banská Štiavnica Old Castle , www.muzeumbs.sk
C Banská Štiavnica New Castle , www.muzeumbs.sk
C Zvolen Castle , www.sng.sk
C Vígľaš Castle , www.zamokviglas.com
C Slovenská Ľupča Castle , www.hradlupca.sk
C Kremnica Town Castle , www.muzeumkremnica.sk
N Červený Kláštor Monastery , www.muzeumcervenyklastor.sk
N Stará Ľubovňa Castle , www.hradlubovna.sk
N Kežmarok Castle , www.kezmarok.com
N Orava Castle , www.oravskemuzeum.sk
N Bytča Castle , www.pmza.sk
N Budatín Castle , www.pmza.sk
E Krásna Hôrka Castle , www.snm.sk
Ruins with exhibit
B Devín Castle , www.muzeum.bratislava.sk
W Čachtice Castle , www.cachtice.sk
W Beckov Castle , www.hrad-beckov.sk
W Levice Castle , www.slovakia.travel
C Kláštorná pevnosť Bzovík ( Bzovík fortress ) , www.muzeum.sk
C Modrý Kameň Castle , www.snm.sk
C Fiľakovo Castle , www.hradfilakovo.sk
N Spiš Castle , www.spisskyhrad.sk
N Liptovský Hrádok Castle , www.grandcastle.sk
N Likava Castle , www.liptovskemuzeum.sk
N Strečno Castle , www.pmza.sk
Manor Houses with exhibit
W Dolná Krupá , www.snm.sk
W Oponice , www.chateauappony.sk
W Topoľčianky , www.zamok-topolcianky.sk
C Svätý Anton , www.msa.sk
N Strážky , www.sng.skhttp : //http : //www.sng.sk/en/uvod/vysunute-pracoviska/strazky
N Markušovce , www.muzeumspisa.com
E Betliar , www.snm.sk
E Trebišov , www.muzeumtv.sk
E Humenné , www.muzeumhumenne.sk
Castles and monuments where foreigners are welcomed to help with reconstructions
N Sedliacka Dubová , www.dubovacolonorum.sk
N Lietava Castle , www.hradlietava.sk
N Sklabiňa Castle , www.hradsklabina-donjon.sk
C Banská Štiavnica , www.en.kalvaria.org
E Šariš Castle , www.hrad.wbl.sk
Waving American flags and wearing red caps , about 2,000 people gathered at Tropical Park Saturday morning to show their support for President Donald Trump .
Displaying signs like Eva Sanchez 's “ Latinos Support Trump — Build the Wall & Close the Border , '' the crowd cheered on Trump 's immigration policies , which call for building a wall on the southern border with Mexico and temporarily banning citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries — Iran , Iraq , Syria , Somalia , Libya , Yemen and Sudan — from entering the country . ( A federal appeals court panel unanimously rejected the ban last month ; Trump is expected to issue a new one soon . )
The March4Trump rallies were held across the nation Saturday to show support for Trump , whose national disapproval ratings , hovering around 50 percent , are at historically high levels for a new president . In Palm Beach , where Trump is staying this weekend at his Mar-a-Lago estate , dueling rallies of pro- and anti-Trump supporters squared off with harsh words , the Palm Beach Post reported . A liberal women 's group , UltraViolet , planned to air a TV ad in Palm Beach highlighting Trump 's ratings .
Trump was expected to have dinner Saturday evening at Mar-a-Lago with Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , among others . Sessions recused himself on Thursday from a federal investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , after the Washington Post reported that he testified under oath to a Senate committee that he “ did not have communication with the Russians '' during the presidential campaign , when , in fact , he met with the Russian ambassador twice during the campaign . Sessions has denied any wrongdoing and disputed assertions that he spoke with the Russian ambassador about the campaign .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
At left is the schedule WH put out yesterday . Now the updated : pic.twitter.com/L6IrmlqjGy — Alex Leary ( @ learyreports ) March 4 , 2017
Trump won Florida , the largest swing state in the nation , by about 1 percentage point .
At Tropical Park , the crowd was clearly pro-Trump . They wore T-shirts saying “ # SomosTrump ” and “ Mi presidente ”
Trump deserves a chance . If he fails , we wo n't support him . Mauricio Garcia , Trump rallies at Tropical Park
Some , like Mauricio Garcia , holding a sign , “ Trump is not alone , ” said Trump “ deserves a chance . ''
“ If he fails , we wo n't support him , ” he said .
Others , like Coralin Parker , wearing a U.S. Navy Women 's Veteran visor , said she agreed with Trump 's immigration policies : “ Being a vet , I know the immigration problem is very bad . ''
Many also supported Trump 's call to repeal and replace Obamacare , although that effort has been stymied as Republicans disagree over how to finance a new healthcare plan . Additionally , as people worry they may lose their health insurance under a new plan — or pay more for it — support for Obamacare has been growing , polls show . In Florida , more than 1.6 million people signed up for Obamacare , more than any other state .
“ He is going through his promises one by one , ” said Carolina Serani , a business owner in Miami-Dade who says the cost of Obamacare plans is too high . “ He is bringing our values back — talking about family values and America comes first . ”
( PolitiFact is tracking Trump 's progress on 102 promises and has rated several In the Works , including his promises to build a wall and remove criminal undocumented immigrants . )
Groups organizing the rally included Latinas for Trump , Cubans4Trump , Tea Party Miami and Miami-Dade Citizens 4 Trump .
At least person made it clear he opposed Trump .
South Miami Vice Mayor Bob Welsh held up a sign with six statements : “ 1 . No jail for Hillary . 2 . Mexico ai n't paying . 3 . Good hombres R staying . 4 . Obamacare 's YUGE . 5 . Swamp billionaire . 6 . Managers rise to their incompetence level . ''
The rally lasted about three hours and trailed off as supporters headed to La Carreta on Bird Road , just west of Tropical Park .
As the Trump supporters sipped cafecitos one woman hoisted her sign : “ Cubans for Trump . ''
More people are switching from being passive to 'activated ' patients
Mobile data analysis applications , online information sources , and wearable medical devices are opening new possibilities to create successful healthcare systems in Australia .
By investing in the Internet of Things ( IoT ) and connected health technology , healthcare providers could be leveraging significant opportunities for more effective business decision-making .
For medical device makers , investing in IoT infrastructure and big data analytics capabilities could hold the key to implementing sustainable healthcare processes and systems . According to Gartner , IoT hardware spending will exceed US $ 2.5 million every minute this year , reflecting anticipated investments in wearables and machine-to-machine learning .
These developments in technology have already led to the generation of the BYOhD ( bring your own healthcare device ) experience , which has allowed rapidly growing numbers of patients to manage their own healthcare across Australia .
As a result , more and more people are switching from being passive patients to ‘ activated ' patients . For medical device manufacturers , investing in reliable technology and equipment is fundamental if the future of Australia 's healthcare is to be effectively tech-orientated .
‘ Activated ' versus passive consumers
For healthcare companies to achieve their goals with minimal strain on their systems , ‘ activated ' consumers are vital . While passive consumers place a heavy reliance on doctors and healthcare professionals to address their health issues , ‘ activated ' consumers take matters into their own hands .
Wearable devices such as Fitbits , at-home monitors for glucose and blood pressure levels , and mobile applications that transmit health-related data , allow these individuals to monitor and control their own health instead of going to the doctor for regular check-ups .
Active participation in personalised healthcare has been seen to increase engagement in preventative care whilst also increasing the effectiveness of health practices .
In contrast , passive consumers are not likely to participate in preventative healthcare measures , and instead rely on doctors after a medical problem has developed . A Deloitte study also demonstrated a 21 percent lower medical expenditure for activated consumers over passive consumers .
The opportunity for Australian healthcare
Australia 's healthcare model is undeniably a hot topic locally , and recently , there have even been discussions around whether the local model should shift towards that of the United States .
Regardless of how the model changes in the future , the Australian government and local healthcare institutions need to start recognising the impact technology could have in order to improve the processes and systems commonly overlooked as the root of the problem .
For example , healthcare organisations are often guilty of using legacy IT systems , which can be 20 or even 30 years old . While the cost and resources required to upgrade these can be exorbitant , an underestimated option is keeping those systems in place and leveraging automation or robotics technologies to eliminate reliance on phone calls , paperwork , and repetitive administrative tasks .
Furthermore , with data management tools commonly hosting different pieces of patient information in different locations , potential efficiencies in patient treatment and management can be easily missed .
While simple integration tools could provide some band-aid effects for short-term impact , it 's critical for these organisations to also regularly review their end-to-end processes and assess where they can be streamlined , shortened , or completely automated .
This includes the patient 's end-to-end customer experience , the end-to-end treatment process and management of relevant tools and medicines , and the end-to-end health insurance process from registration to payment .
Implementing these changes will not only save on costs and resources , but will also better equip healthcare organisations to serve and appeal to both ‘ activated ' and passive consumers .
Overcoming healthcare 's customer engagement obstacles
Despite medical and technological advances , healthcare organisations are still faced with the reality that while active consumers with these technologies can easily self-monitor their health , behavioural changes are not drastically changing .
An FDA report states that the annual number of medical device recalls increased by 97 percent from 2003 to 2012 . Besides , an average of 200,000 product-related customer complaints are made every year about wearable medical devices .
Large-scale change needs to be driven by hyper-personalised approaches to customer needs . Device manufacturers , for example , could be utilising data from connected devices and other data sources about consumer interactions and transactions in order to identify customers ' likes , dislikes , behaviours and preferences .
This can lead to a more in-depth understanding of their products ' weaknesses , and drive customer-centric actions for improvement . In turn , this can result in more effective ways of engaging consumers , patients and businesses , to create measurable changes in our health nationwide .
Also , by using natural language processing and predictive analytics , device manufacturers can foresee issues with the product regarding quality and customer satisfaction , whilst delivering knowledge to use for future product design and customer support .
On the regulatory side , decisions need to be made about who assumes responsibility for information collected via technology .
For example , who should be responsible in case a patient provides incorrect blood sugar reading ? A key question on the payment side is whether a healthcare provider can be remunerated for a “ non-touch ” service .
These are important areas that need to be worked through for technology to drive the benefits promised by IoT .
Are we ready ?
The future of Australia 's healthcare sector will undoubtedly rely on a range of factors , including how and when they start leveraging some of the latest technologies in automation , robotics , and data management .
As well as laying the foundations to capitalise on the technologies available today , healthcare , like every other industry in Australia , also needs to prepare itself for potential digital disruption by upcoming technologies such as virtual reality , artificial intelligence , and augmented reality .
The more adaptable healthcare organisations of tomorrow will have to be built around these opportunities and the consumer expectations that will continue to change with technological advancements .
Alan Fanarof is senior director and ANZ practice head for healthcare at Cognizant .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Now that Republicans have delayed the debt ceiling for three months , their next point of attack , they say , are the deep spending cuts in the so-called “ sequester. ” House Speaker John Boehner told the Wall Street Journal editorial board that the sequester is `` as much leverage as we 're going to get . '' He meant that to sound reassuring to conservatives . But I ca n't figure out why they 're reassured .
The problem with the GOP 's plan to use the sequester as leverage is evident as soon as you stop using the vague term “ sequester ” and instead call the policy what it is : A bunch of very dumb -- but extremely Democrat-friendly -- spending cuts .
To understand the problem Republicans are going to have using the sequester as leverage , you need to understand the bargain they made when they created it . The policy dates to the final days of the 2011 debt-ceiling fight . Both sides realized that the only way out of that mess was to kick the can down the road . So they formed the “ supercommittee , ” a bipartisan group of legislators charged with finding $ 1.2 trillion in deficit reduction .
The problem with the supercommittee was obvious : If Congress could n't agree on a deficit-reduction package , why should the supercommittee have any more luck ? The sequester was meant to be the answer to that question : If the supercommittee failed , the sequester would cut the deficit by $ 1.2 trillion automatically , but it would do it in such a mindless , blunt way that neither party would be able to live with the consequences .
That suggested an obvious design for the sequester : Half taxes , which Republicans hate , and half spending cuts to program Democrats care about . But Republicans refused to vote for anything with taxes in it -- even though the point of policy was for both sides to fear it . So they made a concession to the Democrats : If the sequester was to be all spending cuts -- $ 984 billion , to be exact , which , when added to lower debt payments , totaled $ 1.2 trillion -- then the spending cuts would leave the main Democratic priorities untouched .
And so the sequester does n't touch Medicaid , Social Security or Pell grants . It exempts most programs for low-income Americans , like food stamps . Veteran 's benefits are home free , as are federal retirement benefits . Medicare providers see cuts , but Medicare beneficiaries do n't . And fully half of the cuts come from the military -- a huge reduction in defense spending that Democrats could n't dream about achieving any other way .
That 's not to say Democrats will love the sequester . It slashes deep into everything from the National Institutes of Health to the Office of Vocational and Adult Education to the Environmental Protection Agency . Worse , the cuts are done with a cleaver rather than a scalpel . Rather than giving agencies control over how to apportion the spending cuts , every affected program simply sees the same reduction . Democrats do n't much like that , but given the sequester 's disproportionate focus on the military , it 's even worse for Republicans .
“ Both parties dislike the sequester and they should , ” says Bob Greenstein , president of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . “ It 's a terrible way to cut budgets . But it 's not clear to me why Democrats would hate it more and back down first relative to Republicans . ”
Moreover , policies like the sequester rarely survive for very long . “ The truth is we have a very weak record of things like the sequester actually coming to pass , ” says Doug Holtz-Eakin , president of the American Action Forum and the top economic adviser to John McCain 's 2008 campaign . “ In the end , the Budget Control Act ” -- the legislation that created the sequester -- “ is built on discretionary spending caps . They 're violated more than they 're adhered to . ”
This is the kind of perverse policy outcome that 's the consequence of the GOP 's no-tax pledge . They could get a deal from the Obama administration that would cut Medicare and Social Security and all the other spending Republicans want to cut so long as they 'd also raise taxes . And they would n't even have to raise tax rates -- they could just get rid of loopholes and tax breaks in the code . Instead , they 're threatening to cut the spending they care most deeply about using an unreliable mechanism that was designed to be so objectionable that they 'd never let it become law .
But this is the corner they 've backed themselves into . Having lost an election , and having tied themselves to a no-tax pledge , they 're so desperate for leverage , so desperate for a hostage they can actually shoot , that they 're willing to point the gun at their own head and threaten to pull the trigger .
The Oregon/Idaho chapter of the American Automobile Association ( a.k.a . “ Triple A ” ) is set to announce that their legendary roadside assistance plan will now cover people riding bicycles .
According to sources , the 50 million member non-profit auto lobbying group and service organization that was founded in 1902 , is set to make the announcement in a press release tomorrow .
Thanks to the Internet , we can get a sneak peek at what they 've got planned . Here 's how they introduce the service :
“ You 've been riding to save gas or stay in shape . For that , you deserve credit . Now AAA Plus provides you with added benefits to recognize your efforts and your lifestyle . ”
Story continues below
advertisement
And here 's how it would work :
Bicycle transportation service is provided for the rider whose bicycle is disabled .
Service will be provided to any point of safety within a 25-mile radius of the bicycle breakdown .
Service applies to all bicycles and tandems , including rental bicycles .
Service is only available within the AAA Oregon/Idaho coverage area , which includes Oregon and the southern 34 counties of Idaho .
Four years ago , we covered a similar plan offered by the Better World Club , but this is the first I 've heard of the AAA behemoth recognizing the growing number bike riders and including them in their product .
Front Page , News
On Easter Sunday of 2007 , something terrible happened that would change Noah Starr 's life forever . It ended up taking over five years , thousands of pills , relationships lost and learning about medical cannabis before he could turn his life around at all . “ People call marijuana a gateway drug and it absolutely is . It 's been the gateway to my recovery , ” says the former Canadian Armed Forces combat engineer . “ I 've had times when I was in the hospital because I did n't know where to turn . I have been one of those soldiers , ” says the young man from Fredericton , N.B .
While serving in Afghanistan , Starr witnessed six fellow soldiers get hit with an IED that their truck ran over . Starr was assigned to search for roadside bombs a short distance away , and he was one of the first to respond to the explosion . Starr said that “ It hit really close to home because I was wearing the exact same uniform that these guys were wearing . It made it very real for me and I think it put into perspective what could happen . ”
He could n't get this incident out of his head , the whole experience was permanently etched into his mind . He was extremely aware that was dealing with legitimate psychological problems , so he informed his superiors that he needed help . At that time the help consisted of prescription medication and access to a social worker to help him while overseas . He felt confident that the help would be adequate until he returned to CFB Gagetown in New Brunswick , where he found out that there were only two psychiatrists available for the entire 2,000 member battle groups that just returned .
According to Starr , “ It took me six months before I even saw a doctor . It was n't until January of 2008 that I had a working diagnosis of PTSD . It was almost a year before a doctor said , ‘ You 've got PTSD . We 're going to start you on a program . ”
He was given a cocktail of anti-depression , anti-anxiety , and sleep aid medications to deal with the PTSD . “ At my worst point there were about six different drugs at one time and only ever seeing that if this was n't working there was another drug or an increase of a drug , If I ever forgot these drugs , I would get a wicked withdrawal reminder and my quality of life was almost non-existent ” Starr said .
The treatment continued for years , while Starr was twice denied a transfer to a Joint Personnel Support Unit , which is a military designation used as a way station for ill and injured members . So he stayed at CFB Gagetown where he struggled to even make it to work on time after taking heavy doses of sleeping pills on a regular basis , which his superiors grew tired of .
These types of problems would eventually lead to his release from the military in December 2012 after being judged “ unsuitable for further service ” due to personal problems that were deemed “ within his control ” thus making him “ an excessive administrative burden. ” So after losing his mental health and his career , Starr began seeking out alternatives as he got ready for civilian life .
He examined some psychedelic drugs but ended up settling for medical cannabis , which he had to obtain illegally off the street . This treatment helped his uncontrollable anger tremendously , which had been plaguing him for years . “ Even that stuff did have a wonderful effect on me . The second that it touches my lungs it just washes out of me . It just goes away and I ca n't describe it in any other way . It just melts off me ” he said .
He has not had any pharmaceutical drugs since early 2013 and relies solely on medical cannabis . His former girlfriend has separated and his two children are not allowed to see him , which is a dreadful consequence of all his problems . He is currently running a property management company in addition to working as a marijuana mentor at CannaConnect , which is a group that focuses on helping veterans obtain medical cannabis and other benefits . Starr comments that “ “ My life will never be normal . I 've come to terms with that , ” he said . “ But it 's as normal as I think it can be. ” The trend of people foregoing pharmaceuticals and choosing medical cannabis is surely growing and veterans who suffer from PTSD can be huge beneficiaries of cannabis treatments .
Beretta 92S 9mm Semi-Auto Pistol with 1 Mag - The Overall condition for the pistols in this shipment is NRA Good /Very Good Used Surplus Condition .
What a deal . It is not often that you can find such a legendary firearm as such a great price . We are told that these are Police trade ins from assorted Italian Law Enforcement Agencies . We are also told that they have been back to the Beretta facility for function testing . This is a new shipment for us that just arrived on July 26th 2017
Of all the pistols we have seen so far the vast majority of these pistols have been in at least NRA Surplus Good /Very Good Condition and that is the ones we will be selling here . As with previous shipments if there are some pistols that fall below these standards we have instructed our warehouse personnel to set those aside so any pistol with a condition falling below the `` Good '' standard , will be segregated and held to sell as a lower grade at a later date .
Again these are surplus pistols and as you can see from our video they have been stored against each other during transit so at the very least you will expect storage marks . I would expect a certain degree of holster and carry wear on all the pistols with a greater degree on the ones that are average standard good condition . Mechanically I would expect all to be very functional and all of them should make very good carry / shooters .
Note from Ben on July 26th 2017 - The wording above is from our long standing Beretta 92S ad that we have used historically as we do tend to get these in from time to time . However , I must say that this latest group of pistols that we just received today is probably the cleanest batch of these pistols that I have seen yet and very much on par with another exceptional group we received about 14 months ago . It was a very small batch as well and as such , especially at the price we are running them at here , I do not expect them to last long . Many of the barrels and feed ramps appear new with no evidence of a round ever having gone across them . Not trying to overplay it , and of course as with all surplus firearms they will vary from gun to gun , but still overall , a very nice batch . If I were you I would hurry up on this one . See accompanying video for further details .
By WILLIAM LOWTHER
Last updated at 10:16 12 December 2007
Use of the interrogation technique known as `` waterboarding '' was approved by the White House and gets results , a former CIA agent admitted yesterday .
The technique - which simulates drowning - was used against Al Qaeda captives with success , John Kiriakou told a U.S. TV network .
The one-time CIA interrogator is the first to speak out about the `` torture '' methods that have earned President George Bush 's administration worldwide condemnation .
Scroll down for more ...
The White House has denied torture is used on terror suspects , but Mr Kiriakou said waterboarding `` broke '' one stubbornly silent Al Qaeda recruiter after just 35 seconds .
Waterboarding involves wrapping plastic or fabric around a detainee 's face then pouring water over the top until it is forced up the nose and down the throat to simulate drowning .
Suspects are told they will die if they do not talk .
And although the technique is supposed to be low-risk , critics say it can result in long-lasting psychological damage , injury to the lungs and even , in extreme cases , death .
Mr Kiriakou told the ABC network that he had fought an `` intellectual battle '' in his mind over the use of waterboarding , and had concluded that it is justified as it saves lives by preventing terror attacks .
`` This is n't something done willy-nilly , '' he added . `` This was a policy made at the White House , with concurrence from the National Security Council and Justice Department . ''
Scroll down for more ...
Mr Kiriakou told how waterboarding was used on Zayn Abu Zubaida , the first high-ranking Al Qaeda member captured after the September 11 attacks in 2001 .
Abu Zubaida was seized in a gun battle in Pakistan in the spring of 2002 . For weeks he refused to talk and remained ideologically zealous , defiant and unco-operative .
Then he was flown to a secret CIA prison - believed to be in Afghanistan - and strapped to a board with his feet in the air .
Cellophane was wrapped around the Al Qaeda man 's face and water was forced up his nose and into his throat to make him think he was drowning .
The suspect lasted only 35 seconds before he broke .
`` It was like flipping a switch , '' said Mr Kiriakou .
`` From that day on , he answered every question . The threat information he provided disrupted a number of attacks , maybe dozens of attacks .
`` Like a lot of Americans , I 'm involved in this internal , intellectual battle with myself weighing the idea that waterboarding may be torture versus the quality of information that we often get .
`` I struggle with it .
`` At the time , I felt that waterboarding was something that we needed to do . ''
Mr Kiriakou said he did not interrogate Abu Zubaida , but learned the details from colleagues .
His account came as the U.S. Congress began questioning CIA director Michael Hayden yesterday about why the agency destroyed at least two videotapes of controversial interrogations .
Many senators believe it was done to hide evidence of illegal torture that could have been used against CIA agents in a war crimes tribunal .
General Hayden , speaking to the closed-doors Congress hearing yesterday was expected to say that CIA lawyers ruled that the interrogations were legal and the tapes were destroyed in 2005 to protect the identities of CIA employees who appear on them .
The torture scandal is likely to become a major issue in next year 's presidential election .
Abu Zubaida - who says he was coerced into making false confessions - was eventually moved to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where he is now held in solitary confinement .
He is likely to be tried next year on terrorism charges and the CIA expects that he will spend the rest of his life in custody .
Mr Kiriakou , a 14-year veteran of the CIA who worked in both the analysis and operations divisions , left in 2004 and works as a consultant for a private Washington-based firm .
CTVNews.ca Staff
It may have been moving at 30 kilometres per second , but a Saskatchewan photographer still managed to catch it .
Bill Allen trained his camera lens on the sky near Weyburn , Sask. , on Sunday night hoping to capture the magic of the annual Taurid meteor shower , which NASA said may be “ more active than usual this year . ”
“ I saw it in the back of the camera and I knew I had an epic shot right there , ” Allen told CTV Saskatoon .
“ Everything just fell into place . ”
Allen 's shot got more than 100 likes on Twitter after he posted it Sunday night , and others tweeted they saw the streak of light too .
The Taurid meteor shower is named after the constellation Taurus and is the result of Earth passing through a stream of debris left by the Comet Encke , which it does every year from September to November .
According to NASA , the best time to look up is after midnight , when Taurus is high in the sky .
University of Saskatchewan Astronomer Stan Shadick said that humans were never at risk from the meteor . It likely burned up almost immediately after entering the atmosphere .
With a report from CTV Saskatoon
Published online 27 May 2011 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2011.333
News
Field needs independent experiments to prove or disprove the work , researchers say .
Scanning electron micrograph of bacterium strain GFAJ-1 . Science/AAAS
Nearly six months after its publication in Science1 , the controversial suggestion that a newly discovered bacterium survives by incorporating arsenic atoms into its DNA and other biomolecules is today facing a volley of terse critiques2–9 .
Many of the criticisms had previously been aired on blogs and in other publications . The arsenic paper 's authors , led by Felisa Wolfe-Simon of the NASA Astrobiology Institute and the US Geological Survey in Menlo Park , California , defend their work in a technical response10 issued alongside the critiques . The team says it will distribute samples of the bacterium , GFAJ-1 , so that other researchers can attempt to replicate their work . The question now is whether independent researchers will take up that offer and put to the test the overwhelming sense that the study suffers from flaws that undermine its conclusions .
Some of the critics were frustrated that Wolfe-Simon and her colleagues did not release any new data in their response , noting that there had been ample time for them to bolster their case with new data .
`` I 'm tired of rehashing these preliminary data , '' says John Helmann of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , who critiqued the work in January on the Faculty of 1000 websites . `` I look forward to the time when they or others in the field start doing the sort of rigorous experiments that need to be done to test this hypothesis . ''
The controversy first erupted in December , when NASA 's press office issued a cryptic news release regarding an `` astrobiology finding that will impact the search for evidence of extraterrestrial life '' . Once the Science paper was published , it quickly became apparent that , if true , the finding was astonishing . It implied that the bacterium had evolved to incorporate the usually toxic arsenic into its genetic backbone , possibly suggesting a broader range of molecular building blocks for life on Earth and beyond .
But the work was quickly attacked by researchers , both for not living up to NASA 's billing about relevance to extraterrestrial life , and for being marred by technical shortcomings .
`` I have not found anybody outside of [ Wolfe-Simon 's ] laboratory who supports the work , '' says Barry Rosen of Florida International University in Miami , who published a critique of the work11 in BioEssays in March .
A dearth of believers
Wolfe-Simon has previously defended her work both on her website , and in the pages of the women 's magazine Glamour , where she dispensed her `` four laws of getting people to believe in you '' .
`` We maintain that our interpretation of As [ arsenic ] substitution , based on multiple congruent lines of evidence , is viable , '' she and her colleagues write today10 .
Felisa Wolfe-Simon collects a sample from 10 Mile Beach at Mono Lake , California . H. Bortman
In their original study1 , Wolfe-Simon and her team analysed bacteria taken from Mono Lake in southern California . The bacteria were grown in the lab on a medium that , the authors said , contained arsenic but no phosphorus — the core constituent of the DNA double helix . The team found that the bacteria reproduced and integrated arsenic into their DNA .
The critiques attack multiple parts of the work . Several allege that the growth medium contained trace amounts of phosphorus — enough to support a few rounds of bacterial growth3–7 . Others say that the evidence purporting to show that arsenic integrated into the bacterium 's DNA is flawed because the DNA was not properly purified5 .
One of the papers2 asserts that Wolfe-Simon and her team used flawed methods to calculate the ratios of arsenic and phosphorus in their growth media . Many of the authors also say that there are alternative explanations for the fact that the bacteria could grow on a medium containing little or no phosphorus , such as the possibility that the medium selected for arsenic-tolerant bacteria that out-competed the non-tolerant microbes5 .
Some criticisms of the work come from within the same agencies that employ the authors ; four of the authors of one critique are based at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , managed by the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena . `` GFAJ-1 appears to do all it can to harvest P [ phosphorus ] atoms from the medium while drowning in As , '' they write3 . `` This suggests that GFAJ-1 is an extraordinary extremophile but does not support the more exceptional claim that As replaces the functions of P in this organism . ''
In search of follow-up
Steven Benner of the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution in Gainesville , Florida , suggests a series of follow-up experiments that could provide more solid evidence that arsenic has incorporated into the bacterium 's DNA4 .
If GFAJ-1 is indeed utilizing arsenic as Wolfe-Simon and her co-authors suggest , Benner writes , the result would `` set aside nearly a century of chemical data concerning arsenate and phosphate molecules '' . Benner cautions that inconsistent results should not be `` discarded out of hand '' , although he criticizes the paper for not fully taking into account how much existing science would need to be rewritten to accommodate its extraordinary claim .
Rosemary Redfield of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , who previously critiqued the arsenic paper on her blog and who wrote one of the commentaries published today5 , says that proving or disproving the work would be easy . She says it would be `` relatively straightforward '' to grow the bacteria in arsenic-containing media and to analyse them using mass spectrometry to test whether arsenic is covalently bonded into their DNA backbone .
`` The important thing to do is what the authors did n't do , which is meticulously clean up the DNA first , '' Redfield says .
She adds that she will probably obtain samples of GFAJ-1 and is considering performing the follow-up tests she describes . She is also interested in getting a group of five of six laboratories to repeat the experiments independently and publish their results together .
However , most labs seem too busy to spend time replicating work that they feel is fundamentally flawed and is not likely to be published in high-impact journals . So principal investigators are reluctant to spend their resources , and their students ' time , replicating the work .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` If you extended the results to show there is no detectable arsenic , where could you publish that ? '' asks Simon Silver of the University of Illinois at Chicago , who critiqued the work in FEMS Microbiology Letters12 in January and on 24 May at the annual meeting of the American Society for Microbiology in New Orleans . `` How could the young person who was asked to do that work ever get a job ? ''
Refuting another scientist 's work also takes time that scientists could be spending on their own research . For instance , Helmann says he is installing a highly sensitive mass spectrometer that can measure trace amounts of elements . But , he says , `` I 've got my own science to do '' .
Helmann also points out that the bacterium is not yet available through cell repositories , and that researchers may be reluctant to sign the materials transfer agreement required to obtain it from the authors .
He and other researchers add that the response released by Wolfe-Simon and her team suggests that they are reluctant to accept that there may be alternative explanations for the phenomenon they observed .
`` With so many mistakes pointed out , there should be at least some where the authors say , 'you 're right , we should have done that but we did n't ' , '' Redfield says . `` This as an entirely a 'we were right ' response , and that 's a bad sign in science . ''
Follow Erika on Twitter at @ Erika_Check
PARIS , France ( CNN ) -- French lawmakers passed a tough new measure to crack down on illegal downloading .
An MP3 music file gets downloaded through a peer-to-peer website .
The legislation would impose fines of up to 300,000 euros -- the equivalent of about $ 440,000 -- as well as possible prison terms for the illegal download of films or music .
The National Assembly , the lower house of parliament , passed the bill on Tuesday 258-131 , a day after the Senate approved it .
The first e-mails to those who infringe the new law should go out starting in January 2010 , according to the Minister of Culture .
The bill replaces a tougher version of the legislation that was rejected as being unconstitutional .
Internet piracy has become a global concern , with some musicians , authors , filmmakers and others who create content complaining that illegal downloading is essentially stealing their work .
A British government minister laid out the problem in a recent speech .
The digital age has made it easier to create content , but it 's also made it easier to copy it -- and some people who do that do so without paying a royalty to authors or musicians , said David Lammy , Britain 's minister for higher education and intellectual property in the Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills .
`` The harsh reality is that not everyone recognizes that they have a moral and legal obligation to return some of the money they generate to those who created the work , '' he said in a recent speech .
Some have advocated strict government controls , backed up by sanctions , to limit online piracy , he said , while others have suggested different approaches .
All About France
Gold News
Investors have looked back on the gold as a safe haven from which investors protect their investments against turbulent volatility .
First of all , a definition of Decoupling : Decoupling takes place when two different asset classes that typically rise and fall together move in opposing directions . The occurrence of returns on asset classes diverging from their expected or normal pattern of correlation .
If someone was thinking about investing in a decoupled way then you should consider the following graph before you do so .
As we can see , the demand is showing a bullish signal while the supply is decreasing . Actually , the demand in the 4Q increased 4 % while the supply decreased 10 % . Within demand , strong growth in investment and central banks .
As a consequence , if the tendency continues in this way , it is expected to increase the price of gold .
Wrap Up
Currently , gold is news because equities are falling hard and investors seek gold as a refuge .
Attempts to break the resistance of gold in USD 1208 suppose question its downtrend since 2013 .
The market , in the case of the graph for the S & P , has long since broken the upward trend that began in 2012 . In the end , gold honors its role of refuge from the uncertainty .
The price has been rising for several consecutive days . So what is the standard ?
Of course the metal is clearly overbought and it 's always tempting to close long after 10 days of gains . Surely this is what you do short-term traders .
The biggest question on tech web sites is , `` When will the iPhone 5 launch ? '' Apple 's next version of its popular smartphone missed the usual June/July release date , reportedly due to parts supply issues caused by March 's massive earthquake in Japan . Today , the SprintFeed.com web site has posted up the image of what is supposedly an internal memo that may show the time frame for the iPhone 5 launch .
The memo itself says , `` Due to the possibility of a major phone launch in October we are blacking out September 30 through October 15 . '' The term `` blacking out '' means that Sprint employees are not allowed to take any days off during that particular time period . As far as the unnamed `` major phone launch , '' it 's hard to imagine any smartphone other than Apple 's iPhone 5 getting this kind of treatment in a memo .
If the memo image is genuine it certainly tracks with what other reports have suggested about the launch time period for Apple 's next iPhone . It also seems to be a big hint that Sprint will indeed be the third US wireless carrier to begin selling the iPhone after AT & T and Verizon . An earlier rumor today also suggests that Sprint customers will be able to use the company 's unlimited data plan for the iPhone 5 , something that is denied for new customers at Verizon and AT & T . In the meantime the rumors and the guessing about Apple 's iPhone 5 launch will likely continue until Apple itself sends out one of its media invites to its expected iPhone 5 press conference .
Image via SprintFeed
Continued from Wednesday .
When talking about how super-heroes have changed , we always have to beware of nostalgia . The good old days were n't all that good , and we tend to remember the comics , television , and movies we grew up with better than they deserve to be . Even rereading ( or rewatching ) them , we tend to forgive them their faults . Plot holes we 'd see right through in current material can seem like forgivable genre traits , or even charming in their simplicity .
There 's certainly some nostalgia at work , in Moore 's description of how comics “ used to be. ” Moore says that super-heroes “ were originally in the hands of writers who would actively expand the imagination of their nine- to 13-year-old audience . That was completely what they were meant to do and they were doing it excellently. ” By “ originally , ” I do n't assume that Moore means the earliest super-hero stories of the Golden Age , although it 's not clear exactly which period he 's discussing , except that it does n't extend up to current super-hero stories .
Of course , it 's easy to poke holes in what Moore 's saying here . A lot of super-hero comics writers were collecting paychecks , not orchestrating a campaign to expand kids ' imaginations . Even with many imaginative stories , I 'm not sure this was the intent ; there 's a difference between telling trippy , mind-bending stories that young readers will like and writing material “ that was completely [ ... ] meant ” to “ actively expand the imagination. ” Also , these writers ' intent is n't the issue — and it ca n't be , since that 's both impossible to reconstruct and irrelevant compared to what they produced ( as I 've discussed ) . I also suspect most of us can think of super-hero comics , both from the Golden Age and certainly from before Watchmen , that were positively horrible and that certainly do n't seem focused on expanding a child 's imagination .
But all of this is really quibbling , because the root of Moore 's complaint is that super-heroes have n't sufficiently evolved , even as their audiences have gotten older — and that super-hero stories often pushed their readers , or reached to do new and inventive things , in ways that they do n't seem to be doing much anymore . And while this certainly is a generalization , it 's not wrong . In fact , I 've said much the same myself .
Before saying any more , I need to acknowledge that there are plenty smart and talented comics creators working today . I 'm totally sympathetic with Jason Aaron , for example , taking offense at Alan Moore 's near-complete dismissal of current super-hero comics . It so happens that I really like Jason Aaron 's work , in particular . He 's a smart and talented writer , and comics are better for him . The problem with super-hero comics has little to do with comics writers getting dumber or less talented ; if anything , one could argue the reverse , as comics get more attention and comics writers have to compete with novelists and screenwriters who have been attracted to the medium . Rather , I think the problem has more to do with comics culture — as Moore 's recent interview , however problematic his language , suggests .
In the piece linked just above , I argued that comics have won the battle for respectability but not for the reasons we wanted . Arguably , the entire point of revisionism , Watchmen included , was to elevate the super-hero genre to a mature and literary one , every bit as deserving of respect as , say , detective novels . You can say that revisionism was too dark , and you can argue that revisionism was misguided in its attempt to make super-heroes realistic . But revisionism was trying to win respectability for the super-hero genre , often experimenting radically in the process . It largely won this argument ; works like Watchmen would continue to ripple forward through time , convincing more people every year that super-hero stories could be every bit as philosophical and artistic and complex as any other genre .
Today , comics are covered not only by Entertainment Weekly but by NPR and The New York Times . Unfortunately , when the subject is super-hero comics , this coverage is mostly covered for stunts , like killing off a famous super-hero character , or as intellectual property that can be adapted into big-budget Hollywood films . News stories and college classes emphasizing the literary values of comics usually focus on non-super-hero comics , from Sandman to Persepolis . Meanwhile , super-hero coverage is far more likely to be concerned with how cool the new Thor movie was , or how fans at conventions really love these comics , or which super-hero would win in a fight… at the box office .
There 's almost nothing literary about this acceptance . Super-heroes have gained respect because they 're big business , not because they 're imaginative or even sophisticated .
Moore echoes this analysis when he says , “ Someone came up with the term graphic novel . These readers latched on to it ; they were simply interested in a way that could validate their continued love of Green Lantern or Spider-Man without appearing in some way emotionally subnormal. ” Of course , the phrase “ emotionally subnormal ” is n't a kind one , especially used by a super-hero writer who has so many fans . But the deeper point is correct : super-hero readers have largely embraced this new respect for their medium , but they have n't demanded that their super-hero comics grow up or mature in any way .
To see this , all you have to do is go to a comics convention . You 'll hear people talking about how comics are “ literature , ” and they 'll bandy about terms like “ graphic novel. ” But any of the things that are supposed to accompany being literature — like , say , being literary — probably wo n't be mentioned . “ Literature ” and “ graphic novel ” will be spoken as if they 're nothing more than verbal stickers that you can put on comics . Any comics . All comics . These words are empty ; they 're meaningless , except as a stamp of approval .
As likely as not , the very next sentence may be how awesome it was that Villain X showed up at the end of the most recent familiar corporate super-hero comic and “ kicked everyone 's ass , dude ! ”
Now , it so happens that comics are literature , and that word does n't hold any magical value for me . Scholars will discuss personal letters or email as literature . I personally have no problem saying bad art is art — “ literature ” or “ art ” is n't some special status reserved only for the best , nor for the highbrow . But what goes along with this rather democratic view is that the real debate is n't whether comics — or anything , really — are “ literature. ” It 's whether they 're good .
The issue is n't whether super-hero comics are “ literature , ” as a category , but whether they 're literary , as a value that applies to specific works . After all , that 's what most people who do use terms like “ art ” and “ literature ” as special , reserved statuses mean .
“ Literature ” ( or “ literary , ” as I 'd put it ) is n't a special status that , once earned , can be applied to everything in a certain genre or medium . It 's something that has to be earned . And earned again , for every single work . As a value judgment , of super-hero comics ' merits next to fictional works in other genres and media , literary merit is n't transferable . And it does n't rub off on everything . Just because Watchmen was an impressively literary work does n't mean Green Lantern is .
In the same way that some fans will use “ literature ” or “ graphic novel ” as a kind of hollow signifier for respectability , independent of the actual literary values of a given super-hero work , these same fans will sometimes proudly cite how super-heroes are big business now , how they 've conquered the box office , and how the entire entertainment industry has come to Comic-Con to put on a show and win the comics fans ' support . These are cited the way someone cites authorities , as if the fact that others think this must mean it 's so . But winning all the sales and mainstream attention in the world does n't say much of anything about quality .
So Moore 's not wrong that , while the respectability that comes with terms like “ graphic novel ” has been embraced by super-hero readers , this embrace has n't been accompanied by a demand from readers that their super-hero comics earn this term in any way . Rather , terms like “ graphic novel ” have become a shield through which readers can justify their fannish tastes to their friends , to their families , and ultimately to themselves .
The term “ graphic novel , ” like the revisionist movement , was originally about changing the status quo . Instead , the term 's been embraced by those seeking to justify the status quo . And indeed , to resist change .
This has a historical corollary : the graphic novel was originally meant as something special , in contrast with regular comics . Early graphic novels were pretty ambitious , not only in their format but often also in their content . The idea was to produce a novel in graphics , with complete character arcs and the kind of literary values common to novels . But as publishers increasingly repackaged old comics in book form , the distinction between these reprints and the ambitious “ graphic novels ” disappeared .
I still recall when some would defend the distinction between “ graphic novels , ” meaning work intended for this format , and “ trade paperbacks , ” meaning collected editions . But this really made no sense : “ trade paperback ” is a term ( also used in the wider book industry ) for a format , not a term for the source of the material it contains . Everyone wanted to call The Dark Knight Returns and Watchmen graphic novels , because of their quality , but these were both collections too . Eventually , monthly comics started being regularly collected and written with this in mind . And at this point , the term “ graphic novel ” essentially became synonymous with comics , and fans began to say , “ They 're not comics — they 're graphic novels. ” As if this meant that the six-issue collection of The White Goo of Spider-Man simply had to be respected the same way Watchmen or Will Eisner 's work was .
In this way , the term was drained of its original implications of literary quality , simultaneous with its employment as a signifier for precisely this .
To be continued .
Bitstamp , a EU-licensed digital currency exchange , is expanding its offering with the addition of Litecoin and Ethereum trading .
LTC/BTC , LTC/EUR and LTC/USD trading pairs will be launched in early June with Ethereum following shorter after . Litecoin successfully activating Segregated Witness ( SegWit ) was “ one of the key factors in our decision , ” Bitstamp said . The company added that it “ will continue to consider other digital currencies for inclusion on an ongoing basis . ”
Commenting on the announcement , Bitstamp 's CEO Nejc Kodrič , said :
“ Things are changing rapidly and we now have the fundamentals in place to give our traders all the services they 're used to , but in a safe and secure environment . Now is the right time to expand and continue giving our customers what they want . ”
Bitstamp is also testing a margin trading service , currently in closed beta , which it plans to gradually open up access in the months ahead . A new trading interface is expected to be introduced soon as well . The platform launched XRP trading in January .
With digital currencies continuing to gain in popularity , Bitstamp has experienced rapid growth and a surge in signups .
Bitcoin crossed the US $ 2,600 mark on Thursday on Bitstamp , up 38 % this week . So far this year , the price of bitcoin has more than doubled , starting 2017 at 1,000 USD/BTC . With a market capitalization of over US $ 41 billion , bitcoin is the world 's largest cryptocurrency .
Technologist and experts are attributing bitcoin 's recent surge to the increase in demand for other digital currencies sold in Initial Coin Offerings ( ICOs ) , a fundraising method used by blockchain startups that is growing in popularity .
Others cited increased economic instability in places like Russia , Nigeria , Venezuela and even South Korea where people are encouraged to turn to bitcoin because it can be a more stable way to conduct financial transactions . They expect that prices for bitcoin and other digital currencies will continue rising .
“ What we 're seeing is mainstream adoption … and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin becoming an accepted commodity for investment , ” Sheffield Clark , co-founder and CEO of Coinsource , told CBS News .
“ I also expect many countries to follow Japan 's footsteps and recognize bitcoin as a legal payment method . As the investor base broadens , there inevitably will be a bandwagon effect that will take hold . ”
The price of ether , the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network , hit an all-time high of 210 USD/ETH on Thursday , up 144 % this week , and 2,525 % since the beginning of the year .
Ethereum 's surge in popularity is coming from the corporate world where an increasing number of firms from varied sectors are looking to use the technology for smart contract applications .
A group called the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance ( EEA ) was launched earlier this year to advance Ethereum into an enterprise-grade technology and connect large firms to technology vendors . Companies involved include JPMorgan , Microsoft and Intel .
EEA 's research and development focuses on privacy , confidentiality , scalability , and security . The organization is also investigating hybrid architectures that span both permissioned and public Ethereum networks as well as industry specific application layer working groups .
On Tuesday , at the Consensus 2017 blockchain event , EEA announced the addition of 86 firms to its membership . These include Deloitte , the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ( DTCC ) , Infosys , ING , Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and Samsung SDS .
Costume designer Janie Bryant has outfitted Don , Roger , Peggy , and Joan for a full decade in Mad Men years . And as much as fashion has changed since the show 's premiere , which was set in 1960 , to the current episodes , taking place in 1970 , Bryant says that one sartorial element of the series has remained the same .
“ I like the idea of Don being rooted in these gray suits , ” Bryant told VF Hollywood on a recent phone call . “ If you think about Don , he is a country boy . He really comes from modest beginnings and had a very unhealthy childhood that was kind of riddled with alcoholism , prostitution , and abandonment . For me , I always go back to the gray suit because that is Don 's armor from himself and from the world . ”
For the final batch of episodes , which take place after Don , Roger , Joan , and the rest of Sterling Cooper 's partners sell the company to McCann Erickson for millions of dollars , Bryant says that she upgraded all three characters ' wardrobes to reflect their new bank accounts . “ Don and Roger are definitely the kind of characters who have suits made for them , ” Bryant reveals . “ These bespoke shirts and ties are very much part of the culture and illustrate the wealth that men and women had in that period . ”
Courtesy of AMC .
For Draper , played by Jon Hamm , Bryant incorporated more expensive materials . And even though the show 's leading man does not indulge in many trends , the designer revealed that Draper 's suits in the final episodes have “ slightly wider lapels , ” and to go with them , “ slightly wider ties. ” ( As Roger 's 70s-tastic mustache suggests , John Slattery 's character embraces more of the fads . ) She continued , “ Don 's suits are still very contained in the Don Draper masculine , minimal design aspect of his character. ” He is also incorporating some color into his looks with blue , striped , and maroon shirts that fall within his masculine palette . ( Colors that are off-limits for Don Draper , Bryant told us , include a muddy-brown suit , green , yellow , or any of those “ those icky colors of the period . ” )
Don and Roger 's new wealth is best displayed in the early diner scene of the semi-season 's first episode . In it , Don and Roger , both in tuxedos , entertain three gorgeous women in fur and evening gowns . Explained Bryant , “ That scene is really about Don being able to have whatever he wants , including the women he chooses . Don and Roger are out with these beautiful , gorgeous , very young women that are very fashion-forward and fabulous and beautiful and amazing . And then he wants to be with Diana ( played by Elizabeth Reaser ) —sad , destitute Diana in this dumpy diner . I think it 's an interesting story . . . it 's not about the money and the looks that one may have . It 's really about the attraction in terms of emotional capacity . ”
Bryant especially enjoyed designing for Joan , played by Christina Hendricks , who is shown indulging in her new wealth by dress shopping at a fancy boutique . As she stands in her dressing room , looking in the mirror , she is wearing an incredible black-velvet bejeweled v-neck dress with feather detail that Bryant designed herself . “ During this period , feathers were such a big part of fashion , ” Bryant explained of her motivation with this design . “ So I wanted Joan to have something that was of the moment . I love the idea of the movement that the feathers provide in that particular scene , when she is pointing to clothes and saying , ‘ I want this one . I want that one . ' That dress was all about the opulence . . . it was very expensive for Joan to buy . I wanted it to have that lushness , exotic , even hedonistic attitude . ”
Courtesy of AMC .
Bryant loved the black dress so much that she suggested to Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner that Joan wear it on her date with new flame Richard ( Bruce Greenwood ) . But Weiner had something else in mind . “ When I talked to Matt about that particular scene , he really wanted her to be in something classic and almost a little old-fashioned . Something that seemed more 1960s than 70s. ” Of the sapphire dress Joan ended up wearing , Bryant told us , “ It was made of this beautiful Chinese brocade . And then I had my tailor do the jeweling around the neckline . People have gone nuts for that dress. ” The classic design proved a stylistic counterpoint to her new , West Coast beau . “ Richard 's whole costume is about him being this retired mogul and he 's totally into California , so his costume design is very modern . ”
One new character who made a sartorial splash was Pima Ryan , the bisexual photographer played by Mimi Rogers . For the character 's impeccably tailored white suit , Bryant says that she was summoning a combination of Bianca Jagger , Tom Wolfe , and Annie Leibovitz “ I really envisioned her in the white suit , ” she said . “ That was about creating this androgyny for that character . She is a real mover and shaker . It was n't about her liking men or women . . . it was about her getting the job done . She is a real manipulator . So it was about creating that aura for that . ”
For last Sunday 's episode , Bryant was able to explore the more far-out designs of the early 70s with clothes for Glen , the Draper 's former neighbor who has been harboring a crush on Betty for some time now . “ I love the idea of Glen being almost a hippie in a way . . . of him being a part of the counterculture and enlisting to go to Vietnam . It 's like you can almost imagine him in the barber chair getting his hair and sideburns buzzed off . I love that Glen comes to the house and he really is a teenager of the times with his blue jean shirt and his bell-bottom jeans . ”
Courtesy of AMC .
On the opposite end of the style spectrum is Peggy Olson , played by Elisabeth Moss . Bryant tells us excitedly how after seven seasons , the costume designer finally stumbled upon a suit that perfectly encapsulates Peggy 's fashion sense . The ensemble Bryant spoke of is worn during Peggy and Joan 's uncomfortable meeting with lewd McCann men about a pantyhose account . “ That is a vintage suit and it 's actually a dress . . . the bodice of the dress is polka dot and the skirt is plaid . For me that is the perfect Peggy garment if there ever was one . It 's got plaid , it 's got polka dots , it 's got a bow at the neck . That is Peggy wrapped up in one package. ” The new wardrobe addition is also practical for the character : “ Peggy usually gets a new suit with each season . So that was totally realistic that she would have a new suit . ”
Reflecting on finding Peggy 's final suit , Bryant conceded that she is still in disbelief about Mad Men 's forthcoming conclusion . “ I ca n't believe this show is going to be something of the past as opposed to the present or the future , ” she said . Speaking for all of us , she added , “ I 'm not ready for it to end . ”
Get Vanity Fair 's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood . E-mail Address Subscribe
Oct. 16 , 2017 , 6:54 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 16 , 2017 , 6:54 PM GMT / Source : Reuters By Reuters
MANCHESTER , N.H. — Since fleeing deadly violence in Indonesia two decades ago , Meldy and Eva Lumangkun built a life in suburban New Hampshire and raised four children , their illegal status long tolerated by U.S. immigration authorities .
But when they showed up at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Manchester in August for their regular check-in , they were told to buy one-way tickets back to Indonesia and get out of the United States in two months .
`` We are afraid to go home . We fear for the safety of our children , '' Meldy Lumangkun said after an October meeting with ICE officials in Manchester . `` Here our children can live safely . ''
Demonstrators gather outside a federal building where ethnic Chinese Christians who fled Indonesia and overstayed their visas in the U.S. must check-in with immigration officials in Manchester , New Hampshire , on Oct. 13 . BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
The Lumangkuns are among about 2,000 ethnic Chinese Indonesian Christians who fled to New Hampshire to escape rioting in Southeast Asia 's biggest economy that killed about 1,000 people in 1998 at the height of Asia 's financial crisis .
They are also among tens of thousands of illegal immigrants in the United States now facing possible deportation after the Trump administration moved to reopen cases of people who , like the Lumangkuns , had been given a reprieve under past administrations .
During his presidential campaign , Donald Trump said he would purge the country of millions of illegal immigrants . Since he moved into the White House in January , immigration arrests have tripled since the start of the year to an average of 142 people a day , though actual deportations are down from the rate under Trump 's Democratic predecessor , Barack Obama .
Demonstrators talk to ethnic Chinese Christians who fled Indonesia in Manchester . BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
The Lumangkuns and other Indonesian Christians in New Hampshire say they fear religious discrimination or violence if they return to Indonesia .
Resented for their wide control over trade and business , and suspected of loyalty to China , Indonesian-Chinese have often been the target of racial discrimination in Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country . In 1998 , rampaging mobs targeted Chinese-owned businesses and in some cases killed and raped Chinese-Indonesians , forcing hundreds to flee the country .
Most of the Indonesians now facing deportation entered the United States legally , often on tourist visas , but overstayed them . They then failed to apply for asylum within a year of entering the country , a deadline many were unaware of , according to immigrants , as well as advocates and attorneys . They only later tried to seek legal status , and the ones now facing deportation failed .
Sen. Maggie Hassan , D-N.H. , hugs demonstrators outside a federal building where ethnic Chinese Christians who fled Indonesia must check-in with immigration officials . BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
Under the terms of a deal negotiated with ICE in 2012 with the help of U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , the group was allowed to remain in the country if they surrendered their passports and appeared for regular check-ins set on varying schedules by ICE .
Beginning in August , members of the group including the Lumangkuns , were told to prepare to return home , a tougher line that ICE officials said was aligned with an executive order signed by Trump on Jan. 25 overturning many Obama-era immigration policies . Under the new guidelines , while criminals remain the highest priority for deportation , almost anyone in the country illegally is a potential target .
`` The executive order that President Trump signed in January changed everything , '' said ICE spokesman Shawn Neudauer .
`` It 's Very Stressful ''
Many of the couples facing deportation have children , said Sandra Pontoh , pastor of the Madbury Maranatha Indonesian Fellowship in Madbury , New Hampshire .
`` It 's very stressful , '' said Jacklyn Lele , 37 , who said she fled to the United States in 2006 after her brother was killed in the 1998 violence .
`` My son does not really want to go over there , he keeps saying ' I 'm American , ' '' Lele said as the 7-year-old boy restlessly played with a mobile phone .
The group is clustered in New Hampshire 's seacoast region , where they have found work in small factories and raised families , enjoying life in the quiet , bucolic state . Some serve as church pastors .
`` They are filling jobs that are important , '' Shaheen , a Democrat who has served in the Senate since 2009 , said in a phone interview . `` Replacing them is not easy . ''
The local Foster 's Daily Democrat newspaper condemned the move to deport the New Hampshire group in an August editorial .
`` Neighbors who have worked hard and followed the rules should n't be kicked out of the country , '' wrote the newspaper 's editorial board , which despite the 144-year-old paper 's name rarely leans liberal . `` Neighbors who have committed no crime should not suddenly 'disappear ' into ICE detention . ''
Demonstrators hold a vigil outside the federal building in Manchester . BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
The ethnic Chinese community accounts for less than 5 percent of Indonesia 's population , but has raised its profile in recent years and owns many of the country 's biggest conglomerates .
The governor of Jakarta , a member of the same Chinese-Christian minority in the New Hampshire cases , was jailed for two years in May after being found guilty of blasphemy against Islam . His trial followed mass Islamist-led rallies and sent shockwaves through the secular state whose constitution protects religious freedom and diversity , though 85 percent of its people are Muslim .
Indonesia has not seen a repeat of violence on the scale of the 1998 rioting , though there have been some forced church closures and isolated attacks on places of worship .
Two Groups
Under the 2012 deal with U.S. immigration authorities , some 69 Indonesians living in New Hampshire were allowed to stay . A similar cluster of 45 Indonesian Christians now live in New Jersey under terms of a similar deal independently negotiated and are also facing deportation .
ICE officials said they had no estimate of how many people could be affected , but 41,854 people nationwide without criminal histories are covered by so-called orders of supervision that require illegal immigrants to check-in regularly with authorities as a condition for staying in the country .
The New Hampshire removals have been temporarily halted by a U.S. magistrate judge in Boston , after a lawsuit filed late last month on behalf of 47 of the Indonesian immigrants .
The New Hampshire cases have drawn the support of other Democratic elected leaders , including U.S . Senator Maggie Hassan and Representative Carol Shea-Porter .
Shaheen says she believes the group 's regular check-ins made them easy to target .
`` It 's totally inconsistent with American values , '' said Shaheen . `` This is a country that was born of people that were fleeing religious persecution . ''
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
Two former Kansas attorneys general urged voters Monday to retain all five members of the Kansas Supreme Court on the Nov. 8 ballot and take a stand against politicization of the state 's top appellate court .
Republican Bob Stephan and Democrat Steve Six said advocates of dispatching Justices Caleb Stegall , Lawton Nuss , Marla Luckert , Carol Beier and Dan Biles were intent on undermining the judicial branch 's authority .
Supporters of purging at least four justices — Stegall is the lone appointee of Gov . Sam Brownback — have expressed frustration with Supreme Court decisions on school finance , capital punishment and abortion cases .
`` For the past 60 years , Kansas voters have retained our justices who were selected through a merit system and who have served the state so well , '' said Stephan , attorney general from 1979 to 1995 . `` This year , the courts are under attack with misleading accusations . ''
Six , who served as attorney general from 2008 to 2011 , said Supreme Court justices in recent years had been the target of impeachment threats and a flurry of GOP-sponsored bills designed to draw power to the executive and legislative branches .
`` It 's a power grab to try to replace a well-functioning court with one that would bend to the will of the other branches of government , '' Six said . `` Allow our justices to remain fair and impartial and make rulings based on the law , not on political opinions . ''
Six is a lawyer in private practice , specializing in business law , and Stephan said he retired several months ago .
No Supreme Court justice has been thrown off the bench through the process of statewide retention voting .
The seven current justices were among applicants vetted by a nominating commission that forwarded three names to a governor responsible for the final pick . If justices are ousted in November by simple majority votes , Brownback would be responsible for choosing from among finalists picked by the commission to fill vacancies .
For the first time , organizations with deep pockets are running campaigns for retention and ouster of justices .
A coalition of organizations that includes Kansans for Life and Kansans for Justice , affiliated with families of people killed in cases prompting death sentences , have been working to remove justices . Neither of these groups , aligned with Brownback , could be reached for comment . They are attempting to convince voters to retain Stegall , the governor 's appointee , and vote out the four others appointed by Republican and Democrats before Brownback took office .
`` It 's pretty frustrating to pass pro-life laws and not see them enforced , '' said Mary Kay Culp , executive director of Kansans for Life .
Six and Stephan lauded work of the five justices and specifically paid tribute to the judicial contributions of Stegall .
`` He has a great reputation , '' Stephan said . `` His opinions are well thought out . The other members of the court respect him . I do n't think it 's an issue , because we have a fair and impartial system . ''
Kansans for Fair Courts , which hosted the news conference with Stephan and Six at the Kansas Judicial Center in Topeka , is leading the effort to retain the justices . The advocacy organization does not differentiate among members of the court up for retention votes and seeks to keep all on the bench .
`` We are blessed in Kansas , '' Stephan said in regards to professionalism of justices on the Supreme Court . `` I do n't agree with them all the time , but that does n't have anything to do with whether you 're being fair . ''
He did n't mention the 2006 experience of Nuss , who was formally admonished by the Commission on Judicial Qualifications for violating three provisions of the state 's judicial code of conduct . He was disciplined for meeting privately with two state senators and talking to them about issues related to a school-finance lawsuit pending before the court .
Six said routine ouster of Supreme Court justices based on political whim would deter the brightest lawyers from applying for vacancies .
`` If you 're going in for heart surgery , you do n't want to throw the operating team with decades of experience out in favor of some new folks grabbed and put into office . This is a tested , seasoned and well-educated court that gets it right almost all the time , '' Six said .
Unlike the Inuit and the Métis , Status Indians do not pay taxes on the reserve . All three classifications have access to programs and benefits , but Status Indians also have rights and benefits defined in the Indian Act and the Treaties .
King listed a few perks that come with the First Nation designation . For instance , the status card can be used instead of a passport to cross the border within North America . She said there 's also a gas card that allows 14.7 cents off every litre on the reserve .
Those who fall under the category , can use their status card to allow them to be exempt from paying provincial tax on items at a store off the reserve . That particular benefit can come with racist undertones , or , what King calls , `` the look '' from some .
She recalled an encounter at a popular retail chain where she presented her card and asked for
an exemption . The clerk turned and called out in an irritated tone , `` Suzy , I 've got an Indian over here , do you know how to take the tax off of of them ? ''
Though the anecdote is from the past , King said the same treatment continues today .
`` We we put out card down and people do n't understand why we have this card and what the rights and benefits that go with it , that 's what we still experience today – on a regular basis , '' she added .
In order to provide context for the lecture , King presented a film called No Turning Back : The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples before speaking to attendees .
The poignant film documented the Commission as it visited aboriginal communities in the 1990s and heard concerns on issues such as land claims , past residential schools and aboriginal people in prisons , to name a few .
While the credits rolled , King broke the silence in the room by stating that only two of the 16 recommendations made have been implemented : National Aboriginal Day ( proclaimed in 1996 ) and the Apology , made by Prime Minister Stephen Harper in 2008 on behalf of the Canadian government in regards to the historic treatment of aboriginal children in residential schools .
Given some of the past horrors experienced by First Nations people that often go ignored in the classroom , King 's parting words called for a completely revised and comprehensive history of Canada that is mandatory in schools .
$ 100 Bills Dropped Around SF by Anonymous Real Estate Magnate — The Bold Italic — San Francisco
The Bold Italic Editors Blocked Unblock Follow May 23 , 2014
By Jennifer Maerz
This morning we got what 's probably the strangest tip ever at The Bold Italic : an anonymous person emailed in to say that they 'd launched a campaign just last night where they 're hiding cash all over San Francisco , including outside our office . “ This will continue indefinitely . There is nothing commercial behind this . It is a social experiment , ” they wrote . “ Our Twitter page will show people where the money is hidden . There are a few hundred dollars hidden last night already , and this will continue . We have two $ 100 bills hidden and some $ 20s. ” The person said they 'd hit five spots last night and added a link to a Twitter account , @ Hidden Cash , which shows photos of $ 100 bills being tucked under the key box at Yoga to the People and in an “ abandoned phonebox ” next to Sightglass .
Of course we thought this was some kinda crank campaign . But on the off chance that there is a generous benefactor hiding cash around town , I thought , what the hell — and wrote Hidden Cash back with some questions . They said they 'd rather not give their name , but that they made a lot of money in Bay Area real estate . “ I just made half a million dollars flipping one house , ” they wrote . Although they claim to have given generous amounts of money and volunteer hours to charities like East Palo Alto Kids Foundation , and local food banks like the SF Food Bank , Second Harvest Food Bank , and Loaves and Fishes , as well as to international aid organizations such as Kiva , they are concerned with the huge wealth inequality in the Bay Area , and this random money-planting campaign is a way to playfully experiment with changing that .
“ I 've made millions of dollars the last few years , more than I ever imagined , and yet many friends of mine , and people who work for me , can not afford to buy a modest home in the Bay Area , ” they wrote . “ This has caused me quite a bit of reflection . I am determined to give away some of the money I make , and in addition to charity , to do it in fun , creative ways like this . ”
Hidden Cash plans to continue dropping bills around the city ( and teasing the locations on Twitter ) once or twice a week , “ with no end in sight. ” They added that the more followers they get , the more cash they 'll tuck into spots around town , and although the focus will be in San Francisco , they 're considering expanding the experiment to Oakland and San Jose as well .
“ This is my way of giving back to the community and also having fun . [ I ] was just kicking around ideas with a friend yesterday and we decided to start hiding a bunch of cash in different places around the city , ” they said , adding , “ The bigger idea is just to give back , both financially and a sense of fun to the community that has made me wealthy . ”
As proof that this campaign is n't a prank , Hidden Cash gave me the two Hayes Valley locations where they hid the cash . “ Unless someone took it , there should be $ 40 on the bottom side of the bike lock outside 34-Page St. , ” they wrote . “ There 's also money at Page and Octavia in an arugula pot. ” When we looked , there either was n't any cash in the first place — or someone else grabbed it before we got there . Either way , I 'm really hoping this Hidden Cash experiment is for real .
Follow the money and fun at Hidden Cash .
UPDATE : Since we broke this story on Friday , we 've been contacted to do interviews with the BBC in London and CTV National News in Canada , and the story has been reposted on the Huffington Post , Engadget , and CNN Headline News . Hidden Cash 's Twitter following has jumped from less than 50 at the time our story ran to over 150,000 followers — including an Oakland copycat , who emailed us yesterday , looking to get in on the game .
Photo from Hidden Cash
Got a tip for The Bold Italic ? Email us at tips @ thebolditalic.com .
Thomas Austin is a man in history that does not receive enough mention . It is not due to heroic bravery or intelligence that Austin made it into the history books ; on the contrary , his selfish longing for his old hunting ritual has plagued Australia for more than a century . It is his foolhardy decision that lands Austin in the history books . Thomas Austin , a member of the Victorian Acclimatisation Society , could not have been more wrong when he stated :
“ The introduction of a few rabbits could do little harm and might provide a touch of home , in addition to a spot of hunting. ” [ 1 ]
In a moment of envy and gluttony , Thomas Austin set in motion a plan to provide himself hunting game and , at the same time , provide Australia with the biggest pest problem it has ever seen .
In 1859 Thomas Austin wrote to his brother and asked for twenty-four ( 24 ) rabbits . These rabbits were released on Austin 's property and they did what rabbits do best—reproduce . As Austin had already hunted and scared away the rabbits ' main predators , the rabbit population was allowed to grow exponentially .
While one might think that “ exponentially ” is an exaggeration , in this instance , I assure you it is n't . Looking at statistics across the years , it is astonishing the way in which the rabbits plagued Australia .
In 1866 , just a few years after Thomas Austin brought his original rabbits to Australia , there were over 14,000 rabbits shot on Austin 's estate alone . By the 1940s , it was estimated that the rabbit population was as high as 800 million . Not only did the rabbits multiply on Austin 's property , but they migrated . By 1900 , the rabbits had spread out 3,000 miles away from Austin 's estate . The rabbits continued to spread and it is currently estimated that they have affected and infiltrated over 1.5 million square miles of Australian land . In all history , the rabbits of Australia hold the record of being the fastest of any colonizing mammal .
While the colonization of mammals is impressive , it was detrimental to Australia 's economy and environment . Still , to this day , the Australian government and private citizens spend millions of dollars suppressing ( and exterminating ) the rabbit population .
In the late 1800s the Australian government passed numerous laws to combat the overwhelming rabbit population : one of these said laws was the 1883 Rabbit Nuisance Act . One of its previsions was that children could receive six months in prison for letting loose a tame rabbit ! When shooting and poisoning of rabbits was n't enough , the Australian government built a lengthy rabbit fence–it has been added to , and now totals 2023 miles .
Through the 1900s the population diminished numerous time , however , it never failed to come back each time . In the 1950s , due to the introduction of myxomatosis , the rabbit population dwindled down to 5 % of its original size . This 5 % resiliently came back and re-populated the nation . In 1996 , the Australian government stared using a controversial calicivirus–inappropriately termed the “ final solution ” –to kill off the rabbit population . The Australian Environmental Management Authority reports that the rabbit population is decreasing , however , there are still plague conditions throughout parts of Australia .
Australian Rabbit Propaganda
The Foundation for a Rabbit-Free Australia claims that :
“ The wild European rabbit is Australia 's most widespread and destructive pest animal . It causes extensive damage and further threatens our primary industries , biodiversity , and social values . ”
They are n't wrong–especially in regards to biodiversity .
Between the years of 1906 and 1936 , rabbits destroyed all three species of parrots and twenty-three of the twenty-six ( 23/26 ) tree species found on an island off the southern coast of Australia . In other areas of Australia it is estimated that 66-75 % of the native mammal species have vanished due to the rabbit infestation .
I 'm not one to rejoice or embrace those who would change customs and traditions , however , I do n't blame those that move to expel the rabbit from its traditional Easter role . In place of the rabbit , many celebrate with the Easter Bilby ( pictured below ) .
While Thomas Austin does have a page in Wikipedia–and a place in history–it does n't surprise me that his biography consists of approximately 300 words . Jerk…
Daniel Ricciardo : Third fastest on Friday
Daniel Ricciardo says he “ definitely feels more confident ” in his Red Bull after setting the third fastest time on the opening day of practice for the Chinese GP .
Ricciardo ended the second session at Shanghai International Circuit just over a second slower than pacesetter Lewis Hamilton and fractionally ahead of his former team-mate Sebastian Vettel .
The Australian has been running a low downforce set up to give himself a speed boost on the track 's 1.1km back straight – the longest on the calendar – which might suggest his car will have less grip elsewhere .
Yet speaking afterwards he said that upgrades to his RB11 – which also features a “ more aggressive ” Renault power unit this weekend - are making a real difference .
“ It was definitely a positive day for us . We did more laps and more understanding with those laps . I think on both tyres , also short and long runs we 're pretty happy , ” Ricciardo said .
“ We had new parts on the car ; they all seem to work , so that 's good for now . I definitely feel more confident . Even my satisfaction when driving the car this afternoon : I felt the grip ; I really feel the improvements that the car 's made , so that 's always nice .
“ I 'm positive it can be a good weekend . ”
Team-mate Daniil Kvyat was sixth fastest , although the Russian 's session was cut short when a brake failure caused him to lose control and damage his car 's nose .
Ricciardo might be optimistic , yet he also voiced caution when asked whether Red Bull - who have underperformed so far this season - might be able to move closer to the front of the pack .
`` Today looked good but I do n't want to jump to conclusions yet , ” he added . “ We look closer . I 'd still think that Mercedes for sure are quicker and Ferrari as well at the moment are a small step ahead . But I think we 've closed that step a bit .
`` We seem to be a bit quicker than Williams at this stage . But they always seem to come on a bit stronger on Saturday .
`` For now we seem to be the third best team and we 're trying at least to hold that . ''
Friberg : We 're gon na show that we 're the best team in the world
avTobias Lundgren
E-SPORT 12 augusti 2014 10:29
Ninjas in Pyjamas looking to bounce back after their tournament slump
Ninjas in Pyjamas .
They 've underachieved and their form has been questioned by the community .
But Ninjas in Pyjamas are n't gon na let the latest streak of bad results weigh them down .
Now they 're looking forward to ESL One where they plan to show the world that they 're still # 1 .
– We get really psyched when people say that we suck , says Adam ” Friberg ” Friberg .
READ THE SWEDISH VERSION HERE
Within the CS : GO community , there are few teams that are discussed as often and as intensively as Ninjas in Pyjamas . The victory machine , now celebrating two years as a team , won just about everything during their first year together . That was , up until the fall of 2013 when the slump started . Since then , NiP : s major victories at live tournaments can be counted on one hand ( Copenhagen Games 2014 , Dreamhack Summer 2014 , Irongaming RTX 2014 ) . And even though they 've been a top three team in basically every event attended , their future has been debated after each tournament that has n't ended with them winning . So when they just the other week put up their worst effort yet , finishing 5th at Gfinity in London , many saw that as a sign that the true glory days of NiP were over . The site HLTV.org went as far as to say that the team is ” in serious trouble ” .
” Our stats were because of the vacation ”
But within the team , panic is nowhere to be found . That is , atleast , if you were to believe Adam ” Friberg ” Friberg who claims the players have already analyzed what went wrong at their last tournament .
– We came off a three week vacation without bootcamping and I can easily say that our stats at Gfinity was because of that . We usually have a two-three week preparation period and now we only had four days . We could n't reach our potential at all , he says .
How did you discuss the event within the team after the fact ?
– We 've talked about how we were n't good enough individually , but also that the teamplay was n't working . People had forgotten some stuff . Now , we 've gone through all those things we thought we knew but might have forgotten . It takes some time to go through all our setups and stuff like that . But mostly , we try to get our game together so that everyone can help eachother all of the time . Plus , we 've looked into some new things to have up our sleeves at ESL One .
” Maybe we thought we 're better than we are ”
He openly admits that after Dreamhack Summer , the team has n't been practicing the way they should .
– I think it has to do with us being too comfortable and maybe thinking we 're better than we really are . We 've had to change our mentality coming into ESL One because at Gfinity we realized that we might not be as good as we think . You ca n't come back after a long vacation and expect to jump right in to a top spot . You have to put some effort into it even though we 've been together for so long .
After the setbacks at ESEA and Gfinity , NiP has once again focused hard on bootcamping . And Friberg claims that the latest results have only made them more motivated .
– I have a good gut feeling and we 're really calm now . Since Gfinity we 've been more psyched than ever . It was really a wakeup call .
” Should n't have a problem with them ”
Their first opponents at ESL One will be Indian team MTS Gamegod Wolf . A team that probably no one in Cologne has kept track of . But all things considered , they should prove to be an easy start for NiP .
– We should n't have a problem with them ... I think . We do n't know anything about them so we do n't know what to expect .
On paper it looks like the weakest team in the tournament . How important is it for you to come into the competition with what looks like an easy first win ?
– It 's always good to enter a tournament with a win , to start rolling . So you get the feeling that ” now it has started ” and you get your game tempo up . To be seeded against the easiest opponent first feels good for us .
And looking at the rest of the group , what are your thoughts ?
– We 're preparing to face both Hellraisers and Epsilon . The group actually feels tough because we 've had problems against Hellraisers before and have faced them an extreme amount of times . Epsilon beat us at Gfinity and when they get their game going they 're really strong , with lots of young talent . On a good day they can beat anyone . Richard ” Shox ” Papillon is an extremely good player .
Expecting upsets in Cologne
Besides looking at his own group , Friberg 's thoughts are about the same as former rival Jonathan ” Devilwalk ” Lundbergs : The CS : GO scene has become incredibly hard to predict since the gap between teams has closed considerably .
– I think we 're goona see a lot of upsets since the teams have reached a level where anyone can beat anyone . It would n't surprise me if a top team is eliminated at an early stage . I think we benefited from attending Gfinity so we could get to know more teams instead of coming straight from a vacation into ESL One .
What 's it like playing in a team where you get flamed as soon as you do n't win ?
– We get really psyched when people say that we suck . We 've always been a winning team and that 's what we were created to be . People think we 're bad now and have to change players or whatever , but within the team we 're all really eager to show that we 're still the world 's best team . That 's what we believe and we 're gon na show it in Cologne .
12 augusti 2014 10:29
We actually , we all sent mail to each other , going , `` Who 's Tim Cook meeting with ? Is he meeting with you ? I 'm not meeting with Tim Cook . '' So we 're ... it 's one of those rumors that was stated so factually that we were actually confused .
No one here was meeting with Tim Cook or with anybody at Apple that day . I wish we were ! We have a long list of things we 'd love to see Apple do to support games and gaming better . But no , we did n't meet with Tim Cook . He seems like a smart guy , but I 've never actually met him .
Apple CEO Tim Cook did n't visit Valve headquarters according to company co-founder Gabe Newell . The rumor , originally reported by AppleInsider , was squashed by Newell in a podcast interview.Video game website Kotaku had a preview of the podcast from Seven Day Cooldown that included this quote : The report of the meeting between Cook and Valve executives set off a torrent of speculation about partnerships between the companies , including rumors of Valve 's Steam service integrating with the App Store or an Apple television .
The Colombian won the Italian grand tour in 2014 but has yet to win the Tour de France .
MILAN ( VN ) — Colombian Nairo Quintana remembers his first grand tour win well and says that for that reason , for the race 's charm and high Alpine passes , he wants to return to the Giro d'Italia . He may compete in 2017 but says he needs to see the route and talk with Movistar management first .
Quintana debuted in the Italian grand tour in 2014 and won the overall title . His team took him there with the idea of gaining experience after he had placed second in his Tour de France debut a year prior behind Chris Froome . He placed second again in the 2015 Tour and was third this summer . In September , he won Spain 's grand tour , the Vuelta a España .
Another attempt to win the Giro is on Quintana 's mind , however .
“ I hope soon because the Italian climbs are ones that are most suited to a climber like me , ” Quintana told Italy 's La Gazzetta dello Sport about when he might return . The newspaper began the race in 1909 , and in 2017 it will celebrate its 100th edition .
“ My next season is centered on the Tour , the only grand tour [ win ] that I 'm missing , ” Quintana said . “ But this does not mean automatically that I wo n't be at the Giro . We are waiting to see the route and then I 'll speak with the team . ”
The 2017 Giro d'Italia will begin May 5 on Italy 's Sardinia island with three stages , but the rest is unknown until the presentation October 25 . The route is expected to snake south to north , with summit finishes to the Oropa Sanctuary , the Stelvio Pass , the Pordoi Pass , and the Piancavallo ski resort in the Dolomites .
No one has won the Giro d'Italia and Tour de France in the same year since Marco Pantani in 1998 . And counting the Italian , only seven riders have done so in cycling 's history .
“ It 's certainly intriguing . But in the last years it 's been ‘ easier ' race the Giro and Vuelta at a high level , or the Tour and the Vuelta , ” Quintana said . “ The Giro demands a lot . Then racing the Tour means that you find yourself up against rivals that are all , no one excluded , at 100 percent . ”
Quintana can not stop thinking of the Giro , though . The stage to the Formigal ski resort two weeks into this year 's Vuelta reminded him of the Stelvio stage to Val Martello . In 2014 , he rode clear with a small group over the Stelvio Pass that was blanketed with snow . He won the stage and took over the pink jersey . In the Formigal stage , he and Alberto Contador of Tinkoff rode clear immediately with a group and left their rival Froome behind . Though he already had the lead , the stage paved the way to his Spanish title .
“ The Stelvio stage and Formigal stage were both ‘ locura ' [ insane ] days , ” Quintana said . “ That [ Giro ] victory had more resonance . It was the first , it showed my capacity . ”
Movistar must wait a few weeks for the Giro and Tour organizers to present their routes : the Giro in Milan on October 25 and the Tour in Paris on October 18 .
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Liu Chengliang was shortlisted for a series titled `` Bulguksa . '' Hide Caption 1 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Maoyuan Cui was shortlisted for the 2016 Sony World Photography Awards for his landscapes in Hebei province . Hide Caption 2 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Fan Li has been shortlisted twice in this year 's contest and is a previous winner at the Sony World Photography Awards . This image is part of a series documenting the life of Tajiks , an ethnic minority living in Xinjiang province in China 's far west . Hide Caption 3 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Zhe Zhu traced the origins of the Yangtze River in his project entitled `` Wind and Water , '' which has been shortlisted in the `` Environment '' category . Hide Caption 4 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Yong An He focuses on wildlife and the illegal capturing of migratory birds for profit in China . He was shortlisted in the `` Contemporary Issues '' category . Hide Caption 5 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Hui Zhang photographed Tang dynasty tombs and was nominated in the `` Architecture '' category . Hide Caption 6 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition The breeding of macaque monkeys for animal testing is exposed and explored by Li Feng , who was shortlisted in the `` Environment '' category . Hide Caption 7 of 9
Photos : Chinese photography gets greater recognition Wang Lijun was shortlisted in the `` Low Light '' open ( non-professional ) category for this atmospheric image .
Hide Caption 8 of 9
Wildfires Tied to Drought , Heat & Topography , Not Beetles
In 2012 , when the High Park Fire tore through a northern Colorado forest replete with dead trees left in the wake of a mountain pine beetle infestation , blame for the fire 's spread across 87,000 acres was often placed primarily on the beetles .
The High Park Fire , which killed one person and destroyed 259 homes , and the attention to the beetles in its wake were part of the impetus for a new University of Colorado study showing that bark beetle infestations and the dead trees they leave behind have almost no effect on the amount of land burned in U.S. wildfires each year .
A forest full of dead trees killed by the mountain pine beetle in the West . More than 4 million acres across the region have been affected by bark beetles since 1996. Credit : Tim Wilson/flickr
Instead , the biggest factors influencing wildfire spread in the West are drought , possibly influenced by climate change , higher temperatures , and topography . That 's according to the study , which was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Climate change is expected to increase the frequency and scale of wildfires as temperatures warm in the coming decades . On average , wildfires burn more than twice the acreage they did 40 years ago , while the annual number of wildfires over 1,000 acres has doubled from 50 during an average year in the 1970s to more than 100 each year since 2002 , Climate Central research shows .
At the same time , the U.S. Forest Service estimates that more than 4 million acres of forests in the West have been hit by bark beetle outbreaks since 1996 , themselves by-products of climate change and drought .
“ There is pretty convincing evidence that in our subalpine forests across the West , drought is driving when we 're having wildfire , ” the study 's lead author , University of Colorado-Boulder postdoctoral researcher Sarah Hart , said .
By superimposing maps of public lands showing both wildfire activity and forests infested with mountain pine beetles , Hart 's team studied the land area affected by both during years of recent high fire activity in the 11 Western states . The researchers found that drought was the most significant factor driving the area of land that burned in wildfires during those years .
Though bark beetle infestation and fire activity in Western forests both independently increased as temperatures rose , Hart 's team said its research shows that the annual land area burned has not increased in direct response to the bark beetle infestation .
Previous research has shown that stands of dead trees killed by bark beetles can have an effect on wildfire behavior , but that effect depends on the severity of “ fire weather , ” and the level of the bark beetle outbreak , but may have little connection to the actual land area burned in a wildfire .
Fire weather is the warm , dry , windy conditions that usually prompt the National Weather Service to issue a red flag warning .
During extreme fire weather in the West , vegetation is likely dry enough to fuel explosive burning regardless whether pine beetles have killed the trees in the path of the fire , according to the study .
The work by Hart 's team builds upon other research published in the past decade showing that bark beetle outbreaks , which may be caused in part by drought , have little effect on wildfire activity in the West .
Part of the 2012 High Park Fire burn area in Larimer County , Colo. , an area of subalpine forest that had been infested by the mountain pine beetle . Credit : USDA/flicker
Jeffrey Hicke , an associate professor of geography at the University of Idaho who co-authored previous research showing little connection between bark beetle infestations and wildfire , said the new study did not directly analyze the role of climate change in wildfire or discuss how beetles affect specific fire behavior .
“ In my opinion , this study did not address whether a beetle-affected stand has a higher probability of burning compared to a live stand , ” Hicke said via email . “ What the study did show is that beetle outbreaks are not a big effect on area burned , and that suggest that other factors are more important ( vegetation type/quantity , topography , climate weather ) , which is n't surprising . ”
It can be difficult for scientists to tease out recent effects of climate change on wildfire because forest management practices have changed in different ways across the West in recent decades , he said .
However , scientists have a good understanding of the impact climate change can have on fuel moistures , length of burning season , and other factors affecting how forests burn , so continued climate change is expected to increase the land area burned in catastrophic wildfire , Hicke said .
“ There is an incredibly strong consensus amongst many forest ecologists that it 's really drought driven by climate change events that is the key driving factor for these fire events , ” Colorado State University wildlife ecologist Barry Noon , who was a co-author of a 2012 study showing higher temperatures are driving both wildfires and the spread of bark beetles , said .
The new study is consistent with much of the previous research pointing to drought as the driving force behind catastrophic wildfire .
“ When we have warm and dry conditions , fuels dry out enough that we have widespread fire regardless that we have mountain pine beetle-kill in the forest , ” Hart said .
You May Also Like :
Antarctica 's Icy ‘ Doorstops ' Thin ; Rising Seas At Risk
Drought Weakens the Amazon 's Ability to Capture Carbon
Artificial Glaciers in India Help Drought-Hit Villages
Europe Warned Pollution Will Lead To Premature Deaths
As Mentioned in Episode 10 – The Issue that Launched the Shazamcast
If you have n't already please be sure and give Episode 10 a listen .
You can subscribe to The Shazamcast on iTunes or stream/subscribe on Stitcher .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
Here 's the cover to Action Comics Annual # 4 , Volume 1 – Living Daylights
[ “ Someone who can… go head to head with Superman ” ] Awww yeah…
It 's really inspiring the way that Superman has carried on since his right leg was amputated .
Say my name !
Pretty nice shot .
What a weird combination of Archie Comics art style and excruciating agony .
Who is this abusing Ice ? ?
That fight gave me… Super Hives .
Alternative Caption : Green-haired girl… . Schwing !
Earlier today we posted a report titled `` Apple Advances Automatic Vehicle Location Services for Parking . '' It was one of three new location based patent filings revealed today by the US Patent Office . In a third filing today titled `` Sensor-Assisted Location Fix , '' Apple describes location scenarios beyond parking and discusses location-centric problems and solutions associated with driving in urban canyons , which is a powerful image when you think of cities like New York , Hong Kong , Osaka , Beijing , Toronto , Vancouver , Chicago and others that have massive buildings in their downtown business cores .
According to Apple , their invention relates to sensor-assisted location technology . Primary location technologies , such as GPS , can be used to determine the current location ( e.g. , a location fix ) of a location-enabled device . In some instances , the primary location technology may be unreliable and/or consume more power than an alternative location technology .
Sensors , such as accelerometers , compasses , gyrometers , and the like , can be used to supplement and/or increase the accuracy of location data . For example , a location-enabled device can identify an area with unreliable GPS location data and use sensors to calculate a more accurate location .
Areas identified may be crowd-sourced . Sensors can be used to identify errors in the location data provided by primary location technology . Sensors can be used to modify a sampling interval of the primary location technology . Sensors can be used to smooth motion on a user interface between sampling intervals of the primary location technology .
Driving or Walking in Urban Canyons
In one of Apple 's more interesting scenarios for sensor-assisted location technology they discuss the problems with walking or driving in an `` Urban Canyon . '' In respect to driving , Urban Canyons can play havoc with Apple 's Maps Turn by Turn Navigation . If you 're a tourist , you sure want to know exactly where to turn in New York or any other major city where urban canyons exist . Apple dedicates a section of the patent filing to this problem .
For Apple 's patent FIG . 4 , Apple walks us through the problem of Urban Canyons . Apple notes system 400 includes a road 410 , small structures 420 , large structures 430 , and a vehicle ( e.g. , vehicle 251 ) illustrated in various progressive positions ( 450-456 ) .
A mobile device such as an iPhone may be inside of the vehicle . Although FIG . 4 illustrates a car moving through an area with unreliable location signals , the same concepts could apply to a person in another type of vehicle or a person walking through an urban canyon or similar problematic area where a primary location technology is unreliable .
When the vehicle # 450 ( shown at the very bottom of the patent figure above ) , the location of the vehicle ( or mobile device in the vehicle ) can be determined location using a primary location technology , such as GPS , cellular , WiFi , and/or time of flight location technologies . At position 450 , the vehicle and/or mobile device can still receive a reliable location signal from the primary location technology . Everything is fine in position # 451 as the vehicle approaches the urban canyon .
Then as the vehicle and/or mobile device moves further into the downtown core the road is met with large high rise which may obstruct one or more location signals . If at position 452 , only the primary location technology was used , it is possible that the location data would be inaccurate and may have a high margin of error .
In some embodiments , the precise location of the vehicle and/or mobile device at an area with unreliable location signals can be critical . For example , a right turn or a left turn may be made at the intersection . The primary location technology may not be able to determine reliably whether the vehicle and/or mobile device has turned or continued straight down the road .
In the urban canyon scenario , a more reliable location can be calculated by switching to estimation mode when a problematic area is identified as noted above .
Apple 's sensor-assisted location fix patent filing is very detailed as could be expected with such a detailed problem and there 's no magic bullet that could capture the entire solution Apple has devised into one neat paragraph . Those wanting to delve into more of the specifics can review Apple 's patent filing here .
Apple credits Devrim Varoglu as the sole inventor of this patent application that was originally filed in Q1 2013 . Considering that this is a patent application , the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time .
Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office . Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details . About Making Comments on our Site : Patently Apple reserves the right to post , dismiss or edit any comments . Comments are reviewed daily from 4am to 8pm MST and sporadically over the weekend .
Counter-Strike : Global Offensive | News
We are happy to announce Nicolai “ HUNDEN ” Petersen as newest part of our Counter-Strike : Global Offensive squad .
Already in the past HUNDEN could prove his skill as an In-game leader and played for big organisations such as SK Gaming , Reason Gaming or Tricked Esport .
Rumors already called it and now we may gladly can confirm that we 've just signed more than a player but a GOD in his profession ! From now on HUNDEN will be our IGL . May the heavens have merci with our opponents , HUNDEN wo n't . Still we would like to thank Crisby for his extraordinary services in the last two years .
– Niklas “ Sliver ” Timmermann , ALTERNATE aTTaX Dp . General Manager
Joining ALTERNATE aTTaX is big for me ! I know how big ALTERNATE is in Germany and im looking forward to play for the team ! I have been contacted by few other international teams but I wanted to create something special here with the German team . I 'm looking forward to play German LANs and show you how good the players are on this team ! # AufGehtsAttax
– Nicolai “ HUNDEN ” Petersen , ALTERNATE aTTaX CS : GO Player
Lineup :
Tizian “ tiziaN ” Feldbusch Lukas “ ecfN ” Kauer Stefan “ stfN ” Seier Florian “ syrsoN ” Rische Nicolai “ HUNDEN ” Petersen
Staff :
Media Telecon :
DISCOVERY OF MOST RECENT SUPERNOVA IN OUR GALAXY
May 14 , 2008 ( 1 p.m. EDT )
Scientists have used NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and NRAO 's Very Large Array to discover the most recent supernova explosion in our Galaxy , as measured in Earth 's time frame .
Live audio of the teleconference will be streamed online at : http : //www.nasa.gov/newsaudio
Instant replays are generally available one hour after a call ends , and will be through MAY-21-08 10:59 PM ( CT )
Toll Free :866-501-2957
Toll : 203-369-1825
A video file about the discovery will air on NASA Television on May 14 at noon and 1pm ( check the NASA TV schedule for additional times ) . NASA TV is carried on an MPEG-2 digital signal accessed via satellite AMC-6 , at 72 degrees west longitude , transponder 17C , 4040 MHz , vertical polarization . NASA TV is available in Alaska and Hawaii on AMC-7 at 137 degrees west longitude , transponder 18C , at 4060 MHz , horizontal polarization .
Panelists :
Dr. Stephen Reynolds ,
Dr. Dave Green ,
Dr. Robert Kirshner ,
Graphics :
Move cursor over
image to blink
Move cursor over
image to blink
Supplementary Graphics
Additional Information
North Carolina State UniversityUniversity of CambridgeHarvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics1985 VLA and 2007 Chandra images of the supernova remnant G1.9+0.3 , with a circle for size comparison. ( Cont 'd ) . Blink between 1985 VLA and 2007 Chandra images ( move cursor over image ) .Optical image of the plane of the Milky Way , with G1.9+0.3 labeled.1985 VLA ( radio ) and 2008 VLA ( X-ray ) images of the supernova remnant G1.9+0.3. ( cont 'd ) . Blink between 1985 and 2008 VLA images ( move cursor over image ) .Chandra images of historical supernova remnants in the Milky Way.An artist 's impression of the Milky Way with positions of historial supernovas and G1.9+0.3.A composite image of G1.9+0.3 with Chandra X-ray ( 2007 , orange ) ; VLA Radio ( 1985 , blue ) An artist 's close-up view of the supernova that caused G1.9+0.3.An animation showing a flight into the Milky Way 's center and a supernova explosion there.A movie showing a large 2MASS image , with zooms to the Galactic Center and G1.9+0.3.A Chandra X-ray mosaic of the Milky Way 's plane ( galaxy center in middle ; G1.9+0.3 is outside this two degree wide field ) .This extraordinarily deep Chandra image shows Cassiopeia A , the previous record holder for the youngest Galactic supernova remnant.Landscape photo of the Very Large Array antenna with the moon.Chandra X-ray Observatory - Spacecraft Illustration with Galactic Center Background .
Paper Title : THE YOUNGEST GALACTIC SUPERNOVA REMNANT : G1.9+0.3 ( pdf format )
Full Author List : Stephen P. Reynolds ( Department of Physics , North Carolina State University ) , Kazimierz J. Borkowski ( Department of Physics , North Carolina State University ) , David A . Green ( Cavendish Laboratory ; Cambridge , UK ) , Una Hwang ( NASA/GSFC ) , Ilana Harrus ( NASA/GSFC ) & Robert Petre ( NASA/GSFC ) .
The radio expansion and brightening of the very young supernova remnant G1.9+0.3 ( pdf format ) , David A . Green et al . 2008 , MNRAS Letters Steve Reynolds : reynolds @ ncsu.edu , 919-515-7751Dave Green : dag @ mrao.cam.ac.uk , +44 1223 337305Bob Kirshner : rkirshner @ cfa.harvard.edu , 617-495-7519
Differential Tips Gameweek 10 – Fantasy Premier League Tips
Welcome back to another Fantasy Premier League tips article . Last week contained probably our best tip of the season within these differential articles . Manchester City striker Wilfried Bony grabbed two goals and one assist along with some bonus points giving him a final score of 16 points . Elsewhere Asmir Begovic and Kurt Zouma got a nice six points whilst both Theo Walcott and Marko Arnautovic mustered a disappointing three .
We aim to bring you a list of differential players that you could consider for your teams .
Bojan 5.3m ( 1.7 % Ownership )
Kicking off proceedings this week is Stoke City 's Bojan Krkic . He 's yet to really get going in the Premier League and has only scored six league goals since his move from Barcelona last summer . This season the Spaniard started the season off on the injury table before scoring his first goal of the season in Stoke 's 2-2 draw with Leicester . Monday night was where Bojan really caught our eye , his clever trickery and footwork earned himself a penalty when Ashley Williams fouled him in the box . The Stoke man then had the confidence to step up and put the ball in the back of the net . He showed glimpses of his ability and will be hoping to put on even more of a show against Watford
Divock Origi 5.6m ( 0.2 % Ownership )
Liverpool has somewhat of an injury crisis in the striking department at this present moment . Christian Benteke and Daniel Sturridge both have a 75 % chance of playing against Southampton this weekend according to FPL whilst Danny Ings is out for the season . This leaves Origi as the most senior available striker ahead of Jerome Sinclair . The former Lille man played the full 90 minutes against Tottenham and will be hoping to score his first Premier League goal at Anfield this weekend when he comes up against Southampton .
Willian 6.8m ( 2.8 % Ownership )
Chelsea 's Brazilian winger seems to have hit a run of form and could be a fantastic differential both for this weekend and going forwards in the future . Willian now looks to be Chelsea 's free kick taker that decision has been rewarded with goals from set pieces both in the Premier League and Champions League . Against Aston Villa his awareness and sharpness allowed him to play through Diego Costa for Chelsea 's opener . This weekend will be a much more difficult game – West Ham away . The Hammers ' have started the season in fine form and are looking like a top 10 side . The creativity and flair of Willian is going to be needed if Chelsea are to grab all three points .
Yannick Bolasie 6.2m ( 4.1 % Ownership )
Crystal Palace are echoing the striker crisis that is happening at Anfield . Dwight Gayle is suspended whilst both Connor Wickham and Marouane Chamakh are out injured . This leaves two strikers available – Patrick Bamford and Fraizer Campbell . The former looks set to return to Chelsea in January do to a lack of game time and possibly a lack of trust from Alan Pardew in his ability whilst Campbell looks to be more of a impact sub this season . This obviously raises questions over who will start upfront . Earlier this season we saw Bakary Sako take that role and he could do that again this weekend . A player who is constantly in the side is Bolasie , now whilst he is a little inconsistent Palace 's encounter with Leicester this weekend makes for good reading . Claudio Ranieri 's side are yet to keep a clean sheet this season conceding 17 goals , that will be music to Bolasie 's ears who will be hoping to score a goal or two .
Christian Eriksen 8.3 ( 4.6 % Ownership )
Our final tip comes from Tottenham , Mauricio Pochettino seems to have sorted the defensive issues at Spurs leaving less onus on the Danish star to rescue them from the gutter in the dying minutes . His creativity is a massive addition to Tottenham and we do n't think there is a better freekick taker in the whole of the Premier League . This weekend Spurs travel to Bournemouth a side who are without a win in three games .
Please join us next week for another differential Fantasy Premier League Tips article .
Latin Mass in a Star Trek Chapel
World-Famous Chapel at MIT Crammed with Students
About 150 young people squeezed into the interfaith chapel at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on February 9 , some standing in the aisles and in the vestibules , for the Tech Catholic Community 's first-ever Traditional Latin Mass .
“ This chapel does not exactly fit the profile of a traditional Catholic place of worship , to put it mildly , ” said Jim Mc Glone , Harvard '15 , of JuvBos , which organized the TLM . “ Nevertheless , with some advance scouting we judged that the chapel could accommodate a Solemn High Mass , and photographic evidence now shows that this space can indeed be transformed into a beautiful and fitting place for the Mass of the ages . In the end , 150 came to that Mass , mostly students who had never seen a TLM before . ”
“ As you can see from the pictures , the sanctuary is reminiscent of the Transporter on the Starship Enterprise , ” blogged Gwyneth Holston , a Catholic artist who attended the Mass . “ The very ugliness of the building made me ache with sadness for the poor engineering students who spend their days in grey classrooms and dismal labs . It is a milieu that considers aesthetics nice but superfluous and certainly inferior to ‘ useful ' research and design .
“ The sanctuary is reminiscent of the Transporter on the Starship Enterprise . ”
“ The positive result of having mass in such a depressing space is that every detail of the Mass exuded a soothing beauty . Candles , vestments , and incense are used because of the power of their symbolic value , not because they are the most efficient materials for lighting , clothing , and perfuming . ”
The chapel was designed in the 1950 's by world-famous Finnish architect Eero Saarinen , one of the most successful practitioners of mid-20th Century Modernism . Fr . John Cassani celebrated this beautiful Solemn High Mass , and Fr . Kwang Lee delivered the homily . The Schola Amicorum led the music .
“ 150 came to that Mass , mostly students who had never seen a TLM before . ”
The Mass was made possible by Fr . Richard Clancy , MIT 's chaplain . Those interested in following JuvBos Masses and events can like them on Facebook or email juventutemboston @ gmail.com to get monthly email updates . More about Gwyneth here .
Photo credit : Luciana Milano
Original content here is published under these license terms : X License Type : Read Only License Summary : You may read the original content in the context in which it is published ( at this web address ) . No other copying or use is permitted without written agreement from the author .
Comments
comments
* As economy grows , forced evictions rise
* Lack of documents cause of land disputes
* EU concerned ; duty-free deal may be withdrawn on some produce
By Prak Chan Thul
PHNOM PENH , Sept 1 ( Reuters ) - Kong Song 's farmland was his family 's livelihood for three decades until the bulldozers moved in and tore down his home in rural Cambodia to make way for a multimillion dollar foreign-led business .
His family was one of 253 forcibly evicted five years ago in southern Koh Kong province to accommodate a $ 90.6 million sugar project by a firm lured by duty-free exports to the European Union that were designed to help the world 's poorest countries .
This is the flip side of a foreign investment boom in which the rich and powerful cash in at the expense of what rights group estimate is about 30,000 Cambodians forcibly evicted from their homes a year .
The evictions and so-called “ land grabs ” have angered donors , putting at stake hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign aid as well as a trade scheme that gives Cambodian produce tariff-free access to the European Union .
Kong Song is fighting back . He and his neighbours have filed a lawsuit against the Koh Kong Sugar Industry Ltd , a joint venture with Thailand 's Khon Kaen Sugar and Taiwan 's Vewong Corporation . But , as with most legal challenges against Cambodia 's business elite , it has gone nowhere .
“ We 're demanding that Cambodia 's development is development for all , not the kind that makes its people shed tears , ” Kong Song said during a visit to the capital Phnom Penh .
Neither Koh Kong Sugar nor Khon Kaen Sugar responded to interview requests when contacted by Reuters .
Kong Song 's story is common in Cambodia . He survived the 1975-1979 “ Year Zero ” revolution by the ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge regime and rebuilt his life , cultivating a small plot of land in the countryside .
But land ownership was abolished under the brutal regime and most legal documents were destroyed , leaving Kong Song and millions of Cambodians without title deeds .
That leaves him and others in a legal grey-zone , particularly during a wave of development led by politically connected businesses and foreign firms , mostly from China , that line up to buy up disputed land to start agriculture , mining or real estate projects .
International donors and lenders such as the World Bank have criticised the government and threatened to halt loans until a solution is found . The government 's response has been to cancel its annual meeting with donors , citing global economic uncertainty and Western countries “ mired in crisis ” .
ALARMING TREND
The trend has raised questions about whether Cambodia should be entitled to an initiative by the European Union , which allows 48 of the world 's poorest nations to export any produce other than weapons to EU states , without paying tariffs .
Foreign firms have capitalised on the deal , known as the But Arms ( EBA ) initiative , and many more are showing interest in Cambodia , including sugar , rice and rubber exporters from neighbouring Thailand .
The subsequent foreign investment has created thousands of jobs , especially in garment manufacturing , which employs 300,000 of Cambodia 's 13.4 million people and is the third-largest revenue source for its fledgling $ 11 billion economy .
It has also elevated Europe as a crucial export destination . The EU was Cambodia 's second-largest export market last year after the United States , generating some 930 million euros ( $ 1.3 billion ) up 29 percent from 2009 .
The most-recent EU data shows the revenue generated in the first five months of this year is already double that of the whole of 2010 . Rice exports are expected to swell further after doubling to 40,000 tonnes in 2010 from the previous year .
The EU 's Charge d'Affaires in Cambodia , Rafael Dochao Moreno , said tax incentives had made the country an attractive destination for investment and said the EU was “ seriously concerned ” about land disputes and evictions .
“ Thousands of families have been expelled from their land . We want the government to take the necessary steps to avoid this kind of eviction especially when they are done by force and with violence , ” he said .
Cambodia 's government needed to conduct proper consultations before granting future economic land concessions , he said , adding that certain projects could have privileges withdrawn if found to have been involved in unlawful evictions .
“ There are indeed provisions ... outlining the procedure of temporary withdrawal of certain products originating in a country benefiting from the EBA , ” he said .
Such penalties could undermine Cambodia 's efforts to position itself as one of Asia 's most-promising frontier markets and instead highlight its struggle to tame corruption .
Alexandra Herbel , head of the French-Cambodian Chamber of Commerce , said Western companies looking to do business in Cambodia were keen to “ invest correctly ” and most would avoid projects associated with disputed land or evictions .
Cambodian Commerce Secretary of State Mao Thura said steps should be taken to ensure EBA privileges were not withdrawn , but he declined to provide specifics .
“ The people who benefit from the EBA are a few million , ” Mao Thura said during a recent forum on the EBA . “ We 're not just talking only about the garment sector , millions of our people are farmers. ” ( Editing by Martin Petty and Jason Szep )
As you may have noticed , the tagline under the AVFM logo has changed . Gone is “ Humanist Counter-Theory , ” and up is “ Changing the Cultural Narrative . ”
The reason for the change is multi-faceted . One , in order to address disinformation spread in some corners of the internet , we are now making a clear statement about what AVfM 's mission is and has been since the start . There is a myth promoted at places like Return of Kings and some elements of the MGTOW community that the MHRM , specifically AVFM , is about lobbying the government for legitimacy and legal recognition . They are about as credible as the SPLC . What they say is simply not true .
AVFM 's mission focuses pretty much exclusively on changing the cultural dialogue . We have never lobbied politicians for laws , we do n't seek a “ Violence Against Men Act , ” or even changes in divorce and custody law . We admire , report on and support those undertaking such efforts but that is not the same thing as doing them . We are certain , though , that changing the cultural narrative — forcing a new dialogue — opens the door for laws to change in a positive way even if we are not interested in being an active part of that .
We do and have done quite well at what we are actually doing .
Today is a day of celebration about that very thing . The people at AVFM , both former and present , have worked hard over the past six years to tear through a part of the lace curtain in the insane cultural narrative about sex and power . We have clearly succeeded . While we can not take direct credit for the recent and massive rise in anti-feminism , we can proudly say that we , and those who have supported us , have played a clear facilitating role in the fact that feminists no longer have an unchallenged platform in the world of sexual politics . They are , in fact , being more and more seen for what they really are ; hateful , corrupt crackpots with no moral or intellectual legitimacy .
My hat is off to everyone in the MHRM , especially Team AVFM , for stellar work .
Moving past the misperceptions about the MHRM , there is another reason to clarify our mission . While there is light years ahead in actually addressing many men 's issues , our Phase One objective of kicking a hole in the door is done .
That is not a “ Mission Accomplished ” banner , dubiously strung across the deck of an aircraft carrier for the cameras . It is , however a turning point for AVFM strategically .
Now that we have established a business structure , a way to support AVfM Operations and Education , LLCs , which means the expense of running A Voice for Men , it is time for us to forge ahead with changing the narrative in more focused ways .
The tl ; dr on that is that we are refitting the AVFM ship for furthering a narrative change deeper in the culture . This primarily involves pushing into the medical and mental health establishments with vocal and forceful challenges to the gynocentrism and ideology that permeates them .
That includes the sexual mutilation of children for religious , traditional or aesthetic reasons . It also includes the upcoming mental health network for men , which I assure you will be no wallflower in the discussion of men 's mental health issues . You can expect some fireworks there .
The rise of humanitarian ( and quite strident ) non-feminism has hit the ideological community hard . Now we move deeper into their enclaves and push harder with more precision .
The AVFM platform , as is , will be a huge component of this model . You will continue to see great content and old style FTSU where needed . Our focus though is to ultimately make sure that the corrupt gynocentrism in the mental health and medical establishments is fully exposed to the light of day . That means the amount of content may sometimes ebb and flow as needs dictate .
We will do this until the percentage of those “ helping ” professionals who openly support feminism matches the abysmal numbers they are now scratching their heads over in the general population .
The time to make popcorn and watch is not quite at hand but then again it is likely a lot sooner than you think .
If you want to support that more directly please find the button for subscribing members to the top right of this page . Thanks .
“ Until the mid-1980s , green-felt table games such as blackjack and craps dominated casino floors while slot machines huddled on the sidelines , serving to occupy the female companions of ‘ real ' gamblers , ” writes Natasha Dow Schull in her 2014 Addiction By Design . Slot machines were “ often placed along hallways or near elevators and reservation desks , rarely with stools or chairs in front of them and thus “ occupied transitional spaces rather than gambling destinations . ”
Since the late 1990s , that has changed : Slot machines have “ moved into key positions on the casino floor and were generating twice as much revenue as all ‘ live games ' put together. ” They are the “ cash cows ” and the “ work horses ” of the “ gaming ” industry . Schull writes , “ In 1996 there were 500,000 devices in the United States ; in 2008 the count had reached nearly 870,000—not including an underground market of unauthorized machines in bars and taverns , truck stops , bowling alleys , and restaurants across the country , nor devices engineered to circumvent restrictions by fitting state definitions for bingo , amusement machines , or sweepstakes games. ” In 2003 , over 85 % of the gambling industry 's revenues came from slot machines .
Schull highlights several factors that contributed to the triumph of the one-armed bandit : “ Relatively unburdened by the taint of vice as a result of their association with arcade gaming , and the elderly , they played a key role in the spread of commercialized gambling in the 1980s and '90s , as recession-stricken states ( whose federal funding had been cut by the Reagan-Bush administration ) sought new ways to garner revenue without imposing taxes . The low-stakes devices fit comfortably with the redefinition of gambling as ‘ gaming ' by industry spokespeople and state officials who hoped to sway public endorsement of the activity as a form of mainstream consumer entertainment rather than a form of moral failing or predatory entrapment . The growing consumer familiarity with screen-based interaction that accompanied the rise of the personal computer and electronically mediated entertainment such as video games further facilitated the cultural normalization of machine gambling . Meanwhile , the ongoing incorporation of digital technology into gambling machines altered the player experience in subtle but significant ways , broadening their market appeal . Gambling regulations were revised in lockstep with technological innovation , sanctioning its application to slots . ”
Schull is interested in the rise of machine gambling itself , but also in what this shift in gambling reveals about Americans ' relation to machines in general . Her book is partly based on the insight that Las Vegas is perfect reflection of America , and as such , it has become , in the words of historians Hal Rothman and Mike Davis , “ a vast laboratory where giant corporations , themselves changing amalgams of capital from different sectors , are experimenting with every possible combination of entertainment , gaming , mass media , and leisure . ”
It 's also based on an understanding of how games reveal the character of a culture . She summarizes the work of various social scientists on the character of slot machines : “ For [ Roger ] Caillois , [ the slot machine ] was pure alea—an absurd , compulsive game in which one could only lose . For [ Ernst ] Goffman , it was a way for a person lacking social connections ‘ to demonstrate to the other machines that he has socially approved qualities of character ' ; machines stood in for people when there were none to engage with . ‘ These naked little spasms of the self occur at the end of the world , ' he wrote of machine gambling in the very last line of his analysis , ‘ but there at the end is action and character . ' [ Clifford ] Geertz described slot machines as ‘ stupid mechanical cranks ' operated by concessionaries at the outer circumference of the cockfight circle , offering ‘ mindless , sheer-chance-type gambling ' that could be of interest only to ‘ women , children , adolescents . . . the extremely poor , the socially despised , and the personally idiosyncratic . ' ‘ Cockfighting men , ' he continued , ‘ will be ashamed to go anywhere near [ the machines ] . ' In other words , the devices were not a medium through which to become ‘ a man among men , ' as Dostoyevsky had written of roulette ; unlike the ‘ exquisitely absorbing ' affaire d'honneur of deep play , slot play was shallow , without depth of meaning , investment , or consequence . Incapable of illuminating the fundamental ‘ sociological entity , ' Geertz wrote . ”
From her interviews with machine players , Schull discovered that they were not after a quick buck , control , or change : “ their aim is not to win but simply to continue. ” And they want to continue in “ a zone in which time , space , and social identity are suspended in the mechanical rhythm of a repeating process. ” The suspension of time , space , and identity is not an unfortunate side effect . It is the point of the game . One of her interviewees said , “ You can erase it all at the machines – you can even erase yourself . Schull sees this not as a desire to get something for nothing but as a desire for “ nothingness itself. ” Another interviewee spoke of the machine as a zone of bliss “ where nothing else matters. ” The machine provides “ a reliable mechanism for securing a zone of insulation from a ‘ human world ' ” that is experienced “ as capricious , discontinuous , and insecure . The continuity of machine gambling holds worldly contingencies in a kind of abeyance , granting her an otherwise elusive zone of certainty. ” A psychologist who has studied gambling addictions notes that players speak of “ numbness or escape . They do n't talk about competition or excitement—they talk about climbing into the screen and getting lost . ”
This is where Schull finds our addition to other machines worrisome : “ “ Although interactive consumer devices are typically associated with new choices , connections , and forms of self-expression , they can also function to narrow choices , disconnect , and gain exit from the self. ” She asks whether the addictive power of machines is due to the tendencies of the addict , the design of the machine , or the interaction of the two , and concludes that “ Just as certain individuals are more vulnerable to addiction than others , it is also the case that some objects , by virtue of their unique pharmacologic or structural characteristics , are more likely than others to trigger or accelerate an addiction . Their distinctive potency lies in their capacity to engender the sort of compelling subjective shift on which some individuals come to depend. ” One researcher concludes “ The most reliable , fast-acting and robust ‘ shifters ' hold the greatest potential to stimulate the development of addictive disorders , ” and gaming machines are nothing if not robust , fast-action , reliable “ shifters , ” providing “ games ” that can be completed in a few seconds .
And these effects are n't accidental , but are built into the design of the machines . A team led by Bruno Latour “ have conceptualized design as a process of ‘ inscription ' whereby designers inscribe certain modes of use into the products that consumers will interact with ; the resulting products carry ‘ scripts ' that inhibit or preclude certain actions while inviting or demanding others . ‘ By setting the parameters for the users ' actions , ' a given product – and by implication , its design team – plays a role in guiding their behavior . ' ”
In “ Chapter Fifty-Two ” of CW 's Jane the Virgin , one last desperate quip in support of Hillary Clinton was randomly inserted into a conversation about Jane 's husband Michael 's ( Brett Dier ) new ambition to be a stand-up comedian .
Michael quit his job as an investigator for the police department because he was reassigned to desk duty after failing the physical examination upon his return to work after a gunshot wound . He settles on the idea of being a stand-up comedian , justifying the career choice when some colleagues laugh at some of his jokes . Naturally Jane ( Gina Rodriguez ) is worried he will fail . She seeks advice from her mother , Xo ( Andrea Navedo ) and her abuela Alba ( Ivonne Coll ) .
Mr. Bee , a hand puppet used to entertain baby Mateo , appears throughout the episode as the voice of Jane 's conscience . Mr. Bee reminds the viewer that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote in the 2016 election and her slogan “ I 'm with her ” was used as the path for that zinger .
Jane : Should I get him to postpone ? Practice more ? I just do n't want him to fall on his face after all he 's been through lately . Xo : If he fails , he fails . He 's a big boy , he can handle it . Mr. Bee : I 'm with her . Latin lover narrator : I was , too ... Along with the rest of the popular vote . Bee : Be supportive . No meddling , missy .
Oh , how clever . Use the silly child 's hand puppet , Mr. Bee , to deliver the remark for Hillary Clinton . Hillary won the popular vote and the leftists in Hollywood will no doubt work it into every show possible , even though the national popular vote has nothing to do with how the United States elects its president .
It should be also noted that Gina Rodriguez was a vocal and active Hillary Clinton supporter – a part of the Hollywood crowd that was unable to deliver the victory for Clinton , so it should have been expected . Rodriguez also attended the Los Angeles Women 's March over the weekend while wearing a shirt that said , `` Torch Your Bra , '' and tweeted `` Si se puede , '' which is a famous activist slogan that Obama used in his campaign - `` Yes We Can . ''
She must have gotten some pushback for her lefty activism , because earlier today she bemoaned `` the pain '' and how `` devastating '' it is when people tell her to shut up and sing .
And you ca n't imagine the pain it causes an actor to be told , do n't speak on politics just act ! Like wtf ! It 's devastating . https : //t.co/Vqf8gnuSS0 — Gina Rodriguez ( @ HereIsGina ) January 23 , 2017
Poor Gina ! I think I can hear the world 's tiniest violin playing for the millionaire celebrity . She 's just discovered that half the country is not `` with her . '' How sad !
Modest Mouse is an easy band to take for granted . Emerging from the Pacific Northwest twenty years ago , it 's perhaps tempting to consider them just another “ indie rock ” band buoyed by Nirvana 's lucky break . Like Yo La Tengo , Modest Mouse almost immediately transcended such a pejorative tag , plotting a course weird , wonky , and refreshingly sui generis , earning them legions of fans despite significant odds . With at least two undisputed classics to their name , and neither of them including their great , unlikely hit “ Float On , ” Modest Mouse are practically overachievers .
Initially taking cues , like many of their contemporaries , from the recently disbanded Pixies , Modest Mouse quickly distinguished themselves with brazen , unabashed jammy tendencies ( their albums frequently made full use of the CD 's 80-minute capacity ) , taut , slinky bass lines , and a general indifference to ( or ignorance of ) what was hip . Frontman Isaac Brock would regularly cite the Chieftains and the Dirty Dozen Brass Band as influences — not exactly indie rock references du jour . Even the band 's ‘ cool ' influences seemed somehow misguided ; these were guys who probably only enjoyed the Bastards disc of Tom Waits 's Orphans box set . You know , the one with all the sheet metal noises and weird poems and stuff .
Lyrically , Brock 's gift is for providing food for stoned thought . Often mixing willful naiveté with astute observations on space , nature , and class struggles , he personifies the too-smart-for-his-own-good wiseass on the playground teaching all the other kids about autopsies and orgies . In his songs , Brock assumes a position of great duality : geography-obsessed but preciously provincial ; drunk-friend glib one minute , grappling with existential crises the next . While Stephen Malkmus was writing lyrics using the Scrabble dictionary , and popular underground bands still counted schoolteachers and graduate students among their ranks , Brock was singing , “ God damn , I hope I can pass high school . ”
Spotting specific influences in Brock 's guitar playing , too , is no easy task . Eschewing both the untutored Big Muff chug of the grungies and the clean , open-tuned indie jangle of contemporaries and Washington neighbors like the Spinanes , Brock 's whammy-bar-and-harmonic-heavy signature style is one of the more recognizable this side of J Mascis , a rare quality within the strict anti-hero politics of indie .
Even their best albums are stacked with filler . Live , they could be the worst kind of train wreck . Brock 's distinctive yawp has always sounded a little like South Park 's Eric Cartman trying to holler his way out of a DUI . Yet , Modest Mouse got famous , and not just , like , Neko-Case-indie-famous : Their songs have been performed on both American Idol and a Kidz Bop compilation ; they 've joined the , er , distinguished likes of Green Day , Elton John , and Creed for their very own entry in the inexplicably popular Pickin ' On series , which features bluegrass versions of decidedly non-bluegrass songs ; and they 've welcomed into their ranks a bonafide music legend . It 's hard to imagine a stranger Cinderella story , or , for that matter , many bands more deserving of one .
Current indie trends — gauzy noise-pop , joyless emo bombast , trap rave , etc . — make one nostalgic for the imagination , ambition , and scope of Modest Mouse 's halcyon days . There 's still no other band like them . With the band gearing up for a Coachella appearance , it 's high time to look back at their insane , explosive catalog . Start the Countdown here .
`` Just Out of Reach ( Of My Two Open Arms ) '' ( sometimes rendered as `` Just Out of Reach ( Of My Two Empty Arms ) '' ) is a country song written by Virgil `` Pappy '' Stewart and originally recorded by Stewart and the Arkansas Cowgirls in 1953 . It was a minor country hit for Faron Young that same year , reaching No . 10 on the country chart and was also recorded by Patsy Cline and Percy Sledge . Its most successful version was recorded by singer Solomon Burke as his second single from Atlantic Records in 1961 , becoming Burke 's first hit single .
Background [ edit ]
When Burke arrived for his first recording session at the Atlantic Records studio at 1841 Broadway in New York City on December 13 , 1960 , [ 1 ] he was given four songs , including his first Atlantic release , `` Keep the Magic Working '' , which was a flop [ 2 ] and `` Just Out Of Reach ( Of My Two Empty Arms ) '' , [ 3 ] a cover of a country song written and recorded by Virgil `` Pappy '' Stewart , [ 4 ] [ 5 ] that had been a minor hit for Faron Young in 1953 ( # 10 C & W ) , [ 6 ] and later for Patsy Cline .
Burke figured this did not portend a long future with Wexler and Atlantic : `` Here 's the greatest R & B label in the world , and they give me country songs to sing . What are they trying to tell me ? . `` [ 3 ] In 2005 Burke recalled : `` I started out as a cowboy on Atlantic Records – without a horse ! I was the only singing cowboy with a corned-beef-and-pastrami sandwich on white with mayonnaise . `` [ 7 ] Despite his reservations , Burke , `` accompanied by smooth backing vocals and an arrangement equal parts Nashville and Nat King Cole , gave it his best . `` [ 3 ] Burke : `` I like country music but I do n't think it was deliberate . I think it was something we just accidentally happened onto . By my being versatile . By my being able to sing different songs – being able to change my tone quality , having the different octaves . You must remember , I was capable of singing anything . '' Burke recalled : `` They were n't happy with my rendition , because I felt I had to talk . We did it several times and I kept talking on the record . Mr. Wexler said ' I do n't think that 's gon na work ' . At that time Mr. Paul Ackerman and others said 'leave it in . We do n't know what we 're doing anyway . This is something new we 're trying . No black artist has ever done country music before , so let 's see what 's gon na happen ' . That was the turning point of my career – after that , international artist worldwide . '' When recalling Burke 's first recording session at the Atlantic , Wexler added in 2002 : `` There was a blizzard the morning we were to do the first recording session with Solomon and I did n't know if I would be able to get into New York . The trains were n't running , but I made it in that morning and there was Solomon , who had come up from Philadelphia . We did four songs in three hours , including 'Just Out of Reach ' . After we finished recording , I went into the control room to listen to the playback . I looked around for Solomon , but he was heading out the door . He said he had to get back to Philadelphia while it was still light because he had a job shoveling snow . I think he was getting paid $ 3.50 an hour . He already had something like eight kids . `` [ 8 ] According to Tony Cummings , `` Despite the use of a different arranger at each session Solomon conquered all . His rich , vibrant , baritone voice brought the full majesty of the gospel tradition to a series of intense , moody ballads and laid down the solid groundwork of the soon-to-follow soul music explosion . [ 9 ]
Release and reaction [ edit ]
Released in August 1961 , [ 10 ] after the earlier uncharted release of `` Keep the Magic Working '' b/w `` How Many Times ? '' ( Atlantic 2089 ) , [ 1 ] `` Just Out of Reach ( Of My Two Open Arms ) '' ( Atlantic 2114 ) was Burke 's first hit , selling over a million copies , [ 11 ] and subsequently spent 19 weeks on the R & B charts while climbing to No . 7 , as well as crossing over into the pop top 40 , reaching No . 24 on November 20 , 1961 . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
Concert promoters in Mississippi , South Carolina , and Alabama , who were unaware that Burke was an African American , accidentally booked him to sing at Ku Klux Klan picnics and rallies , with up to 30,000 hooded Klansmen in attendance . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] In a 2002 interview Burke recalled : `` Way down in the South somewhere , I showed up and the promoter said to me , `` Is Solomon Burke here yet ? '' I said , `` Yeah , I 'm right here . '' His eyes grow wide and he walks away . The guy comes back with the sheriff and he says , `` Boy , do n't play games . Show me some I.D . '' So he looks at it and pulls the promoter aside and says , `` You got a problem . You ca n't let him go out there . '' So they called the doctor and had him cover my face in bandages and made it look like I had an accident . That 's how I performed that night . `` [ 14 ] [ 17 ]
Impact [ edit ]
The song was credited as `` fundamental to the emergence of soul music '' , [ 18 ] was `` especially well received down South '' , [ 19 ] `` successfully appealed to white consumers by using tidy tone quality , minimal improvisation , and standard , middle-American dialect '' , `` instantly established Burke as a huge presence ... [ and ] `` also introduced Burke 's slightly country-tinged voice that melded R & B and country music and set the template that Ray Charles would follow the next year with his classic Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music . `` [ 20 ] Burke `` summed up the underlying connection between the musics of the black and white South : 'Gospel is the truth . And country music is the truth . ' '' [ 21 ] In 2003 Burke 's recording of `` Just Out of Reach '' was ranked No . 223 on a list of country music 's 500 greatest singles . [ 22 ]
Cover versions [ edit ]
The Celiac Disease Foundation will be hosting their Annual Education Conference & Food Faire in Los Angeles , Saturday May 15 , 2010 . This year 's conference will host some of the countries world leading experts on celiac disease and gluten-free living including Peter Green , Sheila Crowe and Shelley Case . There will also be a question and answer forum ; sessions focused on children and teens with celiac ; and book signings .
The early registration discount is extended until April 30th . The conference and will be held at the Los Angeles Downtown Marriott and parking is included with registration .
The conference is going to kick off their 20th annual celebration with a pancake breakfast debuting General Mills new gluten-free Bisquick pancakes with syrup . Registrants will be the first to be able to taste the new baking mix which will be introduced to the public later this summer .
In addition to this highly anticipated product introduction is the debut of gluten-free Hamburger Helper , which will also be available this summer in 3 flavors : Chicken Fried Rice , Cheesy Hashbrowns and Beef Fried Rice .
Since 1931 Bisquick has been a staple in the kitchens of many Americans , and finally the gluten-free community will be able to enjoy it again . I know for me personally there are many quick and easy casseroles I would make that would call for Bisquick and have just put those recipes aside since I knew I was unable to use it . I am really looking forward to the ease of using Bisquick again for many recipes , especially recipes that are easy for children to create .
General Mills continues to impress us with its commitment to serving the gluten-free community . It is wonderful to see larger mainstream companies being able to make products that meet our needs and are widely available at mainstream grocery stores . It is encouraging to see what General Mills is doing , and leaves me with hope that many other larger companies will follow suit . Once being gluten-free meant having to travel far to speciality stores , mail order and pay double or more on products that were cheap to the rest of the population , and this is finally starting to change with increased awareness .
In December , Tiffany Janes wrote an article about the new website by General Mills which keeps us up-to-date on all of their gluten-free products . This is definitely a good resource to keep bookmarked on our computers and phones .
I look forward to trying the new products this summer .
The great urban journalist Jane Jacobs probably had New York City in mind when she wrote about the potentially devastating effects of government-sponsored “ redevelopment ” on the inner city , but her lesson applies in many cities across the world . San Francisco 's Fillmore District is a prime example of an “ urban renewal ” disaster .
“ The agency 's time there has not been a happy story , ” Fred Blackwell , the new executive director of the San Francisco Redevelopment Agency , recently told the San Francisco Chronicle . “ There is no way to make up for clearing large swaths of land and displacing thousands of people . ”
In 1948 , city officials declared the Fillmore , an ethnically diverse but largely African American neighborhood , to be “ blighted ” under the California Redevelopment Act of 1945 . Over the next few decades , and with the help of eminent domain and federal funding , 4,729 businesses were forced to close , 2,500 households were pushed out of the neighborhood , and 883 Victorian houses were demolished . What the Fillmore got in return for its troubles—a high-rise residential project , some fast-food restaurants , and , late last year , a posh jazz nightclub—was too little , too late .
What went wrong ? Several things . First , the urban planners of the day got it wrong : Rather than being “ blighted , ” the Fillmore was the center of the city 's vibrant , black commercial district , providing goods and services , gainful employment , and upward mobility for thousands . If it was n't broken ( and in the eyes of many of the Fillmore 's residents and shopkeepers at the time , it was n't ) , it did n't need fixing . Second , the economic opportunities and complex social networks that fostered economic empowerment and community spirit were fragile things : Hoping that they would boldly spring forth years after they had been dramatically disrupted was no more realistic than trying to unscramble an omelet . Third , the powerful politicians , bureaucrats , and contractors who profited from “ redevelopment ” had different short-term interests than those displaced by program .
What can be done to prevent future “ urban planning ” disasters ? Several things . First , eminent domain must be drastically curtailed . ( That 's no real loss : Bruce Benson argues forcefully that the “ holdout problem ” is a bogus rationale for eminent domain . ) Second , rent control , which , as Paul Krugman notes , inhibits the creation of new rental property and contributes to the deterioration of existing rental properties , must be dismantled . Similarly , below-market housing mandates , which curtail the creation of new housing and therefore drive up housing prices , should also be scrapped . Third , the power of politicians to dole out favors to special-interest groups should be greatly restricted . ( The harms of interest-group politics and other sources of “ government failure ” are ably explained in Beyond Politics , by William Mitchell and Randy Simmons . ) Fourth , urban planners and residents themselves must better learn the nature and positive potential of the voluntary institutions , networks , and patterns that arise without government planning . ( For details , see the Independent Institute book The Voluntary City , edited by David Beito , Peter Gordon , and Alex Tabarrok . )
San Franciscans better learn these lessons fast : Last June , the city 's voters passed a redevelopment initiative for the Bayview/Hunters Point area .
Tags : Economics , Housing , Property Rights
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
In an interview with North Dakota radio host Scott Hennen former vice president Dick Cheney said that it would be a mistake for the Republican Party to become more moderate . He said that doing so would mean changing the fundamental philosophy of the GOP . Cheney also said that the older Republicans should move on , but yet he is still here , helping the Democrats .
Cheney was asked if he thinks that the GOP should moderate . He answered , “ No I do n't . I think it would be a mistake for us to moderate . This is about fundamental beliefs and values and ideas…what the role of government should be in our society , and our commitment to the Constitution and Constitutional principles . You know , when you add all those things up the idea that we ought to moderate basically means we ought to fundamentally change our philosophy . I for one am not prepared to do that , and I think most us are n't . ”
He did mention that it was time to clean out the older members of the party , “ So I think periodically we have to go through one these sessions . It helps clear away some of the underbrush…some of the older folks who 've been around a long time ( like yours truly ) need to move on , and make room for that young talent that 's coming along . But I think it 's basically healthy . I do n't spend a lot of time or lose a lot of sleep over it . I just think now is the time for people who are committed to get out there and find candidates they like and go to work for them . ”
I think Cheney is one for two on this one . He is correct that the Republican Party needs to clean out the old faces and move forward with some new blood . The problem that they have is that their party is seriously lacking new blood and fresh ideas . It took the Democratic Party 12 years to rebuild after they lost control of Congress in 1994 , and I think it may take the GOP even longer because they lost Congress in 2006 , and are still in denial .
Cheney is way off on his first point . The Republican Party will never win another election by not moving to the middle . The GOP leadership does n't see that their party can move to the middle without sacrificing its values and principles , and until they figure this out , they will continue to lose elections badly . This is great news for Democrats because as long as Republicans continue to listen to Dick Cheney , they will still be stuck in the past .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Team Europe
Team North America Team North America
Team China
Team Korea
Team South East Asia
Match 1 : North America 2 - 1 China
Another take on things
I will not be as thorough as my colleague as I believe that I do share the more `` common '' opinion on the matchups . Instead , I 'll provide justification with bullet points .
North America 0 - 2 China
- Logistical problems for the Americans - missed flights , late gathering of the team .
- Overall training regiment is inferior to the more disciplined and refined style of practice of their Chinese counterparts .
- The gaming environment favours heavily the Asians as their competitive league is far superior compared to the NA LCS , thus good scrimming partners will not be hard to find .
- Once again , logistics are in favour of the Chinese as they will not have to travel a lot to get to the arena , while their opponents will surely suffer jet lag and less practice time .
Match 5 : Europe 2 - 1 Korea rematch
Another take on things
For the sake of argument I am going with a balanced or full victory in favour of the Koreans .
Europe 0 - 2 South Korea
- Europeans will arrive later at the venue , thus having less practice time .
- Better ( not by a large margin ) competitive league in South Korea , giving the edge to the Asians due to more practice time and better opponents in general .
- Despite being mechanically better , the European team lacks the team play potential to be able to overcome the Korean threat .
- Strict training regiment and scrim schedules for the Asians in comparison to the SoloQ way of the Europeans .
Grand Final : South-East Asia 2 - 1 Europe
Another take on things
This will definitely be a very interesting match given the opponents . I am definitely giving a decisive and clear victory to Europe .
- Europeans have a stronger league than the SEA region where a couple of teams dominate the top of the rankings .
- Europe has a strong positive record against SEA teams in international tournaments .
- Clear advantage in certain lanes .
- Better coordination between Mid laner and Jungler .
- Despite previous results , if EU and SEA reach the finals , EU will have a match advantage due to playing South Korea beforehand .
Overview
A collaboration between David 'Dopas ' Pujol and Daniel 'd1dx ' Yordanov .
The opinions presented above are courtesy of their respective owners .
First of all , let 's take look at the five All-Star lineups : As you probably know the competition starts this Friday , 24 May . You can check the exact schedule here . Now let 's dive in the predictions ! Given the nature of the event , we have gathered the viewpoints of two of our editors . In the context of these unusual predictions , the key games would be the following : The Chinese All-Star team is widely considered the favorite to win the whole event whereas NA 's finest arrive as the underdogs . However , much fail to see the potential of the American lineup.This is the team that will have the most time to train ( they gathered at the Curse gaming house for that ) , they have no communication issues and the players are really the best of the best : every single one of them got chosen by the fans.The Chinese team , on the other hand , had seen how all of World Elite 's members were voted into the All-Star . The rules , however , dictate that only three of them are able to compete in the event . That 's why two members of fierce rivals Invictus Gaming will fill in for them.This means that they are n't truly sending the players Chinese fans believe to be the best of the best , and the rivalry between both of the region 's powerhouses could affect the performance of their All-Star team . Besides , they play in front of their home crowd , a fact that adds a lot of pressure to the players.Both teams have players of exceptional skill , which will make the games tight and very exciting to watch . Expect a close match-up , but do believe NA can pull off the upset ! This would be the series that would come after Europe 's victory over South Korea in the second match of the tournament ( NA vs China being the first ) , and after a Korean triumph over China in the losers ' bracket.In their second showdown , Europe 's finest would come on top again thanks to the versatility of Paul 'sOAZ ' Boyer , who 's perfectly ready to face one of the best solo laners in the world ; the strong performance of the Gambit Gaming core , featuring three players who know how to get it done against Korean rivals , will be a key factor as well.With Peter 'Yellowpete ' Wüppen 's consistency in the AD carry role rounding up the European lineup , we got ourselves a rock solid team , with great individual skill . Communication wo n't be a problem since these guys will be more focused than ever . They know each other very well on the fields of justice , so coordination will be natural and will help to overcome the language barrier.Despite the roster being limited to three Gambit players , the addition of Soaz will bring safety to the top lane , where Eugene 'Darien ' Mazaev often gives up free kills ; concerning the AD carry role , Yellowpete has a champion pool very similar to Eugene 'Genja007 ' Andryushin 's so it wo n't be a problem for the Russians to get used to.Unfortunately for them , North American stars would n't be able to carry on the momentum and would fall to the South-East Asian team ( in tight games though ) . This would translate in SEA facing Europe in the Grand Final.To be honest , this matchup could go in any direction ; what is for sure is that it would be a spectacular series and it would deliver some of the best League of Legends action we 've ever seen . If only the final could be the best of 5 ( or 7 even ) series…Anyway , my prediction would be that Europe 's stars would arrive into the finals exhausted after their epic matches in the previous days . Details like the language barrier could affect the European team 's focus a little heavier due to fatigue , and SEA would punish the smallest mistake like Azubu Taipei Assassins did in games 3 and 4 of the Season 2 World Championship finals against formerWith a lineup featuring the core of Season 2 world champions ( including former TPA support Chen 'MiSTaKe ' Hui Chung ) , SEA would come slightly on top of this clash to earn their region an extra spot in the Season 3 World Championship.These are predictions that have high chances of being wrong , but a lot of people do n't consider any path other than China winning , and that is a huge mistake . In sports , predicting always the favorites to win will result in bad bets very often.It is important to remember that the Star tournament gathers the world 's finest and every match will be hard fought , so anything can happen . These are not the obvious choices , but chances that they become the right ones are very real , just like any other . Now it 's time for the players to do the talking !
Intel has launched the latest version of its Intel Extreme Tuning Utility , the version v6.0.2.8 , which fixes some issues for developers but does not bring much for regular users.According to the release notes , Intel has fixed some issues concerning developer side , including digitally signed XTU SDK binaries , performance improvement required for SDK initialization , Tuning , and profile management , XTU ProfileHelperModel.dll issue with Norton Anti-Virus Software , updated WDT driver , new tuning API , two new modules that were divided from IntelOverclockingSDK.dll , new redistributable without BCLK support and BIOS support and more.Unfortunately , the v6.0.2.8 of the Intel Extreme Tuning Utility appears similar to v6.2 version , at least from the user side so you should be fine with that version as well.You can download the Intel Extreme Tuning Utility v6.0.2.8 at Intel Download Center via link below , where you can also check out full release notes.Source : Intel Download Center
Home In-Depth Reporting The Toughest Call
Ethics
The Toughest Call
Frank Armani . ( Photo by Dave Revette )
Most lawyers are unlikely to rec­ognize Frank Armani by name , but they 're probably familiar with his story .
Armani is one of two upstate New York lawyers who in the mid-1970s became embroiled in an agonizing test of a lawyer 's duty to maintain client confidences under some of the most trying circumstances imaginable .
It was the summer of 1973 . Armani and another lawyer , Francis Belge , had just been appointed to represent Robert Garrow for the murder of Philip Domblewski , an 18-year-old college student who was camping in the Adirondacks with three friends when Garrow attacked them and tied them all to trees . His companions escaped , but Domblewski did n't .
In the course of debriefing by his lawyers , Garrow admitted killing Domblewski . But there was more . He told his lawyers that , in a separate incident , he had murdered another camper—and abducted , raped and murdered the man 's female com­panion . Garrow also admitted that he had abducted , raped and murdered a 16-year-old girl . Garrow even told his lawyers where he had dumped the bodies of his two female victims—information they confirmed by photographing the remains at the locations he had identified .
DEEP SECRETS
The lawyers told nobody about their client 's confession ; nor did they reveal that they had located the bodies of his two missing victims—even after the father of one of the victims begged them for information about the fate of his missing daughter . And even after the victims ' bodies were accidentally discovered several months later in separate locations hundreds of miles apart .
Armani and Belge , who died in 1989 , kept their client 's secret for nearly a year . But during his trial in 1974 , under direct questioning by Belge , Garrow confessed to murdering Domblewski , the other male camper and the two women who had been missing , as well as to a number of rapes and abductions throughout upstate New York . The day after Garrow finished testifying , Armani and Belge acknowledged publicly that they had known all along about the murders and the locations of the victims ' bodies .
Garrow was convicted on one murder charge and sentenced to 25 years to life in prison . He was shot to death by police in September 1978 , shortly after making a daring prison escape . Ensuing editorials expressed no mercy for Garrow . The Poughkeepsie Journal called him “ a malignant cancer on the society that fostered him ” and “ less than useless to the human race . ”
Armani and Belge , who both practiced in Syracuse , received widespread support from the legal profession . But in the court of public opinion , they did n't fare much better than their client .
While the two lawyers insisted that their duty of client confidentiality obliged them to remain silent , they were widely reviled outside the pro­fession for withholding the information . Their once-thriving law practices withered . They received hate mail and death threats .
Longtime friends stopped speaking to them . They had to move out of their homes . Belge eventually gave up his law practice altogether , while Armani slowly rebuilt his .
A grand jury investigated both men , ultimately indicting Belge , who had been alone when he found one of the bodies . He admitted moving the remains to get a better picture and was charged with failing to report a dead body , then failing to provide it with a decent burial . On the day the grand jury announced its decision , Armani suffered a heart attack .
( Charges against Belge were dismissed in 1975 by the trial court judge , who lauded Belge for the zeal with which he had protected his client 's rights . People v. Belge , 372 N.Y.S.2d 798 . )
The parents of one victim filed an ethics complaint against the two lawyers with state bar disciplinary officials . It took four years , but that complaint too was eventually dismissed . In its decision , the Committee on Professional Ethics of the New York State Bar Association said the assurance of confidentiality helps encourage proper representation , which requires full disclosure of all relevant facts by the client—even if those facts include the commission of prior crimes . Opinion 479 ( 1978 ) .
A HERO 'S WELCOME
Armani , now 79 and semiretired , is widely regarded within the legal profession as a hero . In 2006 , he received a distinguished-lawyer award from the Onondaga County ( N.Y. ) Bar Association . This year , he was nominated for the Michael Franck Award presented by the ABA Center for Professional Responsibility . And in early June , Armani received a standing ovation when he appeared at a program about the Garrow case at the center 's National Conference on Professional Responsibility , held in Chicago .
Experts say the case offers a particularly stark , compelling example of one of the most difficult ethical dilemmas to confront a lawyer . The case is still taught widely in law schools , and it has been discussed and dissected in countless law review articles , books and court opinions . The case was even the subject of a book titled Privileged Information ( co-written by Armani ) and the basis for the 1987 feature film Sworn to Silence .
Law professor Lisa G. Lerman , who got to know Armani while researching his case for a textbook she co-authored in 2005 , likens him to Atticus Finch , the noble small-town lawyer who takes on an unpopular client in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird .
“ The difference is that , unlike Atticus Finch , Frank Armani is a real person , ” says Lerman , who teaches at the Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C. She nominated Armani for the Franck Award .
Lerman said at the program about the Garrow case that she does n't have many heroes who are lawyers . “ But if I had to make a list , you 'd be right up there at the top , Frank , ” she said .
Thomas D. Morgan , a law professor at George Wash­ington University in Washington , D.C. , says Armani is a heroic figure in the sense that he faced a series of very difficult choices and ultimately came to the right conclusion .
“ This case is not just an interesting historical footnote , ” says Morgan . “ It 's a central case in our de­velopment and understanding of what it means to be a lawyer . ”
NO SECOND THOUGHTS
Morgan and other experts say the case still is relevant to the ongoing debate over the boundaries of a lawyer 's duty of confidentiality to clients . In the ABA Model Rules of Professional Con­­duct , that duty is set forth in Rule 1.6 . ( The Model Rules are the basis for conduct codes that directly govern lawyers in most states . )
At the time Armani and Belge represented Garrow , lawyers in New York were governed by that state 's version of the ABA Model Code of Professional Respon­si­bility . The Model Code allowed a lawyer to reveal “ the intention of his client to commit a crime and the information necessary to prevent the crime , ” but not prior acts admitted in confidence .
The Model Code was replaced by the Model Rules in 1983 ; in its original version , Rule 1.6 allowed a lawyer to reveal client confidences “ to prevent the cli­ent from committing a criminal act that the lawyer believes is likely to result in imminent death or substantial bodily harm. ” In 2002 , Rule 1.6 was amended to permit a lawyer to reveal confidential information “ to pre­vent reasonably certain death or substantial bodily harm . ”
While those differences in language might seem like ethical hair-splitting , the 2002 amendment was one of the most hotly debated items in a package of Model Rules revisions considered by the ABA House of Dele­gates . The House narrowly adopted the new language over objections that it would erode confidentiality rules for lawyers . Other proposals by the Ethics 2000 Com­mission to ease the rules on confidentiality were voted down or withdrawn in the face of opposition .
( A year later , the House revised the Model Rules to allow lawyers to reveal client confidences to prevent financial wrongdoing in some circumstances . ) Armani said at the CPR program that in 1973 he was n't even aware there was a written ethics code for New York lawyers . His guide was the oath he had taken when he was sworn in as a lawyer in 1956 . He had promised , he said , to “ maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate ” the secrets of his client . And that was what he and Belge did .
Armani insists he is no hero . And he says he would handle the Garrow case just the same if he had it to do over again .
“ Of course , ” he says . “ I 'd have to . ”
THE faded modernist façades along Copacabana 's beachfront hark back to Brazil 's optimistic past . The seaside promenade , where walking sticks outnumber G-strings , offers a glimpse of its demographic future . A quarter of the inhabitants of this part of Rio de Janeiro are 65 or older , making it one of the oldest places in Brazil . But the rest of the country is catching up fast , thanks to a drop in birth rates and rising life expectancy . Over-65s , who make up 8.5 % of the population now , will reach Copacabana 's share by 2050 . The country is dangerously unprepared for that shock .
To see why , visit the Copacabana branch of the National Institute of Social Security ( INSS ) , which administers state pensions for Brazilians employed in the private sector . Elizete Ribeiro , a vivacious masseuse , does not look ready to be pensioned off . She is just 56 years old . But , having paid into the system for 30 years , she is entitled to a basic pension worth the minimum wage ( 937 reais , or $ 304 , a month ) . The lawyer helping her , Jorge Freire , benefits from a separate public-sector scheme . He retired as an employee of Rio de Janeiro 's state court system when he was 52 . His retirement cheque , at first the same as his final salary , is bumped up every time current court workers get a pay rise .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The form-filling at the INSS outpost , repeated millions of times , means trouble for Brazil . Pension spending is already the equivalent of 12 % of GDP , half as much again as the average among members of the OECD , a club of mostly rich countries that have many more senior citizens ( see chart ) . The combined annual shortfall of the pension schemes is 4.8 % of GDP , equivalent to more than half the government budget deficit . The state of Rio supports more public-sector pensioners than working civil servants ; for every police colonel on active duty five are retired . The state is nearly bankrupt . Without corrective action , Brazil faces an equally bleak future .
Michel Temer , the country 's centre-right president , hopes to arrange for a brighter one . He took office last year after the impeachment of his left-wing predecessor , Dilma Rousseff , and in the midst of the country 's worst recession on record . This month congress began debating his plan to reform the pension system . Economic recovery and Brazil 's financial stability depend on its success .
Brazil 's geriatric generosity came from laudable impulses . The constitution adopted in 1988 sought to break away from the country 's history of elitism and inequality , further entrenched under two decades of military dictatorship . Among the new rights was a basic pension for men over 65 and women over 60 , whether or not they paid into the system . People who do pay in , like Ms Ribeiro , can claim benefits earlier . The government linked benefits to the minimum wage , ensuring that they would almost always go up and never down .
This has made Brazil a land of youthful and prosperous pensioners . Its citizens collect pensions when they are 58 on average ; Mexicans toil into their 70s . Brazilians on average incomes get pensions worth four-fifths of their pre-retirement earnings , which is generous by most countries ' standards . Widows and widowers inherit the full pensions of their deceased spouses , which they can combine with their own .
This accumulation of rights has become an economic cluster bomb . Inflated by big increases in the minimum wage , pensions now account for more than half of the government 's non-interest spending . The recession has brought down the revenues to pay for them . Without a change , government pension spending could reach a fifth of GDP by 2060 . Public debt will jump to scary levels sooner : by 2019 it could be 98 % of GDP , up from 70 % now . That prospect is one reason for Brazil 's double-digit interest rates . The pension splurge hurts the economy in other ways , for example by withdrawing employees prematurely from the workforce and taking money away from education and infrastructure .
The reform Mr Temer is proposing would reduce the pension problem to more normal proportions . It would set a minimum pensionable age of 65 years for men and women , and oblige them to work longer than they do now in order to claim the maximum allowable pension . Future rises in the retirement age to keep up with longer lives would not require amending the constitution . Only the lowest pensions would be linked to the minimum wage . Widows ' benefits would be reduced .
These and other measures would stabilise pension spending at around current levels , says Paulo Tafner , a pensions analyst . They would give the economy a short-term boost , in part by encouraging the central bank to reduce interest rates more rapidly . The stockmarket has strengthened on hopes that congress will enact it .
Because the reform requires a constitutional amendment , both houses must pass it with three-fifths majorities . Ms Rousseff 's Workers ' Party decries it as an attack on the poor , though it will not touch beneficiaries of the lowest pensions . A politician from Mr Temer 's coalition accuses the government of “ demographic scaremongering ” —as if ageing were unpredictable .
Despite such grumbling , Mr Temer has a good chance of getting the reform through reasonably intact . A poll for his Party of the Brazilian Democratic Movement reportedly shows that Brazilians are split evenly for and against the reform . The government is trying to tip the balance , with adverts in newspapers and videos beamed at passengers in airports . Mr Temer himself is unpopular . But if he cleans up the pension system , Brazilians will have reason to thank him .
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
Icann oversees the structure of the net could see its biggest transformation in decades if plans to open up the address system are passed . The net 's regulators will vote on Thursday to decide if the strict rules on so-called top level domain names , such as .com or .uk , can be relaxed . If approved , it could allow companies to turn their brands into domain names while individuals could also carve out their own corner of the net . The move could also see the launch of .xxx , after years of wrangling . Top level domains are currently limited to individual countries , such as .uk ( UK ) or .it ( Italy ) , as well as to commerce , .com , and to institutional organisations , such as .net , or .org . To get around the restrictions , some companies have used the current system to their own ends . For example , the Polynesia island nation Tuvalu , has leased the use of the .tv address to many television firms . The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) , which acts as a sort of regulator for the net as well as overseeing the domain name system , has been working towards opening up net addresses for the last three years . It 's a massive increase in the geography of the real estate of the internet
Dr Paul Twomey , Icann The plan would also allow for the new domain names to be internationalised , and so could be written in scripts for Asian and Arabic languages . Dr Paul Twomey , chief executive of Icann , told BBC News that the proposals would result in the biggest change to the way the internet worked in decades . `` The impact of this will be different in different parts of the world . But it will allow groups , communities and business to express their identities online . `` Like the United States in the 19th Century , we are in the process of opening up new real estate , new land , and people will go out and claim parts of that land and use it for various reasons they have . `` It 's a massive increase in the geography of the real estate of the internet . '' Arbitration process Hundreds of new domain names could be created by the end of the year , rising to thousands in the future . HAVE YOUR SAY I 'm all for tighter regulation , not opening it up further which would only facilitate fraud Karen , London Icann says any string of letters can be registered as a domain , but there will be an independent arbitration process for people with grounds for objection . The openness of the new system could pave the way for a .xxx domain name , after more than half a decade of wrangling between its backers and Icann . The latest attempt to launch .xxx was rejected by Icann last year on the grounds that approval would put the agency into the position of a content regulator . When asked about the possibility of a .xxx domain name , Dr Twomey repeated only that the new system would be `` open to anyone '' . The move could yet be blocked as the independent arbitration panel can reject domains based on `` morality or public order '' grounds . Dr Twomey said Icann was still working through how much the application fee to register a domain name will be , but it is expected to be at least several thousand dollars . 'Cost recovery ' `` We are doing this on a cost recovery basis . We 've already spent $ 10m on this , '' he said . Individuals will be able to register a domain based on their own name , or any other string of letters , as long as they can show a `` business plan and technical capacity '' . While companies will be able to secure domain names based on their intellectual property easily , some domain names could become subject to contention and a bidding war . Dr Twomey said : `` If there is a dispute , we will try and get the parties together to work it out . But if that fails there will be an auction and the domain will go to the highest bidder . ''
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
We learned a lot during our previous project , SECONDOCK . We did not give up . SECONDOCK is available in our combo packages . We welcome your support again !
If you have a different smartwatch model from those listed above , please let us know . We 'll try to get a unit and verify compatibility so we can update our list accordingly .
My watch worked great when worn on my wrist . But with it resting on the table , I always needed to twist my head 90 degree to read the display . If “ BlackBerry thumb ” once threatened our hands , surely there must be a way to overcome “ smartwatch neck ! ”
Risks and challenges
Defining the geometry of the stand was the most critical part of our design process . Functionally , the watch must slide into and out of the stand easily and securely , while offering a striking presentation aesthetically .
With these goals in mind , we made several prototypes and distributed them to let smartwatch owners test what worked , and what did n't . From their feedback , we found that docking the watch was not enough – owners wanted to dock their phones too , to consolidate space and charging ports . Therefore , we went back to the drawing board and redesigned FIRSTSTAND without sacrificing the primary benefits of a smartwatch dock . The result of this assessment is the CNC slot added on the side of the stand .
We met with many suppliers along the way , visited several factories , and tested loads of samples . Finally we partnered with an aluminum manufacturing specialist , putting the capacity of over 100 high-precision CNC machines at our disposal . Our factory has 12 years of experience and a complete quality management systems including ISO9001 , ISO14001 , and TS16949 .
We are confident in our design , confident in our ability to deliver , and confident that you will love your FIRSTSTAND .
Earlier this week Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa invited me and a small group of Los Angeles ' business , labor , and environmental leaders to discuss his plan to accelerate the construction of a dozen transit projects in his region . The goal is to build in 10 years what they initially planned to do in 30 , hence the plan moniker “ 30/10. ” California 's junior senator and chair of the Environment and Public Works Committee , Barbara Boxer , was the featured guest since new kinds of federal help is a key part of the plan .
No doubt 30/10 is a big idea and one that could transform the partnership between the federal government and our metropolitan areas when it comes to transportation funding and finance . My remarks there focused on this point .
The core of the initiative is based on the fact that , in November 2008 , voters in the city and county of Los Angeles approved a half-cent sales tax increase . Revenue from the tax will fund a set transit and highway projects to be constructed there over the next 3 decades . But since Los Angeles is one of the weakest performing metros since the start of the recession , and transportation problems persist as the economy does begin to recover -- and since metro leaders there are an impatient lot -- they 've put together a detailed and innovative package of bonds , loans , grants , and other agreements so the shovels will hit the ground sooner rather than later . The transit agency has a refreshingly clear and transparent run down of the plan and what they 're seeking from the federal government here . )
We discussed the real and tangible benefits from 30/10 ranging from construction jobs created in the short term , to the economic benefits to the region down the line , to the transportation impacts once the projects are online , and the environmental effects especially in terms of carbon reduction . This is all somewhat intuitive -- if done right -- but it is admittedly hard to assess with any great deal of precision .
The UK has become the latest country to put the price of Sovaldi under the microscope and Gilead 's hepatitis C drug has stumbled at its first hurdle .
In draft guidance the cost-effectiveness watchdog NICE said it was “ minded not to recommend ” Sovaldi ( sofobuvir ) , adding that it has asked the drug 's manufacturer for much more detailed information about its use and cost .
The first all-oral treatment for chronic hep C to be approved in Europe , Sovaldi is taken for an average of 12 or 24 weeks , depending on patient needs , giving it a UK list price of £35,983 ( €45,041 ) or £69,966 ( €87,575 ) for a course of treatment .
In the US , where its higher price runs to $ 84,000 for a 12-week course , Gilead has run into trouble with US politicians , some of whom have questioned its high price .
NICE has n't exactly said the drug is too expense for the health service , but the Institute does want further information from Gilead before its advisors decide whether sofosbuvir is a cost-effective use of NHS resources .
Professor Carole Longson , director of the NICE Centre for Health Technology Evaluation , said : “ The available evidence shows that sofosbuvir is an effective treatment for chronic hepatitis C in certain patients .
“ However , evidence is lacking for some subgroups of patients with chronic hepatitis C , and there are also substantial uncertainties in the evidence base presented by the manufacturer . ”
Specifically NICE is asking for things like a further series of analyses on Sovaldi in combination with ribavirin for certain genotypes of hep C , revised cost-effectiveness estimates and a new economic model that be used to check the new information provided .
But NICE acknowledged the scale of the public health problem posed by chronic hep C , which can be a life-long condition that causes liver cirrhosis in a third of sufferers and , in a small percentage of patients , liver cancer .
Professor Longson said : “ The problem is made worse because the potential side-effects of current treatments , such as interferon , which often needs to be given for a long period of time , mean that many people with the disease either do n't complete the full course , or are reluctant to seek treatment in the first place .
“ The availability of new treatments , like sofosbuvir , that can shorten the duration of interferon-based therapy or which in some cases do n't need to be taken with interferon at all , would potentially encourage more people to seek treatment . ”
The draft guidance on Sovaldi 's use to treat chronic hepatitis C applies to England and Wales and has now been put out for consultation , with final guidance expected from NICE in October .
This year , 2010 , is the Centenary of the death of Florence Nightingale . She died in 1910 , at the age of 90 , which was a notable age to reach at that time , although many of her family lived to a similar age ..
It is customary to think of Florence as the founder of modern nursing . The ubiquitous image of her is as The Lady with the Lamp , walking the wards of the military hospital at Scutari , with grateful soldiers kissing her shadow as she walked past . But Nightingale was much more than that . She made major contributions to military medicine , statistical thought , public health and to hospital design , to name a few .
She was a complex woman . Deeply religious , she believed that God spoke to her on four occasions when she was a young woman , always saying the same words : “ I have work for you to do. ” Frustratingly for Nightingale , this is all God said to her . She initially decided to await further instructions from God , but as the years passed , she came to realise that God wanted her to decide how to serve Him .
Her mind was increasingly drawn to the reform of nursing . To understand why this was such an area of interest , you need to have an understanding of the state of nursing when Florence Nightingale was a young woman . At that time , nursing was seen as the very lowest of vocations . Most nurses were alcoholics ; they were permitted and were expected to drink alcohol while they worked . Many of them were also prostitutes . It was customary for young women of low social class to look to a life of prostitution and nursing , with the consumption of large amounts of alcohol to make the other two occupations seem a little more bearable . The average nurse when Florence was a young woman would think nothing of combining her three occupational interests in a single night ; she would sit watching over her patient and sipping her gin , and if her patient was well enough and had the money , extra services could be provided .
Florence Nightingale was not born of low social class . She and her family were not titled , but they were of that new nobility – the bourgeoisie . Nightingale 's family were the very pinnacle of English middle-class society , and moved in high circles in English society . They were very conservative in many ways , but surprisingly liberal in others . As an example of their liberalism , Florence 's father took charge of the education of both his daughters and ensured that they were extremely well educated . Florence was , for example , fluent in many languages although her particular gift and love was mathematics . In respect of their conservatism , it was always expected that Florence ( both wealthy and attractive ) would marry and become a wealthy Victorian housewife .
So when young Florence rejected several handsome and attractive suitors , and announced her intention to become a nurse , society in general and her family in particular , were scandalised . It was too appalling to contemplate . So it was that Florence found herself leading a team of nurses at the British military hospital at Scutari . Although she is always remembered as a nurse , her real gift at Scutari was hospital administration . She organised things ; she made things work .
The phrase “ the lady with a lamp ” , which today reflects a somewhat tepid view of FN , was in her day a very powerful political statement . As most nurses were prostitutes , the military had a policy of no nurses after dark , when a wounded soldier 's mind might turn to naughty things . The fact that she had a lamp was a symbol of her working at night , but that she was a lady – a woman of decent morality .
The story of Nightingale 's reform of nursing is well-told . Less well known is her enormous contribution in other areas . To examine but a few of these , her contribution to statistical thought , particularly as applied to health-care , was astonishing . She was , for example , the first person to use pie charts in health sciences . She used pie charts for a reason . They fulfilled her belief that statistical data should be easily accessible to the average intelligent person . She liked to apply what she called privately “ the Queen Victoria test ” . She would look at a diagrammatic representation of data , and ask herself would The Queen understand the point that was being made by the data . In this theory of statistical information she was opposed by many statisticians of her day , led by William Farr . Farr held that data should be presented dry , without interpretation , in a series of tables . The two of them maintained this debate in a series of papers and addresses to statistical meetings over many years .
Who won ? Arguably , they both did . Open any newspaper and you will see data presented by diagrams ( pure Nightingalism ) and in large tables ( as suggested by Farr ) . But there was a broader debate ( in which Farr and Nightingale were on the same side ) that they clearly won . As statistical thought was emerging , there was a strong reaction from many intellectuals opposed to the use of statistics . Charles Dickens was one such person . His novel Hard Times was in part an attack on the use of statistics . He would be not pleased with our everyday reliance on statistical thought .
Nightingale came to dominate the field of hospital design . She designed hospitals all over the world , all along a similar pattern . The wards had high ceilings , with huge windows , and with patients arranged in two rows down the side of each wall , and a nursing station located in the centre . By the time of her death , practically all hospitals built anywhere were Nightingales . As a medical student and a young doctor , I trained in wards such as these . It never occurred to me that someone had come up with the idea of this type of ward , but they did , and that someone was Florence Nightingale . We would probably be still using Nightingales , but for the advent of air conditioning .
Nightingale also argued for a standard method of recording death . She developed a model death certificate . This is the death certificate that we use today , and is used throughout the Western world . Perhaps this gave her comfort as she lay dying one hundred years ago – her own death would be recorded on a death certificate that she had designed .
She also published a series of papers supporting the work of Farr in developing an international code of diseases . By 1860 , when she began her campaign to support Farr 's work , Nightingale was an important person of considerable influence , both within England and throughout the world . While it is true to say that Farr put in all the hard yards , it is certain that Nightingale 's support was important . Together they gave us the International Code of Diseases ; we now use the tenth edition , known by everyone as ICD-10 . Ten years before her death , she had the satisfaction of seeing the publication of the Codex that she had worked so hard to establish . And perhaps as she was dying she would have had the comfort of knowing that her own death would be recorded according to the Codex she had struggled to build for so long .
During the American Civil War , Nightingale supported the Union cause . She wrote long letters of advice and encouragement to the individuals that established the Union Sanitary Commission . They credited her with much of the success in reducing mortality in the Union Army .
Even in failure Nightingale had success . She was working on the problem of malnourishment in children , and she wanted to develop a single numerical measure of malnourishment . The number would n't appear . In frustration , she wrote to her friend Alphonse Quatelet , seeking his help with the problem . A fortnight later she received a letter , in which he outlined the Body Mass Index . It is used everywhere ; mostly to measure excess weight !
She made many other contributions over her long and productive life . So when you look today at the statistical data coming out of the Joint Theatre Trauma System registry , you are very much continuing the work of Florence Nightingale . And if you were to put that data in a Pie Chart , you would make her soul sing . It is then altogether fit and proper that we should pause this year and reflect upon the life of this great woman who died a hundred years ago this year . In so pausing , we should remember her not only as a Lady with a Lamp , but as a Woman with a Pie Chart .
Suggested Further Reading :
Florence Nightingale by Mark Bostridge
Last Sunday a huge fireball lit up Cranbrook 's whole western horizon . From high up , first a swiftly moving ball of yellow light caught the eye . It rapidly gained brightness , until it turned into a blue-white welding arc . A small orange globule broke off and followed it along its wake . Then it suddenly flared and a spray of brilliant white light flashed out and lit all the sky for miles around and casting shadows on the ground . A large blue-white fireball zipped out of that dazzling light , with one smaller orange fireball chasing after it , slowing down and dropping over the horizon into the smoke haze until it dimmed out of sight . Minutes later , a dull rumbling sound like thunder grumbled in the distance .
In disbelief a witness in Crawford Bay “ almost ducked ” as she saw it rocket close overhead , the eerie silent blue-white fireball and behind it two smaller reddish-orange balls falling away and arcing down not too far away to the North . There was a quiet pause as she looked North wondering—what was that ? Then KRACK-WHAMMMM ! recoiled to the tremendous crash of a sonic boom–so loud she felt it vibrate inside her chest , then a crackle and continuous waterfall of noise as the air tumbled back in to fill the tunnel of low pressure air the supersonic fireball had rammed through the sky . For an endless twenty seconds this shook the house , rattling the windows , the garage doors and even the ground before dying away . For a second she imagined it was a nuclear bomb blast . I 'm not kidding , it was that loud ! she said .
Was it a small nuke ? NASA 's JPL website reported a monitoring satellite saw an air blast at 36km altitude equivalent to 0.13 kilotons of TNT .
Attachment KasloMeteor.gif above is a GIF slideshow with frames displayed every half second . When viewed in webmail or on a web browser , it will play the animation . Moon at lower left . Photo credit COTR meteor cam 4 Sep 2017 .
But videos show it was a meteor , a rock from outer space , with pieces falling off as it went along .
So , where did it hit the ground ? BC has a network of meteor cam stations watching to find where these hit . The College of the Rockies has a meteor cam , and it tracked it for about ten seconds , starting from 11:11:26pm . Six or more security cam videos saw it . One good video from Spokane ( near Gonzaga University ) was used with the College video , and a photo from just South of Crawford Bay near the marina , to triangulate where the meteor hit and was able to give us a good idea . Esko Lyytinen , a retired mathematician of the Finnish Fireball Network , kindly analyzed our video . Summarized as follows :
The main 50kg piece would have hit about 5km East of Kaslo around : ( 49.8731 N , 116.8457 W ) . “ It flew directly over Crawford Bay but not as far as Meadow Creek ” . The main piece was last seen at 49.7603 N , 116.8350 W , still 18.9km high​ . The 100g sized fragment from the brightest flash would have hit 2.5 km South and 1km East of Riondel at around ( 49.7381 N , -116.8393 W ) . The winds may have moved the main fragment about 750 m to the East and the 100 g fragments about 1.7 km to the East . Thus the NE area of Crawford Bay would probably be favorable for finding fragments . As well as from Gray Creek North to Crawford Bay along the road . But fragments can veer in direction : after talking to witnesses , Dr. Alan Hildebrand is worried the main piece may have gone into Kootenay Lake .
These fragmented meteors do n't make craters , craters are usually made by much larger solid nickel-iron ones . This meteor was likely slowed down to around 200 km/h by the time it reached “ dark flight ” . ​If the basket-ball sized 50kg chunk hit soft ground , it would have left a big dent about as deep as its diameter , then bounced up and landed on the surface again . Unless it hit solid bedrock and shattered . The smaller fragments ( 100g would be around golf ball sized ) would have just bounced like normal rocks .
Meteorites that strike the ground are not smoking hot as depicted in Hollywood movies , so there is no need to worry about them starting a forest fire . They start off cold in outer space ( about zero degrees C for meteoroids around Earth 's orbit ) . Their outer surface gets white hot as it compresses the air into a plasma sheath , but this blowtorch heat is slow to penetrate the rock . This hot layer fuses and evaporates and is blown off as droplets , dust and vapour before it can heat the inside . So the inside remains cool during the brief 10 second fiery fall through the atmosphere . It 's rare to find a hot or warm meteorite , some have even been found with frost on them . But the outside skin often has a one millimetre thick melted “ fusion crust ” with thumb-sized worn hollows .
Video Frame at 11:11:34.066 seconds showing fireball and pieces falling off along path ( photo rotated ) . Photo Credit R. Nowell , COTR Meteor Cam .
Judging from factors like how high it fragmented , porosity , speed , cometary orbit from beyond Pluto , Esko is betting it 's a common , stony non-metallic meteorite , a “ chondrite ” . These are the most common types , they make up 86 % of meteorites that are recovered . Formed of dust , clay and small sand grains surrounding “ chondrules ” : small beads of silicate minerals like olivine and pyroxene . ( Olivine is a magnesium iron silicate common on Earth but quickly weathered ) . May contain small amounts of magnetite , nickel-iron , or even flakes of metal . Density about 3.5 g/cm^3 as heavy as basalt rock . Very old , from primitive asteroids originating from the early solar system 4.5 billion years ago
Chondrite Meteorite . Polished face showing chondrules and metal flakes . Dark shiny fusion crust . Photo Credit H. Raab , CC Wikipedia article . https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chondrite
Since it had a cometary orbit of about 50AU , Esko supposes it may even be a carbonaceous chondrite with lighter density . That is a rare type of primitive meteorite with organic compounds such as water , amino acids and hydrocarbons .
WHAT TO LOOK FOR : Chondrites : Look for rocks that a magnet will stick to . The surface may have a thin grayish fusion crust ( a thin melted layer one or two millimetres thick ) and scattered thumb sized hollows ( worn away by atmospheric friction called regmaglypts ) . Although rarer meteorites like the Tagish Lake carbonaceous chondrite meteorite looked like black charcoal briquettes .
Ignore layered sedimentary rocks ( shale , limestone , dolomite ) since these require an ocean to form , and this would n't be found on an asteroid in outer space . Also , if it has holes or bubbles inside ( like pumice ) that was likely from lava flows ( basalt-magma ) cooled with trapped volcanic gases , on Earth ( although there are rare exceptions : a large asteroid like Vesta had volcanoes ) . Also , ignore rocks containing quartz or calcite , since they form in high pressure , hot watery solutions .
Magnets : Since a lot of chondrite types contain iron oxides like magnetite , and some metal rich ones contain nickel-iron chondrules , a rare-earth magnet should stick to most .
Value : If a hiker finds a piece , it could be worth a lot of bucks per gram or it may be disappointing . Common iron meteors are only $ .50/gram to $ 5/gram , rarer stony meteorites $ 2 to $ 20/gram , and really rare ones $ 100 or $ 1000/gram or more , depending on if they have embedded gems or if they 're from Mars or the Moon . And some meteors are dense and heavy , so they go a long way . For example , back in 2000 , the rare carbonaceous chondrite meteor that landed on frozen Tagish Lake on the B.C.-Yukon border brought Jim Brook , the lodge owner who found it an estimated $ 850,000 . The University of Alberta , with Canada 's second-largest meteorite collection , bought most of the meteorite . For sample meteorite pricing , see http : //www.meteorlab.com/METEORLAB2001dev/offering21o.htm
The Washington University in St. Louis has a great webpage showing all sorts of meteorites at http : //meteorites.wustl.edu/id/metal2.htm .
If you do find a possible meteorite , send a photo to Dr. Hildebrand . Note that American Meteor hunters have to report to the Canadian Customs , Canada has export restrictions on them .
[ meteorite_flow_chart.gif ]
Above is a flow chart guide designed by Deborah Guedes in Brazil to help identify a meteorite . http : //www.lpi.usra.edu/meetings/metsoc2010/pdf/5357.pdf “ Regmaglypts ” are those worn-away thumb sized hollows in the surface .
The College meteor camera has seen large fireballs or bolides of over 100 kg that hit the ground about four times in the past six years . The last was :
– December 20 , 2014 over Canal Flats , BC hitting by Marconi Peak on White Swan Lake road . This was possibly a rare carbonaceous chondrite .
– September 26 , 2011 over Banff , AB , hitting in the park .
– May 14 , 2011 over Creston , BC , hitting by Duck Lake .
With shared videos from other ground stations in the BC Meteor network , like West Kelowna , Penticton , Courtney , Vancouver or Prince George , we can triangulate where these have impacted to within 2 or 3 kilometers . We then have a chance to find these rare meteorites and to find out what they contain .
College of the Rockies also belongs to the Sandia National Laboratory North American meteor network , and we upload videos of fireballs to there. ” ​
Rick Nowell
Astronomy Lab Tech
College of the Rockies
Cannibal father kills his three-year-old daughter by biting her neck and sucking out her blood like a vampire
Papua New Guinea father arrested on cannibalism charges
Man A bit three-year-old girl 's neck and sucked her blood until she died
The local community has branded the man ' a possessed vampire '
A man has been arrested on cannibalism charges in Papua New Guinea after he took his young daughter 's life by biting her neck and sucking out her blood .
The three-year-old child 's murder has shocked the country , which has become hardened to numerous cases of witchcraft and brutal killings .
Police said the murder of the child had left the community all horrified and resulted in the local paper , The Post Courier , running a front page headline declaring : 'Vampire Father ' .
Terror in paradise : The man wrenched his daughter out of her mother 's arms when they visited him in Morobe Province , pictured , and ran off with the little girl ( stock image )
The incident was described as ' a sickening act of cannibalism ' , a comment supported by police .
The father , named as Rex Eric , from the Finschhafen District in Morobe Province , has been charged with cannibalism and wilful murder , although investigations are still continuing .
Local councillor John Kenny , who was the first to reach the tragic scene , said the incident occurred after the mother and the child came to visit the father , from whom she is believed to be separated .
'He grabbed the baby girl from her , jumped over a fence and ran into bushes where he carried out this terrible thing , ' said Mr Kenny .
'He held the baby close to him , a bit deep into her neck , ate the flesh , sucked the blood , ' he told the newspaper .
Cannibalism : According to witnesses in Morobe , the father jumped over a fence and ran into nearby bushes where he ate bits of his daughter 's flesh and drank her blood until she was dead ( stock image )
'Two boys who were climbing coconut trees nearby saw him and ran quickly to the ( nearby ) settlement to alert the people .
'He was just laughing at the boys and continued eating the flesh and sucking the blood .
'The boys were scared and ran quickly to alert the people . '
The baby girl 's body was found where the father had dumped her in the bushes .
The man ran towards a church seminary where other villagers grabbed him and handed him over to the authorities .
The Nintendo-licensed 64 GB and 128 GB microSDXC SanDisk memory cards will be available at select retail outlets starting in October 2017 . ( Photo : Business Wire )
The Nintendo-licensed 64 GB and 128 GB microSDXC SanDisk memory cards will be available at select retail outlets starting in October 2017 . ( Photo : Business Wire )
The Nintendo-licensed 64 GB and 128 GB microSDXC SanDisk memory cards will be available at select retail outlets starting in October 2017 . ( Photo : Business Wire )
REDMOND , Wash. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Nintendo and Western Digital Corporation ( NASDAQ : WDC ) have formed a global partnership to create Nintendo-licensed memory cards for use in Nintendo Switch video game systems . The microSDXC cards will be available in capacities of 64 GB and 128 GB , and will feature the Nintendo Switch and SanDisk logos .
“ Western Digital is a global leader in memory storage , and its SanDisk brand microSD cards are trusted by consumers around the world , ” said Tom Prata , Nintendo of America 's Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives . “ These new Nintendo-licensed memory cards provide significant additional storage for digital content , and in many retail locations they will be conveniently displayed alongside Nintendo Switch games and accessories . ”
“ As more and more amazing games and related content become available for download on Nintendo Switch , our licensed memory cards allow users to quickly and easily expand their storage , ” said Sven Rathjen , Vice President of Product Marketing , Client Solutions , Western Digital . “ Nintendo Switch has generated tremendous momentum , and we are thrilled to partner with Nintendo to offer consumers a trusted card for their system . ”
Nintendo Switch gives players the option to supplement their system 's built-in storage , depending on how much digital content they choose to download . Ever since Nintendo Switch launched in March , the system has become home to a continually growing library of diverse downloadable games and content . Additional storage enables players to download more digital games and content , and take it all on the go . Also , a microSD card will be needed for certain Nintendo Switch games that contain an especially large amount of content and require additional storage for players to enjoy the full experience .
The Nintendo-licensed 64 GB and 128 GB microSDXC SanDisk memory cards will be available at select retail outlets starting in October 2017 .
For more information about Nintendo Switch , visit http : //www.nintendo.com/switch .
About Nintendo : The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment , Nintendo Co. , Ltd. , of Kyoto , Japan , manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch™ system and the Nintendo 3DS™ family of portable systems . Since 1983 , when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System™ , Nintendo has sold more than 4.4 billion video games and more than 703 million hardware units globally , including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems , as well as the Game Boy™ , Game Boy Advance , Nintendo DS™ family of systems , Super NES™ , Nintendo 64™ , Nintendo GameCube™ , Wii™ and Wii U™ systems . It has also created industry icons that have become well-known , household names , such as Mario , Donkey Kong , Metroid , Zelda and Pokémon . A wholly owned subsidiary , Nintendo of America Inc. , based in Redmond , Wash. , serves as headquarters for Nintendo 's operations in the Americas . For more information about Nintendo , please visit the company 's website at http : //www.nintendo.com .
About Western Digital : Western Digital Corporation ( NASDAQ : WDC ) is an industry-leading provider of storage technologies and solutions that enable people to create , leverage , experience and preserve data . The company addresses ever-changing market needs by providing a full portfolio of compelling , high-quality storage solutions with customer-focused innovation , high efficiency , flexibility and speed . Our products are marketed under the HGST , SanDisk and WD brands to OEMs , distributors , resellers , cloud infrastructure providers and consumers . For more information , please visit www.hgst.com , www.wd.com , and www.sandisk.com .
About SanDisk : SanDisk , a Western Digital Corporation brand , provides trusted and innovative flash storage products that have transformed the electronics industry . SanDisk 's quality , state-of-the-art solutions are at the heart of many of the world 's largest data centers , and embedded in advanced smartphones , tablets and PCs . SanDisk 's consumer products are available at hundreds of thousands of retail stores worldwide .
Note to editors : Nintendo press materials are available at http : //press.nintendo.com , a password-protected site . To obtain a login , please register on the site .
Evan Reynolds has been given a new lease of life by the fully functional artificial replacement .
The sports biology student at University of the West of England ( UWE ) , in Bristol , was the second person in Britain to be fitted with the advanced i-LIMB hand .
Mr Reynolds , 19 , from Haslemere , Surrey , said it took him only minutes to adapt to the product , which is controlled by electronic muscle signals from the remaining part of the limb .
The innovation has five independently powered digits which operate like a human hand when closing around an object .
The rugby-playing student , who had dreamed of joining the Army and going to Sandhurst , had his left hand ripped off as a friend drove him home following a day out .
He was sitting in the passenger seat with his hand resting on the wound-down window ledge when the car scraped a wooden post at the exit to the car park . Mr Reynolds ' hand was taken off instantly .
His friends saved his life by applying a tourniquet to stop the bleeding .
He said : `` It was very nasty . It was amputated in a second .
`` Obviously I could n't join the Army any more ''
The i-Limb was developed by a Scottish company , Touch Bionics , and has won awards for its innovative technology . The total cost including the hand itself and the fitting is about £30,000 .
Mr Reynolds 's older brother Richard saw a television report about the i-LIMB and contacted the manufacturer .
The firm was still working on a prototype at the time , but after a number of tests and meetings with prosthetic specialists , Mr Reynolds had the i-LIMB fitted in February last year .
He said : `` The most amazing thing about it was how quickly I adapted to it . People always ask how it 's changed my life , but there 's no specific thing .
`` It 's the hundreds of everyday things you take for granted , which I can do again , like peeling a potato , catching a ball , holding a bottle of water .
`` I 'm incredibly grateful . ''
He added : `` It 's so sensitive I can grip a bottle of water or a paper cup without crushing it , and even swing a racket . All I have to so is imagined picking something up or gripping it and the fingers and thumb move automatically . ''
Mr Reynolds said his disability has not stopped him playing sport , his greatest passion , nor has it crushed his spirit .
He still plays rugby , but makes sure he removes the expensive appendage first .
He said : `` I love sport , I still play rugby , I still play squash , but I take the i-LIMB off first . ''
Time Magazine named the i-LIMB as one of the Top 50 inventions of 2008 and Touch Bionics won the Limbless Association 's Prosthetic Product Innovation Award for 2008 for the product . American soldiers injured in action are among those who have been given it .
Elderly women robbed at knifepoint at Buddhist temple in western Sydney
Updated
Police are searching for two men who broke into a Buddhist temple in Sydney 's west and threatened two elderly women .
Officers said the men , who were armed with knives , forced entry to the Chua Phuoc Hue temple at Victoria Street , Wetherill Park , about 7:40pm on Monday .
Inspector Adam Bird said at this stage he understands the men were of Caucasian appearance .
He described the two women as nuns .
NSW Police spokeswoman Sonya Roberts said the men threatened the women , aged 81 and 87 , who had been asleep in the temple 's sleeping quarters .
`` The men stole an amount of cash and an iPad they ran from the location and are yet to be located , '' she said .
`` Both women were treated at the scene for shock , the 81-year-old has been admitted to Fairfield Hospital for further observation .
`` Anyone who might have witnessed any suspicious activity around the area of the temple last night and is yet to speak to police should call Crime Stoppers . ''
Inspector Bird said the 81-year-old woman was pulled to the floor and suffered minor bruising to her back .
`` Detectives from Fairfield Local Area Command are investigating , they 're hoping to re-interview the victims later today , with the assistance of an interpreter , we 're hoping to have a better description of the offenders later today , '' he said .
`` The details are a little sketchy at this stage , due to the language barrier ... but we believe they were both armed with knives . ''
He said the offence was alarming .
`` The ages of the two victims , 81 and 87 years of age , they 're elderly ladies , so it 's quite worrying . ''
Topics : armed-robbery , community-and-society , crime , law-crime-and-justice , wetherill-park-2164 , sydney-2000 , nsw
First posted
Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale may be done with Batman , but much like screenwriter David S. Goyer , The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises producer Charles Roven is set for a second spell with the Caped Crusader when Batman vs. Superman hits cinemas in 2015 , and Roven – who also produced this year 's Man of Steel – has offered up a few words about the upcoming sequel during a chat with Variety .
“ We wanted a guy who had a certain age and a certain gravitas to what he had done in terms of his recent work , ” states Roven on the controversial casting of Ben Affleck as Batman : “ If you take a look at The Town and Argo , he plays a couple of serious guys in those movies . He 's a big man . He 's also a mature man . As you see him and Henry Cavill [ Superman ] together , one definitely has much more experience just by looking at him . That 's what we wanted , particularly juxtaposed against our Superman . ”
Roven then went on to offer a brief update on the status of the Man of Steel sequel , as well as touching upon how the idea came about : “ On Batman vs. Superman , we started soft prep in June , and we 'll be shooting eight months later… We felt that we accomplished our goals with Man of Steel . Our intention was to bring Superman into the 21st century with a contemporary character and a different kind of superhero than what 's out there right now . We knew we had created a world and we had left Easter eggs in the movie that let people know that in the universe that Zack Snyder was creating , there was the possibility of other DC characters besides Clark Kent . We had a sketch of an idea , the beats of a story that David Goyer worked on with Zack . We have a first draft , and we 're continuing to work with it . Those scripts are never fully finished until the movie is in the theaters . We love the characters — we think that Ben is going to be a really great and interesting Batman . ”
Batman vs. Superman is set for release on July 17th 2015 , with Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill joined in the cast by returning Man of Steel stars Amy Adams ( Lois Lane ) , Diane Lane ( Martha Kent ) and Lawrence Fishburne ( Perry White ) .
Padmavati row : Akhil Bharatiya Kshatriya Mahasabha announce Rs 1 crore reward to anyone burning Deepika Padukone alive
The ‘ Padmavati ' controversy is just refusing to die down . After the Kshatriya Samaj announced a reward of Rs 5 crore on beheading Deepika Padukone , the Akhil Bharatiya Kshatriya Mahasabha ( ABKM ) has also put a reward of Rs 1 crore to anyone burning the Bollywood actress alive . Stating that the actress should realise how it feels when Rani Padmavati had performed Jauhar to save her modesty , the ABKM President reportedly said that Deepika would know the real character of Rani Padmavati when she is burnt alive . He also added that they will give Rs 1 crore to anyone forcing her to do so . Meanwhile , due to CBFC 's refusal to certify the film on the grounds of ‘ incomplete application ' , the makers have voluntarily delayed the film 's release . Initially , set to hit the screens on December 1 , the film 's new release date has n't been announced yet .
There is a video on YouTube named Mereana Mordegard Glesgorv . If you search this , you will find nothing . The few times you find something , all you will see is a 20 second video of a man staring intently at you , expressionless , then grinning for the last 2 seconds . The background is undefined .
This is only part of the actual video .
The full video lasts 2 minutes , and was removed by YouTube after 153 people who viewed the video gouged out their eyes and mailed them to YouTube 's main office in San Bruno . Said people had also committed suicide in various ways . It is not yet known how they managed to mail their eyes after gouging them out . The cryptic inscription they carve on their forearms has not yet been deciphered .
YouTube will periodically put up the first 20 seconds of the video to quell suspicions , so that people will not go look for the real thing and upload it . The video itself was only viewed by one YouTube staff member , who started screaming after 45 seconds . This man is now under constant sedation and is apparently unable to recall what he saw . The other people who were in the same room as him while he viewed it and turned off the video for him say that all they heard at the time was a high pitched drilling sound . None of them dared look at the screen .
The person who uploaded the video was never found , the IP address being non-existant . And the man in the video has never been identified .
There are some fresh options to take a load off downtown . The city is rolling out a new style of bench along 21st Street .
`` Some of the benches that we 've had , have been in place almost 30 years . So they 're getting a little harder to repair and they need to be repaired more often , so it 's time to replace them , '' said Lesley Anderson , the city 's director of planning and development .
The newly installed benches are sleek and modern with light coloured wooden slats supported by gleaming metal . And perhaps most notably , they do n't have backs .
Anderson said the style emerged a clear favourite after consulting with both the public and Downtown Saskatoon , which represents businesses in the area .
`` We reviewed various plans and prototypes of the different pieces of streetscape materials and there was a desire for a more modern look for the furniture . ''
Anderson said whether the new style of bench will pop up in more spots around the city remains to be seen .
`` They 're just debuting on 21st Street . That 's our major renewal project for the year and we 'll be moving through our other older streetscapes over the next few years , '' said Anderson .
`` If there are other options out there that are preferred , we 'll work through that at the time . ''
Tonight , Medicine Hat City Council ratified the design and construction of the Medicine Hat Regional Event Centre with the capacity of 7,059 to be located in Box Springs Business Park in the northwest part of the city adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway .
By an eight to one vote , City Council adopted the recommendation from the Public Services Committee chaired by Alderman Graham Kelly to build the new event Centre that was designed by PBK Architects and will be constructed by PCL Construction Leaders . Council also agreed to have SMG Worldwide Entertainment and Convention Venue Management operate the building which will become the new home for the Medicine Hat Tigers .
“ We are extremely elated to have a new facility in the near future that will allow our fans the best possible experience for Tigers hockey , ” said Dave Andjelic , Tigers ' senior director , marketing and public relations . “ Not only will the new event centre be terrific for our use but it will also serve the citizens of Medicine Hat very well for the many other events the building will attract . We look forward to making the move to the event centre in a couple of years . ”
“ This is truly a historic day for our franchise moving forward . It has been a long while coming but we are truly grateful with the outcome of council 's vote tonight . ”
“ The Tigers would like to thank all the previous members of the steering committee that laid the ground work for this day to come . We also thank the three chairmen Jamie White , Alderman Thompson and Alderman Kelly for their hard work on this project , as well as , former Mayor Garth Vallely and Mayor Boucher . We extend our appreciation to the members of Medicine Hat City Council and also thank the citizens of Medicine Hat who have supported this venture and will see it come to completion , ” stated Tigers ' president Darrell Maser .
Construction is expected to begin in August of this year with an anticipated completion date for September of 2015 .
—
The use of a 19-ton truck to cut down scores of seaside revelers in Nice , France — if connected to jihadist-inspired terrorism — would represent a dramatic escalation in what experts describe as an emerging trend in attacks : simple , even crude instruments employed to kill ever-larger numbers of people .
Thursday 's rampage appears to have set a grisly new standard as one of the deadliest attacks in years in which most victims were killed by nonexplosive means . ­Instead of guns or bombs , the driver mainly used his vehicle to crush men , women and children who had gathered to watch a fireworks display .
Investigators are still looking for clues that the driver , identified on Friday as a Tunisian-born immigrant with a record of petty crime , had any ties to extremists . But intelligence officials and terrorism experts worried that the attack 's stunning effectiveness could serve as an inspiration to terrorist groups around the world , while perhaps portending yet another evolution in the methodology used by violent jihadists loyal to al-Qaeda or the Islamic State .
“ We have reached a stage where terrorist organizations want to create an environment in which they could hit anywhere at any time , using whatever method , ” said a European security official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive assessments of terrorist strategy . “ The videos and messages against France and other European countries have been published in various social-media platforms , with the message to ‘ use whatever to kill , even cars . ' ”
Since June , suspected terrorists have launched five major attacks on three continents , all using comparatively simple but lethal technologies , from small arms to simple explosives . U.S. officials have issued repeated warnings that even cruder tactics , such as vehicle assaults on crowds , could happen in the United States . A 2010 Department of Homeland Security report said overseas terrorists were contemplating “ vehicle ramming attacks — using modified or unmodified vehicles — against crowds , buildings ” and other targets likely to feature large concentrations of people . Such attacks could be carried out by individuals with “ minimal prior training or experience , ” the report warned .
[ Tunisian immigrant suspected in French terrorist attack ]
“ The use of a large truck in the attack — alongside the high death toll and deliberate targeting of a large crowd at an ideologically symbolic event — represents an evolution in the use of the tactic and potentially indicates a higher level of operational planning , ” said Matthew Henman , who heads the Terrorism and Insurgency Center at IHS Jane 's , a private firm specializing in military and security analysis . Henman warned of a heightened risk of “ copycat attacks ” in France and elsewhere in the near future .
The assault along one of the French Riviera 's most renowned promenades follows a series of calls by both the Islamic State and al-Qaeda affiliates for spontaneous acts of terror by any means available . Abu Muhammad ­al-Adnani , the chief spokesman for the Islamic State , specifically encouraged using automobiles as weapons .
“ If you are not able to find an IED [ improvised explosive device ] or a bullet , then single out the disbelieving American , Frenchman , or any of their allies . Smash his head with a rock , or slaughter him with a knife , or run him over with your car , or throw him down from a high place , or choke him , ” Adnani said in a 2014 message . Such appeals have increased in recent months as the military offensive against Islamic State strongholds gains momentum .
In recent weeks , scores of civilians have been slaughtered by jihadist-inspired assailants using mostly small arms , blades and grenades , from the June 12 shooting rampage in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando to the June 29 assault on Turkey 's Ataturk International Airport to this month 's terrorist attack in Dhaka , Bangladesh , by militants armed with pistols and machetes . Even the Islamic State 's trademark suicide bombings rely on a relatively simple design , including an explosive that can be assembled from commonly available ingredients .
[ Witnesses describe gruesome scene as truck slammed into revelers ]
Other Islamic State-inspired attacks have involved the use of automobiles as weapons , though never with such deadly results . Assault-by-vehicle attacks in two French cities in 2014 killed one person and wounded 20 , and a similar incident in January wounded a French soldier in the city of Valence . Islamist attackers in London killed an off-duty British soldier by striking him with a car and then stabbing him .
French investigators have so far identified only a single perpetrator — the driver , Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel , a Tunisian-born Frenchman — in Thursday 's attack , but analysts say the high death toll suggests careful planning to ensure maximum carnage .
“ The fact that the driver had guns and grenades with him suggests that this is more complicated than someone getting in a truck and deciding to plow into a crowd on a national holiday , ” said Bruce Hoffman , a professor and director of the Security Studies Program at Georgetown University .
Thursday 's event occurred a week after the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which the Islamic State 's leaders had designated as a time for accelerated terrorist attacks around the world . To some analysts , it suggests that the heightened tempo of assaults over the past month was not a temporary aberration .
“ The West was initially in denial of the magnitude of the threat , believing it could be contained to the perennially violent Levant and Iraq , ” Hoffman said . “ Then we imagined that counter-radicalization programs and ramped-up intelligence could manage the threat in our own countries .
“ The events of the past eight months — and especially the past weeks — are exposing that as wishful thinking , ” he said .
Mekhennet reported from Frankfurt , Germany .
Read more :
Even as it launches attack , ISIS quietly prepares for loss of ‘ caliphate '
ISIS 's ambitions grow as its territory shrinks
CIA chief : ISIS still a potent threat despite setbacks
Sens . John McCain and Barack Obama have been all but silent when it comes to repairing America 's failing infrastructure , and with all that 's going on in the world right now , they might be forgiven for it . They should n't be . Investing heavily in our infrastructure is just the thing for reinvigorating our tanking economy .
The candidates can talk all they want about shoveling money into alternative fuels , electric cars and high-speed rail , but none of that will mean much if our roads , bridges and rails ca n't support them . The next president must commit to fixing our infrastructure . Such an investment will create jobs , strengthen our economy and make America more competitive .
`` ( Congress ) should invest in the more than 3,000 ready-to-go highway projects that could be under contract within the next 30 to 90 days , '' says John Horsley , executive director of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials . `` Funding these ready to go projects offers Congress a tremendous opportunity to put Americans to work and help cash-strapped states repair and replace our crumbling infrastructure . ''
History shows us the time to act is now .
The state of America 's infrastructure – roads , bridges , drinking water , even schools and transit systems – could n't be much worse . A report card issued three years ago by the American Society of Civil Engineers gives it all a D. The society says we 've got to spend about $ 1.6 trillion just to bring things up to a B- .
`` We 're issuing a new report card next March , and we do n't anticipate the grades getting any better , '' David Mongan , the organization 's president , says . `` If you look at federal and state infrastructure spending , it has n't increased . The best we can hope for is that we 've held steady since our last report . ''
Is it really that bad ? Yes , it is . One of every four bridges in the country is either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete , and bringing them up to snuff will cost $ 140 billion , according to the American Association of State Highway Transportation Officials . America 's drinking water infrastructure is woefully underfunded ; the Congressional Budget Office says we must invest at least $ 11.6 billion over the next 20 years . Highway congestion costs us $ 78 billion annually through the 4.2 billion hours and 2.9 billion gallons of gasoline we waste each year , according to the Texas Transportation Institute . The list goes on .
Of the two candidates , Obama 's said the most about the issue , but even he is n't saying much . At the bottom of the sixth page of his economic policy paper
( .pdf ) , Obama calls for the creation of a National
Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank . It would `` expand and enhance , not supplant , existing federal transportation investments . '' On the face of it , that means a new chunk of money would be allocated for infrastructure projects as opposed to simply shifting cash from other projects . Obama wants to deposit $ 60 billion into the bank over five years . That 's far short of the $ 225 billion a bipartisan transportation policy commission recommends spending each year for the next 50 years , but it 's a start . If Obama 's numbers are to be trusted , the bank would create two million jobs and generate $ 35 billion in economic activity each year .
As for McCain , he has n't said much of anything . If anyone 's seen a specific infrastructure platform from him , we 'd like to see it . That said , his record so far is n't stellar . Among other things , he 's called for a national gas tax holiday , which would save people pennies at the pump but take money away from the already strained Highway Trust Fund , which finances construction projects . Three years ago , McCain voted against the Transportation Equity Act , which provided more than $ 286 billion for transportation infrastructure .
Clearly America needs to invest quickly and heavily in its failing infrastructure , and , ironically , now may well be the perfect time to do so . The spiraling economy has drawn comparisons to the Great Depression . While that may be extreme , there 's no doubt we 're in for tough times . A national infrastructure initiative could make things a little easier .
During the Depression , President Roosevelt poured $ 11.4
a billion ( about $ 175 billion in 2008 dollars , by our estimate ) into the Works Progress Administration . The agency spent nearly $ 4 billion on highway and road projects and more than $ 2 billion on public buildings and utilities . All told , the WPA put 8.5 million people to work between 1935 and 1943 . Together those people built 651,087 miles of roadway , built or improved 124,031 bridges , erected 125,110 public buildings and laid 853 airport runways . Not bad at a time when the unemployment approached 25 percent .
Beyond providing jobs
\– analysts say every $ 1 billion spent on transportation projects creates 35,000 jobs – a modern-day WPA would produce lasting benefits . `` China is spending 9 percent of its GDP on infrastructure , and we 're spending something like one or two percent , '' says Allen D. Biehler , Pennsylvania 's transportation secretary . `` A sustained investment would not only create jobs that have a strong multiplier effect on the larger economy , but would prevent us from falling behind other nations . ''
A country that 's gridlocked , crumbling , and collapsing is n't going to serve us well . Spend the money now , enjoy the benefits later .
Photo by Flickr user by Kanaka Paradise Life .
Today on `` This Week , '' Glenn Greenwald - the reporter who broke the story about the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs - claimed that those NSA programs allowed even low-level analysts to search the private emails and phone calls of Americans .
`` The NSA has trillions of telephone calls and emails in their databases that they 've collected over the last several years , '' Greenwald told ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos . `` And what these programs are , are very simple screens , like the ones that supermarket clerks or shipping and receiving clerks use , where all an analyst has to do is enter an email address or an IP address , and it does two things . It searches that database and lets them listen to the calls or read the emails of everything that the NSA has stored , or look at the browsing histories or Google search terms that you 've entered , and it also alerts them to any further activity that people connected to that email address or that IP address do in the future . ''
Greenwald explained that while there are `` legal constraints '' on surveillance that require approval by the FISA court , these programs still allow analysts to search through data with little court approval or supervision .
`` There are legal constraints for how you can spy on Americans , '' Greenwald said . `` You ca n't target them without going to the FISA court . But these systems allow analysts to listen to whatever emails they want , whatever telephone calls , browsing histories , Microsoft Word documents . ''
`` And it 's all done with no need to go to a court , with no need to even get supervisor approval on the part of the analyst , '' he added .
But the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee told Stephanopoulos he would be shocked if such programs existed .
`` It would n't just surprise me , it would shock me , '' Sen. Saxby Chambliss , R-Georgia , said on `` This Week '' Sunday .
Chambliss said he recently spent time with NSA officials and was assured that the programs Greenwald describes have been exaggerated .
`` I was back out at NSA just last week , spent a couple hours out there with high and low level NSA officials , '' Chambliss said . `` And what I have been assured of is that there is no capability at NSA for anyone without a court order to listen to any telephone conversation or to monitor any e-mail . ''
Chambliss said that any monitoring of emails is purely `` accidental . ''
`` In fact , we do n't monitor emails . That 's what kind of assures me is that what the reporting is is not correct . Because no emails are monitored now , '' Chambliss said . `` They used to be , but that stopped two or three years ago . So I feel confident that there may have been some abuse , but if it was pure accidental . ''
But Greenwald said the existence of these analyst search programs are in line with the claims of Edward Snowden , who first leaked details of the NSA 's surveillance programs last month .
ABC News
`` It 's an incredibly powerful and invasive tool , exactly of the type that Mr. Snowden described , '' Greenwald said .
NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander and House Intelligence leaders have previously downplayed Snowden 's access to NSA data . Greenwald said the revelation of this search capability deserves a response from NSA officials when they testify before Congress again this week .
`` NSA officials are going to be testifying before the Senate on Wednesday , and I defy them to deny that these programs work exactly as I just said , '' Greenwald said .
Greenwald , who will join via video-link a separate bipartisan congressional group hearing from critics of the NSA 's surveillance programs on Wednesday , called on lawmakers to push for more information about the NSA 's practices .
`` The real issue here is that what the NSA does is done in complete secrecy . Nobody really monitors who they are eavesdropping on , '' Greenwald said . `` So the question of abuse is one that the Congress ought to be investigating much more aggressively . ''
Snowden , the former NSA contractor who leaked information about two sweeping intelligence programs , has previously warned that they are open to abuse by those with access . In a video interview with The Guardian , he said , `` Any analyst at any time can target anyone… I , sitting at my desk , had the authority to wiretap anyone , from you or your accountant to a federal judge to even the president if I had a personal email . ''
Snowden has been holed up in a Moscow airport for weeks . He is currently attempting to secure temporary asylum in Russia on the grounds that he would be tortured or face the death penalty if he returned to the United States .
Attorney General Eric Holder responded to Snowden 's appeal last week , writing in a letter to the Russian government , `` These claims are entirely without merit . ''
FULL COVERAGE : Edward Snowden
Today , Greenwald told Stephanopoulos that Snowden 's petition is still pending , but the former NSA contractor prefers that the focus be elsewhere .
`` I think he 's content with having nothing happen so the focus is n't on him , but is on the substance of the revelations that he came forward to shine light on , '' Greenwald said .
Like `` This Week '' on Facebook here . You can also follow the show on Twitter here .
Go here to find out when `` This Week '' is on in your area .
Grey Korhonen contributed to this report .
Monster Hunter X , which was announced a few months ago for the Nintendo 3DS , is sure to be a big hit . However , we have n't had much information dished out lately regarding Capcom 's latest entry in the best-selling Monster Hunter franchise . That all changed today when Famitsu published an interview with Monster Hunter series producer Ryozo Tsujimoto , Monster Hunter X producer Shintaro Kojima , and director Yasunori Ichinose . Siliconera has rounded up all the information which you can read below .
One of the main focuses was having a system that brings the possibilities of using the same weapons with different play-styles .
The plans for Monster Hunter X began sometime around the production of Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate . Capcom wanted to bring out more of a “ festive ” feeling that 's not in Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate , so they decided to bring back villages from past titles , and add four main monsters , instead of the usual one-per-title .
The “ Hunting Style ” is a system that was made to bring out more possibilities from each weapon .
Capcom originally thought about adding a new weapon type . While that would 've given Monster Hunter X a decent selling point , it would 've been a lot of work , and would have required more of a focus on the new weapon ( s ) . Instead , the team decided to focus on the player 's “ attachment to the weapon ” as a concept .
Hunting Styles come in four forms . One is the basic style seen in the past . The second lets you set more “ Hunting Arts ” than usual , along with more showy and offensive actions . The third one specializes in mid-air fights , which also lets you jump off monsters for special attacks and more . Finally , the fourth one is a style with the theme of “ turning a pinch into an opportuniy . ”
Hunting Arts came from the idea of giving players more of their own unique characteristics . There are several Arts , and these may vary depending on how they 're used . Some of them will work better with certain Hunting Styles , so players will get to mix and match to their liking .
Hunting Arts range from special attacks that deal major damage to enemies , or heals that recover allies , and buffs that support your party .
Capcom have prepared numerous Hunting Arts for each weapon , but there are also some “ basic Hunting Arts ” that can be used with any weapon , and you 'll get to choose from them all .
The four main monsters wo n't simply appear over time as you advance through the game with one being stronger than the other , but they 're actually all along the same rank . They 're called the “ Elite Four ” among the developers .
Dinobaruto is the one they showed this time , and the idea behind it came from the thought of “ hey , let 's make a land-type Rathalos. ” While Dinobaruto uses fire attacks , it does n't fly , and focuses more on its actions on the ground . It has the image of a monster that would 've lived back in the “ world of dinosaurs. ” With its tail and attack characteristics , it has a bit of a knight and swordsman 's feeling to it , and is the more orthodox monster of the four main monsters .
The war of words between the RSS 's Goa unit and the BJP-run state government is showing no signs of abating , with the government asserting that grants to English medium schools will continue despite the Sangh 's opposition , and the latter starting campaign against this “ minority appeasement ” in constituencies of ministers and BJP lawmakers .
Advertising
The state RSS chief has warned that if the government does not withdraw the grant by June 1 , “ we will find an alternative of the BJP ” .
[ related-post ]
But emphasising that grant to English medium schools in the state will “ continue ” , BJP 's Goa unit chief V D Tendulkar told The Sunday Express : “ A majority of students in these schools are Hindus . Many of those running the movement have their children in English medium schools , but they are asking people to get their children educated in Konkani and Marathi . This is hypocrisy. ” Tendulkar also alleged that some of the protesting leaders run English-medium schools .
Perhaps for the first time , the state RSS is taking this campaign to constituents of BJP leaders . On Sunday , it is scheduled to hold a rally in Siroda , the constituency of Social Welfare Minister Mahadev Naik . This comes after state RSS had held a rally in CM Laxmikant Parsekar 's constituency , Mandrem , on April 17 . Pointing out that the Mandrem rally saw a “ record turnout ” , RSS 's Goa Sanghachalak Subhash Velingkar told The Sunday Express : “ We brought their voters and told them about the issue… . This agitation will be decisive . The government grant should be withdrawn by June 1 ( or ) we are going to the constituencies and bringing together their voters… ”
Velingkar also said the Sangh knows Parsekar and Union Defence Minister and former CM Manohar Parrikar have “ already met ” BJP chief Amit Shah . “ We have learnt that they have met even Narendra Modi-ji , ” he said . “ There is pressure from the BJP , but the RSS represents the people , not any party — hum unhein siddhant nehin todne denge ( we will not allow the BJP to go against principles ) . ”
The Sangh and Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch , which has many Swayamsevaks as members , have been leading an agitation demanding that the state government withdraws its grant to all 129 primary schools that impart education in English — a move that , the government contends , would adversely impact nearly 29,000 students .
The government wants to bring a Bill on the issue and legalise the grants , a move vehemently opposed by the Sangh .
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
Nancy Pelosi is…well , I think the preferred term these days is “ special. ” How “ special ” is she ? The leading Democrat in the House of Representatives used the shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise as evidence that the Hearing Protection Act needs to die .
Seriously .
From Breitbart :
As Rep. Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) was welcomed back to Congress on September 28 , Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) pointed to the attack–in which a progressive shot Scalise–and argued that suppressors ought not be deregulated . It must be noted that a suppressor was not used when the attacker opened fire in Congressional baseball players on June 14 . According to Roll Call , Pelosi said the GOP has placed suppressor deregulation “ under the facade that it 's for hunters. ” She then regurgitated the same false , leftist narrative that the result of suppressor regulation would be silenced , undetectable guns . She mentioned the shooting of Scalise and said , “ If you can hear , you can run. ” In other words , if the gun makes sound then you can flee the gunman .
As was noted over at Breitbart , suppressors are not silencers . There 's still noise . In fact , in the vast majority cases , there 's still sufficient noise to warn people something is up .
However , I have to applaud her creativity . After all , the whole , “ We need to keep this firearm-related item controlled because of deranged progressives ” is a novel and somewhat compelling reason . I 'm sure the tendency of some progressives to embrace violence at the drop of the hat , even if they have to drop the hat themselves , adds to that particularly compelling narrative .
Of course , all most of us are going to do is point and laugh . Next , she 'll be talking 30-round magazine clips and shooting a shotgun through the door .
It 's always funny how people who know absolutely nothing about the topic of firearms feels so qualified to pontificate on that same topic . Almost invariably , those who support gun control are those most likely to spout nonsense about guns . They 're the ones who pass laws establishing evil features for assault rifles , but then not even know the purpose of those same features . ( Anyone remembers a certain congresswoman not being able to say what a barrel shroud does ? Hint : It 's not a “ shoulder thing that goes up . ” )
It 's impossible for lawmakers to be experts on everything . I get that . However , it behooves them to at least become educated on the bills they 're considering , and not just the biased reports of groups dedicated to denying law-abiding citizens their basic civil rights . Maybe actually getting some experience with the device , perhaps ?
No , watching spy movies with their uber-quiet silencers–the kind that does n't seem to exist in real life–does n't count .
Suppressors are a safety device that minimizes damage to the shooter 's hearing , but many weapons will need hearing protection even with the suppressors . However , as someone who has had an earplug work lose at the range , I can tell you that a suppressor would have still made a difference .
Do you know what else would make a difference ? Politicians like Nancy Pelosi keeping their mouth shut if they ca n't speak intelligently on a given subject .
How do you create a publicly traded microcap ? IPO a small cap and lose a lot of money . Quite a number of microcaps came to be in just this manner . A recent personal acquisition of just such a historical money-loser inspired this article . Some math was required to evaluate what the tax net operating loss ( NOL 's ) carry forwards might be worth going forward . Factoring such tax advantages into the valuations of companies is rather common , but much more so for microcaps than for larger companies . Large companies , after all , usually did n't get to be large by losing a lot of money . In the case of my recent acquisition the company has been especially adept at losing money . In fact , the company has tax NOL 's that are roughly 16 times the company 's current market valuation . I figure they wo n't be paying income taxes for the next twenty years . What 's that worth ? I 'll bet the answer will surprise you .
The statutory Federal corporate income tax rate in the United States varies from 15 % for lower incomes to a top bracket of 35 % . States lay some income tax on top of that and you 'll sometimes see companies report income tax expense as high as 38 % to 40 % of pre-tax income . The 35 % top rate is the highest among industrialized countries but in 2011 the average rate paid by U.S. corporations was a record low of just 12.1 % . There were tax benefits from the large losses many companies experienced in the 2008 recession but also R & D credits and special breaks for special industries . The U.S. imposes confiscatory rates and then hands out tax breaks to constituencies favored by the politicians ; a recipe for corruption . But this is an investing blog and let me just note that a small successful company without the benefit of NOL 's or political bribes pays significant income taxes . I 'm going to use an effective rate of 30 % for the calculations in this article .
Suppose your company is a no growth company with a pre-tax return on equity of 10 % that pays all their earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends . After paying 30 % corporate income tax the company earns 7 % on their equity and pays all the earnings to shareholders . That 's probably the right thing to do if you 're just earning 7 % on your capital . If they have NOL as their friend , they earn 10 % return on equity and shareholders earn a much nicer dividend that is 42.8 % higher . If those NOL 's could last forever the untaxed company would be worth 42.8 % more than the one paying 30 % to the government every year . Tax NOL 's generally can be carried forward to offset future income for a maximum of 20 years . That 's a long time , but not forever , so our no growth companies value is enhanced somewhat less than 42.8 % by NOL .
But what if your company is a growth stock ? That is , they earn a high pre-tax return on equity and can reinvest earnings back into the company at the same high return on equity ? Are the tax NOL 's worth more ? You bet . Let 's compare two companies with a pre-tax ROE of 20 % that are absolutely identical except one pays taxes for the next 20 years and the other does not . The book value of the company with the NOL 's in twenty years would increase by the factor ( 1 + 0.20 ) 20 = 38.33 . The same company paying taxes at 30 % each year would have a return on equity after taxes of just 14 % . After 20 years the fully taxed company would have increased book value by a factor of ( 1 + 0.14 ) 20 = 13.74 . After 20 years the two companies are again equal in the eyes of Uncle Sam as the NOL 's have expired . However , the company that used their friend NOL is worth 38.33/13.74 = 2.79 times more than their tax-paying counterpart .
So you should mark up the value of any company with large NOL 's with 20-year expirations by a factor of almost three ? Not so fast . First the valuation markup depends a lot on the return on equity . Highly profitable businesses with an opportunity to reinvest earnings at the same high rate benefit much more from NOL 's than their lower earning brethren . The chart below shows the markup factor as a function of after tax return on equity and the number of years before the NOL 's run out or expire .
Avoiding taxes for 20 years rather dramatically increases the value of high return businesses . The 25 % return on equity business , for example , becomes a 35.7 % return on equity business and is worth more than 5 times as much as the identical but taxpaying counterpart . This is the miracle of compounding at work .
I generally would n't pay the premium prices for companies with NOL 's suggested by this chart , however . Using NOL 's comes with restrictions . The IRS will disallow NOL 's in the event of a change of control , so you ca n't sell your microcap to someone bigger . The IRS will also find that a change of control has occurred if more than 50 % of the shares change ownership in a three year period . Only 5 % holders who must report holdings changes to the SEC count . The IRS does n't even know when we little guy buy and sell . You 'll often see poison pills that prevent acquisition of more than 5 % of the shares without the permission of the board of directors . Asure Software ( ASUR ) , Broadwind Energy ( BWEN ) , Horizon Lines ( HRZL ) , and Kingsway Financial ( KFS ) are a few microcap examples among many that have NOL preservation rights plans . I would also note that the value of NOL 's diminish or disappear if the company does n't hit the ROE 's you expect . NOL 's are an intangible tax asset . If the companies forecasts future profitability a “ deferred tax asset ” will appear on the balance sheet to reflect the value of the NOL 's . But it 's very high risk to pay the high valuation multiples from NOL 's suggested by the plots above . If future earnings are n't what you expect the deferred tax assets must be reduced by the accountants but worse the tax benefit you counted on is reduced too . In the worst case , NOL 's become totally worthless if you stop making money . Of course it can work the other way too . If the company is more profitable than you projected the NOL 's may be worth more too .
Of course , managers of companies with NOL 's are well aware of arithmetic and will try to take advantage . Asure Software , for example , has large NOL 's . They 've made four acquisitions in the last three years financed mostly by debt ( to boost ROE ) and the stock has tripled . Kingsway Financial has also made three acquisitions in just the last year and intends to issue preferred stock to continue to acquire and grow . This is frequently the strategy ; grow quickly using debt to maximize the value of your NOL 's . Acquisition strategies are notorious for destroying shareholder value but the strategy can actually make sense for a company with NOLs . Every time a company with NOL 's buys a profitable company everyone is happy . The target company shareholders probably get a premium price , the acquirer gets a company worth more to them than to the seller , and the IRS gets screwed !
So companies with tax NOL 's have a serious competitive advantage . A rather ordinary 10 % ROE business becomes a valuable 14 % ROE business . Should you just go buy up all the companies that have lost a lot of money ? I 'm not keen on owning loser companies but if something has happened to change the fortunes of the company going forward then I 'm interested . I own Asure software , for example , which lost money in the videoconferencing and patent troll business but now is a cloud software company aimed at the growing mobile workforce market . The new management is first rate and might get onto the 19 % ROE curve that gets boosted to 27 % with their NOL 's . Those NOL 's should last 10 years . Consulting the chart , the company 's money-losing history roughly doubles the value of the company .
Most microcap investors were well aware before reading this article that NOL 's are an asset . My hope is that some readers may now realize what a tremendous asset they can be especially for a highly profitable growth company that can reinvest earnings at a high rate . Highly profitable companies with a long history of big losses are rare . Hedge fund managers are attracted to them . Often times activists are trying to create them . When you come across one , you should consider the advantages of the NOL 's . And finally , if you find one you like , tell your friends at MicroCapClub about them !
Get Alerted to our Next Educational Blog Post Leave this field empty if you 're human :
MicroCapClub is an exclusive forum for experienced microcap investors focused on microcap companies ( sub $ 300m market cap ) trading on the United States and Canadian markets . MicroCapClub was created to be a platform for experienced microcap investors to share and discuss stock ideas . MicroCapClub 's mission is to foster the highest quality microcap investor Community , produce Educational content for investors , and promote better Leadership in the microcap arena . If you are a passionate microcap investor , Join Us .
Share this : Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Print
If you 've been using Git for more than a short length of time , you 'll hopefully have heard of Git hooks . If not , Git hooks , as Andrew Udvare introduced here on SitePoint back in August of last year , are scripts which run , based on certain events in the Git lifecycle , both on the client and on the server .
There are hooks for pre- and post-commit , pre- and post-update , pre-push , pre-rebase , and so on . The sample hooks are written in Bash , one of the Linux shell languages . But they can be written in almost any language you 're comfortable or proficient with .
-- ADVERTISEMENT --
As Tim Boronczyk pointed out in September 2013 , there are a wide range of meaningful purposes which hooks can be put to . These include linting , spell-checking commit messages , checking patches against accepted coding standards , running composer , and so on .
Now , PHP 's a great language , do n't get me wrong , but it 's not necessarily the best language for shell scripting . Admittedly , it 's gotten a lot better than it once was . But compared to languages such as Bash , Python , and Ruby , it has n't been quite as suitable for creating Git hooks ; that is , until now .
Thanks to Static Review , by Samuel Parkinson , you can now write Git hooks with native PHP , optionally building on the existing core classes . In today 's post , I 'm going to give you a tour of what 's on offer , finishing up by writing a custom class to check for any lingering calls to var_dump ( ) .
Installing the Library
Like most , if not all modern PHP libraries and packages , StaticReview is installable via Composer . To install it in your project , run composer require sjparkinson/static-review in the root of your project . With that , let 's get going .
A Working Example
Like any code , the best way to understand it is to step through a real example , such as the one below , taken from the StaticReview project repository .
Firstly , like all shell scripts , it defines what will run the script . In this case , it 's PHP . After that , the Composer autoload script is included , so that the script has access to all the required classes , as well as a warning , should to autoload script not be available .
# ! /usr/bin/env php < ? php $ included = include file_exists ( __DIR__ . '/ .. /vendor/autoload.php ' ) ? __DIR__ . '/ .. /vendor/autoload.php ' : __DIR__ . '/ .. / .. / .. /autoload.php ' ; if ( ! $ included ) { echo 'You must set up the project dependencies , run the following commands : ' . PHP_EOL . 'curl -sS https : //getcomposer.org/installer | php ' . PHP_EOL . 'php composer.phar install ' . PHP_EOL ; exit ( 1 ) ; }
Next , as with most modern PHP scripts , all of the required classes are imported , and three variables are initialized . These are : a Reporter , a CLImate , and a GitVersionControl object . The Reporter object provides information about the hook , whether the hook succeeded or failed . The CLImate object makes outputting colored text and text formats simple . And the GitVersionControl object simplifies interactions with Git .
// Reference the required classes and the reviews you want to use . use League \C LImate \C LImate ; use StaticReview \Reporter\Reporter ; use StaticReview \Review\Composer\ComposerLintReview ; use StaticReview \Review\General\LineEndingsReview ; use StaticReview \Review\General\NoCommitTagReview ; use StaticReview \Review\PHP\PhpLeadingLineReview ; use StaticReview \Review\PHP\PhpLintReview ; use StaticReview \StaticReview ; use StaticReview \VersionControl\GitVersionControl ; $ reporter = new Reporter ( ) ; $ climate = new CLImate ( ) ; $ Git = new GitVersionControl ( ) ;
Next , it creates a new StaticReview object , and passes in the types of reviews to run in the hook . In the case below , it adds five . These reviews :
Checks if the file contains any CRLF line endings
Checks if the set file starts with the correct character sequence
Checks if the file contains NOCOMMIT .
. Checks PHP files using the built-in PHP linter , php -l .
. Checks if the composer.json file is valid .
Then , it tells the review to check any staged files .
$ review = new StaticReview ( $ reporter ) ; // Add any reviews to the StaticReview instance , supports a fluent interface . $ review - > addReview ( new LineEndingsReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new PhpLeadingLineReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new NoCommitTagReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new PhpLintReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new ComposerLintReview ( ) ) ; // Review the staged files . $ review - > review ( $ Git - > getStagedFiles ( ) ) ;
Similar to other forms of validation , if issues are reported by any of the review classes , each issue is printed out to the terminal , in red , preceded by an ✘ , and the commit does not complete . However , if there are no problems , then a success message , ✔ Looking good . Have you tested everything ? , is printed out , and the commit is allowed to complete .
// Check if any matching issues were found . if ( $ reporter - > hasIssues ( ) ) { $ climate - > out ( `` ) - > out ( `` ) ; foreach ( $ reporter - > getIssues ( ) as $ issue ) { $ climate - > red ( $ issue ) ; } $ climate - > out ( `` ) - > red ( '✘ Please fix the errors above . ' ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } else { $ climate - > out ( `` ) - > green ( '✔ Looking good . ' ) - > white ( 'Have you tested everything ? ' ) ; exit ( 0 ) ; }
So far , nothing you 'd be unfamiliar with , if you 've worked with Git hooks before . But how , specifically , does a review class operate ? Every Review class extends AbstractReview , which implements ReviewInterface . This interface requires two methods to be implemented : canReview ( ) , and review ( ) .
canReview , as the name implies , determines if a review can be run , and review does the actual review . Take ComposerLintReview.php as an example , which you can see below . canReview ( ) checks if the file being reviewed is called composer.json . If so , review ( ) can be called .
This then creates a command which invokes Composer 's validate functionality on composer.json , and passes that to the getProcess method , implemented in AbstractReview , running the process . If the process is not successful , an error message is created , and set on the Reporter object , by passing it to a call to Reporter 's error ( ) method , as well as the file which was reviewed .
public function canReview ( FileInterface $ file ) { // only if the filename is `` composer.json '' return ( $ file - > getFileName ( ) === 'composer.json ' ) ; } public function review ( ReporterInterface $ reporter , FileInterface $ file ) { $ cmd = sprintf ( 'composer validate % s ' , $ file - > getFullPath ( ) ) ; $ process = $ this - > getProcess ( $ cmd ) ; $ process - > run ( ) ; if ( ! $ process - > isSuccessful ( ) ) { $ message = 'The composer configuration is not valid ' ; $ reporter - > error ( $ message , $ this , $ file ) ; } }
In a nutshell , that 's all that 's required to create a Git hook to validate files on one of the events in the Git lifecycle .
A Custom Review
If you browse under vendor/sjparkinson/static-review/src/Review/ , you 'll see there are quite a number of pre-packaged Review classes available . They cover Composer , PHP , and general purpose reviews . But what if we want to create one ourselves , one to suit our specific use case ?
What if we 're concerned that we might leave var_dump statements in our code ? We would n't , right ? But hey , never hurts to be sure , as old habits can sometimes die hard . So what would a custom review look like ? Let 's work through one and find out .
First , we 'll create a new directory structure to store our PSR-4 compliant code . Use the following command in the project 's root directory .
mkdir - p src / SitePoint / StaticReview / PHP
Then , in composer.json , add the following to the existing configuration , and run composer dumpautoload :
`` autoload '' : { `` psr-4 '' : { `` SitePoint\\ '' : `` src/SitePoint/ '' } }
This will update Composer 's autoloader to also autoload our new namespace . With that done , create a new class , called VarDumpReview.php in src/SitePoint/StaticReview/PHP . In it , add the following code :
< ? php namespace SitePoint \StaticReview\PHP ; use StaticReview \File\FileInterface ; use StaticReview \Reporter\ReporterInterface ; use StaticReview \Review\AbstractReview ; class VarDumpReview extends AbstractReview { public function canReview ( FileInterface $ file ) { $ extension = $ file - > getExtension ( ) ; return ( $ extension === 'php ' || $ extension === 'phtml ' ) ; } public function review ( ReporterInterface $ reporter , FileInterface $ file ) { $ cmd = sprintf ( 'grep -- fixed-strings -- ignore-case -- quiet `` var_dump '' % s ' , $ file - > getFullPath ( ) ) ; $ process = $ this - > getProcess ( $ cmd ) ; $ process - > run ( ) ; if ( $ process - > isSuccessful ( ) ) { $ message = ' A call to ` var_dump ( ) ` was found ' ; $ reporter - > error ( $ message , $ this , $ file ) ; } } }
Based off of PhpLintReview.php and ComposerLintReview.php , canReview checks if , based on the extension , the file being checked is a PHP file . If so , review then uses grep to scan the file for any references to var_dump .
If any are found , an error is registered , which tells the user that a call to var_dump was found , and the commit fails . If you were to run it , you could expect output as in the screenshot below .
Creating the Hook
There 's just one last step to go , which is to create a Git hook from our hook class . In a new directory Hooks in my project root , I 've copied the hook code we worked through at the beginning of the article , making one small change .
I added our new Review file to the list of Reviews , as follows :
$ review - > addReview ( new LineEndingsReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new PhpLeadingLineReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new NoCommitTagReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new PhpLintReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new ComposerLintReview ( ) ) - > addReview ( new VarDumpReview ( ) ) ;
With that done , create a pre-commit hook , by running the following command .
./ vendor / bin / static - review . php hook : install hooks / example - pre - commit . php . Git / hooks / pre - commit
And with that , if you look in .git/hooks , you 'll now see a symlink created from pre-commit , to our new hooks file . To test the hook , make a call to var_dump ( ) in any PHP file , stage the file , and attempt to commit it .
You should n't even be allowed to create a commit message before the error message shows . If you then update the file to remove the call to var_dump ( ) , you should see a success message , before being able to add a commit message as in the image below .
Wrapping Up
And that 's all it takes to create simple or powerful Git hooks , using one of the most versatile languages around , PHP . I only came across Static Review thanks to the ever vigilant Bruno Skvorc . But I 'm really thankful he suggested checking it out .
With it , I can now do one more , ever important development task , using my favorite software development language – PHP . Are you already using Static Review ? If so , share your experience in the comments . I 'm keen to know how people more experienced than myself are using it .
President Trump said during the campaign that he would put people on the Supreme Court that would overrule Roe V. Wade and give abortion rights to the states .
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-SC . ) asked Gorsuch if Trump asked Gorsuch if he would overturn Roe V. Wade .
Here is the epic moment :
Here is how Gorsuch responded :
“ Senator , I would have walked out the door , ” said Gorsuch .
Neil Gorsuch is an awesome man and will be an awesome Supreme Court Justice . I know that we do n't want Roe V. Wade to stand but Neil Gorsuch answered this question perfectly .
Here is the video again .
`` Senator , I would 've walked out the door , '' Gorsuch says when asked if Pres . Trump asked him to overrule Roe . v. Wade https : //t.co/9cXeVrh2kY pic.twitter.com/K5iZfNJcr0 — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) March 21 , 2017
Supreme Court Justices are not supposed to be beholden to the President . They are supposed to uphold the rule of law .
Judge Neil Gorsuch : `` Nobody is above the law in this country , and that includes the President of the United States. ” https : //t.co/LXtaL8ZaHU pic.twitter.com/koxplf2FYh — CNN ( @ CNN ) March 21 , 2017
God bless , Neil Gorsuch ! This man is going to make this country better . He is pro-life but is going to make sure that the rules on the books are upheld . His role is to interpret the law not change it . ( h/t Washington Post )
We need more justices like Gorsuch . Amen .
Another popular tweet and post on Tumblr is a map titled “ Romney 's responsibility map . ”
`` Instructions : Cut out the 47 % of the country that does n't matter , ” the image reads .
We ca n't afford a President who says “ my job is not to worry about ” 47 % of the American people : twitter.com/BarackObama/st…
— Barack Obama ( @ BarackObama ) September 18 , 2012
Romney said 47 percent of the country 's population , which he does not expect to vote for him , is “ dependent upon government ” and believes “ they are victims , '' according to video filmed at a private fundraiser earlier this year . The Obama campaign has called Romney 's remarks dismissive .
“ When you 're president of the United States , you 're president of all the people , not just the people who voted for you , ” White House press secretary Jay Carney said earlier on Tuesday .
The Romney campaign has not used social media to respond .
Hello hello !
As some of you may know , Farmerleaf Teas has been around for a few years now . However , they recently started selling their own teas in a company-run site for just over a year now . Farmerleaf also has an ad on my site , so naturally , I was a little hesitant to review any of their teas . Despite having an ad on my site , it would be a great idea to start reviewing them ( as non-paid content ) because honestly , they should n't escape my criticisms as much as the next company . If anything , they 're going to have a harder time passing my standards because they do have an ad on the site . With a critical eye , and with all of my judgements reserved for tea , this is Farmerleaf Tea 's Autumn 2016 Jingmai Ancient sheng puer…
Steeps 1 - 4
I started this session with 6.6g of tea for a 100ml vessel , and used water at a temp of 185ºf . Anyhow - the tasting notes started with the refreshing medicinal base body of roasted hay , which left the afterthought of a leaf pile resting on the tongue . After this tea began to open up , its body began to thicken as it was getting heavier and heavier . Even this early on , this tea 's body was already proving to be thick , yet refreshing at the same time
Steeps 5 - 8
The bodying tasting note of a leaf pile grew thicker as the base of this tea began to resemble a thick broth . There was still a medicinal undertone , but with the growing strength of this tea , there was also an ever so slight bitter that followed . As the steeps went on , the warming broth kept getting more refined which helped create a blissful medley .
Steeps 9 - 12
In these later steeps , this tea 's body became smoother and resembled a velvet blanket being dragged across the tongue . The light bitterness disappeared altogether as the leaf pile transformed into a more earthy tasting note , which resembled a damp forest with a coating of sweet moss . This tea 's liquor was clear , crisp , and heavy — which lasted up to the last infusion . After fourteen steeps , and after being lightheaded from this tea 's powerful energy , it was time to end the session here…
Conclusion
In conclusion , Autumn 2016 Jingmai Ancient was a pleasant experience that kept changing throughout the course of the session . One of this tea 's greater attributes is the fact that it was complex and full of tasting notes . Despite these teas heavy body , it was still very refreshing to the tongue and at times , made the mouth water for more . Overall , despite being under heavy scrutiny of my judgements ( and disregarding that Farmerleaf has an ad on my site ) , this tea was an excellent experience that I would definitely recommend . So while this is n't a paid review and my opinions have n't been influenced , I can reassure you that this is one tea that was enjoyable throughout… .
This Month The Mad Chemist
2
`` The inclusion of this footnote in a quite scholarly article , '' Lambert explained , `` stemmed from the discovery that Dr. Gaspar ... and I shared a mutual , and independently long-standing esteem for the adventures of Donald Duck . We both had retained copies of some of the classic adventures . It was Dr. Gaspar who rediscovered this early mention of carbene . ''
Other members of the scientific community sought out the reference . A year later , the Studio received a letter from Richard Greenwald , a scientist at Harvard . `` Recent developments in chemistry have focused much attention to species of this sort , '' Greenwald commented . `` Without getting technical let me say that carbenes can be made but not isolated ; i.e . they can not be put into a jar and kept on a shell . They can , however , be made to react with other substances . Donald was using carbene in just such a manner , many years before 'real chemists ' thought to do so . ''
The telltale panel has since been used to illustrate an article by Robert A. Moss ( `` Carbene Chemistry , '' Chemical and Engineering News , 16 June 1969 ) and a textbook by Robert Morrison and Robert Boyd ( Organic Chemistry , 3rd Edition , Boston : Allyn and Bacon , 1973 ) .
Global information Sources
SHE describes herself as the turtle that simply trudges along , but this has not stopped fitness trainer Rachel Hernould from competing and winning in the women 's category for several of the local and international triathlons she has competed in over the years .
The mother is set to compete in yet another triathlon this November , but this one will be even more meaningful as she gets to face off with her only daughter for the first time ever . It 's a competition both are looking forward to , with one citing youth on her side and the other , experience .
Hernould first started competing in triathlons over 10 years ago when her friend reached out to her for help training . Although her friend eventually stopped competing , the mother of two does not have any immediate plans to do likewise .
`` She wanted to get fit again and she needed a goal and she asked if I wanted to join her in training and I was already at a fairly decent fitness level and it sounded like something exciting to do , '' Hernould explained .
The personal trainer has entered several competitions in Jamaica , two in the Cayman Islands , another two in Tobago and one in Vietnam where she was living for two years with her husband who was a pilot in that country until he relocated to Saudi Arabia .
While running , swimming and walking long distances in a tropical country is torturous , Hernould prefers this to competing in the cold .
`` One of my rules of thumb is that if you have to wear a wetsuit , the water is cold and so I am not interested , so I have n't strayed to anywhere that is cold , '' she said .
Regardless of the country , however , she finds that a common thread running through most of the competitions she has entered , is the fact that there are relatively fewer women competing . This she feels — and not necessarily her athletic ability — is the real reason she has often been among the top performers in the women 's category .
Although she competed a lot during the earlier years , the 48-year-old fitness instructor said she has since cut back drastically , and only competes once per year to remind herself that she is still young at heart . In the case of Jamaica , the standard for a triathlon is a half-mile swim , then a 13-mile bicycle ride , followed by a three-mile run . The training for such events are just as taxing , with the running aspect always proving to be the most challenging for her .
`` The training requires a lot of your time , because you are training for three sports at once , '' she said .
Hernould 's 22-year-old daughter Bianca has never competed in a triathlon before , but she is a great runner and plans to use this to her advantage when she makes her debut next month . She competed in athletics while attending university in Atlanta and has also participated in cross country events and at least one half marathon , which has further strengthened her endurance .
Her strategy for this upcoming event scheduled for Montego Bay , St James , she said , will be `` to get lots of sleep and stretches '' .
Both try to get as much training done in the early mornings before Hernould has to turn to training her clients . Thanks to the flexibility of her job , the personal trainer gets to reserve some time during her days and on the weekend to take part in those activities she loves . One such is cycling , which she has been doing for over 14 years .
Initially , Hernould started cycling with a small group of men on Jamaica 's busy streets , but after an accident one day which saw three of her friends being hit by a driver who fell asleep around the wheel , she joined the Cutters Cycling Club , so she could have a much larger group to ride with .
`` We have been all over Jamaica on those bicycles . We have seen some hills and gullies that I think a lot of Jamaicans have n't seen , '' she said .
Hernould takes a lot of pleasure in contributing to the improvement of the overall health and fitness levels of her clients . It 's a job she has been doing for over 17 years , and still loves doing today .
Being a fitness instructor is not as lucrative as her previous job as the owner of a small bakery which she sold when she became a certified fitness instructor , however , it is much more rewarding . Having been in the fitness industry for so long , she feels that the country is gradually becoming more health conscious .
`` I think Jamaicans have become more aware of health and fitness and how important it is , '' she said .
Annemiek van Vleuten , the Dutch rider involved in a horrific crash while leading the women 's Olympic road race , has said she does n't think the final descent on which she fell was unusually dangerous .
Van Vleuten , who sustained severe concussion and three fractures in her spine , was one of a number of riders to fall . Chris Boardman , commentating for the BBC , said that the descent “ was way past being technical ; it was dangerous . ”
The UCI has defended the course . In a statement , the governing body said : `` The Rio 2016 road race course was carefully designed and was extensively tested at the test event and in training . We do our utmost to design safe , challenging courses but unfortunately crashes do sometimes occur due to a combination of factors . ''
Speaking to Sky Sports , van Vleuten seemed to be of a similar mind .
`` I think I was very lucky . I 've three broken bones in my back and a concussion but mentally is the hardest part . That 's going to need some more time to recover . `` I watched back the video and I felt for my mother as it must have been horrible to see that . For me , I am okay now and the worst part was not going to the finish . `` There are always risks with cycling and people put pressure on themselves on the descent . I did n't take any strange risks because I knew I had a gap . It 's risky but that 's part of cycling and it was not an extremely dangerous downhill . `` I prefer to watch the part before the crash and we watched the part where I was riding uphill so well , better than I have ever done before , and that gives me positive energy to continue . ''
Since being released from hospital , van Vleuten has paid a visit to the velodrome to give support to her track cycling team-mates .
She will now fly home . In a statement on her website , she thanked people for their messages but said she was keen to put the crash behind her .
CLOSE The family of Mohammod Youssuf Abdulazeez has issued a statement saying that he has suffered from depression for many years . The 24-year-old is suspected of killing four Marines and a Navy petty officer in Chattanooga . USA TODAY
This booking photo from April 2015 and released by the Hamilton County Sheriff 's Office shows Mohammod Youssuf Abdulazeez . ( Photo11 : Handout , AFP/Getty Images )
The FBI is examining Mohammod Youssuf Abdulazeez 's cellphone and computer to determine whether the 24-year-old who killed four Marines and a Navy petty officer in Tennessee on Thursday was involved with the Islamic State terrorist group , the chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security said Sunday .
Investigators are also looking into Abdulazeez 's recent trip to Jordan , federal law enforcement officials have confirmed . The officials , who are not authorized to comment publicly , said the gunman was not known to law enforcement officials prior to Thursday 's attack .
Tennessee Gov . Bill Haslam called for a review of security at National Guard armories and other military installations .
`` We do n't want to leave our folks out there as targets , '' Haslam told NBC 's Meet the Press .
Haslam 's office said he directed Maj. Gen. Max Haston , Tennessee 's adjutant general , to review which Guard personnel are authorized to be armed while on duty and to `` identify and arm additional Guardsmen where necessary to protect themselves , citizens , and Guard facilities . ''
Since the shooting , governors of at least a half-dozen states have ordered National Guardsmen to be armed . Florida Gov . Rick Scott moved his state 's Guard recruiters in urban areas from storefronts to armories .
Appearing on ABC 's This Week , U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , did n't say whether his office believes that Abdulazeez was directly involved with or influenced by the Islamic State , also known as ISIL or ISIS , but he said the group 's members from Syria `` activate people in the United States , '' targeting military installations and police officers .
`` What keeps us up at night are the ones we do n't know about , '' McCaul said . `` And I 'm afraid this case falls into that category . ''
CLOSE The family of the man who authorities say killed four Marines and a sailor in Chattanooga said in a statement that their son suffered from depression and was not the son they knew . USA TODAY
The FBI identified Abdulazeez as the shooter in the attack at a U.S. Navy Reserve Center in Chattanooga .
Abdulazeez 's family released a statement through lawyers Saturday night , saying he suffered from depression `` for many years . ''
In the statement , they expressed their `` deepest sympathies and condolences to the families of the honorable servicemembers and police officers who were victims of the shooting our son committed on Thursday in Chattanooga , Tennessee — our community , and one we have loved for over twenty-five years . ''
`` Our prayers go out to the victims ' families , friends , and everyone who is affected by this tragedy , '' the statement said .
`` There are no words to describe our shock , horror , and grief . The person who committed this horrible crime was not the son we knew and loved . For many years , our son suffered from depression . It grieves us beyond belief to know that his pain found its expression in this heinous act of violence . ''
Abdulazeez , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Kuwait , died in a shootout with police . He had earlier shot up an armed forces recruitment center in the city . Hours before the rampage , he texted a link to an Islamic verse to a friend , Reuters reported . The message included the line : `` Whosoever shows enmity to a friend of Mine , then I have declared war against him . '' The friend requested anonymity for fear of a backlash , according to the news agency .
Counterterrorism investigators , meanwhile , continued to interview acquaintances of Abdulazeez and delve into his months-long visit to Jordan last year , looking for clues to who or what might have influenced him .
The four Marines killed in the attack were identified as Gunnery Sgt . Thomas Sullivan , of Springfield , Mass . ; Staff Sgt . David Wyatt of Burke , N.C. ; Sgt . Carson Holmquist of Polk , Wis. ; and Lance Cpl . Squire K. Wells of Cobb , Ga. A fifth victim , Navy Petty Officer Randall Smith , a logistics specialist originally from Paulding , Ohio , died early Saturday .
CLOSE The death toll in the Chattanooga shooting has climbed to five after a Navy petty officer wounded in the shooting rampage passed away . Four Marines were also killed , along with the gunman . VPC
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1J8NrKG
click to enlarge Photo via Flickr/Whatsername ?
Ah , the night before Thanksgiving — that occasion for old high school classmates and out-of-town relatives to pack local bars and prepare for the grueling family ordeal to come.But just because you 're dreading the inevitable shitshow does n't mean you can get sloshed and put yourself behind the wheel of a car . That remains totally not cool.To combat drunk driving tonight , Missouri booze distributor Major Brands is offering more than 200 free rides home for drinkers in St. Louis , Kansas City and Springfield.So if you find yourself wobbly later on , and you 're in St. Louis and Kansas City , you can do one of two things : Go to DShofer.com , download the app and use the promo code SHTG2016 to summon your ride . Alternatively , you can just call 855-726-6848 and make arrangements . ( Note that Springfield drinkers will have to pony up a $ 5 reservation fee . Reservations there can be made by calling 417-883-1900 . ) Anyway , be safe out there . Just remember , no matter how much you are dreading the Thanksgiving meal , there 's no excuse for putting others in danger on the road . And if all else fails , there 's always Uber . Do n't risk it , fam .
Did you hear the one about the Frenchman , the Czechoslovakian tank and the Japanese bike ? Sounds like a joke , right ? But the punchline is this sweet W650 “ Gentle Tracker “ , built by the Parisian guys at Blitz Motorcycles . When one of their customers came into the shop asking for a unique build and a very open brief , they obviously had a few ideas . But then when he mentioned the name of his business was Jawa Productions , they immediately thought they had to get their hands on an old Jawa tank .
Blitz started by powder coating the frame in a glossy red color called “ Carmin ” , it was the closest match to the original colour of the beat-up vintage Jawa CZ350 tank they found . They also painted the wheels , crankcase covers and fork in a shiny black powder coated . The cylinders were also painted in high temperature black paint . The handlebars are from a Triumph T140 US and fitted with clutch levers by ISR , tiny switches and Posh black glitter grips . They 've also used the ever popular Firestone Deluxe tires and placed a MotoGadget speedometer below the tank .
Apart from the cosmetic changes Fred and his team have lowered the W650 by 4cm ( 1.75 inches ) , added Hagon rear shocks , simplified the electrics and created a custom red battery box . They 've increased the horse power by adding Mikuni VM34 carburetters and K & N air filters . Lastly they 've thermo wrapped the exhaust pipes and added Supertrapp mufflers . And put it on a sweet old rug .
Overall Blitz have created a great looking tracker , particularly the contrast between the dented old Jawa tank to the shiny and fresh-out-of-the-box style of the rest of this Kwaka . Bon boulot !
Photos by Gary Jézégabel
If ever you doubted that our obscene campaign finance regime constitutes a form of legalized bribery , consider this : Reuters reports today that officials at top Wall Street banks recently convened to discuss how they could convince Democrats `` to soften their party 's tone '' toward the financial industry , and among the options now under consideration is halting campaign donations to Senate Democrats unless they rein in progressive populists like Sens . Elizabeth Warren ( D-MA ) and Sherrod Brown ( D-OH ) .
The banks represented at the Washington meeting included Citigroup , JPMorgan , Goldman Sachs and Bank of America , according to the report , and though the idea of withholding campaign contributions did not arise at that gathering , it has since been floated in conversations among representatives from the banks .
Advertisement :
While the action would only be taken against Senate Democrats , the report states that Democrats are fretting about larger repercussions :
The amount of money at stake , a maximum of $ 15,000 per bank , means the gesture is symbolic rather than material Moreover , banks ' hostility toward Warren , who is not a presidential candidate , will not have a direct impact on the presumed Democratic front runner in the White House race , Hillary Clinton . That 's because their fund-raising groups focus on congressional races rather than the presidential election Still , political strategists say Clinton could struggle to raise money among Wall Street financiers who worry that Democrats are becoming less business friendly .
Citigroup , Reuters notes , has already chosen not to contribute to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee `` over concerns that Senate Democrats could give Warren and lawmakers who share her views more power , '' while JPMorgan has pared back its donations . Goldman Sachs already sent the DSCC its $ 15,000 check , while Bank of America has yet to donate .
There are two salient points to be made here : First , while only the most naive mind could consider it surprising , that Democrats are clutching their pearls over a possible drought of Wall Street funds underscores how poisoned our campaign finance system has become , and it speaks volumes about the plutocratic capture of American politics . Moreover , the report further puts the lie to Chief Justice John Roberts ' apparently straight-faced assertion , writing his opinion in the Citizens United case , that campaign contributions are not intended to influence lawmakers ' official duties .
“ Spending large sums of money in connection with elections , but not in connection with an effort to control the exercise of an officeholder 's official duties , does not give rise to such quid pro quo corruption , ” Roberts wrote . “ Nor does the possibility that an individual who spends large sums may garner ‘ influence over or access to ' elected officials or political parties . ”
Yet here we have an industry that may well cut off a political party if it does not jettison proposals like breaking up `` Too Big To Fail '' institutions , reinstating the Glass-Steagall law separating commercial and investment banking , and reining in unscrupulous speculation . These proposals have galvanized the Warren wing of the Democratic Party , which may be emboldened but is far from dominant . Look no further than Wall Street 's affinity for the party 's likely presidential nominee , or the identity of the Democrats ' potential next leader in the Senate , a top recipient of financial industry contributions .
For Democratic neoliberals who have proven all too eager to forge an unholy alliance with the malefactors of great wealth , this Wall Street shakedown will only redouble their commitment to keep the financial powers-that-be placated .
Last year we did a project about facial hair and the NFL titled “ Gridiron Grooming ” that broke down every facial hairstyle ( and normal hairstyle ) in the entire League . We were also surprised to find that quarterbacks actually play better with some scruff in terms of Quarterback Rating .
Well this year we are returning to football facial hair with a project that shows the 12 best beards in the NFL evolving through the years . In a sense , this is the National Football League All Beard Team .
Watch Ryan Fitzpatrick go from a fresh faced rookie into a grizzled mountain man , or see how Andrew Luck 's neckbeard has evolved into an “ almost ” real beard . Even the normally clean shaven Clay Matthews is getting in on the action this year .
( Players left to right , top to bottom : Ryan Fitzpatrick , Travis Frederick , Jason Kelce , Nick Mangold , Andrew Luck , Eric Weddle , Clay Matthews , Bryan Stork , Brett Keisel , Joe Hawley , Louis Vasquez , Matt Slauson )
Fair Use : Feel free to share and post this image , in doing so , please link back to West Coast Shaving so your audience can view the original source .
Way ahead of schedule ( the target was late Summer ) Micron has started shipping GDDR5X Memory its customers , likely Nvidia first . Micron will offer the ICs in 8 Gb ( 1 GB ) and 16 Gb ( 2 GB ) densities which indeed is indicative for 8GB adn 16GB graphics cards . The upcoming GeForce GTX 1070 and 1080 ( if they are named that ) already have been indicated as 8GB products .
GDDR5X is your standard GDDR5 memory however , opposed to delivering 32 byte/access to the memory cells , this is doubled up towards 64 byte/access . And that in theory could double up graphics card memory bandwidth . Early indications according to the presentation show numbers with the memory capable of doing up-to 10 to 12 Gbps , and in the future 16 Gbps . So your high-end graphics cardsthese days hover at say 400 GB/s . With GDDR5X that could increase to 800~1000 GB/sec and thus these are very significant improvements , actually they are competitive enough with HBM .
The big advantage of 64 byte/access GDDR5X is that it does n't need hefty design changes other it would need compatible memory controllers , so this might be a very cost efficient methodology until HBM has matured and will be a more affordable solution .
AMD and NVIDIA are working on GDDR5X support .
Told ya ; )
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Spurs have been rocked by the news that defender Vlad Chiriches is out for six weeks .
The setback is a blow for boss Tim Sherwood with his team battling for a place in next season 's Champions League .
Scans have shown that a back injury that has kept the £8.5million Chriches on the sidelines since the end of last month are more serious than first thought .
It leaves Tottenham facing an injury crisis as Younes Kaboul is their only other senior centre-back behind Jan Vertonghen and Michael Dawson who played in the win over Everton on Sunday .
Tottenham sits fifth in the Premier League , three points behind fourth-placed Liverpool and two points above Everton .
Chiriches , 24 , last played for Spurs in their 5-1 home defeat to Manchester City on January 29 .
He has impressed at White Hart Lane since his arrival from Steaua Bucharest last summer .
Logan Square 's Two Way Lounge Is Getting Bought Out By Furious Spoon
By Mae Rice in Food on Jul 27 , 2016 2:24PM
Photo via Facebook
Logan Square 's Two Way Lounge ( 2928 W Fullerton Ave. ) will close this summer , a bartender there told Chicagoist . The Two Way , one of the last remaining dive bars in Logan Square , is getting bought out by its next door neighbor , Logan Square 's Furious Spoon , bartender Amanda McElroy said .
The sale is currently `` in limbo , '' though , McElroy explained , because the buyer is on vacation in Greece . Hence its vague close date : it is due to close at either the end of July or the end of August .
Whenever the Two Way shuts down , though , one of the last vestiges of old Logan Square will be erased from that block . The Two Way opened in 1968 , and though its history has been marred by at least one instance of horrendous violence , it 's sad to see it go the way of late-night burrito joint El Charro ( also replaced by Furious Spoon ) and the Mega Mall ( which will get demolished any day now to make way for Logan 's Crossing ) . A few years from now , no one will remember a time when you could get a beer for under $ 5—or anything for under $ 5 , really—in Logan Square . We 're not ready .
We 've reached out to Furious Spoon for more details , and we 'll update this post when we hear back .
This month , the Obscure Sci-Fi Primer hops back over to cyberpunk with the Fox series Dark Angel . Unusually for a sci-fi series on Fox , it actually managed to get a second season before being screwed over , which makes it the first show in the Primer to have lasted longer than one ( although the two seasons are radically different ) . More typically , it was shunted to the Friday Night Death Slot and quietly killed to make room for Fox 's next victim , Firefly . The show was created by James Cameron , the king of the box office himself , and Charles H. Eglee , and was originally made with the idea of a feminist superhero in mind . Set in a dystopian version of Seattle , of all places , Dark Angel possesses a lot of cyberpunk themes while focusing heavily on genetic engineering and secret government projects . But is it worth watching now , just 4 years away from the time it was set ?
Dark Angel follows Max , a genetically engineered “ X-5 ” , part of a program of super soldier creation , run by an organization called Manticore , from the early 2000s . Max and a whole class of other X-5s managed to escape back in 2009 . They split up for safety , and ever since she 's been looking for what happened to her brothers and sisters while playing the vigilante for her heroic hacker friend Logan Cale , better known to the world of Dark Angel as “ Eyes Only. ” Her day job is working for a bizarrely anachronistic delivery company , which does n't even pay enough to allow her to properly rent an apartment ( although it does , apparently , pay for huge quantities of motorcycle gas ) . It 's one of those superhero jobs that gives her an excuse to travel between the different sectors of the otherwise strictly divided city . The many anachronistic aspects of the show can be chalked up to an EMP blast set in the show 's backstory , which led to an economic crash and set tech in general back to… about the level it was at time the show was filmed . Convenient . They got the economic crash pretty close to the real one , though .
For a show that was short-lived , it managed to launch quite a few careers . Max is played by Jessica Alba , who went on to big-time stardom for a little while after this show ended . Logan is played by Michael Weatherly , who 's far more recognized now as DiNozzo on NCIS . Season 2 brings in another “ transgenic , ” one of the X-5s like Max , named Alec and played by Jensen Ackles , currently setting fangirl hearts aflutter as Dean on Supernatural ( that 's two articles in a row mentioning that show ! ) . Other familiar faces on the show include Nana Visitor ( Kira from Deep Space 9 ) as a villain and Grace Park ( Boomer from Battlestar Galactica ) in a brief spot as another transgenic .
The Good
Genetic Engineering is one of those things that does n't tend to get much focus on TV , so having a whole show about it is nice . It tends to be almost entirely overlooked in space-based shows , and when it does show up… well , that 's a topic for another time . Suffice it to say , the portrayal of it throughout season 1 is mostly done well .
As I mentioned earlier , the show was designed with feminist ideas at its core , and in that regard it 's fairly successful . Max is strong and independent , and does n't spend too much time worrying about romantic entanglements . Men do n't have to save her , and when they try , it 's usually more out of their personal desires to fulfill masculine stereotypes than her actually requiring their help . The show also has a gay main character and gives a surprisingly positive portrayal of transgendered people , which makes it almost shockingly progressive for a show with a 2000 premiere date .
Throughout the first season , the story 's myth arc is fairly strong , and that 's what managed to keep my interest . That degrades pretty quickly going into the second season , but the finale manages to pull some of the monster-of-the-week nonsense into a reasonable plot .
With a few exceptions , the grungy cyberpunk aesthetic is maintained very strongly , while not going too far in copying Blade Runner the way some other shows we 've looked at have . This helps it feel like a consistent world of its own , instead of a knockoff or a poorly decorated version of a modern real city .
Dark Angel had a few Star Trek alums working on it behind the scenes , including Ira Stephen Behr and Rene Echeverria , who both wrote scripts for the series . Since other aspects of the writing were… lacking , to say the least , having some experienced writers on hand helped to keep it going .
The Bad
So like I said , the show premiered in late 2000… but it is the 90s-est show I have ever seen . The dialog from most of the secondary characters has the most “ totally radical , ” written-by-people-who-never-used-slang-in-their-life feel to it . This extends to character names as well–everyone at Max 's workplace has a weird name . Sketchy , Normal , Herbal Thought ( who mysteriously disappeared between seasons ) , Original Cindy… it gets really grating . I assume it was part of the hip-hop/rap culture vibe that permeates the show , but it feels like a lame attempt at trying to give characters overly cool names like in traditional cyberpunk works .
Characterization throughout the show can be weird sometimes , and this applies to both seasons . Max , for example , hates guns , but has no problem killing with her bare hands . I 'm not talking “ Batman beat them up and leave them in a situation where they might die ” style killing , either . I 'm talking snapping necks . And when her friends find out her secret , their “ good-natured joshing ” seems a lot more vicious than it ought to . I mean , calling her a “ genetically engineered killing machine ” is a little harsh , do n't you think ? Would you want your friends reminding you of that constantly ? No , I did n't think so . Which brings me to…
Acting problems . For a show that launched so many careers , the acting is often subpar . Part of this is due to the irritating overuse of slang , as noted above ; it 's hard to deliver that kind of dialog in a convincing way , so that 's on the writers . Part of it seems like it could come from directing , as they are n't consistently awful or anything . But trying to claim it 's the directing is impossible to prove ; James Cameron steps in for the finale , and there 's a pretty noticeable difference when he does , but not everyone is at the top of their game , even with Cameron . So I got ta put some of it on the actors .
The whole “ cat DNA ” / ” going into heat ” thing is probably the worst plot device ever . ugh . Feline DNA is not relevant or demonstrated at all , more of an informed ability . The “ going into heat ” aspect especially feels like something some executive forced them to include for extra sex appeal , which is ironic given the “ sex symbol ” status that Jessica Alba achieved not long after . I guess the tight leather outfits were n't enough .
You might have noticed I keep specifying season 1 or season 2 . That 's because there was a major retool between seasons ; apparently it was doing well enough to get renewed , but not well enough that Fox was happy with it . The story arc is pushed into the background , instead giving the show a “ freak of the week ” feel to it as a huge number of other transgenics are released in the season 2 premiere . It makes no sense plot-wise for Manticore to have been holding onto all these horribly deformed failed experiments ; they use the above “ cat DNA ” as an excuse to create more monstrous-looking characters , as part of that concession to monster-of-the-week demands . They introduce a ton of new characters in the beginning of the season and take the focus off of the existing ones through obnoxious and convoluted means , like a virus that 's keyed only to Logan . Most of the new characters become irrelevant quickly to boot . The ones that stick around , most controversially Jensen Ackles ' Alec , are ANNOYING as fuck . I hated his character so much I was ready to give up on it entirely . Apparently , there 's a rather large rift in the fandom over this , between people who came to the show later to see more of their Supernatural favorite , and people who watched it when it aired and blame his introduction , and all it stands for , for ruining the show . It 's easy to see why .
All in all , Dark Angel had a fairly interesting premise and a story that was worth following , but as is the case with many Fox shows , executive interference beat it down and killed it . The first season is significantly better than the second , in my opinion , but the second does have an uptick in quality about halfway through . It 's just that the show was already hanging by a thread and could n't afford to waste half the season floundering in the wake of Fox 's meddling . Big changes in tone ( Can you call it Dark Angel with all the darkness removed ? ) and a timeslot shift finished it off , and as usual , that means cliffhanger ending .
A quick reminder of my rating system : a 5 represents must-see–a “ hidden gem , ” as it were . A 4 is good , solid television . A 3 is “ cult classic ” stage , where the show 's appeal is likely limited to a specific group . A 2 is flawed , but fun , or even “ so bad it 's good , ” depending on the series and its release timeframe . A 1 , of course , is avoided at all costs . Unfortunately , Dark Angel is not currently available on Netflix , Amazon Prime , or Hulu… there 's always DVDs ?
Have any suggestions ? Or are there any little known shows you 're a fan of that you 'd like me to cover ? Leave them in the comments , or send a tweet to @ RetroPhaseShift . To be notified of the next entry in the Subjectively Obscure Sci-Fi Primer , you can subscribe to the RSS feed by clicking here .
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
More
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Jasper Maskelyne , grandson of John Nevil Maskelyne , was an invaluable resource to his native Britain during World War II . Maskelyne became an integral part of a special unit focused on the action along the Suez Canal . With his great knowledge of illusion , Maskelyne was able to devise ingenious- and very large scale- illusion systems that virtually made tanks invisible from the air , hid whole buildings full of ammunition and supplies , and even made an entire city vanish and reappear several miles away . Maskelyne joined the Royal Engineers at the start of the Second World War , thinking that his skills could be used to create camouflage . He convinced skeptical officers by creating the illusion of a German warship on the Thames using only mirrors and a model . The military eventually deployed him to the North African theatre in the Western Desert , although he spent most of his time there entertaining the troops . In January 1941 , General Archibald Wavell created `` A Force '' for subterfuge and counterintelligence . Maskelyne was assigned to it and gathered a group of 14 assistants , including an architect , art restorer , carpenter , chemist , electrical engineer , electrician , painter , and stage-set builder . The group was nicknamed the `` Magic Gang '' . The Magic Gang built a number of remarkably effective illusions . They used painted canvas and plywood to make jeeps look like tanks - with fake tank tracks - and make tanks look like trucks . They created illusions of whole armies and huge battleships . Maskelyne 's largest illusion was to conceal Alexandria and the Suez Canal in order to misdirect German bombers . He built a mockup of the night-lights of Alexandria in a bay three miles away with fake buildings , lighthouse , and anti-aircraft batteries . To mask the Suez Canal , he built a revolving cone of mirrors that created a wheel of spinning light nine miles wide , meant to dazzle and disorient enemy pilots so that their bombs would fall off-target . In 1942 , Maskelyn worked on Operation Bertram , before the battle of El Alamein . His task was to make German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel think that the attack was coming from the south , when in fact British General Bernard Montgomery planned to attack from the north . In the north , 1,000 tanks were disguised to look like common trucks . In the south , the Magic Gang created 2,000 fake tanks with convincing pyrotechnics . There was a fake railway line , fake radio conversations , and fake sounds of construction . They also built a fake water pipeline , made it look as if it would never be ready before the attack . The Magic Gang disbanded after the battle and , although Winston Churchill praised his efforts , Maskelyne did not receive the appreciation he deserved . He retired to Kenya , and lived his life as a favorite resident , giving driving instructions and magic lessons . Shown here is an example of the camouflage tactics he was able to devise . This is really a dimensional illustration of a tank , boosted with padding underneath . From the air , it was convincingly real to the German pilots . Maskelyne 's wartime accomplishments were the subject of a 1983 book by David Fisher titled The War Magician . In early 2003 , there was talk of making a feature film starring Tom Cruise , but the movie has yet to be made .
Here 's Avenue 's full press release :
Newcastle United will visit Bradford Park Avenue in a friendly tie next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Donald Bell VC .
The match at the Horsfall Stadium will be played on Sunday July 10 , the exact date of Bell 's death 100 years ago . It will kick off at 3pm .
Donald Simpson Bell was the first professional footballer to enlist in the Great War and remains the only one ever to be awarded the Victoria Cross , which recognised his exceptional valour during service in the trenches in northern France on 5 July 1916 .
Just five days later , without even knowing he was to receive the nation 's highest military honour , he was fatally shot in the head during a similar brave attack that saved the day for his comrades .
A tall , pacey full-back . Bellplayed with Bradford Park Avenue from 1912 until November 1914 when he enlisted with the 9th Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment ( The Green Howards ) and went to serve on the front line in the Battle of the Somme .
He had previously played as an amateur with Newcastle United and Crystal Palace , as well as donning the jersey for a string of smaller clubs in earlier years .
In honour of the centenary of the hero 's death , Newcastle United have agreed to travel to Bradford 's Horsfall Stadium for a pre-season friendly at 3pm on Sunday 10 July .
Avenue chairman John Dean said : “ It is clear that Second Lieutenant Bell was an exceptional man whose conduct on and off the battlefield was exemplary , as well as his skill and integrity on the football pitch .
“ He is an important figure in our proud club history but , more than that , he is an enduring role model for today 's players and for all of us in the footballing community .
“ The board felt it was fitting to dedicate our entire season to Donald Bell in this centenary year and the match against the Magpies is the first of many activities we 're planning .
“ We hope that not only football fans but the whole community will turn out to honour him . ”
Harrogate-born Bell ( 25 ) was a teacher at Starbeck School . He had returned to Yorkshire for a few day 's home leave just five weeks before his death to marry his sweetheart , Rhoda . She was presented with his posthumous Victoria Cross by King George V in a private ceremony at Buckingham Palace later that year .
Donald was an outstanding athlete . At school , he was captain of athletics and in the first team for not only football but also rugby , cricket , hockey and swimming and he could run 100 yards in 10.6 seconds .
His athletic prowess was to play an important part in his act of bravery on 5 July 1916 . He was second in command of his bombing unit and , as his senior officer was knocked out , he took command . His unit was under heavy fire from a German machine gun post and Donald ran out , bullets whining around his head , in to No Man 's Land with an armful of Mill 's Bombs , the forerunners of today 's hand grenades .
He attacked the machine gun , killing the firer with his revolver and blowing up the gun and other soldiers with a well-aimed grenade thrown from about 20 yards out . His brave act saved many British lives and ensured the success of the attack .
Donald was characteristically modest about his extraordinary achievement . In a letter to his mother , he described it as a “ fluke ” , but this was protested later by many of his fellow soldiers in letters to Harrogate 's local newspaper as they described his skill and athleticism .
His Commanding Officer , Lt Col H G Holmes , in a letter of condolence to Donald 's parents , described him as one of the finest officers he had ever seen .
Donald 's Victoria Cross – which , like all of these rare medals is cast in bronze from Russian cannons captured at Sevastopol in the Crimean War – was bought at auction by the Professional Footballers ' Association for a record price in 2010 .
The medal is on display in the Football Museum in Manchester . A permanent memorial stands at the place where Donald was killed and , to this day , the site of his act of bravery is called Bell 's Redoubt in his honour .
The match against Newcastle will not be just about the football . It will be a very special day , attended by army representatives and some of Donald Bell 's descendants .
Further details of the day , and the reduced gate prices , will be announced over the next few weeks .
With all the self-righteousness it can muster , which can be considerable , the political left has been reminding the world this past week of all the mean things conservatives used to say about Nelson Mandela .
Some of it is pretty rich , given that a lot of conservatives have joined the worldwide chorus of Kumbaya that 's filled the airwaves since Mandela 's death last Thursday .
My personal favorite was the far-right , former U.S. senator Rick Santorum on television last week comparing Mandela 's epic struggle with apartheid to Republicans ' attempts to kill Obamacare .
He said that with a straight face .
Other , more serious , conservatives have clearly performed a mental separation of Mandela himself from the tactics he and his political movement employed .
Conrad Black , for example , praised Mandela on the CBC earlier this week as `` one of the great opponents of racism .
`` And I think … he was a tremendous moral leader . And we do n't have so many of them in secular life . ''
Choking with outrage , Black 's detractors quickly tweeted an excerpt from In Good Faith : Canadian Churches Against Apartheid , a 1997 memoir by activist Renate Pratt .
In it , she described efforts in the 1970s to persuade the Black-controlled Massey Ferguson to stop doing business with the apartheid regime .
Activists contended South African police were using machinery bought from the Canadian firm to forcibly and violently clear black squatters .
At the time , Black wrote to Pratt , saying that while apartheid might be `` distasteful , '' he was opposed to replacing `` the oppressions of the current regime with the barbarism that would eagerly replace them . ''
He went on to predict that white South Africans , whom he described as singularly responsible for creating such a remarkable country , would be massacred and expelled .
One man 's 'terrorist '
In those days , Black was n't the only conservative titan who thought that way .
In 1981 , Ronald Reagan called the apartheid regime `` essential to the free world . '' He and Britain 's Margaret Thatcher led conservatives worldwide ( with the exception of Canada 's Progressive Conservatives ) in opposing sanctions against white-run South Africa .
U.S. President Barack Obama stands alongside South Africa 's last apartheid-era president F.W . de Klerk , the man who shares a Nobel Peace Prize with Nelson Mandela at the memorial service in Johannesburg on Tuesday . ( Kevin Lamarque / Reuters )
Reagan officially designated Mandela 's African National Congress , and Mandela himself , as `` terrorists . ''
As recently as 2008 , because of that designation , Mandela required a special waiver to visit the U.S .
As a Republican legislator in the mid-1980s , former vice-president Dick Cheney voted against a measure that demanded Mandela 's release from prison .
Cheney has since said he does not regret the vote , adding that Mandela , while `` a great man , '' belonged to a terrorist organization .
Well , Cheney and Reagan and other trenchant conservatives were right , at least by their definition of the rather elastic and ultimately meaningless word terrorist .
Mandela , faced with murderous oppression in 1961 , helped form MK , the armed wing of the African National Congress . MK embraced armed struggle , which gets you onto the terrorist lists of countries that do n't like your politics .
And America , in the 1970s and '80s , considered the ANC both terrorists and Communists — not least because the group was drawing moral and financial support from countries like the Soviet Union , Libya and Cuba .
At the same time , of course , Reagan was praising the violent anti-Sandinista contras in Nicaragua as `` the moral equivalent of our Founding Fathers . ''
Moral parsing
If that sounds baldly hypocritical , it is because it is . But such moral parsing is common to most nations , and to both the political right and left . Terrorism , ultimately , is violence you disapprove of .
And , yes , yesterday 's terrorists tend to show up as tomorrow 's statesmen .
Previous Next
Although many of his supporters would blanch at the comparison , Mandela objectively had much in common with Menachem Begin , one of Israel 's founding figures .
Both men embraced armed struggle ; both spent time in prison for their activism ; both initiated bombings against regimes they regarded as oppressors ( in Begin 's case , the British-run government of Palestine ) ; and both later emerged as leaders of their nations , Mandela governing from the political left , Begin from the right .
But Mandela was n't free long enough to carry out much violence himself . He was imprisoned just one year into the MK 's bombing campaign , which initially targeted infrastructure .
Somewhat ironically , Israel under Begin was a strategic ally of the South African regime that jailed Mandela ; morality , in diplomacy , is a rather elastic concept , too .
The daily muckworm
After Mandela went to prison in 1962 , MK expanded its bombing campaigns . Eventually its attacks killed people , including civilians .
And from behind bars , Mandela staunchly refused to renounce armed struggle .
In a National Review article this week , Conrad Black refers to Mandela as having founded `` the sabotage and murder arm of the ( ANC ) movement . ''
I emailed Black to ask how that squares with his professed admiration for Mandela on the CBC .
`` I have always admired his racial tolerance and have great admiration for persevering prisoners , having been sent unjustly to prison myself , '' Black replied .
Referring to Cheney 's vote against the congressional resolution urging Mandela 's release , he added : `` I always supported his release from prison and will not tolerate in silence any attempt to assimilate me to Cheney on this point . ''
Black , like most conservatives now praising Mandela , says it was the anti-apartheid leader 's embrace of non-violence upon his release from prison , and his active discouragement of revenge , that truly elevated him to greatness .
Tom Flanagan , the Canadian academic and conservative thinker , responded to my inquiry this way : `` People 's views do sometimes change , and I have no doubt that Mandela became a genuine advocate of constitutional democracy .
`` That kind of evolution deserves celebration . But that does n't mean conservatives were wrong to be cautious 40 years ago . Some revolutionaries and terrorists change , some do n't . ''
Perhaps the most potent assessment of how Mandela the militant squares with Mandela the secular saint comes not from those who for years judged him , but from the man himself , in one of his last books , Conversations with Myself . The Los Angeles Times quoted it at length recently .
In it , Mandela said that he bears the scars of a long struggle , which `` bring out into the full glare of public scrutiny the embarrassing contradictions in which individuals live out their lives .
`` We are told that a saint is a sinner who keeps on trying to be clean . One may be a villain for three-quarters of his life and be canonized because he lived a holy life for the remaining quarter of that life .
`` In real life we deal not with gods , but with ordinary humans like ourselves : men and women who are full of contradictions , who are stable and fickle , strong and weak , famous and infamous , people in whose bloodstream the muckworm battles daily with potent pesticides . ''
`` Infomercial hands . '' It 's a phrase my wife and I used to describe the pose and expression that shows up in the beginning of most infomercials—the ones that start with phrases like , `` Are you tired of not being able to pour your soda like a normal human being ? '' It 's always accompanied by footage of people throwing up their hands in disgust after failing to accomplish tasks that most of us can do without any problems .
The Acer Aspire R7 gives me infomercial hands . Constantly .
I get that PC OEMs are facing decreasing margins as non-traditional computing devices continue to gain popularity , and I get that there 's shareholder pressure to think of the next big thing in the portable space in order to keep revenue up and hit the quarterly guidance . But the Aspire R7 is unfortunately not the next big thing . I 'm not entirely sure what it is , really , or what its target market is , or what particular task or tasks it 's supposed to excel at that other devices do n't already do better .
What hath Acer wrought ?
Specs at a glance : Acer Aspire R7 Screen 1920×1080 15.6-inch 10-touchpoint IPS , 141 PPI OS Windows 8 CPU 1.8GHz Intel Core i5-3427U ( Turbo Boost 2.8GHz ) RAM 6GB DDR3 ( upgradeable to 12GB ) GPU Intel HD 4000 ( integrated ) Storage 500GB 5400 rpm HDD + 24 GB SSD ( caching ) Networking Broadcom 802.11b/g/n , Bluetooth 4.0 Ports 1x proprietary Acer Converter Port , 1x HDMI , 2x USB 3.0 , 1x USB 2.0 , 1x eSATA/USB 2.0 combo , stereo headphone/line out/mic combo , Kensington lock port , SDXC card slot Battery 4-cell 3560mAh Li-ion Size 0.81 ( at front ) /1.12 ( at rear ) x 14.83 x 10.02 inches , 20.5 mm ( at front ) /28.4 mm ( at rear ) x 376.7 mm x 254.5 mm Weight 5.29 lb/2.4 kg Starting price $ 999 Price as configured $ 999
We got some hands-on time with the Acer Aspire R7 back in early May , when Ars Senior Products Specialist Andrew Cunningham called it `` the strangest convertible PC we 've ever seen . '' Having spent a couple of weeks with the device , I can definitely validate that . In the hours I 've spent using it , I never grew wholly comfortable with its layout and function , and I came to resent its weight and overall unfriendliness .
The Aspire R7 is a convertible , that bastard product category that became popular with OEMs after the launch of Windows 8 . It features a large 15.6 '' touchscreen mounted on a double-jointed hinge , called the `` Ezel Hinge '' by Acer 's marketers . The Ezel hinges at both ends , allowing the screen to be raised , lowered , and pivoted . The R7 uses its big hinge to convert between a traditional laptop-like appearance , a keyboard-enhanced tablet-like appearance , a supported tablet , and a full hand-held tablet .
The fact that the device has certain set `` modes '' into which you are supposed to transform it is n't immediately obvious at first , and so Acer has spent quite a bit of time ensuring that customers understand how the R7 works . Its website contains numerous animations showing the R7 merrily flipping back and forth ; the device also came with a pack-in piece of paper graphically explaining its different configurations . New users can even click on a video on the different modes embedded in the Task Bar for reference .
Setting aside the hinge and its implications for a moment , the R7 is certainly not awful hardware . It has a dual-core 1.8GHz Ivy Bridge Core i5-3427U , a low-voltage 22nm CPU with hyperthreading , and a max rated TDP of 17 watts . It has 4GB of soldered-in RAM , and the configuration we reviewed came with its one RAM slot filled with a 2GB SODIMM , yielding an odd-but-not-bad total of 6GB . Its integrated Intel HD 4000 GPU is perfectly adequate for non-hardcore-gamer usage . We would have liked to see the new Haswell CPUs make an appearance , but Ivy Bridge is n't a bad performer .
The laptop/convertible/whatever-we're-calling-these-things defines solidity ; it 's 5.29 lbs of aluminum , plastic , and glass . The Ezel Hinge and its captive touchscreen lack even a tiny bit of flop or play—the screen moves with balanced authority on the hinge and the hinge in turn pivots against the laptop base with squeak-free smoothness . The screen stayed exactly at whatever angle I positioned it without shifting up or down . In fact , at times it took perhaps too much effort to move the screen , and I 'd end up shifting the entire laptop around on its little rubber feet . However , I 'd much rather have a hinged display like this sprung on the stiff side than on the loose side .
The display itself is big and bright . The IPS panel supports pretty broad viewing angles , which is important because the R7 's shape-changing design means that the screen is likely to be viewed from a wide variety of distances and positions . The LED backlighting was even and without any obvious hot spots or bleeding . Its 10-point capacitive touch layer also gave me no problems—it responded to touches and drags immediately with no noticeable lag .
Unexpectedly , I like the keyboard . I find myself hating most island-style keyboards , but this one 's quite nice . The keys take a tiny amount of effort to depress and then instantly descend their full short length to bottom out authoritatively . There 's no sense of mush , thank goodness . And the backlight , though it bleeds out from under the keys , is extremely bright at its max setting .
There are also some fair-sized ( for a portable ) speakers on the bottom of the device—a pair of 2W `` Dolby Home Theater '' branded grilles . The audio coming out of them sounded quite clear at low-to-medium volume . I 'm not sure that slapping a `` Dolby Home Theater '' brand on them means you 'd want to use them to listen to a movie at full volume , but for casual listening to streamed audio , they were perfectly fine .
That is unfortunately the end of the positive things I have to say about this device . In daily use it performed adequately , but it definitely is n't going to win any awards for speed . I did n't bother running any structured benchmarks because Ivy Bridge is a thoroughly known quantity at this point ; all of its hardware is already well-documented . ( You can check our Asus ZenBook Prime and 2013 MacBook Air reviews for hard numbers if you want them . )
The lack of an SSD for its primary operating system did n't make as big of an impact as I thought it would—at least , not at first . The R7 comes with a 500GB 5400 rpm hard disk drive , but it 's augmented with a 24GB mSATA SSD that functions as a cache for the operating system boot files and for frequently accessed applications . Subjectively , it was slower than using an SSD but much faster than using just the hard disk drive—which I got to learn a lot about .
But , first , let 's talk about the R7 's flippy screen and hinge . The issue with the R7 is that although it has four primary `` forms , '' it 's not particularly useful in any of them—sort of like how Astrotrain was n't a very good space shuttle , train , or robot .
Listing image by Lee Hutchinson
Over the course of the 2019 Daily Meditations , Richard Rohr mines the depths of his Christian tradition through his Franciscan and contemplative lens . Each week builds on previous topics , but you can join at any time ! Learn more about this year 's theme—Old and New : An Evolving Faith—watch a short intro , and explore recent reflections . Scroll down to read the most recent post .
Sign up to receive Fr . Richard 's free messages in your email Inbox every day or at the end of each week .
Select the email frequency that works best for you Please select ... Daily Meditations Weekly Meditation Summary Monthly Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Re-Enter Email Phone Numbers only ; no punctuation Country Please select ... Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d ' Ivoire Croatia ( Hrvatska ) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Congo ( DRC ) Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands ( Islas Malvinas ) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé and Prìncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands ( British ) Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Postal Code Email Subscription FAQs
reCAPTCHA helps prevent automated form spam . The submit button will be disabled until you complete the CAPTCHA . Need assistance with this form ?
Questions ? Find answers to many common questions ( for example , why emails are missing or if you want to change your email address ) , on our Email Subscription FAQ page .
Christ in Paul 's Eyes
An Interior Faith
Tuesday , February 26 , 2019
Describing his encounter with the risen Christ on the road to Damascus in his letter to the Galatians , Paul writes a most telling line . He says , “ God revealed his Son in me ” ( Galatians 1:16 , JB , NIV ) . This high degree of trust , introspection , and self-confidence was quite unusual during a time that was more extroverted and literal . In my opinion , this is why the first fifteen hundred years of Christianity did not make much of Paul . Except for the rare Augustine and many of the Catholic mystics and hermits , it took widespread literacy and the availability of the written word in the sixteenth century to move believers toward a more interior Christianity , both for good and for ill. [ 1 ]
Note Paul 's primary criterion for authentic faith : “ Examine yourselves to make sure you are in the faith . Test yourselves . Do you acknowledge that Jesus Christ is really in you ? If not , you have failed the test ” ( 2 Corinthians 13:5 ) . So simple it 's scary ! Paul 's radical incarnationalism sets a strong standard . He knew that the Christ must first of all be acknowledged within before Christ can be recognized without as Lord and Master . God must reveal God 's self in you before God can fully reveal God 's self to you .
It 's important to remember that Paul is just like us in never knowing Jesus in the flesh . Like him , we only know the Christ through observing and honoring the depth of our human experience and gaining new eyes . When we can honor and receive our own moment of sadness or fullness as a gracious participation in the eternal sadness or fullness of God , we recognize ourselves as a member of this one universal Body .
Thus , Paul shows that we too can know Christ 's infinitely available presence through our own inner dialogue , or the natural law , which is “ engraved on our hearts. ” Quite daringly , he declares that even so-called pagans , “ who do not possess the law . . . can be said to be the law ” ( see Romans 2:14-15 ) . This is surely why he spoke to the well-educated Athenians of “ The Unknown God . . . whom you already worship without knowing it ” ( Acts 17:23 ) . Paul likely inherited this idea from the “ new covenant ” to God 's people : “ I will place my law within them and write it upon their hearts ” ( see Jeremiah 31:31-33 ) . ( This idea remained largely undeveloped until a natural law was sought out by the moral theologians of the last century—and now in Pope Francis ' strong understanding of individual conscience . )
Paul merely took incarnationalism to its universal and logical conclusions . We see that in his bold exclamation : “ There is only Christ . He is everything and he is in everything ” ( Colossians 3:11 ) . If I were to write that today , people would call me a pantheist ( the universe is God ) , whereas I am really a panentheist ( God lies within all things , but also transcends them ) , as were both Jesus and Paul .
References :
[ 1 ] See Krister Stendahl , “ The Apostle Paul and the Introspective Conscience of the West , ” Harvard Theological Review 56 , no . 3 ( 1963 ) , 199–215 . This scholarly work is key to understanding how the last five hundred years largely misunderstood and individualized Paul 's message . N. T. Wright takes the point even further in his marvelous and monumental study Paul and the Faithfulness of God ( Fortress Press : 2013 ) .
Adapted from Richard Rohr , The Universal Christ : How a Forgotten Reality Can Change Everything We See , Hope For , and Believe ( Convergent : 2019 ) , 40-41 , 42-43 .
Image credit : St. Paul Preaching in Athens ( detail ) , Raphael , 1515 , Victoria and Albert Museum , London , England .
Inspiration for this week 's banner image : “ You , all of you , are sons and daughters of God , now clothed in Christ , where there is no distinction between male or female , Greek or Jew , slave or free , but all of you are one in Christ Jesus ” ( Galatians 3:26-28 ) . “ You are the very temple of God ” ( 1 Corinthians 3:16-17 ) .
This is Sega Test is a documentary on Sega 's internal testing department that 's gone viral . I got the opportunity to chat with Director John Jansen and found that he knew a lot more about Sega of America than I had originally anticipated .
Going Viral
Jansen has been a little surprised by the video 's reception . Amusingly , he had n't thought of uploading the film to share on the internet until someone asked . Jansen had received a request from a listener of his film podcast the week prior who wanted to see it . “ So I dug up the old VHS tape and uploaded it , thinking that maybe a few hundred people would watch it . Well , I was correct… for about an hour . The snowball just continued to roll . ”
“ So I uploaded it , thinking that maybe a few hundred people would watch it . ”
The original Vimeo upload on his Green Mill Filmworks account has been watched over 100,000 times in the last week , and my mirror of it on Youtube has been seen over 12,000 times in addition . My notifications going off at all hours of the day tell me that it 's still being shared and seen by more people every hour . Jansen said he 's been flooded with people contacting him due to the documentary surfacing .
This Is Sega Test - 1996 Sega of America Game Tester Training Video
Watch this video on YouTube
This is Sega Test is far from Jansen 's only interaction with Sega , though . He was actually an employee for six years .
First Day at Sega of America in 1991
Jansen originally started working for Sega of America in Customer Support in 1991 .
“ On my first day , I was seated next to Jeronimo Barrera and was so impressed that no matter what game question came in over the phone , he could answer it — without ever opening the Sega Game Tip Book . I learned that he was the one who actually wrote the game tips , playing through each game and providing detailed instructions .
Jeronimo later went on to a successful producing career at Rockstar Games . It was an exciting time at Sega with so many interesting and creative people working there . ”
Here 's a fun fact : Barrera has a writing credit in the Sega Genesis Secrets – Secrets of the Games series of books alongside Russel Dimaria and Zach Meston .
Making Films for Sega of America
It was during his time as a Customer Service Representative that he got his start making films for Sega .
“ I did a training video for Sega Customer Service in 1992 for $ 200 that caught the attention of Kalinske and others in Product Development . I was promoted to Product Development as a Tester in 1993 , where I also shot a lot of motion capture footage and edited various promo videos and marketing materials . At that time , there was n't any internal video production at the company . Everything was contracted out . ”
It was the initial Customer Support training video made on a frugal budget that lead to Jansen 's This is Sega Test .
“ Since I had already made a training video for Customer Support in 1992 , I was able to convince the Test Department to make this one in 1995 for $ 500 ( to cover rental costs of editing equipment ) . I was also working as a tester at the time and would film scenes on breaks and company events . We had fun and our tongues firmly in cheek while making it , hence the is Spinal Tap nods . The editing equipment used was a Sony EVO-9700 dual 8mm linear editing deck , which I rented for five days . With this deck , you could lay down a music track and cut frame accurate visuals on top , while also using the other audio track for voice-over . Most of the editing time was spent rewinding and fast-forwarding across ten 8mm tapes , searching for clips . It was assembled together one shot and one cut at a time . Since there was no script , it was more of less created as I went along and it definitely wears the scars of that approach . But the final product was useful enough for tester training .
“ During this time , the test department was growing to over 200 hundred testers working night and day shifts . So we made this “ trainumentary ” to show new recruits on their first day and hopefully help them better understand what testing at Sega was all about . We would get all sorts of really good game players who would be surprised to discover they had a test plan to follow or had to play the same level all day long . But this was the “ Sega University ” time in the Test Department , with a lot of talent floating through the hallways . ”
What Made Sega Special
When I brought up the fact that Sega had more recently discontinued it 's decades-old customer service line 1-800-USA-SEGA and showed him my article on the fact , he was sad to hear it .
“ These things are what made Sega cool and different at the time . ”
“ Since Consumer Service is where I started , this is special to me . The free tip hotline , the gameplay tips mailed to you and the free Sega Visions magazine . These things are what made Sega cool and different at the time . Being a gameplay counselor allowed you to speak first hand with Sega gamers and keep up to date with customer likes and concerns . I can still remember how Al Nilsen would hold a meeting every week with CS — just to learn what was going on and what people were talking about . The top guy in Sega marketing and he knew how important CS was .
“ Additionally , CEO Tom Kalinske would hold a monthly breakfast with employees from different departments who were invited to talk about what was going on in their part of the company . When Nilsen and Kalinske left Sega , it was never really the same . ”
That change lead to ignored valuable feedback from CS and Test that could have saved Sega some grief .
“ When Nilsen and Kalinske left Sega [ of America ] , it was never really the same . ”
Sega Provided a Great Opportunity
Jansen does n't look on his time at Sega negatively , though .
“ There was genuine excitement working at Sega and watching it grow from a small to large company very quickly . Sad to see it fall , but to be a fly on the wall during those years was very educational . Sega took good care of their employees , with one of the best health-care plans , matching 401K , a bonus check every year and lots of free swag to wear and play with . The concept of having a job as a video game tester was still so new and fresh . The fact it offered a path to working in the industry was worth putting up with all the hours and boring gameplay . If you ever needed extra cash , working overtime on the weekend shift was usually available . ”
“ Many co-workers went on to have long careers in the industry as game designers and producers . When I 'm working at Sony 3rd Party Test , one day a sports game came in with Tracy Johnson listed as producer . I could still remember the days when we would carpool together and he would talk about the type of games he would like to produce someday . And he did , thanks to his time at Sega University . ”
Johnson had actually moved on to being a Producer while still working at Sega of America . He has Producer credits for Sega Saturn and Dreamcast games , including the well-received NBA 2K .
Moving On
Jansen was clearly an invested employee of Sega during his time there . What caused his separation from the company ?
“ I was part of the massive layoffs in May 1997 . A few months later , I was working for Sony PlayStation in 3rd Party Test . After performing the duties of Technical Coordinator for several years , I got out of videogames in 2002 and have been working as a contract filmmaker since . ”
The layoffs came in response to the rapid drop of support for the Sega Genesis , 32X , Game Gear , and Saturn ( as of Bernie Stolar 's 1997 E3 “ The Saturn is not our future ” speech just a month prior ) . Sega of America has suddenly started losing money after spending most of the decade growing . The funding to keep a fully staffed branch of the company until the Dreamcast launched just was n't there and very few products would need testing until 2 years later .
When Jansen moved to Sony after being laid off from Sega of America , he was one of many that made the migration . A source of mine from Sony stated that a lot of former SoA talent ended up being hired by Sony , who had been trying to bring them on since earlier in the decade .
Returning to the Subject of Sega
Jansen 's now considering revisiting his archives of footage from his time at Sega and producing a new documentary .
“ The excitement generated for this training video confirms to me that the idea I had to create an updated version of the doc , with new interviews combined with the old , may in fact have an audience . I have hours of vintage footage and interviews from 1992-1996 . Seems like twenty years was just the right amount of time to make this fresh and interesting again . ”
We look forward to whatever Jansen brings to the table and will not only be keeping tabs on it , but keeping in touch as well !
More on Director John Jansen worked at Sega from 1991-1997 , then as a Technical Coordinator at Sony PlayStation from 1997-2002 . His IMDB credits list three feature films as writer-director , including mainly ETC . a film about the weekend Kurt Cobain died and Pink Floyd The Wall Redux , an updated adaptation of the Pink Floyd album . Jansen is also the co-host of The Hollywood Saloon and Hollywood Gauntlet podcasts , with a library of long form film topics and conversations . You can find his film work at his Green Mill Filmworks site .
Chip Kelly is back in college football . After a five-year hiatus to try out the NFL and TV , Kelly is heading to Los Angeles to take over at UCLA with a five-year contract worth $ 23.9 million . With an average salary of $ 4.78 million , Kelly would rank just outside the top 10 of college football 's highest-paid coaches , according to the most recent USA Today coaches salaries database .
Kelly confirmed the news to ESPN 's `` College GameDay '' Saturday morning . This comes hours after ESPN announced Kelly would not be on the air Saturday for its college football shows and one day after a report from Yahoo Sports ' Pat Forde stated that Florida , another school heavily pursuing Kelly , had `` moved on '' in its search .
`` I am thrilled to welcome Chip Kelly to Westwood , '' UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero said in a statement . `` His success speaks for itself , but more than that , I firmly believe that his passion for the game and his innovative approach to coaching student-athletes make him the perfect fit for our program . 'Champions Made Here ' is more than just a mantra at UCLA , and I 'm confident that Chip will lead UCLA Football back to competing for championships . I 'd like to thank Josh Rebholz , Casey Wasserman and Troy Aikman for their input during this process , as their candor , experience and support were invaluable . ''
Florida is now believed to be zeroing in on UCF second-year coach Scott Frost , who just completed an undefeated regular season with the Knights .
Kelly has been working for ESPN as a college football analyst during the 2017 season following his one-year stop with the San Francisco 49ers in 2016 . Prior to that , Kelly went 26-21 with the Philadelphia Eagles over three years , a run highlighted by an NFC East title in 2013 .
`` It is an absolute honor to join the Bruin Family , and I am grateful to Chancellor Block and to Dan Guerrero for this incredible opportunity , '' Kelly said in a statement . `` UCLA is a world-class institution with a distinguished history in athletics , and we will do our part to uphold its tradition of excellence . ''
The college game knows Kelly for the massive success he had at Oregon . After arriving in 2007 as offensive coordinator , Kelly wasted no time making his mark on college football . His offenses ranked in the top 10 nationally in points per game each year he was in Eugene . Once promoted to head coach after Mike Bellotti became athletic director , he put together one of the most impressive four-year runs ever by a first-time major college football head coach .
Kelly totaled a 46-7 record in his four years as Oregon 's coach , winning three conference titles , reaching the BCS National Championship Game in 2010 and finishing in the top four of the final polls for three straight years ( 2010-12 ) .
But that tenure was not without controversy as the NCAA Committee on Infractions handed down penalties to the program in 2013 because of recruiting violations , including three years of probation and an 18-month show-cause penalty for Kelly . The show-cause penalty , which essentially requires any school to petition the NCAA prior to hiring the individual in question , expired for Kelly during his time with the Eagles .
Earlier this month , a report from 247Sports ' Bruin Report Online stated that UCLA was pursuing Kelly after firing coach Jim Mora . UCLA owes Mora more than $ 12 million in buyout money , so the willingness to pay that money implied the program was trying to immediately upgrade its coach for a splash hire , which Kelly obviously would be .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Australian woman due to get married next month was shot dead by a US police officer after she called 911 to report a possible assault outside her home .
Justine Damond , 40 , went outside in her pyjamas after police arrived and was shot through the door of a squad car by an officer seated inside the vehicle , it was claimed .
The officer 's body camera was not turned on at the time , raising questions from the woman 's family and Minneapolis ' mayor .
Ms Damond was killed outside the home she shared with her fiance , Don Damond , and was preparing for their wedding in August .
The bride-to-be , who used her fiance 's surname despite not yet being married , wrote online that she was working as a spiritual healer and meditation coach , but was also a trained veterinarian .
( Image : Facebook )
Ms Damond was fatally shot in an alley behind her home at about 11.30pm on Saturday night .
Dressed in her pyjamas , the woman was talking to an officer in the driver 's seat of the police car when she officers in the passenger seat pulled out his gun and shot her through the driver 's side door , sources told the Star-Tribune .
The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension ( BCA ) , which is investigating the incident , said two officers responded to “ a call of possible assault '' when “ at one point an officer fired their weapon , fatally striking a woman '' .
The BCA added that the officers ' body cameras were n't during on at the time of the incident and that they are investigating .
( Image : Facebook )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The squad car 's camera did not capture the incident in the 5100 block of Washburn Avenue South , in Minneapolis ' upscale Fulton neighbourhood .
Ms Damond 's family have demanded answers and the city 's mayor has said she was `` deeply disturbed '' by the incident .
The BCA said of its investigation : `` More information will be available once initial interviews with incident participants and any witnesses are complete .
`` The officers ' body cameras were not turned on at the time and the squad camera did not capture the incident .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : kare11 )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` Investigators are attempting to determine whether any video of the incident exists . ''
The two officers involved are on paid administrative leave , which is standard procedure following such an incident .
Ms Damond , originally from Sydney , also went by the name Justine Ruszczyk .
In the aftermath of the shooting , her 22-year-old stepson Zach , whose dad Don , 50 , was due to marry her in August , released a video saying he wanted answers .
( Image : Facebook )
Her fiance was away on a business trip when she was killed .
Zach said in the video : `` Basically , my mom 's dead because a police officer shot her for reasons I do n't know .
`` I demand answers . If anybody can help , just call police and demand answers . I 'm so done with all this violence . ''
He said Ms Damond called 911 after hearing a sound in the alley .
( Image : kare11 )
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges told reporters that she has “ questions about why the body cams were n't on ” .
She added : `` I am heartsick and deeply disturbed by the fatal officer-involved shooting that happened last night . I know the neighborhood well .
`` We have few facts at this point . I want to know more . I call on the BCA to share as much information with all of us as quickly as they can .
`` I have questions about why the bodycams were n't on . ''
( Image : kare11 )
Hundreds of people gathered at the scene on Sunday to mourn Ms Damond .
A neighbour named Hannah , 21 , told the Star-Tribune : `` I do n't know what she was doing out .
`` She 's such a kind woman . She took me in when I was in a tough situation and helped me with whatever I needed . ''
She said of Ms Damond and her fiance Don : `` They were just so in love . I 'm just kind of in disbelief . ''
Ms Damond described her work on her website , writing that she had studied and practiced yoga and meditation for more than 17 years .
Her website states : `` Her interest in supporting people to heal and transform themselves developed after she saw family members suffer greatly from depression , alcoholism and cancer .
`` After losing much of her family to cancer she has spent many years on a personal investigative journey to discover how habits and disease develop , and how people can change and live in joy , expressing their full potential . ''
The National Hockey League is sounding the alarm about climate change , releasing a landmark report that charts both the league 's environmental footprint and its plans to lessen its impact in the future .
According to the NHL , the report is the first of its type to come from a major sports league , which makes sense , since you ca n't have hockey without ice . While the league says it 's concerned that warmer winters will lead to a scarcity of frozen ponds for future players to practice on , it 's also bringing attention to the depletion of fresh water in North America -- a problem for artificial ice rinks .
Advertisement :
The Hill has more :
The 2014 Sustainability Report took roughly two years to compile , using data on energy usage , waste management , and procurement at 30 NHL arenas throughout North America . It found that one NHL game will emit 408 metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions ... That also equates to 56 pounds per attendee , not including a fan 's transportation to the game . The overall output of greenhouse gas emissions from NHL events is relatively small , however , the report states , coming in at under 400,000 tons annually from 2012-2013 . Still , Bettman said the NHL has a `` vested interest in this cause . '' `` As a business , we rely on freshwater to make our ice , on energy to fuel our operations and on healthy communities for our athletes , employees and fans to live , work and play . Moreover , to continue to stage world class outdoor hockey events like the NHL Winter Classic , NHL Heritage Classic or NHL Stadium Series , we need winter weather , '' Bettman said .
Also concerned about climate change : the ski and snowboard industry , which also has billions of dollars invested in it continuing to be cold . The downfall of winter sports is hardly the most worrisome of the potential effects of climate change , but when these guys start paying serious attention , it 's yet another sign that the rest of us should , too .
This week on CNN , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson refused to respond to a question from 'State of the Union ' host Jake Tapper about an unsubstantiated NBC News report which alleged he called President Donald Trump a `` moron '' after a heated argument this summer . The president and the Secretary of State both said last week that the report was `` fake news . '' Even if it is not , it is at best gossip .
Instead of asking about North Korea , the Iran nuclear deal , the imminent defeat of ISIS , the president 's renegotiation of NAFTA , or his upcoming trip to East Asia , Tapper asked America 's top diplomat about this unverified claim regarding a personal comment which is alleged to have happened several months ago . Tillerson said stoically that he was `` not going to dignify that question '' with a response .
`` I am not going to deal with that petty stuff , '' Tillerson said . `` This is a town that seems to relish gossip , rumor , innuendo , and they feed on it . They feed on one another in a very destructive way . ''
`` When you do n't answer the question , it makes people think you probably did say it , '' Tapper explained . `` But either way , whatever happened , it is serious . So can you please clear it up ? ''
`` As I said Jake , I 'm not playing , '' Tillerson responded .
`` I 'm willing to move on , but I want to be clear : You still have n't denied that you called him a moron , '' Tapper repeated . `` And you know , a lot of people are going to watch this and think 'He probably said it . ' ''
America 's top diplomat responded : `` I 'm not dignifying the question with an answer , Jake , and I 'm a little surprised you want to spend so much time on it when there are so many important issues around the world to deal with . ''
MPs — and possibly the Canadian public — may finally get the chance to watch the video recorded by Michael Zehaf-Bibeau on the eve of his deadly attack on Parliament Hill .
During a closed-door meeting Tuesday morning , the Commons public safety committee adopted a motion inviting RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson to come before the committee in future to `` publicly display and discuss the video made by the individual who committed barbaric terrorist acts in Ottawa on Oct . 22 . ''
While no date is set , the motion asks Paulson to make his appearance `` at his earliest convenience . ''
It also includes a line affirming `` the operational independence of the RCMP in conducting investigations . ''
CBC News has confirmed the motion was tabled by a Conservative MP , but because it was held in camera there is no record of which party supported the motion or if any opposed it .
CBC News has also learned the Liberals had already served notice of a similar motion , which was apparently superseded by the Conservative motion adopted today .
But while the motion explicitly invites Paulson to 'publicly display ' the video at committee , committee chair Daryl Kramp suggested it might be presented during a closed-door session .
Confusion over whether viewing will be public
`` Obviously , there 's some interest in seeing the tape that was obviously taken by the RCMP or by others during the incident , '' he told reporters following question period .
`` So … a motion was put forward to see if they wanted to present that tape in camera . ''
He denied that the motion would result in the video being made public .
`` That 's not part of the motion , '' he said .
`` It was asked to be presented to an in camera committee meeting. ``
New Democrat MP Rosane Doré Lefebvre , who also sits on the committee , acknowledged the next steps are not clear .
`` For the moment , what was adopted by the committee was really for the commissioner to show us the video , and discuss it with us , '' she told reporters .
Speaking in French , she noted that it will always be `` in the hands of the RCMP '' to decide if it will be released publicly .
`` For now , it 's Mr. Paulson who manages that . ''
But she confirmed the motion says the testimony will take place in public .
Meeting could be televised : NDP
`` For now , it will be a public meeting with the commissioner , so people should have access , and will be able to be in the room , '' she said . `` I do n't know if it will be televised — it depends on which room will be available at the time . ''
She believes it 's important to understand what happened , and what the RCMP learned from the video .
`` And then , we will be able to have our own analysis of the situation . It will help us to have the best steps to ensure public safety , both in Parliament and in the country , in general . ''
The committee 's next scheduled meeting is Feb. 24 .
Appearing before a Senate committee a week after the shooting took place , Paulson said that he hoped to release the video `` someday . '' But last December , he suggested that it might never see the light of day .
A spokesman for the RCMP declined to say Tuesday whether the commissioner would accept the invitation .
`` We are aware of this motion and will not offer additional comment on this matter at this time , '' David Falls told CBC News .
A source familiar with the investigation told CBC News ' Chris Hall that the video appears to show Zehaf-Bibeau making reference to Canada 's foreign policy as motivation for his actions and that he praises Allah in the recording , which seems to have been made the day before the attack .
The complete text of the motion , as passed by committee :
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Manchester United released their financial report for the third quarter of 2016 on Friday and they revealed record revenue levels of $ 177.4 million for the three months ending March 31 .
[ MORE : Terry offered new deal ]
United 's executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward told investors the club expects to earn between $ 750 and $ 765 million in 2016 , becoming the first British team to earn over $ 750 million in a single year .
Those estimates come without factoring in UEFA Champions League qualification , which hangs in the balance , too .
[ MORE : Flores out at Watford ]
United currently sit fifth , two points behind crosstown rivals Man City going into the final game of the season . The Red Devils need to beat Bournemouth at Old Trafford on Sunday and hope City lose at Swansea . If United does n't win and other results do n't go their way , they could finish as low as seventh .
In a statement Woodward said the following of United 's current campaign :
“ The conclusion to this year 's season demonstrates once again why the Premier League is the most popular league in the most popular sport . As we reflect on our season , we are delighted by the emergence of yet another crop of exciting young players that demonstrate once again our terrific track record of youth development . “ We are looking forward to the FA Cup final on May 21 and hopefully winning this special trophy for a record-equaling 12th time . ”
The main reason for United having a 29.9 percent increase in revenue in this quarter compared to this time last year is a host of new commercial deals , most notably with Gulf Oil international and 20th Century Fox .
However , with the on-field product struggling to deliver UCL action next season , it was telling that Woodward failed to mention manager Louis Van Gaal once in his phone call with shareholders on Friday . If United does n't finish in the top four this Sunday , is it over for LVG ? Not qualifying for the UCL will likely cost United around $ 50 million for next season .
Whatever happens , though , financially the club has never been better .
Follow @ JPW_NBCSports
Glen Rice Jr. was supposed to become the Washington Wizards ' primary backup guard . With Bradley Beal out , Rice was given the opportunity to play and earn a spot in the rotation . Needless to say , the second year guard did n't make the most of his chance .
Rice struggled to hit shots consistently , and after he was seen arguing with coach Randy Wittman on the sidelines against the Toronto Raptors , he 's been replaced in the rotation by Rasual Butler .
Butler has given the Wizards a lift off the bench with his three point shooting , and now that Beal is back , Rice has been inactive . With that said , instead of having him sit on the bench , Washington has assigned Glen Rice to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA Developmental League–via press release :
The Washington Wizards announced today that guard Glen Rice has been assigned to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA Development League . Rice has appeared in five games this season for Washington while averaging 2.2 points in 8.5 minutes per game .
Beal will likely continue to come off the bench until his minutes restriction has been lifted , while Garrett Temple has been the starter since the beginning of the season . Andre Miller and Butler have been the backup guards for the past few games and Wittman seems to have found a good rotation .
Glen Rice has to embrace his role with the Wizards , otherwise he 's going to get stuck in the NBA D-League . He 's coming off an MVP run during the NBA Summer League , but his play has n't translated to the regular season . Rice played in the D-League prior to entering the 2013 NBA Draft , where he was traded on draft day to Washington . He also had multiple stints in the D-League this past season .
Let 's hope all goes well and Rice continues to develop in the NBADL .
NSA facial recognition : combining national ID cards , Internet intercepts , and commercial facial databases for millions of people
A newly released set of slides from the Snowden leaks reveals that the NSA is harvesting millions of facial images from the Web for use in facial recognition algorithms through a program called `` Identity Intelligence . '' James Risen and Laura Poitras 's NYT piece shows that the NSA is linking these facial images with other biometrics , identity data , and `` behavioral '' data including `` travel , financial , behaviors , social network . ''
The NSA 's goal -- in which it has been moderately successful -- is to match images from disparate databases , including databases of intercepted videoconferences ( in February 2014 , another Snowden publication revealed that NSA partner GCHQ had intercepted millions of Yahoo video chat stills ) , images captured by airports of fliers , and hacked national identity card databases from other countries . According to the article , the NSA is trying to hack the national ID card databases of `` Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and Iran . ''
This news is likely to be rhetorically useful to campaigners against national ID cards in countries like the UK , where the issue has been hotly debated for years ( my own Member of Parliament , Meg Hillier , was the architect of one such programme , and she , along with other advocates for national ID cards , dismissed fears of this sort of use as paranoid ravings ) .
The development of the 's NSA facial recognition technology has been accompanied by a mounting imperative to hack into , or otherwise gain access to , other databases of facial images . For example , the NSA buys facial images from Google 's Pittpatt division , while another program scours mass email interceptions for images that appear to be passport photos .
An interesting coda to the piece is that the NSA has developed the capability to infer location by comparing scenery in terrestrial photos to satellite images , which sounds like a pretty gnarly computer-vision problem .
The agency has developed sophisticated ways to integrate facial recognition programs with a wide range of other databases . It intercepts video teleconferences to obtain facial imagery , gathers airline passenger data and collects photographs from national identity card databases created by foreign countries , the documents show . They also note that the N.S.A . was attempting to gain access to such databases in Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and Iran .
The documents suggest that the agency has considered getting access to iris scans through its phone and email surveillance programs . But asked whether the agency is now doing so , officials declined to comment . The documents also indicate that the N.S.A . collects iris scans of foreigners through other means .
In addition , the agency was working with the C.I.A . and the State Department on a program called Pisces , collecting biometric data on border crossings from a wide range of countries .
One of the N.S.A . 's broadest efforts to obtain facial images is a program called Wellspring , which strips out images from emails and other communications , and displays those that might contain passport images . In addition to in-house programs , the N.S.A . relies in part on commercially available facial recognition technology , including from PittPatt , a small company owned by Google , the documents show .
N.S.A . Collecting Millions of Faces From Web Images [ James Risen and Laura Poitras/NYT ]
Did John McCain 's campaign receive inappropriate financial support from foreign nationals ? During McCain 's England trip this may have been the case :
At issue is a fundraising luncheon held in March at London 's Spencer House , during McCain 's swing through the United Kingdom . An invitation to the event lists Lord Rothschild and Nathaniel Rothschild as hosts , and indicates the event was made possible with their “ kind permission ” .
Worth having a look at .
John McCain has lambasted Barack Obama as “ out of touch ” , because Senator Obama did not support his gas tax holiday . Well , as the rebate would amount to about half a tank filling , I guess , McCain is the one out of touch . Maybe he uses his wife 's jets too much . I would like to ask him when he last filled up his car and when he last drove to work on a daily basis .
Then there 's the “ Keating Five “ . This was at least questionable conduct by the straight talker . But , hey ! He has some experience with bank collapses after risky real estate investments after all ! Read more on McCain 's lobbying ties , here .
Many of McCain 's positions have changed through the years , and even dramatically when he started his latest campaign , see for yourself :
Another four years of “ questionable conduct ” , warmongering and incompetence is not what this world needs from America .
: : : : : : : : : :
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
“ You gon na believe me , or your lyin ' eyes ? ” Versions of that joke have been cracked by comedians from Chico Marx to Richard Pryor ; and it has gained a new relevance in North Carolina 's hurricane-ravaged , hog-dense eastern counties .
One expert believes the floodwaters displaced “ a good deal ” of the fecal fluid and sent it cascading downstream .
Late last week , while rivers were still flooding from Hurricane Matthew 's deluge , a watchdog group called the Waterkeeper Alliance published aerial photos of hog farms depicting a grim scene—massive cesspools , known by the industry as lagoons , leaking into floodwater or just completely subsumed . See my piece , and several of the photos , here .
But according to the North Carolina Pork Council ( NPPC ) , pollution has been minimal . “ There have been no reported hog lagoon breaches , ” the industry group claims in an October 14 release . “ There are 11 hog farms where floodwaters have inundated lagoons , but the majority of the wastewater will remain in the lagoons as flood waters recede. ” The group estimates “ fewer than 3,000 swine deaths ” from the floods .
The NC Department of Environmental Quality gave me a similar report Monday afternoon . “ We did an aerial tour over the weekend , and were heartened by what we saw in terms of not having the kind of catastrophic damage we had in 1999 from Hurricane Floyd , ” spokeswoman Stephanie Hawco said . That time , leakage from farms contributed to a 350-square-mile dead zone in coastal estuaries . ( It should be noted that the NC DEQ is currently under investigation by the US Environmental Protection Agency for not protecting the civil rights of the largely African American communities who live within smelling distance if North Carolina 's factory-scale hog farms . )
However , at least two Waterkeeper images depict what look an awful lot like breaches . Here 's one taken October 12 :
And another from October 10 :
But the main battle here is over lagoons that have been subsumed by floods . According to the industry and the state , Waterkeeper Alliance 's images of inundated lagoons do n't mean much in terms of toxic manure leakages . The NPPC backs up its claim by distinguishing between breaches and inundation . In breaches , the group explains , “ lagoon walls give way and can no longer hold back the wastewater—the contents of the lagoon are typically washed away and emptied into the surrounding fields . ”
When a lagoon is flooded , by contrast , it remains “ intact , ” NPPC insists . “ The floodwater runs over the lagoon and carries away only a small portion of wastewater that is heavily diluted , ” the group claims . “ Most of the wastewater remains in the lagoon and the environmental impact is greatly minimized . ”
NC DEQ 's Hawco gave me a slightly different take on inundated lagoons . She said that while they do n't likely leak as much as breached ones , they have to be assessed on a case-by-case basis .
Waterkeepers Alliance 's Rick Dove , who took the recent aerial photos and also similar ones in 1999 , calls the NPPC 's rosy assessment of flooded lagoons “ mostly hogwash . ”
He said that normally , hog lagoons have a pink color—the result of microbes breaking down fecal matter . In several lagoons he has recently photographed—including one documented with pre-flood Google Earth imagery in my recent piece— ” water is so far over the pits that they can not be seen from the air , ” he added . And when the waters recede , “ the pink is gone and replaced by the color of the floodwaters , ” he said—suggesting that floodwaters displaced “ a good deal ” of the fecal fluid and sent it cascading downstream .
A team of Washington Post journalists reporting from the scene recently echoed Dove 's assessment . They observed a “ filthy brown sea , a slurry of mud , debris , chemicals and waste , has overtaken miles of rural counties in North Carolina . Against the drab water , the shiny metal roofs of hog houses are impossible to miss , visible from the air , as are the rectangular and diamond-shaped outlines of massive lagoons constructed just feet away , ” and noted “ evidence of major environmental risks . ”
But then , they were relying on their own eyes and noses , not sanguine reports from the hog industry .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
For some reason , the possibility of evading the debt ceiling by minting a $ 1 trillion platinum coin is getting some blogospheric love again . This is based on a 2000 revision to the U.S. statute on money and finance that reads :
The Secretary may mint and issue bullion and proof platinum coins in accordance with such specifications , designs , varieties , quantities , denominations , and inscriptions as the Secretary , in the Secretary 's discretion , may prescribe from time to time .
Read literally , this places no limitations on the Treasury Secretary 's authority to mint platinum coins . If Tim Geithner wants to mint a $ 1 trillion coin and deposit it at the Fed , he can do it .
I would just like to point out , once again , that this is ridiculous . During the very short floor debate on this amendment it was repeatedly referred to as a “ technical correction , ” and that 's obviously what was intended . Oklahoma Rep. Frank Lucas described it this way :
Also contained in the bill is a clarifying section inserting the word ‘ ‘ platinum '' inadvertently dropped when Congress authorized production of platinum and platinum bullion coins a few years ago….This is a small bill , but important to the mint and important to coin collectors . It has no cost implications whatsoever .
No particular restrictions were placed on the design or issuance of platinum coins , but this paragraph was plainly intended to apply to bullion and commemorative issues for coin collectors . That 's all .
There is , apparently , a widespread belief that courts will uphold a literal , hypertechnical reading of legislative language regardless of its obvious intent , but I 'm quite certain this is n't true . Courts are expected to rule based on the most sensible interpretation of a law , not its most tortured possible construction . I do n't think there 's even a remote chance that any court in the country would uphold a Treasury reading of this law that used it as a pretense for minting a $ 1 trillion coin .
I am , obviously , not a lawyer . So if someone with actual legal training in the appropriate area of the law says I 'm wrong , then I guess I 'm wrong . But I 'm not much afraid of that happening . This whole notion is the kind of thing that Herman Cain would come up with . It 's time to stop treating it seriously .
“ It is difficult to understate the social and economic impact of psychiatric disease worldwide . ”
“ It 's easy to forget that anesthesiologists routinely give profoundly mind-altering drugs on a daily basis . ”
MDMA , more commonly known as ecstasy , promotes empathy and social closeness in its users . It 's still not clear exactly how it works in humans , what regions of the brain it targets , or which molecular pathways it affects . Two Stanford researchers want to change that , and are calling for more experiments on the illicit drug to explore its potential to help treat disorders like autism and PTSD . We speak with Boris Heifets about why he 's raising the issue in the latest edition of Cell I had done some clinical work with MDMA before coming to Stanford , and I was aware of the remarkable—if preliminary—clinical trial data emerging about its use in psychiatric disorders . However , I had basically shelved the idea of pursuing any mechanistic studies . As a young investigator , it seemed a bit risky to spend much time studying a Schedule 1 substance ( i.e . “ no accepted medical use ” ) . When I joined Dr. Malenka 's lab a few years ago , I was surprised to find out he had an interest in studying this drug as well , following on a recent study he published with Gul Dolen looking at social reward in mice . We started work on it , and got some very positive feedback on our preliminary data . As a research tool , I think it has tremendous value . We wrote this Commentary to encourage the broader scientific community to take a more nuanced view of this drug , that despite its legal status it may have importance to science and medicine.I 've heard psychiatrists say “ the relationship is the treatment. ” This is a fundamental part of successful psychotherapy , forging a productive bond between therapist and patient . In people , controlled clinical trials ( and a large collection of anecdotal data ) all show that MDMA consistently enhances feeling of empathy , openness to others , and a certain self-awareness—these subjective effects are probably what make it effective , with just one or two doses , as an adjunct to psychotherapy in patients with PTSD . In several ways , this is a radical departure from the standard model of therapy ( e.g . long-term SSRI treatment ) , and begs a number of questions : foremost in my mind , how does it reinforce positive social interactions ? How does a social bond help recovery ? Can a single dose of a drug modify the course of a long standing psychiatric condition ? This is a broad topic that I can barely do justice to in a few lines—but suffice it to say , we have learned a tremendous amount about the neural circuits and molecular mechanisms of addiction using tools like cocaine and morphine . Studying rodent behavior has limits in what it can tell us about the human condition , but remarkably , reward and addictive behaviors transcend species.It is difficult to understate the social and economic impact of psychiatric disease worldwide , and at the same time as the efficacy of psychiatric drugs is being questioned , many large pharmaceutical companies have withdrawn from or scaled back their R & D for psychiatric drugs . Clearly , safer , novel drugs based on the biology of MDMA would represent an entirely new therapeutic class . Another way I can imagine MDMA research helping a wide swath of patients is by renewing interest in the value of “ talk therapy , ” perhaps spurring efforts to improve patients ' access to therapists and training more therapists.It 's funny you should ask that , because it 's the same question I got from the National Institute of Mental Health after my last grant submission ! It 's easy to forget that anesthesiologists routinely give profoundly mind-altering drugs on a daily basis . As an example , anesthesiologists have been giving patients ketamine since the 1960 's , but it was the psychiatric community , over the last decade or so , that recognized ketamine 's potential a rapid-acting antidepressant . To put it briefly , I want to understand how rapid-acting treatments for psychiatric disease work . This class of therapies is quite small right now : ketamine is one example , MDMA is another . Both almost certainly involve rapid induction of synaptic changes . Understanding how rapid-onset therapy works , using MDMA as an exemplar , has broad application to other scenarios where targeted synaptic modification with psychoactive drugs could have tremendous benefit , for example as an adjunct to Deep Brain Stimulation for psychiatric disorders . This emerging field in perioperative medicine is well within anesthesiology 's scope of clinical practice.It 's not easy . One needs to have a Schedule 1 license from the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , among other state and local regulatory approvals . Our local branch of the DEA worked with us to implement all the necessary safeguards , and overall has been very helpful to us . That said , it still took a year from the time we started the approval process until we could start experiments.Several small studies have already been completed , some showing very promising preliminary results using MDMA-assisted psychotherapy to treat Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in patients who have failed all the standard treatments . All though I am not affiliated with any clinical trials , I understand that several more human MDMA studies are underway in the US and abroad.Re-scheduling MDMA and approving its use for a specific indication should only happen after a thorough assessment of all the risks and potential benefits to a patient population . Like any drug , MDMA can have adverse reactions , some of them severe . At this point , well controlled clinical studies are the best way to address the legal status of MDMA.Featured image courtesy of Tanjila Ahmed
Not everyone loves the latest draft of the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF proposal .
The ( prospective ) Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust , also known as “ COIN , ” filed new documents to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) last week . Leading up to the highly anticipated decision by the commission on whether the exchange traded fund ( ETF ) will be approved next month , the amendment added what is perhaps best described as a “ hard fork clause . ”
This hard fork clause has not won over everyone in Bitcoin 's technical community ; the amendment was quickly criticized on social media like Reddit and Twitter . Specifically , some worry that the proposed method to pick a “ winning ” coin in the event of a coin-split may deprive future COIN investors . And it may , perhaps , even harm Bitcoin itself .
Hard Fork
The heart of the problem is a topic that has dominated the Bitcoin community for some time now : hard forks .
A hard fork is an expansion of Bitcoin 's protocol rules that is incompatible with existing rules . This makes hard forks risky : If not all users switch to the new protocol , Bitcoin can split in two . The result would be one network with the old set of rules and one network with the new set of rules , both with their own blockchain and their own distinct coin : a “ coin-split . ”
In a best-case scenario coin-split , users on one or on both sides of the chain rebrand . For example , when Ethereum experienced a coin-split due to a hard fork last summer , users that stuck to the existing protocol rebranded that chain as “ Ethereum Classic . ”
But in a worst-case scenario , users on both sides of the chain claim their chain to be the real thing . If that were to occur in Bitcoin , with no central foundation to hold a trademark , nor even an inventor active in the project , a dispute may not be that easy to resolve .
“ Hard forks are protocol replacements , ” Ciphrex CEO and Bitcoin Core contributor Eric Lombrozo said , summarizing the issue . “ In the event of a coin-split , I believe the fair approach is that the chain that changes the rules has the burden of proving that stakeholders , and not just miners , are overwhelmingly behind it . However , there is no universally agreed-upon convention regarding which chain should continue to be listed under the same symbol . ”
Nebulous CEO David Vorick — who had earlier commented on the ETF amendment on Reddit — agreed :
“ The side of the chain that wins the title ‘ Bitcoin ' is the side people start referring to as ‘ Bitcoin . ' If not everyone agrees , you may just get a giant cultural war . ”
Judging by the amendment , COIN could inadvertently establish itself as a central player in this potential “ cultural war . ”
COIN ETF
An ETF is an investment fund that holds assets like stocks , commodities or bonds , and trades on stock exchanges .
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss — the twins of “ The Social Network ” fame — have been on a mission to create a bitcoin ETF for years . This ETF , COIN , would let institutional investors invest in bitcoin , without actually needing to buy or hold the digital currency themselves ; these would be held by a custodian , Gemini .
The amendment to the COIN ETF filing submitted last week addresses the risk of hard forks . If the network splits , the amendment reads , the custodian will pick the side of the fork that has “ the greatest cumulative computational difficulty for the forty-eight ( 48 ) hour period following a given hard fork . ”
Or :
“ If the Custodian , in consultation with the Sponsor , is unable to make a conclusive determination about which Bitcoin Network has the greatest cumulative computational difficulty after forty-eight ( 48 ) hours , or determines in good faith that this is not a reasonable criterion upon which to make a determination , the Custodian will support the Bitcoin Network which it deems in good faith is most likely to be supported by a greater number of users and miners . ”
In other words : the “ real ” Bitcoin , for the ETF , will be the coin on the side of the chain that is backed by the most hash power after two days — unless the custodian decides otherwise .
Best Case
Perhaps a Bitcoin hard fork will be successful , with all hash power devoted to the new chain : hence , no coin-split .
But if there is a coin-split , it could get messy . Even in a best-case scenario , where one or both ends of the chain rebrand , ETF investors may be worse off than all other bitcoin holders .
Normally , all bitcoin holders will in that case have coins on both sides of the chain : they are tied to the same private keys . Similarly , anyone who held ether on the Ethereum blockchain before the split owned both ether ( ETH ) and classic ether ( ETC ) after the split .
The “ hard fork clause ” in the ETF amendment makes no mention of a potential minority chain at all , however .
“ That will be a problem if the unchosen fork has value , ” Bitcoin XT maintainer Tom Harding said . “ ETFs have a net asset value that represents whatever underlies the ETF . In case of a coin-split , the value could be divided over two coins , not just one ‘ winning ' coin , as the ETF amendment suggests . ”
Indeed , in its current form , it seems the COIN ETF could lead to losses for investors .
Worst Case
And it gets worse if the split is not peaceful .
Contrary to a common misconception , hash power alone does not determine validity of a blockchain . Or , at the very least , not everyone agrees that it does . ( On a conceptual level , the Bitcoin white paper contradicts itself on this issue in the first paragraph of chapter 11 and in the conclusion . On a technical level , hash power that does not conform to Bitcoin 's protocol rules is simply ignored by nodes enforcing these rules , as it is considered to be “ not Bitcoin . ” )
In contrast , the new ETF amendment does — at least in principle — establish hash power as a defining factor . This introduces significant risks .
If , for example , a majority of miners ( by hash power ) hard forks the protocol , and keeps this new chain running for 48 hours , they can impose any new rule they want . It would even allow them to create bitcoins out of thin air or attribute themselves bitcoins that never belonged to them .
Unsurprisingly , the idea that miners have the power to redefine Bitcoin is rejected by many within Bitcoin 's technical community .
“ The existing statement that they will ‘ support the fork with majority hash power after 48 hours ' is too mechanical and too reckless , ” BitGo CTO Ben Davenport — who had earlier criticized the amendment on Twitter — told Bitcoin Magazine . “ It could actually lead to gaming of the ETF by miners . ”
Of course , the hard fork clause does itself offer an alternative as well . If the custodian — Gemini — determines in good faith that hash power majority is not a reasonable criterion , it can itself pick a “ winning ” side of the fork .
But this criterion has n't won over the critics either .
Blockstream CEO Dr. Adam Back had commented on the issue on Reddit before . Speaking to Bitcoin Magazine , he explained :
“ I suppose the discretion clause might deter a hedge fund from gaming the system in an egregious way ; it 's a sort of ‘ get out ' clause in case someone does something crazy to game the hash rate . However , ideally discretion should be used only as a last resort . The realistic need to fall back on discretion in predictable circumstances may indicate a poor choice of rule . ”
Moreover , just because the COIN ETF defines Bitcoin in a certain way does n't mean the rest of the world will . As such , by its own definition , it becomes questionable whether the COIN is even really a bitcoin ETF .
“ The new terms as proposed by COIN basically say the ETF does not necessarily hold bitcoins , ” said Luke Dashjr , the Bitcoin Knots lead developer and Bitcoin Core contributor who had criticized the amendment on Reddit as well .
“ Instead , it holds whatever cryptocurrency has the most SHA2 proof of work within a short period after splitting off from Bitcoin , ” he said . “ As such , this ETF amendment is essentially mandating by law that a large chunk of formerly Bitcoin funds must choose to participate exclusively in an altcoin . ”
Not generally known for holding back on his opinions , Dashjr concluded :
“ As these rules are being enforced by the State , this ETF — if approved — is nothing short of a State actor attacking Bitcoin . ”
Solutions
The new amendment has therefore dampened excitement of the prospected ETF , at least for some .
“ I have had friends and family asking , and periodically re-asking , for ways to buy bitcoin via a broker for several years , as a gold-like asset class — I think there is no doubt the demand is there , ” said Back . “ However , this late-breaking amendment looks quite troubling , and maybe more than offsets the ETF benefit . ”
Coming up with a solution to the problem , however , is not self-evident . While “ Bitcoin ” may need to be defined for an ETF to stand any chance of being approved , and some have tried to define it , not everyone agrees with this definition . Furthermore , no one has the authority to define it .
“ My general sense is that trying to formalize a definition of a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency in a legal contract is extremely difficult , ” Lombrozo said . “ Peer-to-peer cryptocurrencies specifically attempt to sidestep jurisdictional issues by relying on the network incentives to maintain the proper checks and balances . Without the need for the intervention of courts . ”
Alternatively , therefore , some suggested that the ETF may need to let go of its own strict definition of a “ bitcoin ETF. ” Instead , it could be a slightly more general ETF that is a bit more flexible .
Proposing a potential solution , Davenport said , “ Here 's the basic rule I 'd like to ensure is followed : for an investor , holding the ETF should be economically identical to holding bitcoin , minus fees . So if there is a fork , the investors must receive economic value for both sides of the fork . That could happen either through a dividend , through a split of the ETF itself , or through the ETF continuing to hold both sides of the fork in a 1:1 ratio . ”
In any case , several critics of the current proposal agreed that the ETF should n't be rushed if these issues are n't resolved . While the SEC has a self-imposed deadline for their decision on the COIN ETF for March 11 , that should n't be reason to accept questionable clauses .
“ Bitcoin will grow into these kinds of setups , ” Vorick concluded . “ And if it 's not ready for it this year , then maybe in two or three years , when people understand this stuff better . But it would be terrible if it got approved and then something bad happens . That would be worse than waiting . ”
Back agreed : “ I 'm excited that ETFs appear to be making progress , but I 'm really hoping structural problems like this are rectified in time before approvals happen . ”
Bitcoin Magazine reached out to several people close to or involved with COIN , but has received no response at time of publication .
UPDATE : The Associated Press reported Monday that Russia is already suffering some economic consequences of its aggression in Ukraine . The Russian stock market is down 12 percent , the ruble is falling , and the Russian central bank has hiked interest rates in an attempt to shore up the value of its currency .
Behind the scenes , Obama administration officials are preparing a series of possible battle plans for a potential economic assault on Russia in response to its invasion of Ukraine , an administration source close to the issue told The Daily Beast . Among the possible targets for these financial attacks : everyone from high-ranking Russian military officials to government leaders to top businessmen to Russian-speaking separatists in Ukraine . It 's all part of the work to prepare an executive order now under consideration at the Obama administration 's highest levels .
The Obama administration came under sharp criticism over the weekend for not responding quickly or strongly enough to the takeover of the Ukrainian province of Crimea . Meanwhile , a team of State Department , White House , and Treasury Department officials worked to provide the president a menu of sanctions and other economic pressure levers that Obama might add to that executive order ..
Secretary of State John Kerry , who will travel to Kiev Tuesday , promised harsh consequences for the Russian government if it continued its aggression in Ukraine—and hinted at the economic retalation to come .
“ There could even be , ultimately , asset freezes , visa bans . There could be certainly disruption of any of the normal trade routine . There could be business drawback on investment in the country . The ruble is already going down and feeling the impact of this , ” Kerry said Sunday on Meet the Press . “ And the reason for this is because you just do n't invade another country on phony pretext in order to assert your interests . ”
Several administration officials said Sunday that the process of sanctioning Russian would take time to implement and could take even more time to garner a reaction from Russian president Vladimir Putin . The U.S. also wants to work with European Union countries to make sure the sanctions are coordinated for maximum effectiveness , while also preparing a multi-billion dollar economic aid package for the new leaders in Kiev .
The drive to find ways to tighten the economic noose around Putin 's neck is at the center of the administration 's strategy to not only punish Russian leaders but also to change their calculus about pushing forward with their occupation of Ukraine .
“ We 're beginning to review all of our trade and economic cooperation with the Russian Federation , ” a senior administration official told reporters on Sunday . “ What we see here are distinctly 19th and 20th century decisions made by President Putin to address problems… but what he needs to understand that when it comes to the economy , he lives in a 21st century world , an interdependent world . ”
The administration is already doing what it can do now to show Putin that the U.S. government is serious about its outrage over Russia 's actions in Ukraine . In addition to Kerry 's Sunday announcement that the U.S. has suspended preparations for the June G8 meeting in Sochi and might seek to expel Russia from the G8 altogether , officials said the U.S. has cancelled several planned bilateral events and is expected to cancel several more .
A trip by the U.S. Trade Representative 's office to Moscow has been scuttled . A Russian delegation to Washington for talks on energy cooperation has been disinvited . Planned Naval cooperation talks are now indefinitely postponed . Effectively , the U.S. has decided to put the brakes on all aspects of bilateral relations until the crisis in Crimea is further resolved .
Administration sources cautioned that no decision has been made by President Obama regarding the path ahead for sanctions . But that the targets under consideration include not only the Russian government and military , but also organizations and individuals who can be shown to have helped or are helping foment unrest in Ukraine , both inside and outside Crimea .
Even Russian business leaders could be targets for asset freezes and visa bans . Administration officials added that Russian companies were fair game for sanctions if they can be shown to have been involved in either the invasion of Ukraine , or the effort to destabilizing the interim government that replaced ousted President Viktor Yanukovich , who fled to Russia last week .
The administration is also considering whether or not to go after the Crimean separatists themselves , or just the Russians who are aiding the separatists . The sanctions could focus mainly on the situation in Crimea or it could cast a wider net , covering those responsible for unrest in other parts of Ukraine . The administration also predicts damage to Russia 's economic reputation , the investment climate in Russia , and further sliding of the ruble .
“ We 'll be taking a look at all these different elements , because in the long term this will have a cost on the Russian economy . The president was very clear in his word choice of ‘ costs , ' ” a second senior administration official told reporters . “ Some of those costs will be imposed by the United States , some of those Russian has already invited upon itself , and some of them will be international . So there are many vulnerabilities that will only grow if Russia does not take the right choice . ”
Part of the delay in devising the list of sanctions and making a decision is due to the fact that the Obama administration was caught by surprise last Friday when Russian paramilitary forces entered Crimea and began taking control of airports and other key infrastructure . The administration had prepared sanctions against Yanokovich and his allies , but those plans were quickly taken over by events on the ground when Yanukovich was deposed . Further changes on the ground could change the sanctions plan again .
The other reason the sanctions are taking some time is because the administration is required to build an evidentiary basis for each sanction it wishes to impose . For an executive order , for example , the president must make a finding that the crisis constitutes a grave threat to American national security . Administration sources said that should n't be a problem and past findings have been made following lesser provocations .
“ The expectation that this is going to change in 24 hours , that 's not real world , ” a third senior administration official said . “ This is a serious situation that the Russians have created , it 's going to take serious efforts to unwind it , and we are absolutely seriously engaged in the effort to do that . ”
Congress is also set to propose sanctions legislation this week . Sen. John McCain has proposed expanding the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law and Accountability Act to punish senior Russian officials involved in the Ukraine invasion . The law is meant to hold Russian human rights violators accountable .
“ We must consider legislation to respond to this… The Magnitsky bill can be expanded for holding people responsible for these acts of aggression , ” he told The Daily Beast in an interview Saturday .
The view inside the Obama administration is that the White House can do a lot of the sanctions work on its own , without legislation from Congress , but that new Congressional legislation could be helpful , so long as it does n't contain a lot of items the administration is opposed to . For example , McCain also wants Obama to restore plans to build missile defense sites in Eastern Europe , which is not actually under consideration .
One administration source noted that even during the Bush administration 's response to the Russian invasion of Georgia in 2008 , such an expansive list of punitive measures were n't considered . “ We 're considering going farther in Ukraine than we ever did in Georgia , ” the administration source said .
Among the 10 states holding presidential primary elections or caucuses this coming “ Super Tuesday , ” Ohio may be the biggest enchilada . It 's a genuine swing state , and the economy – Mitt Romney 's claimed area of presidential expertise – has been hit hard there .
Having won Michigan and Arizona this week , Romney reclaims front-runnerhood . Bagging Ohio could revive his “ inevitable ” status , some Republican insiders are saying .
“ If he does [ win Ohio ] , it 's over , ” GOP strategist Ed Rollins told the Washington Post . “ All that 's left is convention speeches and the balloon drop . ”
Well , maybe .
Newt Gingrich is going for broke in Georgia ( which actually awards ten more delegates than Ohio ) , the state he represented in Congress . Rick Santorum looks very strong in Oklahoma and Tennessee .
If Santorum wins those two states , and if he squeaks a win in Ohio , the day definitely will be his and Romney 's status will revert to shaky .
It well could happen . On Monday , the independent Quinnipiac University poll had Santorum ahead of Romney in Ohio 36-29 percent among likely Republican voters . Another Ohio poll out the same day , this one conducted by the Institute for Policy Research at the University of Cincinnati , had Santorum ahead by 11 points ( 37-26 ) .
By Friday , Santorum 's lead had shrunk to 35-31 ( within the margin of polling error ) , according to Quinnipiac , leaving the race for votes there virtually tied .
University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato 's online “ Crystal Ball ” gives it to Romney “ quite narrowly . ”
RECOMMENDED : How much do you know about Mitt Romney ? A quiz .
But Romney has problems there , maybe big problems . The auto industry is a big part of Ohio 's industrial economy , much of it unionized . As everybody knows , Romney opposed the government bailout of the auto industry , and he also backed Ohio Gov . John Kasich ' s effort to restrict public unions ' collective-bargaining rights – which failed by a large margin as a ballot measure .
Santorum may have a point of entry here to the extent that he successfully presents himself to mid- and lower-income Ohio primary voters as a “ blue collar Republican . ''
But it 's worth noting that both Romney and Santorum have seen their “ unfavorable ” rating rise in Ohio in recent weeks , according to the Quinnipiac University poll .
And for Romney especially , the bloom seems to be going off his rose among some prominent conservative commentators .
Though he won Michigan and Arizona , writes New York Times columnist Ross Douthat , “ He lost his general election narrative . ”
Speaking of Romney 's recent tax reform speech , writes Douthat , “ The Romney campaign has declined to explain exactly how the cuts will be paid for , offering vague promises of loophole closing and spending cuts that suggest a return to supply-side irresponsibility . ”
“ If left unrevised and unaddressed , this irresponsibility threatens to demolish the pillars of Romney 's general-election argument , ” he warns . “ Between his verbal miscues and his clumsy attempts to defend his right flank on policy , the likely Republican nominee is suddenly headed for the kind of political and ideological cul-de-sac that losing presidential candidates often end up occupying . ”
Syndicated columnist George Will goes even farther , suggesting that Republicans might as well concentrate on taking over the US Senate and building their majority in the House of Representatives rather than trying to oust the incumbent President .
Neither Santorum nor Romney “ seems likely to be elected , ” Will writes in a column to be published Sunday and seen in advance by Politico 's Mike Allen .
“ From Louisiana 's Gov . Bobby Jindal to Wisconsin 's Rep. Paul Ryan , Republicans have a rising generation of potential 2016 candidates , ” he writes . “ [ T ] he presidency is not everything , and there will be another election in the next year divisible by four . ”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Perhaps by then , the toxic atmospherics around the Republican nomination race – decried recently by Sen. John McCain and former GOP governors Jeb Bush , Haley Barbour , and Mike Huckabee – will have improved , and the scene wo n't make Sen. McCain feel like he 's “ watching a Greek tragedy , '' as he said this week .
RECOMMENDED : How much do you know about Mitt Romney ? A quiz .
In collaboration with choreographer T. Lang and Flux Projects , artist Nick Cave is bringing a two-part performance with dancers , actors , and musicians to the not-yet-opened central food hall at Ponce City Market .
Cave is the professor and chairman of the fashion department at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , best known for his multidisciplinary work that often includes sculpture , video , and performance — sometimes all at once . His public collections live at several major museums across the country , including the Museum of Modern Art in New York . He 'll incorporate his famous SoundSuits , sculptural forms that are based on the scale of his body .
Cave spoke to Creative Loafing about working with Flux Projects at Ponce City Market , giving back through his performance , and Atlanta 's own urban renewal .
How was it working with this concept at such a new space as Ponce City Market ?
The piece is about the `` Initiates , '' self-preservation , and being reborn into a new world , as well as looking at how we can come in and provide an admission to a better existence . We 've been to Atlanta about four times , scouting spaces , and we decided on Ponce City Market . We were really interested in that location . We have yet to see the set for the performance piece , but that 's been designed . We are interested in what that feels like , looks like , and how it all comes together .
How about the SoundSuit-costumes worn by the performers ? How did that come together ?
When we are working with a body of sculptures , we have to take into account a different way of building the suits . We have to take into account the wear and tear and what kind of materials can handle the level of stress . And weight comes into play .
The costumes are still in line with my past work . In here , we 'll be working with a lot of found objects , synthetic hair , raffia , and that 's about it . I 'm collaborating with T. Lang , who works at the Spelman College dance department , and she will be choreographing the opening piece for the performance . The second part is a new piece that I 've developed .
The performance includes seven individuals from the community whom we will be undressing and redressing . They will be literally building this sort of apparatus/attire sort of sculpture , so as the viewer you will be seeing this process as it occurs . Then the individuals will rise and walk into the world . It 's preparing the mind , body , and spirit to face the forces that get in the way of selfhood . It 's really about this sort of rite of passage to a degree .
Tell me about collaborating with T. Lang and selecting the dancers .
We were in Atlanta and looking around to see who we wanted to collaborate with . We started scouting for dancers and musicians . We visited Spelman since we wanted to connect with an academic sort of setting . Up Right is about what has prepared me for who I am today , individuals who have come into my life , brought attention to my abilities and ... conditioned me and handed me to the next person . I 've always been in training , and this is my way of giving back to those individuals who need a jump-start and make them feel like they matter .
This concept seems to relate back to Atlanta being reborn , both in the last few years and since the burning of the city , right ?
I think so . I think it 's about a renewal , and in order for Atlanta to rebuild itself the people need to be renewed . It 's about regurgitation , looking at the past yet looking at what 's present , and how do we look at the future .
Hello . You might remember me from three weeks back . I blog a bit about Tottenham . My sabbatical was not planned . My immune system was dismantled and destroyed by a virus so brutal I felt like I spent the first week being waterboarded by volcanic lava . My doctor called it on the second day , told me what to expect and explained that I would need to prepare myself for at least a months worth of a recovery period . Jesus Christ , whatever happened to 24 hour bugs ?
So this wonderful chapter of my life followed our cup final defeat at Wembley . That evening I froze my lungs walking up to a second cab office back in my home town village ( due to the waiting time at the first ) and was shaking like a leaf by the time I got into bed . A day later the apocalypse rained down on me .
No sleep or food for the first five days . To cut a long and agonising story short , I 've only just recovered . I 've had zero interest in practically everything that life has to offer during my entry into an isolation chamber of fever , repository infection , vomiting , nausea and violent coughing that has rendered my voice null and void . I lost a stone in weight , so hold back from playing the violin . I even turned my back on my beloved Tottenham Hotspur .
So what have I missed ? Not a lot to be fair . The season ended with the 2-0 loss against Chelsea . I 'm now looking ahead to the summer and hoping that we apply ourselves with plentiful aggression when it comes to removing players from the squad and heightening the standard in other key areas whilst also hoping ( and praying ) we hold onto the likes of Hugo Lloris . I 'm still preaching patience . Pochettino 's tactics and man-management continues to fluctuate but then expectancy will alter perception from one supporter to the next . Hate on the word transition , but this remains our middle name and the arc for 2014/15 .
I did n't see anything of the Man Utd defeat . Lucky me . I saw highlights of our wins against Swansea and QPR and extended viewing of the 4-3 on the weekend . I 've not had love for England for a while but still pleased to see Harry Kane selected . He 's the type that wo n't let this go to his head and he 'll continue to push himself with that ilk of determination that gives me confidence that he 'll improve season on season .
As for the comical 'let 's just scapegoat ' element that remains the backbone of Twitter and some low grade blogs that feel that the only way to support is to slag off ? Danny Rose , love him or hate him , has been a solid performer this season . Good luck to him . Kyle Walker has been out of sorts for a while and has n't retained consistency since his return from injury but he 's got the physical attributes ( more so going forward ) . Not sure having Andros ahead of him supports his defence duties . It 's questionable if he ( Kyle ) can be trained to acquire the discipline ( positionally ) but the lack of self pride we have for our own is disparaging . So many learning curves are playing out . That might not be acceptable in terms of your ambitions for the club ( say having Mason and Bentaleb in the middle ) but it 's what we 've got . No point in fantasying about players that have n't signed .
Nothing has changed since the start of the season in terms of squad balance . Seems Levy and Baldini needed a buffer before pushing out some of the expensive signings made with the Bale money . That buffer has n't really impacted us beyond what I expected . Two coaches ca n't get the best out of certain players because those players probably should not have been signed in the first place . Does the buffer end this season ? Bloody hope so .
Can we make 4th spot ? Who cares ? We 're hardly ready for Champions League football although having it will no doubt see most of our 'talent ' elevate themselves to new levels , the type of thing the Europa was n't capable of doing . Which makes a mockery of about half a dozen things . Everyone remains in a state of flux . We 've just not had the consistency to wing it this season . I 'd rather not just wing it . Next season ( famous last words ) is going to be the test - that 's for the chairman , coach and players .
Screw it , at least this season has birthed Harry Kane .
It 's good to be back writing . Shame it 's International Week .
I found that blob within a minute and a half of jumping into Provi through our jump bridge , or they found me rather . I engaged a malediction on the first gate I came to and the rest of his friends jumped through and wrecked me in faction cruisers . My roam only lasted a minute or two , and I was back in V-3 with a jump timer , wondering if I wanted to build another Heron or give in and go do something else , when alliance started popping off spam and the call went out over discord and jabber to get into fleet in our home system of D-PNP9 , get into canes and dreads , and take the jump bridge to G-M4GK . I was discouraged that I would miss the fleet due to all this jump fatigue , but then remembered my alt was ready and right where she should be . I got into corp comms in time to hear my ceo Kel say , ‘ I 'll bet they caught that Vendetta , it 's been flying very recklessly the last few days ' . And it turned out , someone had !
All this patch nonsense and bad feelings towards Eve had taken its toll on New Eden that Friday night . What is usually an excellent night to get involved in some space violence was somber and lonely . We have lost a few members of our corp over this and the remaining ones are finding something else to play . In our corp , there are only three actually online and playing . I have flown many jumps with only two good fights and one blob to test my Heron against .
It is patch day as I fly around , and the salt is flowing through all faucets of Eve from the forums to every discord I am in . This is the most upset I have ever seen our playerbase , and I am not particularly surprised . This has been brewing for a while now and has all come to a head with a series of splits between the players and the management of CCP games . I am not going to get into the rights and wrongs of events that have transpired , mostly because it 's still ongoing and has n't really resolved itself and there is nothing to write about beyond speculation .
I have this crazy dream to be the best in solo pvp in the universe in an inconsequential ship , winning a race nobody knows they are running as it were . I have been flying a Heron regularly to that end , it 's really an excellent and versatile ship and I will no doubt write about it in more detail later . In nullsec , the meta for the Heron is as a cheap exploration frigate , very often used by newer players in this area to crack relic sites for dank Sansha loot . I have never seen another out looking for combat , and I really like to use this assumption to get other players to engage me . I can kill most frigs , dessies , and interceptors , and even a t3d on a good day . Drones and rockets are my hard counter but I find that by the time a lot of players realize it is not an easy explorer kill they are getting and adjust , it is too late .
I have really been liking living in V-3YG7 . We are next door to Brave , and I get to piggyback on a lot of content meant for them . There is a constant stream of both fleets and solo pilots coming our way , and it 's really rare in Eve that content comes to you like that . We have a jump bridge from here to HED-GP , and from there its a quick run to the middle of Provi . Its been a bastion of content after quite a dry spell and it has really lifted my spirits about Eve .
I keep my main in the active warzone , and my main alt in our home system . The alt usually sleeps and that is fine . While she can fly a lot of ships , I have always thought of her as a support pilot over an actual combat pilot , and I use her mostly for fleet boosting or logi . She maintains a select stack of doctrine ships in case of emergencies , but has rarely broken into them . So rarely in fact I had almost forgotten they were there .
Being so spread out can be tough on the individual pilot . Keeping a second set of ships at the ready for home defense is expensive and keeping track of which ships to keep where is sometimes confusing . Having a Dread and a Carrier on standby in both arenas requires a particular baller Pilot .
The Alliance is spread out right now across two regions . We fight alongside Brave , Tikle , and others for control of Catch against Pandemic Legion , Northern Coalition , and Goons . We are still maintaining Esoteria as our home for ratting , mining , and production . Most groups in Test have home constellations there , and work there to bring the system indexes up and provide tools for the front in the form of ships , modules , fuel , and thousands of other things needed to bring the pain .
If you did n't know , the Vendetta is a Serpentis Supercarrier . They are extremely rare in the game and only a finite amount of them exist due to a multitude of factors . So far in New Eden , only two of these ships had been lost . The first was due to an awox while the ship was ratting , and the second was for a charity event . Never has one died in proper combat . The prospect of getting to fight one of these things was enough to snap everyone out of their doldrums and into action .
Aside from our active war in Catch , we maintain a frontline closer to home in Esoteria , on the border of Period Basis , with the former occupants of the space we now inhabit . These enemies are mostly Russians and the remnants of Stainwagon that stayed in the area . They are sandwiched between us and Goons , who they are friendly to but we are not . While the frontline was hot for a while , it has calmed down as a lot of the content has moved to catch . We have an agreement not to cloaky camp the systems within Period Basis , and they stay out of Esoteria and Paragon Soul . It is an uneasy truce and we still fight all the time . But in truth they only mess with us when we go there . They are not pushovers , and I have lost fleets to them on more than one occasion . I have a lot of respect for the Red Federation .
So it was like this . A member of Brand Newbros and resident meme ( that says a lot if you know Brand Newbros ) Drakyll Shadowdancer got super drunk and gated his super to Period Basis . That is like 31 jumps and while he was on the way he got the attention of some friendlies who trailed him to see what was going to happen and report his movements to intel .
Once he got one jump into period basis into G-M4GK , the frontline system , he was engaged by a Vindicator , which he engaged and tanked in hopes of escalating the engagement . The Vendetta and a Nyx gated in from next door , the Russian staging system of TCAG-3 , and engaged him . He was tanking them while calling for reinforcements and that is when Test began to form . We have a jump bridge to the system and can have a fleet there in just 3 jumps including the bridge . Eventually an Erebus gated in from TC and doomsday 'd Drakyll , but this was as light tackle was arriving in the system .
Out of the four enemy ships , three warped to TC , jumped the gate , and were home free , but the Vendetta bounced off of an anomaly , and then to the gate . This was a critical mistake on his part that left him singled out from his crew and allowed tackle to get ahead of him .
As he jumped into TC there was a bubble and dictors waiting for him . They had to hold him until the fleet could assemble and arrive and many sacrifices were made to hold tackle . Bubblers were setting stop bubbles in between the gate and the fortizar trying to stop reinforcements from beating us there . The Vendetta was hyperspacial fit , and was burning out of bubbles and killing tackle effectively . There were several points there when pilots nearly lost him . A lot of tackle was dying , and the calls for ‘ More suicide tackle ! ' were being yelled over comms by the FC Sajuuk .
There really was a point were we almost lost him , but then the fleet arrived and the real fight was on . I entered system just behind the main fleet , catching up with many others in a Hurricane , and jumping in with the Dreadnought ball . I bounced off a ping , anchored on the FC and started shooting targets with the fleet .
Red Federation and friends were forming as hard as they could . There were a lot of cynos going up but we were managing to stay on top of killing them before too much could get through . A few minutes into the fight we got a cyno inhibitor up and so their reinforcements were arriving slowly through gates , getting caught up in various drag bubbles , and generally trickling in at such a pace that they could n't get together to help each other . We traveled in a pack of Hurricanes easily between targets and tanked them alone instead of as a group . There were several enemy Force Auxiliary ships on field , and at first we were focusing on them , until someone got a scan off on the Vendetta and we realized he was armor fit . The enemy faxes were fit to rep shield , the enemy in their haste had brought the wrong comp to rep the ship .
Once we focused all fire on the Vendetta , it did n't take long for him to die . I have a lot of respect for the fellow to fly that manner of ship in such an aggressive and macho way . He killed 40 of us in the end , mostly hurricanes , but also 3 Dreads and if not for just a couple mistakes on his part , he would have escaped . I heard he left the game after this , I hope that is not true .
The remaining enemy pilots on field focused on getting their dreads out , which we were burning down very quickly . We took the opportunity to exfil our dreads while the canes did the dirty work . Most of the enemy were stuck in bubbles . They had brought in fleet of rattlesnakes , but they had not all come together and were spread out . We successfully picked several of them off at range as we burned between larger targets . It took the enemy about 15 minutes in the end to form enough up in their home system to force us off field . We took minimal losses , mostly those canes I mentioned earlier , of which my alt was one , and the three dreads that died during the initial fight and the unintentional ‘ bait ' . We were left with a whopping 180billion isk killmail , along with another 60billion in secondary targets . We lost 21bil at the end of the day . This was the most expensive Vendetta loss to date . Battle Report
For a lot of us , it not a huge stretch to say that yesterday was one of the worst days we have seen in Eve . The toxic atmosphere invading every circle we inhabit in this game after the culmination of all these points of contention is enough to make even the hardest Pilot think about walking away from Eve and all they have built here . Seeing our comrades unhappy , depressed , and ultimately abandoning our social circle brings us all down . The discontent is real , and in my opinion mostly justified in some manner or another . Meaning somewhere along the line everyone has a legit reason to think Eve is going downhill , and that our Gods at CCP may not have our best interests at heart . I was glad that this happened for our alliance and for everyone involved on the winning side of this . It was a good time for something to happen that reminds us that Eve is cool and we are happy in it because of the behavior of its players in the universe provided them , and not because some ambiguous person behind the screen allows us to be .
I hope to remain a CCP atheist .
At the ongoing hardware Computex 2015 conference in Taiwan , SanDisk , a company well known for designing , manufacturing and selling storage devices , announces the availability of a bunch of new external flash drives . Among many other products , the company launches Extreme 900 Portable SSD which comes with a whopping 2TB storage space ( 1.92TB formatted size ) priced at $ 999.99 .
The Extreme 900 Portable SSD , which also comes in 480GB ( $ 399.99 ) and 960GB ( $ 599.99 ) storage options , comes cased in a compact aluminum body . The company notes that all of these SSDs have a maximum performance rating of 850 MBps -- which is about 9 times faster than a traditional portable hard drive . The SSDs also come equipped with a USB 3.1 interface with Type-A and Type-C cables supplied with the unit . SanDisk is providing three-year warranties on the new SSDs .
The company additionally announces Extreme 500 Portable SSD lineup which comes in 120GB ( $ 99.99 ) , 240GB ( $ 149.99 ) , and 480GB ( $ 239.99 ) storage capacities . These SSDs have a maximum performance of 415 MBps via a USB 3.0 interface . They come with the company 's SecureAccess software which provides 128-bit AES encryption .
At the sidelines , the storage device manufacturer also announces CloudSpeed Eco Gen. II SSD , with which the company is targeting cloud data centers . It also offers 2TB storage space and is based on 15nm NAND flash , which offers three times the streaming bandwidth than a typical hard drive . These SSDs and other products will become available through SanDisk Original Design Manufacturers ( ODMs ) and select Enterprise Channel Partners later this year .
Ever dream of performing with hundreds of other wind band players , in the heart of midtown Manhattan ? Here 's your big chance .
On June 21st , Make Music New York is excited to present Hector Berlioz 's Symphonie Funèbre et Triomphale — declared “ one of the great ceremonial pieces of all time ” by critic Virgil Thomson — in New York 's Bryant Park .
And we want you to join the band !
Led by conductor Jeff W. Ball of the Brooklyn Wind Symphony , the performance will unite individual wind players and full ensembles from across the region , in a massive wind band experience unlike any other .
Whether you are a professional or amateur , an individual or a band director , a student or a teacher with your own private studio , we invite you and your colleagues to join us . Once you register , we will contact you to assign parts and confirm all details . ( It goes without saying that , just like all Make Music events , there is no charge to participate . )
Just sign up below !
( Questions ? Email Amy Garapic at amy @ makemusicny.org . )
___________________________________________________________________
Berlioz Symphony Schedule for Saturday , June 21st , 2014
9:30am Musicians arrive at Bryant Park ( meet at Sixth Avenue and 41st St )
9:45am-11:15am Rehearsal in the park ( note that all performers are responsible for practicing their parts ahead of time as our rehearsal time on the day of the concert is very limited )
11:30am-1:45pm Break ( instruments and cases may remain in the park and will be supervised while performers have lunch )
1:45pm Musicians gather at Bryant Park
2:00pm Warm up , tune , hit spots
3:00pm Performance 1
4:30pm Performance 2
5:30pm Musicians leave Bryant Park
___________________________________________________________________
Back by popular demand , we bring you another batch of funny pranks for the office that wo n't get you fired– and just in time for April Fools ' Day ! We know how tense the working world can get sometimes , and here at the GoGo HQ , we like to lighten the mood whenever possible , so what better time than now ? If your coworkers are jokesters like yourself , try your hand at some of these practical jokes- computer and phone pranks included . Without further ado , we bring you Playful Office Pranks : Part II .
Before you decide to execute any of these prank ideas , it 's probably best to consider if your coworkers are the type that would have a laugh with you or freak out at the disruption to the day . Behold , our ‘ should you prank your coworker ' decision tree !
Virtualize the Post-It Prank : In Office Pranks Part I we suggested the art of physically covering your coworker 's desk with post-its , but for an even sneakier attack , bring that prank to their computer desktop . For Mac 's , use the sticky-note application and for PC 's , use the chain “ Start - > All Programs - > Accessories - > Sticky Notes ” to infiltrate your coworker 's desktop with little notes of your choosing . Take the prank one step further and rename all of their desktop icons so that once they remove all the sticky notes , they 're faced with outlandish names for everything on their desktop .
Drawing a Blank : Turn the brightness setting all the way up and the contrast settings all the way down on your coworkers ' monitor , leaving a seemingly frozen screen for them to return to . Get ready to watch them freak as they think that their computer monitor has fizzled out on them .
Sneaky as a Mouse : If you 're looking for easy pranks to pull on someone 's computer , when your coworker is n't looking , install a wireless mouse to their computer . When they come back , control the mouse from the desk over , and watch them ponder in confusion as their computer takes on a life of its own .
Make it Pop… I Mean , Stop ! : For a prank that will drive anyone crazy , enable pop-up notifications on your coworker 's computer in 30 second intervals . They can say anything you 'd like– make them think they have meetings coming up , notify them it 's time to shave that goatee they 've been working on that you strongly disapprove of , tell them they look lovely today– no matter what the messages are , they 're bound to drive them up a wall . To enable pop-up notifications on a Mac , you can schedule them into the ‘ Alerts ' application , and on a window , use the chain Start > All Programs > Accessories > System Tools > Task Scheduler . You can make the notifications span five minutes or schedule them periodically throughout the day , just make sure the best ones come first , so if they catch on , they definitely get to see the best one .
No… You Called Me ! : Commonly known as the Chinese Food Prank Call , if your office phone has the ability to make conference calls , you can prank two people at once . Dial one coworker 's extension , then quickly dial the other 's into a conference call . They will both answer at once while you listen in as the confusion ensues as to who called who- easily among our favorite phone pranks .
Catch Me if You Can : Every time your coworker leaves their desk , call their phone . Then , just as they 're about to answer it , hang up . Do this every time they get up and watch the frustration rise as they think they are just missing important phone calls .
Steve Who : Enlist the help of a bunch of friends around the office and have everyone call the same person with a message for “ Steve. ” They person will be totally confused as to how all of these people got the wrong number for “ Steve. ” Then , at the end of the day , have “ Steve ” call asking for all of his messages .
I ThINK Not : For funny pranks to pull on someone 's desk , using clear nail polish , paint the tips of every single pen and pencil at your coworker 's desk , so when they go to use them , they wo n't write . ( This is easily reversible using nail polish remover afterwards . )
I ThINK Not II : Pick up some invisible ink from your local gag shop ( Five Below also sells it ) , and cover your coworkers ' important documents in invisible ink right before they return to their desk . Watch the moment of panic turn to relief as the ink fades away . This works just as well if you cover their favorite blazer .
Posted Wednesday , November 28 , 2012 5:39 am
Wednesday November 28 , 2012
BRATTLEBORO -- Tuesday 's trial for six Vermont Yankee protesters featured ringing cell phones , applause , a poster bearing a large fish , a reference to Hitler and an attempt to introduce the Bill of Rights as evidence .
While the result -- trespassing convictions and $ 350 fines -- was fairly ordinary , the trial that proceeded that verdict was anything but .
That was partly the result of the defendants ' decision to represent themselves . But Judge John Wesley had pledged early in the day to allow the six female members of the Shut It Down Affinity Group to express themselves as long as they stayed `` within bounds '' set by the court .
`` That , in my judgment , is part of their right to a fair trial , '' Wesley said .
The lack of defense attorneys led to some unconventional and awkward moments , including :
-- When Vernon Police Chief Mary Beth Hebert said all of the defendants except for Nancy First had been arrested for previous Yankee protests , First quickly corrected her .
`` No , I have , '' First said .
Wesley ordered that admission stricken from the court record .
-- While Windham County Deputy State 's Attorney Steven Brown had introduced photos of the nuclear plant 's entrance as exhibits , protester Patricia `` Paki '' Wieland took the stand and asked for admission of the Bill of Rights .
Wesley denied her request .
-- At one point , two of the women unfurled a large `` VY poisons all '' banner that had been used in the protest . But they were unsure what to do next .
Wesley said the court had no interest in keeping the banner , adding that he would consider it `` a demonstrative exhibit . ''
The defendants also brought to court a large poster showing a fish and bearing the words `` hot water , '' a reference to emissions from the plant .
-- With no defense attorneys to ask questions , Wesley told the defendants to simply take the stand and testify as in a `` soliloquy . ''
But Brown later pointed out that it was allowable for the women to ask each other questions as cross-examination . Wesley agreed and praised Brown 's ethics , and the courtroom audience erupted in applause .
`` Thank you , Mr. Brown , '' spectators said in unison .
-- Frances Crowe , the oldest of the defendants at 93 , had no issue with using an extreme example to show why protesters had exhausted their `` administrative remedies '' and felt compelled to trespass at Vermont Yankee .
`` Everything Hitler did in Nazi Germany was legal , but it was wrong , '' she said .
-- The defendants also did not shy away from highlighting their ages . Wieland quoted a Native American saying : `` When the grandmothers speak , the earth will heal . ''
After the trial , outspoken protester Hattie Nestel saw the group 's collective age as an indictment of many who will not protest .
`` Who is there to say 'no ? ' Six old ladies , '' she said . `` It 's ridiculous . ''
-- In violation of court rules , Nestel 's cell phone rang repeatedly during the trial even after she thought she had turned it off .
When a phone rang late in the proceeding , she declared that `` it 's not me . ''
-- There were multiple references to the defendants ' past protests and arrests , and it was apparent that Hebert had a good working relationship with the protest group .
Asked to characterize the protesters , she initially hesitated but then answered .
`` What do I think you are ? Persistent , '' Hebert said , evoking laughter from the courtroom audience .
MYSTIC , Conn. — On her trainer 's command , an alabaster-skinned beluga whale named Naku placed her chin on the deck of her outdoor pool and exhaled several times , emitting a hollow “ chuff ” sound with each breath . The vapor rose into a petri dish a researcher held over her blowhole .
Those tiny drops contain a wealth of information , it turns out . Researchers at Mystic Aquarium and elsewhere are learning how to use the breath , or “ blow , ” of whales and dolphins to extract and measure hormones , microorganisms , DNA and the byproducts of metabolism .
Their goal is not only to improve the health of captive cetaceans like Naku , but also to develop a powerful , unobtrusive technique for studying them . While blood is the gold standard in physiological research , it can be hard to obtain — and all but impossible from large whales . Three new studies describe advances in breath analysis , which may prove to be the next best thing .
“ I suspect that everything that 's in the blood is in the blow , just at much lower concentration , a little harder to measure , ” said Kathleen Hunt , a research scientist at the New England Aquarium in Boston . “ All kinds of goodies that we could learn a lot from that we 've never been able to get from these animals . ”
It is nine years since a joint effort by Germany 's federal government and both houses of parliament failed to outlaw the far-right National Democratic Party ( NPD ) . These are only three bodies that are empowered by the German constitution to make such a move . To do so , they have to submit a request to the Federal Constitutional Court .
But in March 2003 , the court threw out a case against the NPD , saying the use of state-sponsored , undercover informants - known in Germany as `` V-Leute '' - was a violation of a strict law prohibiting interference from the state .
According to the court , it could not determine whether the evidence gathered against the NPD supported the allegations of unconstitutional behavior prior to it being infiltrated by agents , or whether the evidence had solely been gathered once those agents were undercover in the NPD .
Disgraced state
The court 's decision was not a ruling on whether or not NPD was an unconstitutional group . But it did stop the state 's efforts to have the NPD banned - an embarrassment caused by its own mistakes that compromised the case .
The NPD , meanwhile , celebrated what was seen as a cheap victory - victory over a state which it rejected .
It was clear what the failure of the case meant for any future attempts to ban the party .
For now , though , all the undercover agents would have to be extracted from the party under its own observation .
German interior ministers are regularly metting to fight the NPD
Now , after much hesitation , that is what the interior ministers of Germany 's 16 states have finally agreed to do . It would be the first step towards a second attempt to ban the NPD . Germany 's interior minister , Hans-Peter Friedrich , has voiced his support for the idea , increasing the chances of it actually happening . Friedrich will have to propose a resolution for deactivating the agents at the next meeting of interior ministers on March 22 in Berlin .
Building a new case
In early 2011 , a working group of interior ministers started meeting to gather new material and information , which it hopes constitutional bodies will be able to use to help re-initiate banning procedures against the NPD .
Both in Germany and outside of the country , expectations for new procedures have grown since a series of murders by suspected neo-Nazis came to light late last year . A neo-Nazi gang was found to be behind the murders of nine immigrants and one police officer .
But the murder case alone will not be enough to ban the NPD - unless a strong link to the murders can be established . Authorities will have to demonstrate the party has an `` aggressively combative '' stance against Germany 's free democratic order . But since its founding in 1964 , authorities have been unable to prove a connection between the group 's roughly 6,600 members and violent neo-Nazis .
Former NPD official Ralf appears surrounded by guards at a NPD demonstration in 2007
Murder link ?
Last November , a former NPD official , Ralf Wohlleben , was arrested in connection with the murders . He has been accused of buying a weapon and ammunition for the National Socialist Underground ( NSU ) , the group found responsible for the murders . But legal experts doubt whether individual connections such as this - between violent extremists and the former member of the NPD - will be sufficient evidence to have the party banned .
If the Germany state succeeds in banning the NPD , the party will be the third to meet that fate . The first was the Socialist Reich Party ( SRP ) - the successor to Adolf Hitler 's Nazi party - which was banned in 1952 . Then , the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) was outlawed in 1956 , at the height of the Cold War .
Author : Marcel Fürstenau/srs
Editor : Zulfikar Abbany
The 2013 calendar year was packed with literary translation news . At least two new publishers entered the field : Frische & Co. published its first e-books , and New Vessel Press brought out its first titles . In addition to bringing out the twentieth volume in its translation anthology series , Two Lines ' new book publishing arm published its first titles . And the long-anticipated Library of Arabic Literature launched six more books , following its first offering in December 2012 . These are the first in a series of thirty-five anticipated translations over the next five years . Similarly , working with the Literature Translation Institute of Korea , Dalkey Archive launched its Library of Korean Literature , bringing out several titles .
In other news , Alison Anderson asked , “ Where Are the Women in Translation ? ” rejuvenating a discussion of the underrepresentation of women in literary translation . Amazon topped the list as the US 's most prolific literary translation publisher , and Blackstone Audio brought out four audiobook translations of Gabriel García Márquez 's works . Adding to the critical field , Columbia University Press published In Translation : Translators on Their Work and What It Means , a collection of essays edited by Esther Allen and Susan Bernofsky ; Bloomsbury published Michelle Woods 's Kafka Translated .
In our second annual list of “ 75 Notable Translations , ” we again offer an admittedly incomplete collection of the year 's most exciting translations . We hope you 'll both find some new to-reads and comment on those we 've missed . Tell us , too , which forthcoming titles you 're most eager to read in 2014—Susan Bernofsky 's new translation of Kafka 's Metamorphosis , perhaps ?
We wish you peace and good reading in the new year .
75 Notable Translations 2013
Peter Aleshkovsky , Stargorod : A Novel in Many Voices , Nina Shevchuk-Murray , tr .
Esmahan Aykol , Baksheesh , Ruth Whitehouse , tr .
Gerbrand Bakker , Ten White Geese , David Colmer , tr .
Mongo Beti , Cruel City , Pim Higginson , tr .
Mahi Binebine , Horses of God , Lulu Norman , tr .
Bergsveinn Birgisson , Reply to a Letter from Helga , Philip Roughton , tr .
Roberto Bolaño , The Unknown University , Laura Healy , tr .
Kristina Carlson , Mr. Darwin 's Gardener , Emily Jeremiah & Fleur Jeremiah , tr .
C. P. Cavafy , Complete Plus : The Poems of C. P. Cavafy in English , George Economou with Stavros Deligiorgis , tr .
Mariusz Czubaj , 21:37 , Anna Hyde , tr .
Marguerite Duras , L'Amour , Kazim Ali & Libby Murphy , tr .
Kristiina Ehin , In a Single Breath , Ilmar Lehtpere , tr .
Álvaro Enrigue , Hypothermia , Brendan Riley , tr .
D. O. Fagunwa , Forest of a Thousand Daemons : A Hunter 's Saga , Wole Soyinka , tr .
Ahmad Faris al-Shidyaq , Leg over Leg , Humphrey Davies , tr .
Michael Farman , ed. , Jade Mirror : Women Poets of China , Michael Farman , Jeanne Larsen , and Geoffrey Waters , tr .
Elena Ferrante , The Story of a New Name , Ann Goldstein , tr .
Arturo Fontaine , La vida doble , Megan McDowell , tr .
Simon Fruelund , Milk and Other Stories , K. E. Semmel , tr .
Marcos Giralt Torrente , The End of Love , Katherine Silver , tr .
Arnon Grunberg , Tirza , Sam Garrett , tr .
Nazim Hikmet , Life 's Good , Brother , Mutlu Konuk Blasing , tr .
Agawa Hiroyuki , Citadel in Spring : A Novel of Youth Spent at War , Lawrence Rogers , tr .
Hyesim , Magnolia and Lotus : Selected Poems , Ian Haight & T'ae-yŏng Hŏ , tr .
Sonallah Ibrahim , That Smell & Notes from Prison , Robyn Creswell , tr .
Angel Igov , A Short Tale of Shame , Angela Rodel , tr .
Ismail Kadare , The Fall of the Stone City , John Hodgson , tr .
Abbas Khider , The Village Indian , Donal McLaughlin , tr .
Anna Kim , Anatomy of a Night , Bradley Schmidt , tr .
Karl Ove Knausgaard , My Struggle : Book Two , Don Bartlett , tr .
Takiji Kobayashi , The Crab Cannery Ship and Other Novels of Struggle , Željko Cipriš , tr .
Foumiko Kometani , Wasabi for Breakfast , Mary Goebel Noguchi , tr .
László Krasznahorkai , Seiobo There Below , Ottilie Mulzet , tr .
Dany Laferrière , The World Is Moving Around Me : A Memoir of the Haiti Earthquake , David Homel , tr .
Juhan Liiv , Snow Drifts , I Sing , Jüri Talvet & H. L. Hix , tr .
Pedro Mairal , The Missing Year of Juan Salvatierra , Nick Caistor , tr .
Javier Marías , The Infatuations , Margaret Jull Costa , tr .
Victor Martinovich , Paranoia , Diane Nemec Ignashev , tr .
Jarosłow Mikołajewski , Froth : Poems , Piotr Florcyzk , tr .
Mo Yan , Sandalwood Death , Howard Goldblatt , tr .
Gellu Naum , Athanor and Other Pohems , Martin Woodside , tr .
Yoko Ogawa , Revenge : Eleven Dark Tales , Stephen Snyder , tr .
Amos Oz , Between Friends , Sondra Silverston , tr .
Inka Parei , What Darkness Was , Katy Derbyshire , tr .
Joaquín Pérez Azaústre , The Swimmers , Lucas Lyndes , tr .
Robert Perisic , Our Man in Iraq , Will Firth , tr .
Riikka Pulkkinen , The Limit , Lola Rogers , tr .
Giedra Radvilavičiūtė , Those Whom I Would Like to Meet Again , Elizabeth Novickas , tr .
Red Spectres : Russian Gothic Tales from the Twentieth Century , Muireann Maguire , ed . & tr .
Yannis Ritsos , Diaries of Exile , Karen Emmerich & Edmund Keeley , tr .
Charlotte Roche , Wrecked , Tim Mohr , tr .
Tadeusz Różewicz , Mother Departs ( Special Edition ) , Barbara Bogoczek , tr .
Tomasz Różycki , Colonies , Mira Rosenthal , tr .
Eugen Ruge , In Times of Fading Light , Anthea Bell , tr .
Mahmoud Saeed , Ben Barka Lane , Kay Heikkinen , tr .
Parinoush Saniee , The Book of Fate , Sara Khalili , tr .
Severo Sarduy , Firefly , Mark Fried , tr .
Gheorghe Săsărman , Squaring the Circle : A Pseudotreatise of Urbogony , Ursula K. Le Guin , tr .
Sohrab Sepehri , The Oasis of Now : Selected Poems , Kazim Ali & Mohammad Jafar Mahallati , tr .
Nihad Sirees , The Silence and the Roar , Max Weiss , tr .
Alexander Snegriev , Petroleum Venus , Arch Tait , tr .
Witold Szabłowski , The Assassin from Apricot City , Antonia Lloyd-Jones , tr .
Antonio Tabucchi , The Woman of Porto Pim , Tim Parks , tr .
Jáchym Topol , The Devil 's Workshop , Alex Zucker , tr .
Sirkka Turkka , A Sure Star in a Moonless Night , Emily Jeremiah , tr .
Buket Uzuner , I Am Istanbul , Kenneth J. Dakan , tr .
Giorgio Vasta , Time on My Hands , Jonathan Hunt , tr .
Mariapia Veladiano , A Life Apart , Cristina Viti , tr .
Alexander Vvedensky , An Invitation for Me to Think , Eugene Ostashevsky & Matvei Yankelevich , tr .
Christa Wolf , City of Angels , Damion Searls , tr .
A . B. Yehoshua , The Retrospective , Stuart Schoffman , tr .
Yi Kwang-su , The Soil , Hwang Sun-ae & Horace Jeffery Hodges , tr .
Alejandro Zambra , Ways of Going Home , Megan McDowell , tr .
Shemi Zarhin , Some Day , Yardenne Greenspan , tr .
Zhu Wen , The Matchmaker , the Apprentice , and the Football Fan : More Stories of China , Julia Lovell , tr .
( CNN ) A freshman accused of shooting four fellow students at Northern Arizona University has been charged with one count of first-degree murder and three counts of felony aggravated assault .
Steven Jones , 18 , said `` Yes '' when a Coconino County judge asked him over a video feed Friday afternoon if he understood the charges . Bail was set at $ 2 million .
Prosecutors said Jones was involved in a fight with other students around 1:20 a.m. Friday and ran to his car where he picked up a handgun . This is not a case of self-defense , the prosecution said .
Colin Brough was killed and Nicholas Piring , Nicholas Prato and Kyle Zientek were wounded , the university said .
University Police Chief Gregory T. Fowler said at a morning news conference that Jones was cooperating with investigators .
Fowler said it appeared the victims had been shot multiple times .
The victims were all members of the Delta Chi fraternity , the organization said Friday . The suspected gunman was a pledge in another fraternity -- Sigma Chi , according to that organization 's national office .
`` We are deeply saddened by this tragedy and our thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the victims , as well as the entire community in Flagstaff , '' Delta Chi said in a statement . The organization said it was seeking the university 's help in providing counseling to its members .
Sigma Chi Executive Director Michael Church sent his condolences to the victims .
`` Our hearts and prayers are with the family and friends of the individual killed and those who were injured , '' he said . Church added that the incident was `` in no way associated with any chapter event , '' but the chapter has been suspended and Jones removed from the pledge program .
University President Rita Cheng said the school had experienced `` a terrible tragedy . ''
`` This is not going to be a normal day at NAU , '' she told reporters . `` Our hearts are heavy . ''
Students shaken up
Students , appearing weary and shocked , attended a morning news conference on the shooting . Some questioned why it took more than an hour after the shooting for text notifications warning of danger to go out to the university community .
Junior Megan Aardahl told CNN she awoke to text messages from the school and her family checking to see if she was OK. She said the incident rattled her and other students .
`` There 's a huge sense of community here , so everyone 's just trying to like to reach out and make sure everyone 's OK , but it 's a little anxious not knowing who 's involved , '' she said .
Fowler said he could n't immediately explain the messaging delays but said officers sent initial alerts out of an abundance of caution even though the situation was under control and there was no danger to students .
Gov . Doug Ducey pledged state support to help police investigate the shooting and to help this injured recover .
`` This heartbreaking incident will impact many of our fellow citizens , and I ask all Arizonans to keep them and the family of the individual lost in their thoughts and prayers as they cope with this tragedy , '' he said .
Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , also issued a statement .
`` My thoughts and prayers are with families of the person who was killed and the three others who were wounded in the horrific shooting on the campus of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff early this morning , '' he said . `` I appreciate the efforts of all state and local law enforcement officials , first-responders and school administrators , and continue to pray for the recovery of the injured , as well as all those in the NAU community who have been impacted by this terrible tragedy . ''
For modern biologists , the ability to capture high-quality , three-dimensional ( 3D ) images of living tissues or organisms over time is necessary to answer problems in areas ranging from genomics to neurobiology and developmental biology . The better the image , the more detailed the information that can be drawn from it . Looking to improve upon current methods of imaging , researchers from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have developed a novel approach that could redefine optical imaging of live biological samples by simultaneously achieving high resolution , high penetration depth ( for seeing deep inside 3D samples ) , and high imaging speed .
The imaging technique is explained in a paper in the advance online publication of the journal Nature Methods , released on July 14 . It will also appear in an upcoming print version of the journal .
`` Before our work , the state-of-the-art imaging techniques typically excelled in only one of three key parameters : resolution , depth , or speed . With our technique , it 's possible to do well in all three and , critically , without killing , damaging , or adversely affecting the live biological samples , '' says biologist Scott Fraser , director of the Biological Imaging Center at Caltech 's Beckman Institute and senior author of the study .
The research team achieved this imaging hat trick by first employing an unconventional imaging method called light-sheet microscopy , where a thin , flat sheet of light is used to illuminate a biological sample from the side , creating a single illuminated optical section through the sample . The light given off by the sample is then captured with a camera oriented perpendicularly to the light sheet , harvesting data from the entire illuminated plane at once . This allows millions of image pixels to be captured simultaneously , reducing the light intensity that needs to be used for each pixel . This not only enables fast imaging speed but also decreases the light-induced damage to the living samples , which the teams demonstrated using the embryos of fruit fly and zebrafish .
To achieve sharper image resolution with light-sheet microscopy deep inside the biological samples , the team used a process called two-photon excitation for the illumination . This process has been used previously to allow deeper imaging of biological samples ; however , it usually is used to collect the image one pixel at a time by focusing the exciting light to a single small spot .
`` The conceptual leap for us was to realize that two-photon excitation could also be carried out in sheet-illumination mode , '' says Thai Truong , a postdoctoral fellow in Fraser 's laboratory and first author of the paper . This novel side-illumination with a two-photon illumination is the topic of a pending patent .
`` With this approach , we believe that we can make a contribution to advancing biological imaging in a meaningful way , '' continues Truong , who did his Ph.D. training in physics . `` We did not want to develop a fanciful optical imaging technique that excels only in one niche area , or that places constraints on the sample so severe that the applications will be limited . With a balanced high performance in resolution , depth , and speed , all achieved without photo-damage , two-photon light-sheet microscopy should be applicable to a wide variety of in vivo imaging applications . '' He credits this emphasis on wide applicability to the interdisciplinary nature of the team , which includes two biologists , two physicists , and one electrical engineer .
`` We believe the performance of this imaging technique will open up many applications in life sciences and biomedical research -- wherever it is useful to observe , non-invasively , dynamic biological process in 3D and with cellular or subcellular resolution , '' says Willy Supatto , co-author of the paper and a former postdoctoral fellow in Fraser 's laboratory ( now at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique , in France ) .
One example of such an application would be to construct 3D movies of the entire embryonic development of an organism , covering the entire embryo in space and time . These movies could capture what individual cells are doing , as well as important genes ' spatiotemporal expression patterns -- elucidating the activation of those genes within specific tissues at specific times during development .
`` The goal is to create 'digital embryos , ' providing insights into how embryos are built , which is critical not only for basic understanding of how biology works but also for future medical applications such as robotic surgery , tissue engineering , or stem-cell therapy , '' says Fraser . The team 's first attempt at this can be seen in the accompanying movie , in which the cell divisions and movements that built the entire fruit fly embryo were captured without perturbing its development : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6C11c-03ihc .
The research was supported by the Beckman Institute and the U.S. National Institutes of Health .
Economics as a field is incredibly hard to define . There are the more econometrically inclined who emphasize the science side , and the more humanistically inclined who emphasize the social side . But as a social science , it has leaned more to the latter than the former in recent years , partly because models have the patina of predictability and reliability that can not be easily replicated with non-empirical qualitative assertions .
Both sides do agree on one thing : they love efficiency . If all economics can trace itself back to one idea , it is Utilitarianism 's drive for greater efficiency . This is of course difficult to define , but when it comes to the microeconomic issues of revenue , earnings , and expenses , efficiency is simple : it means getting more earnings by reducing expenses . This is ultimately the goal of technology , of every business owner , and , of course , of economists the world over .
So if economists really want greater efficiency at all costs , this week is a great opportunity to put their money where their mouths are and demand a pay cut .
Why ? To start , the BLS is probably not going to release a jobs report on Friday due to the government shutdown , leading to this tongue-in-cheek article on Bloomberg . Today , we do n't need economists to work as much as normal , because we lack the data to analyze .
So what should we do to make the world more economical and efficient ? Perhaps we can begin by taking a book from the universities and colleges , which have been shifting their models to performance-based pay for years . Let 's calculate their gross annual wage by how accurately they have analyzed the data , subtracting for the lack of data today .
A good start , but it 's not enough . To squeeze more efficiency out of our legion of economists , let 's take a another page from the private sector 's treatment of low-skill labor and transition these individuals to hourly pay instead of salaries . Hourly pay and part-time jobs have been rising sharply since the subprime mortgage crisis ( the one that few economists expected or predicted ) . With our economists on a much more efficient hourly-based pay , we can tell them to go home a bit early today , and just to bill us for 35 hours for this week instead of the usual 40 .
Alternatively , we could perhaps read Tyler Cowen 's latest book and start thinking about new ways to adapt eighteenth-century ideologies to a twenty-first century world .
Advertisements
An Existentialist children 's story , aiming to explain the ideas behind Sartre 's Being and Nothingness to an audience of under-sixes . Why the hell not ?
Why is mummy so sad ?
One day , Simone and her mummy were getting ready to go to bed . It had been a very busy day indeed .
Simone and her mummy had gone into town to do some shopping . Simone 's mummy had bought a new dress and they had bought a pretty hat for Simone . But even after such a busy day , Simone was n't tired . Not one bit .
Instead , Simone wanted to play with her toys .
“ Please let 's play for a while , mummy , ” said Simone , “ look , I 'll play at being the daughter and you can play at being the mummy . ”
Suddenly Simone 's mummy looked very sad indeed .
Simone saw that her mummy looked sad and so she said , “ It 's okay , mummy , do n't be sad . If you do n't want to be the mummy , you can always choose to be someone else . ”
That made Simone 's mummy look even sadder still .
“ I think that you should go to bed now , Simone , ” said her mummy , looking at the floor .
So Simone went to bed . As she was falling asleep she wondered , “ Why is mummy so sad ? ”
That night , a funny little man visited Simone in her dreams .
Simone could n't remember the last time that she had seen anybody who looked quite so unusual . He had very strange eyes and a very strange walk , and he smelled of coffee and smoke .
“ Hello , ” she said , “ my name 's Simone . What 's yours ? ”
“ My name is Jean-Paul , ” said the man .
He must be very important , thought Simone . I 've never met anybody with two names before .
Simone then had a very clever idea : maybe this man could help with her question !
“ Jean-Paul , ” she asked , “ do you know why my mummy is so sad ? ”
“ Maybe I can show you , ” said Jean-Paul .
Suddenly , they were both in the café that Simone and her mummy had visited earlier that day .
“ Look at that man. ” said Jean-Paul , pointing at the waiter , “ What do you see ? ”
Simone looked at the waiter . He was balancing a tray full of drinks on one hand and expertly moving between the tables .
“ I see a waiter , ” said Simone . She was beginning to think that this man might not be so clever after all .
“ Ah ha ! ” said Jean-Paul , “ I see a man pretending to be a waiter ! ”
Simone looked confused .
“ I 'll explain. ” said Jean-Paul . “ Look at that table . It is a table in every way it can be . It does n't have a choice in the matter , it just is . ”
Simone thought about this for a moment and nodded ; after all , she could n't imagine a table choosing to do anything !
“ Now look at the waiter again , ” Jean-Paul continued , “ he 's trying to be a waiter in the same way that the table is a table . ”
“ Well that 's silly ! ” said Simone . “ The table does n't choose whether to be a table or not ! It 's just a table . ”
“ Exactly ! ” said Jean-Paul . “ At the heart of the table 's being is being a table . Do you know what 's at the heart of the waiter 's being ? ”
Simone thought about this . “ Well , ” she said , “ it 's not being a waiter . He 's only choosing to do that… ”
“ Go on , ” said Jean-Paul , with a nod of encouragement .
“ …and If he 's choosing to be a waiter , I suppose he could choose to be something else . ”
“ Yes ! ” cried Jean-Paul . “ Now what do you suppose would be at the heart of a thing which could choose to be anything at all ? ”
Simone thought very hard about this .
“ If you are n't anything without choosing to be it , ” she said after a while , “ then there 's nothing left to be . ”
“ That 's right ! ” laughed Jean-Paul , clapping his hands and doing a funny dance . “ The heart of our being is nothing at all ! ”
Simone did n't understand .
“ I know that it sounds strange , ” Jean-Paul continued , “ but with nothing at the heart of our being , we 're free to be anything we choose ! ”
“ So why does he pretend to be a waiter ? ” Simone asked .
“ It 's because he 's scared. ” Jean-Paul replied , with a sad shake of his head . “ He does n't like the idea that he is so free , free to do and be whatever he wants , so he ignores his freedom and pretends to be a thing , not a person . ”
“ Come , let 's leave the waiter here . There 's someone else I 'd like you to meet . ”
Simone took Jean-Paul 's hand and they left the cafe .
As soon as they stepped outside , everything changed . This took Simone by surprise : she was so determined to find out why her mummy was so sad that she had quite forgotten that she was dreaming . As quick as a flash , they were back in the shop where Simone 's mummy had brought her new dress .
Simone saw a mother and daughter looking at all the nice clothes . The daughter was holding a dress and impatiently tugging at her mother 's arm . Simone felt glad that she was never that badly behaved .
“ Look closely. ” Said Jean-Paul .
They watched as the lady moved through the shop , paying no attention to her daughter , no matter how much she begged for the dress .
“ This lady is different from the waiter – look – not only is she paying no attention to her daughter , she 's also paying no attention to herself . She does n't want to have to disappoint her daughter by saying no , nor does she want to have to spend a lot of money by saying yes . ”
Simone looked at the lady . She had a faraway look in her eyes and did n't seem to notice anything at all .
“ In order to avoid making the decision , ” Jean-Paul continued , “ she 's choosing to ignore her body completely – she wants to pretend that it 's not there at all , that she 's just her mind ! ”
Simone was beginning to understand .
“ So she 's being a bit like the waiter ? ” She asked .
“ That 's right , Simone ! ” Jean-Paul said with a smile . “ She 's being just like the waiter , only opposite ! ”
“ Because she 's ignoring her body and the waiter was ignoring his mind ? ”
“ Exactly right ! ” Jean-Paul laughed . “ You are a very clever girl ! ”
Simone beamed .
“ That 's very nice of you to say , Jean-Paul , but I still do n't understand why my mummy looked so sad . ”
“ Well , ” said Jean-Paul , squinting into the distance , “ like everyone else , your mummy is frightened by all the freedom that she has . ”
“ But why ? ” asked Simone , who was puzzled indeed . “ Is n't it good to be free ? ”
Jean-Paul chuckled and patted her on the head .
“ Of course it is . Freedom is everything that we have , but that does n't mean it ca n't be frightening . ”
All of a sudden , Simone and Jean-Paul were standing on top of the table in Simone 's dining room and , with a gasp of shock , Simone found that she was holding her mummy 's most expensive vase .
“ I do n't like this Jean-Paul ! ” cried Simone . “ I 'm frightened that I 'll drop it . Please take it away . ”
Jean-Paul nodded his head . “ Yes , you might drop it by accident and that would be sad , would n't it ? ”
Simone was too scared to answer
“ But , ” said Jean-Paul , “ you might also throw it . ”
Simone 's eyes went wide .
“ No ! ” she shouted . “ I 'd never do that . I 'm a good girl ! ”
“ Ah , ” said Jean-Paul , “ but you could . You 're choosing to be good , but at any moment you could choose to be bad and smash the vase into a thousand pieces . ”
“ That 's why the waiter was afraid. ” whispered Simone , after catching her breath . “ He realised that he was free to do anything at all , even things that were really horrible . ”
“ That 's right. ” said Jean-Paul , glad that Simone was starting to understand .
“ So he pretended to be something that did n't have that freedom , so he did n't have to make that choice ! ”
“ That 's exactly it. ” said Jean-Paul , sitting in a big leather armchair that Simone had n't seen before . “ But deep down he knows that he 's lying to himself . He 's acting in what I like to call ‘ bad faith ' . ”
“ So that 's what made my mummy so sad ? ”
“ That 's right Simone . You reminded your mummy of all the freedom that she has . ”
“ And she felt the same kind of scared that I did when I realised I could smash this vase ? ”
“ That 's right . I call it ‘ anguish ' . ”
The word sounded strange to Simone , but she did n't mind . She 'd just thought of a brilliant plan !
“ Wait ! ” she said . “ If there 's bad faith , then there must be good faith as well ! Learning to live in good faith would stop my mummy being so sad ! ”
“ You 're quite right , ” Jean-Paul said with a sad smile , “ but that 's for another day . ”
Simone blinked , and with that she sat bolt upright in her bed . It was morning and all the birds were singing .
Simone rushed downstairs to tell her mummy all about her dream , but dreams are funny things .
When she got into the kitchen , she had forgotten everything , apart from a strange little man with a strange little walk , who smelled like coffee and smoke .
This system of financing is partly responsible for the absurdly long time it can take to get a degree in the humanities , says Debra W. Stewart , president of the Council of Graduate Schools . In many countries , the government pays students to complete Ph.D. 's within a certain time frame , perhaps three or four years .
In the United States , given that most students take time off , nearly a dozen years can pass between receiving a B.A . and Ph.D. About half who enter a humanities doctoral program drop out along the way . The average student receiving a Ph.D. today is 35 years old , $ 23,000 in debt and facing a historically bad job market . Adjunct jobs — with year-to-year contracts , no benefits and no security — may be the only option .
Louis Menand , an English professor at Harvard and another longtime critic of the Ph.D. production process , notes : “ Lives are warped because of the length and uncertainty of the doctoral education process. ” In his new book , “ The Marketplace of Ideas , ” he writes , “ Put in less personal terms , there is a huge social inefficiency in taking people of high intelligence and devoting resources to training them in programs that half will never complete and for jobs that most will not get . ”
In the spring issue of the Modern Language Association 's newsletter , Sidonie Smith , an English professor at the University of Michigan and president of the organization , resuscitated a proposal that had been swirling around blue-ribbon task forces and educational panels for years : to broaden the range of research options beyond the classic dissertation to include already-published peer-reviewed essays , research portfolios and digital publications and presentations . Aside from shortening the Ph.D. process , she argues , this would make scholarship less arcane and more relevant .
Despite high-level support for reform , educators say that wholesale change is not likely any time soon . For one , any meaningful transformation in doctoral requirements must be adopted universally , says Richard Wheeler , interim vice chancellor for academic affairs and former dean of the graduate college at the University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign . Who would want to attend a program that another university — and potential employer — does n't recognize as valid ? “ It has n't reached enough of a crisis point yet , ” Dr. Wheeler says .
“ It 's very hard to get through the graduate student experience , ” he adds .
The union of graduate students at Illinois staged a brief strike in November over guarantees that their tuition would be waived . Dr. Wheeler attributes the protest to general discontent as much as specific employment issues . “ There 's despair , anger , frustration , ” he says . “ A lot of people are unhappy . ”
Dr. Wheeler , who received his English Ph.D. in 1969 , took four years to finish . Graduate programs have since added more stringent requirements , he says , and expectations for what a degree holder is supposed to have accomplished have radically increased . He had not published anything when he was hired ; today , applicants are expected to have a list of published research on their résumés .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The job problem has been brewing for years . In 1989 , William G. Bowen and Julie Ann Sosa issued a widely publicized report that forecast a huge turnover in faculty and suggested the creation of a federal program to increase humanities and social sciences Ph.D. 's . Many students — Dr. Pannapacker included — took that advice to heart . Ph.D. production in English and American language and literature grew 61 percent between 1987 and 1995 ; history Ph.D. 's rose by 51 percent .
By the late 1990s , though , the spanking-new degree candidates discovered just how mistaken the Bowen-Sosa report was . The end of mandatory retirement and the increase in the use of part-time and adjunct faculty meant there were many more exceptionally qualified job seekers than jobs . The current recession has only exacerbated the problem , with many institutions imposing hiring freezes or layoffs . The M.L.A. , for example , reported that its total job listings dropped by a quarter in the 2008-2009 academic year , the largest single-year decline in the 34 years that the organization has been doing job counts . And these numbers do n't include postings that were subsequently canceled because of budget cuts .
At the same time , the practice of hiring off-tenure teachers is growing . According to a new survey of humanities departments by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , half of the faculty members in English and foreign languages — more than any other department — are not on a tenure track . Part of the reason for the large number is that freshman composition classes , which are often required , are taught by those departments , and adjuncts .
Unlike in life science or engineering , the number of doctoral degrees awarded in the humanities — the pool of fields that generally include languages , history , philosophy , music , drama and archeology — has actually dipped in the last few years , with 4,722 recipients in 2008 ( down from 5,112 in 2007 ) , according to the National Science Foundation .
But more than a third of those degree-holders had no definite job ( part or full time , off or on a tenure track ) or any postdoctoral study commitment .
The number of degrees may dip further . Some major universities , including Harvard , Princeton , the University of Chicago , Emory and Northwestern , reduced the number of doctoral students in the humanities and social sciences they admitted this past year . Much more radical cuts would be required to bring the supply of graduates and the demand for them into balance , and that would be a solution that stirs up its own problems . If enrollment drops too low , there may not be enough students to justify courses in specialized areas .
Other practical reasons exist for resisting reductions . Doctoral programs bring prestige to a university and help retain faculty members who want to mentor the next generation of scholars . They also provide the staff for courses offered to first- and second-year undergraduates — a task many tenured faculty members resist . Even graduate students on full scholarships are cheap labor if they are teaching enough tuition-paying undergraduates .
Dr. Wheeler would like to reverse that practice , at least . “ Putting as many faculty members in front of undergraduates as possible , ” he says , would not only improve the quality of education but would also increase the demand for more tenured faculty members over time .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Funding to hire the professors in the first place has to be there , however .
Dr. Pannapacker has rebuked graduate schools for perpetuating a culture in which unattainable academic careers are portrayed as the only worthwhile goal , and for failing to level with students about their true prospects . With more transparency — if every graduate program published its attrition rate , average debt of its students , time to completion , and what kind of job its graduates got — undergraduates , he says , could make more-informed choices .
“ Academe encourages students to think of what they 're doing as a special kind of calling or vocation which is exempt from the rules of the marketplace , ” he says . Those who look to work outside the scholarly world are seen as rejecting the academy 's core values . “ They socialize students into believing they ca n't leave academe or should n't , which is why they hang on year after year as adjuncts , rather than pursue alternative careers . ”
A bad job market , too , tempts graduate students to stay even longer , since being out on the job circuit for more than a year tends to taint candidates .
As the number of tenure-track jobs shrink , Ms. Stewart of the Council of Graduate Schools says , the profession needs to address these failings .
“ Humanities Ph.D. 's have focused exclusively on the academic job market , ” Ms. Stewart says . “ They do n't have anyplace else to go , or they do n't perceive that they have anyplace else to go . ”
Giants cornerback Janoris Jenkins almost never leaves the field when healthy . He played the first 76 defensive snaps in Sunday 's 27-22 loss to the Chargers before missing the final two snaps . That absence could be a bad omen .
The Chargers got the ball back with 40 seconds left after a tipped Eli Manning pass was intercepted at midfield . While the rest of the Giants ' defensive starters took the field for the final kneel downs by Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers , Jenkins headed to the locker room .
Jenkins ' early departure may have gone unnoticed if coach Ben McAdoo had n't used the Giants ' final timeout with 38 seconds remaining after Rivers ' first kneel down . While the timeout by McAdoo was an act of desperation , he was still clearly hoping for a fumbled snap to give his team a shot at a miraculous win . Meanwhile , his All-Pro cornerback had already given up .
`` We 'll handle all those issues in-house , '' McAdoo said during Monday 's teleconference .
When asked if it was safe to say he did n't appreciate Jenkins ' premature exit , McAdoo did n't respond . Jenkins left the locker room before it was open to the media and defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo was spotted chasing after the cornerback .
Losing the locker room has to be McAdoo 's biggest concern after the Giants ' shocking 0-5 start . Jenkins ' early exit looks like one of the first cracks in the foundation .
Giants coming unglued ?
Here are some additional takeaways from Sunday 's snap counts :
* Cornerback Eli Apple was n't happy with his benching for the first three series . Apple 's benching on defense led to an increase in special teams work , as the 2016 first-round pick played 15 snaps in the kicking game . That was the most special teams snaps of Apple 's 19-game career .
* Defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul played 71-of-78 defensive snaps after being listed as questionable with shoulder and knee injuries . Pierre-Paul has played 93.5 percent of the defensive snaps this season . While he did n't have a sack on Sunday , Pierre-Paul had one quarterback hit and six hurries , according to Pro Football Focus .
* Kerry Wynn started and played 44 snaps in place of defensive end Olivier Vernon , who missed the first game of his six-year career with an ankle injury . Fifth-round pick Avery Moss made his career debut on defense and played 29 snaps . Romeo Okwara , who entered the season as the No . 3 defensive end , played just 13 snaps .
* There was no rotation at free safety a week after Darian Thompson shared snaps with backup Andrew Adams . Thompson played 75 snaps , while Adams played just two snaps and Nat Berhe logged six snaps . Thompson responded with the best game of his young career , recording a team-high 11 tackles and an interception in the end zone in the third quarter .
* Strong safety Landon Collins missed three defensive snaps while dealing with a sprained ankle . Collins had played every defensive snap in the previous 18 games . He has only missed eight defensive snaps since the start of last season .
* Linebacker Jonathan Casillas , who had played 89 percent of the defensive snaps in the first four games , played just 35 snaps . Casillas ' snaps mostly went to Keenan Robinson , who played 59 snaps .
* Tight end Rhett Ellison ( 50 snaps ) and wide receiver Roger Lewis ( 45 ) got their most action of the season due to the injuries that decimated the Giants ' wide receiver corps . The Giants only had four healthy receivers at the end of the game : Lewis , Ellison and tight ends Evan Engram and Jerell Adams .
* D.J . Fluker played the final 58 snaps at right guard after replacing John Jerry on the third series of the game .
* Odell Beckham Jr. played two special teams snaps before suffering a season-ending ankle injury on offense late in the game . Beckham allowed a punt to go into the end zone for a touchback early in the fourth quarter and he had a 20-yard kickoff return late in the game .
Offensive snap count totals ( out of 70 ) :
QB Eli Manning : 70
OL Ereck Flowers : 70
OL Justin Pugh : 70
OL Brett Jones : 70
OL Bobby Hart : 70
OL D.J . Fluker : 58
TE Evan Engram : 57
WR Odell Beckham Jr. : 55
TE Rhett Ellison : 50
WR Roger Lewis : 45
RB Wayne Gallman : 27
WR Brandon Marshall : 27
WR Sterling Shepard : 24
RB Shane Vereen : 23
RB Orleans Darkwa : 20
TE Jerell Adams : 14
OL John Jerry : 12
WR Dwayne Harris : 8
Defensive snap count totals ( out of 78 ) :
CB Janoris Jenkins : 76
S Darian Thompson : 75
S Landon Collins : 75
DE Jason Pierre-Paul : 71
CB Eli Apple : 63
LB Keenan Robinson : 59
LB B.J . Goodson : 59
DT Dalvin Tomlinson : 47
DT Damon Harrison : 45
DE Kerry Wynn : 44
LB Devon Kennard : 42
DT Jay Bromley : 42
CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie : 40
CB Ross Cockrell : 35
LB Jonathan Casillas : 35
DE Avery Moss : 29
DE Romeo Okwara : 13
S Nat Berhe : 6
S Andrew Adams : 2
Special teams snap count totals ( out of 32 ) :
LB Calvin Munson : 30
LB Curtis Grant : 30
DE Cap Capi : 25
S Andrew Adams : 25
S Nat Berhe : 25
TE Rhett Ellison : 17
DE Kerry Wynn : 16
WR Dwayne Harris : 15
CB Eli Apple : 15
TE Evan Engram : 13
CB Ross Cockrell : 12
LB Devon Kennard : 11
WR Roger Lewis : 10
TE Jerell Adams : 10
LS Zak DeOssie : 10
P Brad Wing : 10
S Landon Collins : 8
RB Shane Vereen : 7
RB Orleans Darkwa : 7
DT Dalvin Tomlinson : 7
RB Wayne Gallman : 6
K Aldrick Rosas : 6
DE Jason Pierre-Paul : 5
DT Jay Bromley : 5
CB Janoris Jenkins : 3
WR Odell Beckham Jr. : 2
OL Bobby Hart : 2
OL Justin Pugh : 2
OL Ereck Flowers : 2
OL John Jerry : 2
OL Chad Wheeler : 2
CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie : 2
DE Romeo Okwara : 1
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ DDuggan21 . Find our Giants coverage on Facebook .
After comparing the Final Fantasy X HD Remastered soundtrack songs with some of their originals yesterday , it comes to my attention now that someone has done something along the same lines with the visuals .
Final Fantasy X and X-2 will come out in North America on March 18th , for both the PS3 and PS Vita . Those who have seen a lot of coverage and promotional videos usually see what the PS3 version looks like . Now , a Youtuber has created a side-by-side comparison of the Japanese release using the magical wonders of the PS Vita TV .
At the very first shot we see , there is very evident difference in visual fidelity between the PS3 half and the PS Vita half of the opening scene in Final Fantasy X . The assets ( Wakka , Yuna and Tidus ' weapons ) and environmental textures are of a much higher resolution , are sharper and have a wider variety of colorization . However , when you consider that the PS Vita 's screen size is 960 x 544 pixels blown up to 1080i resolution to “ equate ” with the PS3 's output , the difference will not be as noticeable .
That said , we can not downplay what the PS3 version of Final Fantasy X has that the Vita wo n't . As you can see in the title image , anti-aliasing will do wonders for the PS3 when it comes to character closeups . Tidus ' hair , Lulu 's belt emporium of a gown , Rikku 's knife-garters ; all those sharp edges might look more jagged in the PS Vita release .
All I know is that I can not wait for Square Enix to bring Final Fantasy X and X-2 's HD Remaster to North America when it releases on March 18 to make comparisons for myself .
James Beck Gordon ( born July 14 , 1945 ) [ 2 ] is an American musician and songwriter . Gordon was a popular session drummer in the late 1960s and 1970s and was the drummer in the blues rock supergroup Derek and the Dominos . In 1983 , in a psychotic episode associated with undiagnosed schizophrenia , Gordon murdered his mother and was sentenced to 16 years to life in prison .
Music career [ edit ]
Gordon was raised in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles and attended Grant High School . [ 3 ] He passed up a music scholarship to UCLA in order to begin his professional career in 1963 , at age 17 , backing the Everly Brothers . He went on to become one of the most sought-after recording session drummers in Los Angeles . The protégé of studio drummer Hal Blaine , Gordon performed on many notable recordings in the 1960s , including Pet Sounds , by the Beach Boys ( 1966 ) ; Gene Clark with the Gosdin Brothers , by Gene Clark ( 1967 ) ; The Notorious Byrd Brothers , by the Byrds ( 1968 ) ; and the hit `` Classical Gas '' , by Mason Williams ( 1968 ) . At the height of his career Gordon was reportedly so busy as a studio musician that he flew back to Los Angeles from Las Vegas every day to do two or three recording sessions and then returned in time to play the evening show at Caesars Palace .
In 1969 and 1970 Gordon toured as part of the backing band for Delaney & Bonnie , which at the time included Eric Clapton . Clapton subsequently took over the group 's rhythm section — Gordon ( drummer ) , Carl Radle ( bassist ) , Bobby Whitlock ( keyboardist , singer , songwriter ) — and they formed a new band , later called Derek and the Dominos . The band 's first studio work was as the house band for George Harrison 's first solo album , the three-disc set All Things Must Pass ( 1970 ) .
Gordon then played on Derek and the Dominos ' 1970 double album , Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs , contributing , in addition to his drumming , the elegiac piano coda for the title track , `` Layla '' . In later years , Whitlock claimed that the coda was not written by Gordon : `` Jim took that piano melody from his ex-girlfriend Rita Coolidge . I know because in the D & B days I lived in John Garfield 's old house in the Hollywood Hills and there was a guest house with an upright piano in it . Rita and Jim were up there in the guest house and invited me to join in on writing this song with them called 'Time. ' ... Her sister Priscilla wound up recording it with Booker T. Jones .... Jim took the melody from Rita 's song and did n't give her credit for writing it . Her boyfriend ripped her off . `` [ 4 ] Graham Nash ( who also dated Coolidge ) substantiated Whitlock 's claim in his memoir . [ 5 ] `` Time '' was not released by Priscilla Coolidge and Booker T. until 1973 , on their album Chronicles . [ 6 ]
He also played with the band on subsequent U.S. and UK tours . The group split in spring 1971 before they finished recording their second album .
In 1970 Gordon was part of Joe Cocker 's Mad Dogs & Englishmen tour and played on Dave Mason 's album Alone Together . In 1971 , he toured with Traffic and appeared on two of their albums , including The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys . That same year he played on Harry Nilsson 's album Nilsson Schmilsson , contributing the drum solo to the track `` Jump into the Fire '' .
Gordon was the drummer on the Incredible Bongo Band 's album Bongo Rock , released in 1972 , and his drum break on the LP version of `` Apache '' has been frequently sampled by rap music artists . [ 7 ] In 1972 , Gordon was also part of Frank Zappa 's 20-piece 'Grand Wazoo ' big band and the subsequent 10-piece 'Petit Wazoo ' band . Perhaps his best-known recording with Zappa is the title track of the 1974 album Apostrophe ( ' ) , a jam with Zappa and Tony Duran on guitar and Jack Bruce on bass guitar , for which both Bruce and Gordon received a writing credit ( Zappa , when introducing Gordon onstage , frequently referred to him as `` Skippy '' , because of his youthful appearance ) .
In 1973 Gordon played on Johnny Rivers ' Blue Suede Shoes album , and toured with Rivers through 1974 appearing on the Last Boogie in Paris live album . Also in 1974 , Gordon played on most of the tracks on Steely Dan 's album Pretzel Logic , including the single `` Rikki Do n't Lose That Number '' . He again worked with Chris Hillman of the Byrds as the drummer in the Souther–Hillman–Furay Band from 1973 to 1975 . He also played drums on three tracks on Alice Cooper 's 1976 album , Alice Cooper Goes to Hell .
Mental health [ edit ]
Gordon developed schizophrenia and began to hear voices , including those of his mother , which compelled him to starve himself and prevented him from sleeping , relaxing or playing drums . [ 8 ] His physicians misdiagnosed the problems and instead treated him for alcohol abuse . [ citation needed ]
While on tour with Joe Cocker in the early 1970s , Gordon reportedly beat and injured his then girlfriend Rita Coolidge in a hotel hallway , thereby ending their relationship . [ 9 ]
Murder of mother , conviction and incarceration [ edit ]
On June 3 , 1983 , he attacked his 72-year-old mother , Osa Marie Gordon , with a hammer before fatally stabbing her with a butcher knife ; he claimed that a voice told him to kill her . [ 7 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Only after his arrest for murder was Gordon properly diagnosed with schizophrenia . At his trial , the court accepted that he had acute schizophrenia , but he was not allowed to use an insanity defense because of changes to California law due to the Insanity Defense Reform Act , [ 8 ] dismissed by Lawrence Z. Freedman as `` ineffective '' . [ 12 ]
On July 10 , 1984 , Gordon was sentenced to 16 years to life in prison . [ 13 ] He was first eligible for parole in 1991 , but parole has been denied several times . At a 2005 hearing , he claimed his mother was still alive . In 2014 , he declined to attend his hearing and was denied parole until at least 2018 . A Los Angeles deputy district attorney stated at the hearing that he was still `` seriously psychologically incapacitated '' and `` a danger when he is not taking his medication '' . [ 14 ] In November 2017 , Gordon was rediagnosed with schizophrenia . On March 7 , 2018 , Gordon was denied parole for the tenth time and is tentatively scheduled to become eligible again in March 2021 . [ 15 ] As of 2018 , he is serving his sentence at the California Medical Facility , a medical and psychiatric prison in Vacaville , California . [ 16 ]
Discography [ edit ]
During his career , Gordon played with a long list of musicians and record producers , including :
UFC mixed martial arts event in 2015
UFC Fight Night : Henderson vs. Masvidal ( also known as UFC Fight Night 79 ) was a mixed martial arts event held on November 28 , 2015 , at Olympic Gymnastics Arena in Seoul , South Korea . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Background [ edit ]
The event was the first that the organization hosted in South Korea . [ 2 ]
A welterweight bout between former WEC and UFC Lightweight Champion Benson Henderson and former top contender Thiago Alves was expected to headline the event . [ 3 ] However , on November 14 , Alves pulled out the bout due to a broken rib and was replaced by Jorge Masvidal , who was originally scheduled to face Dong Hyun Kim . [ 4 ] Kim in turn faced Dominic Waters . [ 5 ]
A featherweight bout between Doo Ho Choi and Sam Sicilia was originally booked for UFC 173 and later UFC Fight Night : Mir vs. Duffee . However , Choi pulled out both times due to an injury and undisclosed reasons , respectively . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] The fight was later rescheduled for this event . [ 8 ]
A heavyweight bout between the 2006 Pride Open-Weight Grand Prix champion and 2012 K-1 World Grand Prix champion Mirko Filipović and Anthony Hamilton was expected to serve as the co-main event . However , on November 10 , Filipović abruptly announced his retirement , citing a shoulder injury as the main reason and also a series of recurring injuries and other effects of ageing . [ 9 ] Subsequently on the following day , UFC officials confirmed that Filipović had in fact failed a drug test . The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) notified both Filipović and the UFC that he has been provisionally suspended due to a potential Anti-Doping Policy violation . Filipovic revealed he had taken HGH ( Human Growth Hormone ) to help recover from his injuries . Promotion officials also announced that Hamilton had been removed from the card and would be rescheduled for a new bout at a future event . [ 10 ]
Hyun Gyu Lim was expected to face Dominique Steele at the event . However , Lim pulled out of the bout on November 20 and was replaced by promotional newcomer Dong Hyun Kim . [ 11 ]
Results [ edit ]
Bonus awards [ edit ]
The following fighters were awarded $ 50,000 bonuses : [ 13 ]
Fight of the Night : Seo Hee Ham vs. Cortney Casey
Performance of the Night : Doo Ho Choi and Dominique Steele
Aftermath [ edit ]
On November 24 , 2017 at the Seoul Central District Court in South Korea , Tae Hyun Bang was sentenced to a 10-month in prison , for accepting bribes in connection to throw his fight against Leo Kuntz for US $ 92,160 , where he bet half of the bride money on Kuntz . The three `` brokers '' who set up the plot were also sentenced . UFC officials warned both fighters of potential fight fixing when they noticed a big odd shift in the betting lines leading into the event . Therefore , Bang abandoned his plan and went on to win the fight . It was also reported that some mafia members issued death threats on Bang for they had bet US $ 1.7 million in favor of Kuntz to win . [ 14 ]
See also [ edit ]
via Frisco RoughRiders
The Tampa Bay Rays have a 10,000-gallon tank . The Arizona Diamondbacks have a swimming pool . The Jacksonville Jaguars have cabanas .
Come summer of 2016 , the Frisco RoughRiders ( the Double-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers ) will have a 174-foot-long lazy river beyond the right field wall at Dr Pepper Ballpark .
Because why not ?
The RoughRiders announced Thursday they will be adding a lazy river longer than an Olympic-sized swimming pool to their stadium . There will also be 8-foot waterfalls included in the structure .
Let 's get some fun facts on the Choctaw Lazy River :
Now that really helps put things in perspective .
According to ESPN 's Darren Rovell , the lazy river wo n't be available to everyone : `` First dibs will go to groups of 200 who can buy out the river and the rest of the hospitality space , which will include food and non-alcoholic drinks . ''
The general public will , however , be able to buy tickets for the lazy river on `` Thirsty Thursdays '' for $ 39 , a price that includes food and drinks .
Per Valerie Wigglesworth of the Dallas Morning News , the Choctaw Lazy River is projected to open in June .
[ Frisco RoughRiders ]
Adjust Text Size : A+ A-
DAVID JOSEPH MACHUT It is with broken hearts and unbelievable sadness , that we announce the sudden passing of David Joseph Machut on Sunday , June 11 , 2017 . David was a kind , vibrant , and fun loving young man who loved playing sports , and hanging out with numerous family and friends . David was serving in the Canadian Armed Forces with the 1st Regiment Royal Canadian Horse Artillery ( 1RCHA ) and held the rank of Gunner . He is leaving behind his mother Karen ( Kolynn ) , his father Dave , sister Ashley ( Kate ) , grandmothers Evelyn and Marlene , aunts Charlene ( Dan ) , Valerie , Tammy , and numerous cousins and close family friends . David was predeceased by his grandfathers , Joseph and Barry , his uncles , Jason and Rob , and his aunt Cheryl . David was loved and respected by everyone that had the opportunity to meet him and he will be forever missed . We appreciate all the kindness and love that was shown to David in the SICU at the Health Sciences Centre . The memorial service will be held Thursday , June 22 , 2017 at 2:00 p.m. , Glen Lawn Memorial Gardens & Funeral Home .
As published in the Winnipeg Free Press on Jun 17 , 2017
Prolly is Not Probably 's Top 10 Beautiful Bicycles of 2013
As I sat down to scroll through all of the Beautiful Bicycles I photographed this year , I quickly realized how diverse PiNP has become . Previous year 's lists never had a MTB , much less two and even though the site has begun to embrace dirt riding more and more , there are still three track bikes in the rankings . Most of these bicycles were made in the USA by small frame builders , but two overseas-manufactured bikes made the cut .
This year for the Top 10 list , I looked at site metrics , social media ‘ chatter ' and my own favorites ( which were remarkably in-line ) . All of these bikes got at least 100 Facebook likes and over 20,000 visits within the first week of posting . The latter two requisites were necessary to bring it down to ten bikes , from the dozens of my personal favorites . Also , I omitted my own bikes from this list .
I like to think of PiNP as a showcase for Beautiful Bicycles and how they get put to use . See the full Prolly is Not Probably 's Top 10 Beautiful Bicycles of 2013 , in no particular order , in the Gallery !
Beautiful Bicycle : Lauren 's Icarus Commuter
This year , my lovely Lauren not only got a new porteur commuter , but an engagement ring . Still , to this day , I ca n't figure out which one she 's more stoked on… Ian at Icarus Frames delivered the goods with this practical and flashy city bike . Highlights include the fillet brazed stem , White Industries cranks and mirror polished PAUL components .
Beautiful Bicycle : Kyle 's Stinner Frameworks Team Mudfoot Cross
Santa Barbara 's Stinner Frameworks was selected by the Mudfoot Elite Cyclocross Team to build a few frames . Adorned with hand drawings from artist and Mudfoot founder , Geoff McFetridge , these bikes were a huge hit . Kyle 's in particular had details for days ! I just posted this bike last week but it skyrocketed to the list with ease .
Beautiful Bicycle : Jen 's Igleheart Disc Cross
I photographed this bike in the last remaining minutes of the day , as I was leaving Los Angeles on a trip earlier this year . It had literally just been pulled out of the mechanics stand at Golden Saddle Cyclery and was ready to go ! Jen wanted an off-road machine that would fulfill the need for a race bike , when she felt like hopping into one of the SoCal Cross series . Personally , I love the paint and the segmented fork !
2013 NAHBS : Bishop Bikes Drillium Revival Track Bike
This was my favorite bike out of all my coverage for the 2013 NAHBS . Chris Bishop 's craft was matched by Drillium Revival 's classic Campy Pista modification . Plus , that color !
Beautiful Bicycle : Jesse 's Hufnagel Fire Road Racer
Olive drab , leather tape , Paselas… This Hufnagel is at home on the fire roads and singletrack of Los Angeles . Man , I still ca n't get over how clean it is ! Jesse , this thing should stay muddy . Even in Los Angeles .
Beautiful Bicycle : Stanridge Speed x Death Spray Custom Highstreet Track
Do n't mess with Death Spray Custom , or Stanridge Speed 's track bike criterium squad . Especially when they 're on these magnetic race machines ! Inspired by one mechanic 's doubt in the frame material , the DSC paint job is unlike anything I 've seen before .
Beautiful Bicycle : Seth Rosko 's 650b Single Speed MTB
A 650B rigid , SS MTB that weighs less than my cross bike ? Sign me up ! Brooklyn 's Rosko took some extra time when designing his own race machine . Complete with custom Black Cat dropouts and a whole lotta ' seat post .
Beautiful Bicycle : Chas ' Mash Cinelli Prototype Track
This is probably one of my most memorable photoshoots of the year . As the sun set over the mission , I battled howling winds and a terrorizing daschund to shoot this Cinelli Mash Prototype that Chas had thrashed for almost a year in races and on the streets of SF . Got ta love that Montana paint .
Beautiful Bicycle : Team Fat Chance MTB
Golden Saddle Cyclery provided me with more than enough bike porn this year and this Team Fat Chance is one of the best examples . A collector 's dream .
Beautiful Bicycle : Woody 's All-City Thunderdome Track
Speaking of Golden Saddle Cyclery , their mechanic and co-owner Thomas Wood is a gold medal olympic wrench and a part-time training coach . This bike marked part of his recovery from a MTB accident that left him wheelchair-bound for months . Those wheels !
Did I miss your favorite ? Throw a link in the comments below !
_____________________________
I hope you all have had a great holiday season . See you in 2014 !
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2013 July 24
A Year of Sky on Earth
Video Credit & Copyright : Ken Murphy ( MurphLab ) ; Music Ariel ( Moby )
Explanation : Each panel shows one day . With 360 movie panels , the sky over ( almost ) an entire year is shown in time lapse format as recorded by a video camera on the roof of the Exploratorium museum in San Francisco , California . The camera recorded an image every 10 seconds from before sunrise to after sunset and from mid-2009 to mid-2010 . A time stamp showing the local time of day is provided on the lower right . The videos are arranged chronologically , with July 28 shown on the upper left , and January 1 located about about halfway down . Although every day lasts 24 hours , daylight lasts longest in the northern hemisphere in June and the surrounding summer months , a fact which can be seen here as the bottom ( and soon top ) videos are the first to light up with dawn . The initial darkness in the middle depicts the delayed dawn and fewer daylight hours of winter . In the videos , darkness indicates night , blue depicts clear day , while gray portrays pervasive daytime cloud cover . Many videos show complex patterns of clouds moving across the camera 's wide field as that day progresses . As the videos collectively end , sunset and then darkness descend first on the winter days just above the middle , and last on the mid-summer near the bottom .
There is no stop for the ‘ crypto 3.0 ' hype . Raiblocks popularity grows among traders and investors as its technology looks promising and exchanges continue adding the coin to their platform .
Upon the massive gold-rush that IOTA experienced as a parallel cryptocurrency with Raiblocks in the medium of digital coins , that are known for being – fast , feeless and minerless .
Source : coinmarketcap [ weekly price development ]
Since our last Raiblocks [ XRB price and technology related post , two days ago ] – when it was trading above $ 6.00 , the XRB price has increased 73.3 percent , topping the major $ 10.00 for the first time with a market cap over $ 1.3 billion taking Raiblocks 6 positions higher by market cap .
The per/moment drops are to be appreciated throughout the very bullish trend because of this over-extension in price and it 's a right time of selling-out for many investors who want to profit from the increase in price , while the FOMO [ fear of missing out ] factor is stepping up and many more investors and traders are looking to catch the train . In case of a pull-back , supports around $ 8.50 will most likely balance the bulls and bears so feel at ease if you entered the market before that .
Upon a voting poll Raiblocks was chosen as the winner to be added on The Kucoin Exchange [ Chinese exchange – very similar to Binance ] .
ReTweet To Vote Rules : Step 1 : Follow @ kucoincom on Twitter
Step 2 : Retweet this post for # RaiBlocks to be listed next week .
Step 3 : Tell everyone to do the same and get your coin listed ! Voting ends 25 December . @ raiblocks pic.twitter.com/5SzFQ9MNN2 — KUCOIN ( @ kucoincom ) December 22 , 2017
According to a reddit post and going with the wave of KuCoin the latest development , Raiblocks is being voted to be added in Cobinhood which would make USD/XRB and EUR/XRB available as trading pairs .
Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday 's Breitbart News Daily that the trillion-dollar continuing resolution 's increase in military spending is “ important , ” and the increase in border security spending sends an “ important signal of where the administration seeks to go , ” but both are “ fairly modest down payments ” on President Trump 's agenda .
Gaffney said it was important to remember that “ a vastly larger bill is coming due because of the huge damage that was done in both departments by the previous administration . ”
“ I really considered it a wrecking , and Donald Trump has got to pick up the pieces , ” he said . “ He 's making the right noises about that , and I think these are important , if modest , first steps in the right direction . ”
“ As to whether they offset the other problems you 've been describing , Alex , is a matter of taste and political judgment – especially a judgment as to whether , come September , things are going to be different , ” he added . “ I 'm given to thinking that in Washington , we 're often told that a couple of months from now , we 're going to be stronger and better-looking and smarter and richer and able to leap tall buildings , where we just ca n't do it right now . It rarely turns out to be the case that any of those things eventuate , so I 'm a little skeptical on that score . ”
Marlow observed that justifications for the big-spending budget resolution from congressional Republicans and the White House amount to saying that Democrats drove a very hard bargain , using the filibuster and threats of a resulting government shutdown as leverage .
“ As long as the Senate requires 60 votes to move legislation , Alex – and this is something the president has tweeted about yesterday , and others , including a good friend of mine , Congressman Trent Franks of Arizona , have been warning about – this is going to be the vehicle that the Democrats will use , ” Gaffney agreed . “ Yes , they do drive hard bargains , but they also are very disciplined . They are unrelenting , and they 're playing to their base to a far greater degree , I think , than Republicans are doing – or at least President Trump is at the moment . ”
“ As one of the principal conduits to that base , I think it 's important that you be doing what you 're doing . As our friend Steve Bannon said at CPAC a few months back : to hold the administration accountable when it does deviate from some of its promises in the interest of accommodating what some are calling ‘ President Schumer , ' I 'm sorry to say , ” Gaffney added , referring to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) .
Marlow turned to national security matters , reporting that the United States has issued a new terror alert for Americans traveling to Europe during the summer .
“ It 's obviously an ominous sign of things to come , ” Gaffney said . “ We 're witnessing the underlying situation degrade . It 's not just the symptoms of increased jihadism or the threat of an attack here or there , tourists being particularly targeted . It is that in societies throughout Europe now – most especially Western Europe , where predominantly because of the vast numbers of unassimilable migrants that have been brought in , most of them from parts of the Muslim world – you now have both the violent kind of jihad , but even more worrying , the infrastructure that enables that violent jihad . And that is the complexes of mosques and Islamic societies and cultural centers and various front groups and no-go zones – yes , there are effectively no-go zones , enclaves that have become so dominated by these sharia supremacists that the authorities fear to censor them , let alone to enforce the laws of the nation upon them . ”
“ These are the things that I think are going to cause greater and greater dangers , both to Europeans and to those of us who love being able to be in those countries . And in due course – this is really the key point – in due course , this is the same trajectory , for want of a better term , sharia supremacists have in mind for this country as well . We 're not as far down the tubes as the Europeans are . The numbers of Muslims are not as bad . But that 's the same endpoint they have in mind for us as well , ” he warned .
Marlow asked for Gaffney 's take on President Trump 's saying he would be willing to meet with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un under the right circumstances .
Gaffney said he personally found it a “ dubious idea ” because he fears the president has “ become absorbed , shall we say , with what is always a temptation in the Oval Office , and that is to think that by virtue of your personal charm and your ability to relate directly – most recently in the person of his newfound friend , the president of China , Xi Jinping – that somehow you 'll be able to sort of overcome the past history , but more to the point , the national interests of hostile nations , as they 're perceived by their leadership . ”
“ I think that Kim Jong-un is unlikely to be moved by Donald Trump 's personal persuasion in the setting of a summit . More to the point , I 'm very , very uncomfortable with the kind of legitimacy that that would confer on one of the most heinous dictators , ” he said .
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern .
There are many things wrong with the bloated , expensive American health care system . I would like to complain about one small part of it : the prices . It 's not just that the prices are high . It 's that ... where the hell is the prices ?
Let 's say you want to buy a car , or a house , or a diamond ring . You can visit a car lot , or a realtor , or a jewelry store . There , you will find an array of the products that you wish to buy , all with their various attributes and prices prominently displayed . If you 're lazy , you do n't even need to leave your house—you can look up the attributes and prices of all of these items online . Any of the countless websites that sells these items will tell you exactly how much they cost . You can comparison shop . You can find yourself the cheapest item , or the most luxurious item , or the item that you think strikes the best balance of cost and quality . You , the consumer , are empowered .
A car , a house , and a diamond ring all qualify as major purchases . We take it for granted that information about them is readily available before we buy them . After all , who would spend thousands of dollars without knowing a lot about the product ? And who would commit to making a major purchase without even knowing the price ?
You would , if you are a typical American who finds yourself in sudden need of some health care . If you fall down and hurt your arm , or are stricken with a terrible rash , or get food poisoning from warm sushi , you may immediately take yourself to the nearest doctor 's office or emergency room . There , a doctor will render some health care unto you . They may order various tests . They may prescribe various medications . They may refer you to various specialists for various follow-up visits . They may tell you that you need surgery , and schedule a date for you , and slice you up as necessary .
All of these things are major purchases . And it is extremely unlikely that you know what they cost .
I am not recommending that anyone opt out of necessary medical procedures because of a lack of price transparency . I am simply asking : Why is there such a lack of price transparency in health care ? Where are the prices ? Look up a doctor online . Do you see a price list ? No , you do not . Can you comparison shop for non-emergency medical procedures quickly and easily ? No , you can not . Are you , the consumer , in any way empowered to make an intelligent purchasing decision by the amount of knowledge that you are given by the medical establishment ? No , you are not .
Why not ? ( `` Because of the Byzantine , illogical , and consumer-unfriendly nature of the private health insurance industry '' is not an answer to this question . It is a description of part of the problem . )
What is so fucking hard about telling people how much a service costs ? I am not asking here for a wholesale reform of our health care system into a national single-payer system like the rest of the civilized world has . ( I will ask for that elsewhere , but not here . ) I am simply asking doctors and hospitals and insurance companies to tell us how much shit costs . Yes , it is possible to get a cash price from a doctor , if you tell them you do n't have insurance and that you need to pay cash . Yes , it is possible to get some sort of estimate from your insurance company , if you have infinite patience . Yes , it is possible to haggle and challenge certain medical billings after the fact , if you have a pugnacious determination and a tolerance for being on hold . All of these things are possible . But they are not easy . And for normal people , who have no medical expertise nor insurance expertise nor well-researched basis for knowing how much these things should cost , the very very least we can ask for , in a minimally fair system , is that we be told very clearly how much things do cost .
I am an average moron . I know nothing of the intricacies of medical care . A while back , I had to get shoulder surgery . I dutifully went to one doctor , then another , and another , and then followed his recommendations to get an MRI , and a physical , and who knows what else , and eventually surgery . I paid my deductible up front at the hospital . The surgery was fine . A couple of weeks later , I got a bill from the hospital . Then another , from an anesthesiologist . Then another , from the MRI place , and another , from another place . And here , crucially , is my point : I had no idea whether these bills were justified . I did n't even have any idea I was going to get these bills at all . When I got the services in question , I filled out the forms , gave them my insurance information , and that was it . Some weeks later , I received an inscrutable bill for hundreds of dollars for that service . Was that the right price ? Was that how much these things cost ? I had no idea . They did n't tell me . They did n't tell me anything . And I did n't know anything . In that situation , you can guess who got paid . ( Not me . )
I am proposing this radical solution : prices . Available prices on health care . I propose that you should be able to know how much shit costs before you buy it . I propose that doctors post price lists for common ailments and procedures on their websites . I propose that doctors and hospitals tell you how much a surgery might cost you before you get the surgery . I propose that if we ca n't fix our fucking outrageously expensive and inefficient health care system itself , we at least make it transparent enough that people do not tremble in fear and ignorance when opening doctor 's bills . I propose that if we ca n't have a decent system of public health care—if we are foolish enough to leave something as important as health care in the hands of the free market—then we must empower consumers to at least be able to comparison shop . The health care and insurance industries insist on defending their status as just another business ? Fine . Act like a business . Price transparency is one of the things that makes the free market free . The average consumer is already at a natural disadvantage when it comes to bargaining for goods and services against the experts who actually work in an industry . One of the few tools that average consumers have at their disposal is the ability to say , `` Well , that thing costs less across town . '' When average people who are not experts in the field are unable to get easy access to prices , we have set up a rigged game .
The average person is not an expert at ferreting out and haggling over health care prices . It is unfair to expect them to be . The onus for clear prices on health care should fall on the providers , and the insurance companies . Get together and work that shit out . Do this one little thing to protect the morons like me . We 're already sick . We 're about to be broke . At least let us know how broke we 're going to be in advance .
[ Illustration by Jim Cooke ]
It 's probably asking too much of a young man thrust into leadership of his nation by his father 's death , but North Korea 's Kim Jong-un has an opportunity to break with tradition and do what 's best for his people .
And that would be putting the need to feed North Korea 's masses above the need to rattle North Korea 's saber by launching a new rocket .
Of course it 's quite possible that to launch or not to launch is not even a decision Kim can make . It has only been 100 days since his father , Kim Jong Il , died , so 28-year-old Kim 's aunt and uncle and cadre of military leaders may be calling more of the shots than he is .
Still , North Korea and the United States reached an understanding under which the United States would provide desperately needed food in exchange for North Korea 's curtailment of its nuclear ambitions . And while North Korea says the rocket it 's planning to fire will be a scientific test of its peaceful satellite launching capabilities , the United States , South Korea and Japan see it as a test of a potential intercontinental ballistic missile .
While attending a meeting of 60 world leaders in Seoul , South Korea , to discuss ways of keeping nuclear material out of the hands of terrorists , President Barack Obama appealed to North Korean leaders to “ have the courage ” to curtail their nuclear weapons programs . He also appealed to China to use its influence over North Korea in guiding that nation on a path that is in the best interest of North Koreans and regional peace .
Breaking a pattern
Then he made it clear that the United State is no longer willing to reward North Korea for its bad behavior and duplicity . “ There 's been a pattern for decades in which North Korea thought that if they acted provocatively , they would be bribed into ceasing and desisting , ” Obama said . “ We 're going to break that habit . ”
North Korea announced its plan to launch its new rocket shortly after Washington thought it had a breakthrough deal with Pyongyang that traded food aid for a nuclear freeze .
An unidentified North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman responded to Obama 's appeal by saying the U.S. president was operating from a “ wrong conception. ” North Korea , the spokesman said in the statement carried by the North 's official Korean Central News Agency , “ consistently maintained that a moratorium on long-range missile launches does not include satellite launches for peaceful purposes . ”
And so it appears that Kim — or whoever is running North Korea — intends to fire its rocket about two weeks from now as a tribute to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the regime and Kim Jong-un 's grandfather .
And in so doing he will usher in a few more years , or perhaps a few more decades , of starvation for people trapped in what is likely the modern world 's most isolated and vainglorious monarchy .
Late last night , UFC veteran and MMA legend , Renzo Gracie sent out a bunch of twitter updates detailing his night as he 'dealt ' with 2 alleged muggers at the streets of New York City . According to the 6th degree BJJ Black Belt , 2 men started following him for a few blocks at roughly around 3 a.m . ET , and things did n't end up well for them .
In a nutshell , Gracie eventually decided to take out both guys , while live tweeting about it at the same time .
I 'm not sure what 's more interesting , that two guys decided to target a lifelong martial artist , or Renzo taking them out while simultaneously tweeting about it . Check out how everything unfolded according to his Twitter feed :
22nd street and 10th ave right now two guys following me , ca n't help but have a big smile upon my face Im talking about a happy one ; - ) ) ) )
Waiting for them ... Are they really thinking I 'm drunk ? ? ? They have to be kidding . Hahahaha
25th and 10ave ; - ) they are getting closer lol ; - )
I just stop to take a pic , they pretend they are looking at the window , ca n't lie ... My blood runs in a different speed , man I miss Brazil
JiuJitsu ; - ) ) ) never leave home without it ; - ) pic.twitter.com/bBJtLtVb
Please hold there for just a couple minutes ; - ) be right back
They are coming closer , asking for a cigaret ; - ) lol ca n't help but have a smile in my face . I do n't smoke . Pretend to wobble . They smile
Renzo stops tweeting for about 20 minutes , and that 's apparently when things started to escalate . Read everything after the jump .
My hands hurt ... Ca n't help but look at him the other one took off running , not much of a friend . Chicken : -/ I can still see him , he looks Back as he runs , no chance to catch him ... Even though I began to try to run after him , I realize How slow I was . Fuck it : -///
This one asks me why did I do that , pretending to be stupid , one little kick to the ribs makes him whine and apologize , as I 'm writing this .
I ask him if he was planing to rob me , he says no . All he wanted was a cigarette , lol I ca n't help but have a big smile upon my face , and .. The certainty that if it was an ordinary man he would be sad about his stolen goods . Fucking cunt cries like a bitch when the tide turns ..
I ca n't help but take a pic as his nose bleeds and he wines and asks why did I do that ... Like he does n't know the reason ...
My fucking hands hurt , hurt like hell ...
Drove around two blocks ... The other fellow disappears , I 'm heading home ... Angry for not finding the second one . Guess no sleeping tonight .
I knew it ; - ) yessss
About 30 minutes later , Renzo apparently found the 2nd guy :
There is basic things like you do n't come back to where the problem was .. You just do n't , I knew he would , just going around the block would Be enough ... Dumb f % # ^ I just gave him the old style Raccoon , it has been a while since the last time I did .. Choke him out 3 times ...
And before he woke up I did hit each eye socket at least twice , tomorrow he will wake up like a raccoon , and every time he woke up I was ... Whispering at his ears .. That 's what death feels like it .. Do n't do that again . My fucking hand hurts , : -/ a lot
Next time I will use only the elbows , damn I miss that feeling , sometimes I wonder if the easy life has been making me Soft .. All those years in Brazil , without knowing if I would make it home had to count for something , I ca n't lie I could have jump in a cab But I could not help , I could spot them from a mile away , walking was my option , thank you mayor Giuliani , nobody carries a gun in our ... Beautiful state , my lucky day , their bad day ... My hand hurts and @ FrankieEdgar is here at 9:30am for some training , shoot damn little guy
Last January 30 , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz disclosed a secret Israeli government database on settlements in the occupied West Bank , and posted the Hebrew text ( pdf ) of the database on their website . Last month , the ODNI Open Source Center completed an English translation of the 200-page document . Secrecy News obtained a copy of the translation ( pdf ) which we are publishing today .
The database provides a concise description of each of the dozens of settlements , including their location , legal status , population , and even the origins of their names , which are often Biblically-inspired . Crucially , the database makes clear that unauthorized and illegal construction activity has taken place in most of the settlements .
“ An analysis of the data reveals that , in the vast majority of the settlements – about 75 percent – construction , sometimes on a large scale , has been carried out without the appropriate permits or contrary to the permits that were issued , ” according to the Haaretz account . “ The database also shows that , in more than 30 settlements , extensive construction of buildings and infrastructure ( roads , schools , synagogues , yeshivas and even police stations ) has been carried out on private lands belonging to Palestinian West Bank residents . ”
A copy of the database had been requested by Israeli citizens groups under that country 's freedom of information law , but release was denied by the Defense Ministry . Haaretz obtained a copy independently and , notwithstanding Israel 's military censorship apparatus , proceeded to publish it . See “ Secret Israeli Database Reveals Full Extent of Illegal Settlement ” by Uri Blau , Haaretz , February 1 , 2009 .
The English translation of the settlement database prepared by the ODNI Open Source Center is now available here . A copy of the Hebrew original is here .
The Supreme Court will have to decide whether to take the case during a presidential election . Health suit might head to SCOTUS
The Obama administration chose not to ask the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals to re-hear a pivotal health reform case Monday , signaling that it 's going to ask the Supreme Court to decide whether President Barack Obama 's health reform law is constitutional .
The move puts the Supreme Court in the difficult position of having to decide whether to take the highly politically charged case in the middle of the presidential election .
Story Continued Below
The Justice Department is expected to ask the court to overturn an August decision by a panel of three judges in the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals that found the law 's requirement to buy insurance is unconstitutional . The suit was brought by 26 states , the National Federation of Independent Business , and several individuals .
Since the ruling , the Justice Department had until Monday to ask the entire 11th Circuit to review the case . Administration lawyers did n't file the paperwork by the 5 p.m. deadline , so the ruling would stand unless the Justice Department asks the Supreme Court to step in .
The petition is n't due until November , and the administration could get an extension .
Opponents of the law had expected the government to ask for the so-called en banc hearing to delay a ruling by the Supreme Court .
“ The president and solicitor general deserve full credit for refusing to employ delaying tactics in this pressing constitutional controversy , ” said Randy E. Barnett , a Georgetown Law professor who is working with the plaintiffs .
But former acting Solicitor General Walter Dellinger , who has worked on briefs in support of the legislation , said the move should be read as a sign of confidence from the administration .
“ This confirms what I had already concluded : That the government is confident that it 's going to prevail in the Supreme Court and would like to have a decision sooner rather than later , ” Dellinger told POLITICO .
The issue of the constitutionality of the individual mandate has been widely expected to be decided by the Supreme Court . The key question has been the timing . The Justice Department 's apparent decision to ask the Supreme Court to review the case greatly increases the chances the issue will be heard in the 2011-12 term , which begins Monday .
The Supreme Court now has several strong reasons to accept the case . The court rarely declines requests from the government to take a case , especially in situations in which a circuit court has struck down a piece of a high-profile law .
There is also a split between the appeals courts . The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals has upheld the mandate , the 11th Circuit has ruled it unconstitutional , and the 4th Circuit has ruled that a tax law prevents it from issuing a decision on the mandate until at least 2014 .
“ The odds are pretty significant the court will take the case now , ” said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , which has filed briefs in support of the law .
But a Supreme Court ruling in the middle of a presidential election could carry serious political risks , since a decision upholding or striking the mandate has the potential to galvanize either Republicans or Democrats .
If the court accepts the case before January , it is likely to be put on the calendar to be heard in the spring . A decision would likely be postponed until June .
The 26 states and the NFIB have said they would work quickly to file briefing papers to ensure the case can move quickly .
The Justice Department did not explain its decision , but there were strong reasons for it not to pursue the en banc hearing .
There are only five judges appointed by Democrats on the 11-judge circuit , and one them has already ruled to strike down the mandate . So far , many judges have ruled along the party lines of the president who nominated him or her . So it 's unlikely the government would have gotten a better response out of the full panel .
It 's also possible that the 11th Circuit would n't have agreed to re-hear the case .
This article first appeared on POLITICO Pro at 5:34 p.m. on September 26 , 2011 .
Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that Russia had moved heavy artillery into position outside Aleppo in northern Syria , raising new concerns that a partial cease-fire will come undone .
Russia 's military buildup , described by Mr. Kerry in a meeting with The New York Times editorial board , came on the same day that talks in Geneva aimed at finding a political resolution to the years of civil war began to break down .
After the main opposition coalition walked out , Staffan de Mistura , the United Nations special envoy for Syria , said the fragile truce was “ in great trouble if we do n't act quickly . ”
Mr. Kerry , who was in New York attending the signing of the Paris agreement on climate change , said that he was generally encouraged by Russia 's participation in the diplomatic effort . But he said he was not certain if Russia 's president , Vladimir V. Putin was sincere in his stated aims for the buildup : combating terrorism .
High Court rules against street preachers
Updated
Sorry , this video has expired Video : High Court rules against street preachers ( 7pm TV News SA )
The High Court has overturned the right of two brothers to preach without a permit in Rundle Mall in Adelaide .
Samuel and Caleb Corneloup from the Street Church had fought an Adelaide by-law which prohibited preaching , canvassing or haranguing on any road without a permit .
The brothers won an case in the South Australian Supreme Court , which found the law was at odds with the implied constitutional freedom of political communication .
The South Australian Government was joined by the Commonwealth and several states in challenging the ruling in the High Court .
They argued the Full Court erred in holding that the words preach , canvas and harangue in the by-law were inconsistent with the implied constitutional freedom of political communication .
They also said the court erred in assessing the validity of the by-law , by taking into account the possibility council officers administering the permit system may not sufficiently consider the implied freedom when considering whether to grant a permit .
It 's obviously disappointing to hear the judges deny freedom of political communication Samuel Corneloup
The High Court ruled the by-law was constitutional and the council did have the power to make by-laws for the governance of its area and the convenience , comfort and safety of its inhabitants .
It also found that while the by-law effectively burdened political communication , it did not infringe the implied constitutional freedom .
Wo n't be silent
Samuel Corneloup expressed his disappointment about the High Court judgment .
`` It 's obviously disappointing to hear the judges deny freedom of political communication , '' he said .
`` I think it will have ramifications . At the same time , as far as we go , we do have the opportunity to preach and we 're going to continue to do so , so we 're happy . ''
Adelaide Lord Mayor Stephen Yarwood said he was pleased with the court result .
`` We need to take a good look at the High Court outcome and actually speak to the administration and make sure that we 've got our head around this and that we 're going to do the right thing going forward , '' he said .
`` We certainly would like to work with the preachers to minimise the impacts on all city users , but also not curtail freedom of speech . ''
Council CEO Pete Smith said the council wanted to ensure the safety , enjoyment and comfort of shoppers and traders .
`` From a council perspective , this case was purely about the legality of our by-laws , not about preaching per se , '' he said .
`` Everyone has the right to free speech , and we are fully supportive of that . We just want to make sure that they exercise that right in a respectful way . ''
Anna Brown from the Human Rights Law Centre said the High Court had missed a chance to strengthen free speech in Australia .
`` It 's not to say that free speech is always a trump card but you need to get the balance right and we do n't think the council or the High Court in this case has given enough consideration to freedom of expression or the way that laws should or should not impinge upon freedom of expression , '' she said .
SA Attorney-General John Rau said the cost of the High Court action was still being determined .
`` We were put in the awkward position where these people were unrepresented and it was necessary for , in effect , for the state to make it possible for the High Court to even hear this case , '' he said .
`` I have n't yet got a settled final bill but when I do I 'm happy to make that public . ''
Read the judgment here
Topics : courts-and-trials , law-crime-and-justice , religion-and-beliefs , community-and-society , adelaide-5000 , australia , sa
First posted
On Tuesday , November 12 , legislators will debate Pennsylvania State Representative Seth Grove 's ( R ) bill that would block cities and local governments in PA from implementing paid sick days bills and other forms of paid leave ( domestic violence and domestic partnership leaves , for example ) that are n't already guaranteed at the state level .
As paid sick days legislation moves forward in other states and cities throughout the nation , Pennsylvania 's Tea Party Republicans are busy pretending that they actually care about small government ( last I checked , preempting municipal legislation on the state level is not exactly something out of the local control playbook . )
Grove 's bill and those like them have been fueled by the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) , a coalition of big business interests and conservative legislators who handed out model legislation at a national meeting in 2011 . And this is not the first time Rep. Grove has introduced model ALEC legislation .
If you 're outraged about this ( and you should be ) consider signing this petition . Better yet , give your state rep a call and tell him or her to oppose HB 1807 , and focus on helping families and the economy instead of working to destroying both .
( See ThinkProgress 's piece on the bill for more info . )
Crossposted at http : //www.justactionllc.com .
Baltimore , Maryland – A federal grand jury indicted five defendants on charges arising from a scheme whereby physicians and administrative personnel associated with a Maryland pain management practice agreed to refer urine specimens to a testing lab for evaluation in return for $ 1.37 million in kickbacks :
Sandeep Sherlekar , age 51 , of Germantown , Maryland ,
Atif Babar Malik , age 46 , of Germantown ,
Muhammad Ahmad Khan , age 43 , of Pakistan ,
Mubtagha Shah Syed , age 49 , of Jersey City , New Jersey , and
Konstantin Bas , age 40 , of Brooklyn , New York .
The indictment also charges Sherlekar , Malik and Khan with conspiring to defraud the IRS , and Sherlekar and Malik are further charged with health care fraud and making false statements on patient medical records . The indictment was returned on June 28 , 2016 and unsealed today .
The indictment was announced by United States Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein ; Special Agent in Charge Kevin Perkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Baltimore Field Office ; and Special Agent in Charge Nicholas DiGiulio , Office of Investigations , Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services ; Special Agent in Charge Thomas Jankowski of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation , Washington , D.C. Field Office ; Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal Investigative Service - Mid-Atlantic Field Office ; and Special Agent in Charge Scott Rezendes of the Office of Personnel Management – Office of Inspector General .
Sherlekar and Malik were physicians trained in pain management and Sherlekar was also trained in anesthesiology . The two merged their Maryland pain management practices in February 2009 to create Advanced Pain Management Services , LLC ( APMS ) , first in Frederick , Maryland , and expanding to multiple offices in Maryland . Starting in August 2010 , APMS began doing business under the name of American Spine Center , LLC ( APMS/ASC ) and the APMS entity was thereafter used in submitting bills for medical services . Khan was the CEO of APMS/ASC and co-conspirator Vic Wadwha was its CFO .
Bas was the owner and CEO of a medical testing laboratory principally located in Linden , New Jersey . Syed was a marketing agent who solicited medical practices to submit blood and urine specimens to the medical laboratory for testing . Bas also owned a company which provided pharmaceuticals and medications ; and a third company which provided medical and surgical supplies , including orthotic devices .
Kickback Scheme
APMS/ASC required patients who were prescribed pain relief medications to submit urine samples for testing in order to monitor the levels of pain medication or other narcotics in their bodies . From spring 2011 to August 2012 , APMS/ASC typically generated approximately 700 to 1,000 urine samples each month which were sent to an outside lab for testing .
According to the 36 count indictment , starting in February 2011 , Bas agreed to pay kickbacks to the principals of APMS/ASC in return for the referral of APMS/ASC patients to his companies for the testing of urine samples , for back braces , and for pain creams . Syed is charged with facilitating the referrals-for-kickbacks arrangement , and receiving 5 % of the proceeds of the agreement .
From the time the kickback payments commenced in June 2011 until the end of the scheme in August 2012 , Bas caused his companies to pay kickbacks totaling approximately $ 1.37 million to Sherlekar , Malik , Khan and Wadhwa . Out of the total amount of the kickback payments , the indictment charges that Sherlekar and Malik received approximately $ 244,000 each , Khan received approximately $ 400,000 , and the balance of the kickback payments were retained by Wadhwa .
All five defendants face a maximum sentence of five years in prison for conspiring to violate the Anti-Kickback Act . Sherlekar and Malik also face five years in prison on each of 12 counts of soliciting and receipt of unlawful remuneration in violation of the Anti-Kickback Act .
Defrauding the IRS
The indictment charges that from January 2009 to the end of 2013 Sherlekar , Malik and Khan conspired to defraud the IRS by not reporting as income cash payments received by APMS/ASC , and by filing false corporate tax returns that overstated the practice 's expenses and understated its revenues .
Specifically , the indictment charges that Sherlekar , Malik , Khan and Wadhwa caused cash payments received from patients to be collected without being recorded in the APMS/ASC accounting records , and provided fraudulent accounting records to an accountant to use in preparing inaccurate tax returns for APMS and its related entities . The indictment further charges that Sherlekar and Malik caused Wadhwa : to collect and distribute unrecorded cash payments ; and to purchase luxury items such as expensive jewelry on their behalf , including an engagement ring and a watch purchased for Malik 's benefit in October 2010 , with over $ 10,000 in cash skimmed from the business receipts of APMS . Sherlekar , Malik , Khan and Wadhwa also caused their accountant to falsely inflate corporate expenses , to shift revenue between different APMS-related entities , and to file false individual income tax returns on behalf of both Sherlekar and Malik .
Sherlekar , Malik and Khan face a maximum sentence of five years in prison for conspiring to defraud the IRS .
Health Care Fraud
APMS/ASC provided diagnostic or therapeutic nerve blocks and injections and other surgical procedures related to spinal conditions , which may be provided in conjunction with anesthesia services . If two providers are present during a surgical procedure , and one performs the surgical procedure and the other administers the anesthesia , then the anesthesiologist may separately bill for the anesthesia service . However , if a surgeon or anesthesiologist is alone in the procedure room and administers the anesthesia service while also performing the surgical procedure , then the anesthesia service may not be billed separately , but instead is included within the fee for the surgical procedure .
The indictment charges that from January 2010 to the summer of 2012 , only one physician at APMS/ASC performed both the spinal injection and administered the anesthesia . On certain specified occasions , Sherlekar caused separate bills to be submitted for the surgical and anesthesia procedures as if both a surgeon and an anesthesiologist had been present . For example , on one occasion in January 2012 , with Malik 's consent , Sherlekar caused patients ' medical records to reflect that Malik had also been present for the procedure when , in fact , he was in New Jersey at the time .
Sherlekar and Malik face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for health care fraud . Malik faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison for making false statements relating to health care matters .
No court appearance has been scheduled for the defendants .
An indictment is not a finding of guilt . An individual charged by indictment is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty at some later criminal proceedings .
Vic Wadhwa , age 39 , of Frederick , Maryland , previously pleaded guilty to his participation in the kickback scheme and awaits sentencing .
United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI , Department of Health and Human Services – OIG , IRS - Criminal Investigation , Defense Criminal Investigative Service and Office of Personnel Management – OIG for their work in the investigation . Mr. Rosenstein also thanked Assistant U.S . Attorneys Jefferson M. Gray and Sean Delaney , who are prosecuting the cases .
A British man has been arrested for his role in running one of the internet 's oldest file sharing websites .
The man - who started the FileSoup website in 2003 - was taken into custody last week after a raid on his home in Taunton , Somerset , and subsequently released on bail without charge .
FileSoup , which was started in 2003 , is well-known in the file sharing community but does not host illegal material itself . Instead , it operates forums where users share links to files which then allow them to download TV shows and movies from around the internet .
When contacted by the Guardian , the man verified that he had been arrested last Monday , but refused to comment further without consulting a lawyer .
However , in a posting on FileSoup itself , he detailed the situation - including how police seized a number from his home , including mobile phones , computers , hard drives and a video camera .
`` I was arrested and taken to the local police station , '' he wrote . `` On the way I asked and was told that it would take about a couple of hours . When I arrived , the booking-in charge was entered as suspicion of downloading copyrighted movies . ''
After what he claims were several hours in which he was refused contact with friends , family or a legal representative , he was eventually given a solicitor , interviewed by officers and released without charge . His bail conditions state that he must surrender to police in October .
Avon and Somerset police would not comment on the case when contacted by the Guardian on Tuesday evening .
Known online as `` Geeker '' , the man has run FileSoup since it started in 2003 . For several years it operated as a so-called `` tracker '' website - much like notorious Swedish file sharing site the Pirate Bay , whose backers were each sentenced to a year in prison and fined £600,000 by a court in Stockholm for copyright offences .
Since 2005 , however , FileSoup has not operated as a tracker - instead hosting forum pages where community members regularly post links to files that let them download copyrighted programmes and films .
However , with British law still unclear whether such sites are illegal - since they effectively act as search engines for online material , rather than hosting it - the site 's fans were left up in arms .
`` This is insane , '' said one commenter on the Torrentfreak website , which broke the news . `` I 'm saddened by this news , '' commented another .
Among the concerns was the news that the goods seized during the operation were no longer being held by police , but had instead been handed over to the Federation Against Copyright Theft ( Fact ) , an accredited private group that often assists law enforcement with inquiries in such cases .
A spokesman for Fact , which is funded by organisations such as BSkyB , Paramount and Sony Pictures , said it could not comment on an open investigation .
The federation largely concentrates its activities on shutting down the authors and sellers of pirate DVDs , but recently it has been intimately involved in a number of high-profile file sharing cases - not all of them successful .
Two years ago a 26-year-old man from Cheltenham was arrested for running a website called TV Links , which pointed users towards television shows online , some of which had been illegally copied . Although no charges were ever brought against the individual behind the site , it was closed down as a result .
Shortly after that incident , police raided the HQ of another file sharing website , a private music community called Oink . The site had become well-known for allowing users to access out of print material and pre-release versions of new music - and was even used by musicians including Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor , who told New York magazine that he `` frequented it quite often '' .
The site 's administrator , 25-year-old Alan Ellis , was taken into custody by Middlesbrough police and after further raids in May 2008 , four men eventually plead guilty to various copyright infringement offences . Three defendants were sentenced to community service , and all four fined between £360 and £500 .
The Panthers-Colts matchup on Monday night was billed as a clash between two of the top young quarterbacks in football : Cam Newton and Andrew Luck . What we got was sloppy , disappointing … and ultimately won by Newton . It was the NFL 's entire younger generation of NFL quarterbacks captured in one dreary game .
Colts ' comeback falls just short as Panthers stay unbeaten Read more
Countless articles have been written this season about how we as football fans must make sure to appreciate Peyton Manning while he is still playing , even in his diminished 2015 form . The elder Manning has regressed so far that his 0 TD , 1 INT performance in Sunday 's win over the Packers was supposedly a statement game . Just 12 months ago , any game in which Manning did n't throw at least three touchdowns was an aberration , and now his Sunday game is being called a return to form ? “ Peyton Manning of old shows up , and the Broncos stay undefeated ” read the headline in the New York Times . Ugh . Depressing .
But while we 're all trying to appreciate Manning ( while wincing and peering through our fingers ) , we might want to also carve out time to enjoy the other quarterbacks of his generation who are still playing at a high level . Because the future of the NFL 's most important position is looking worse than a Manning Face after a postseason interception .
Manning is 39 . His younger brother , Eli , is n't all that young any more at 34 . Tom Brady is 38 , Drew Brees 36 , Ben Roethlisberger 33 . Even Aaron Rodgers turns 32 next month .
Only one living starting quarterback possesses a Super Bowl ring and is under the age of 30 , Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson . We can – and likely will , unfortunately – continue to argue about whether Joe Flacco ( 31 in January ) is elite , but we can probably all agree that the generation that will replace the older QBs most definitely is not .
Peyton Manning hushes critics , but stout defense powers perfect Broncos Read more
While it 's easy to criticize Manning for his postseason failures – as I did just three paragraphs ago ! – if you look at his entire career as a performance under pressure , he 's as clutch as it comes . When Manning was drafted No1 overall in 1998 by the Colts out of Tennessee , Archie 's prize son was dubbed the future of the quarterback position in the NFL . And he delivered . Yes , there 's “ just ” the one Super Bowl title over a Rex Grossman-quarterbacked team , but there 's also pretty much every passing record .
The NFL desperately needed Manning to deliver , too . John Elway was about to play his last season and Dan Marino , Troy Aikman and Steve Young were all on the way out . The future of the NFL quarterback position in 1998 was a 29 year-old Brett Favre and … I do n't know … Drew Bledsoe ? Yikes .
Manning struggled in his rookie season , but in 1999 had a passer rating of 90.7 , good for fourth in the NFL , three spots behind Kurt Warner in his out-of-nowhere breakout season . Here was the entire top 10 that season :
1 . Warner
2 . Steve Beuerlein
3 . Jeff George
4 . Manning
5 . Brad Johnson
6 . Rich Gannon
7 . Ray Lucas
8 . Charlie Batch
9 . Gus Frerrote
10 . Chris Chandler
Sweet merciful god . That list is n't much better than the Browns QB jersey . No wonder Vince McMahon thought then that the time might be approaching to launch a competitor league to the NFL .
Manning bridged the gap between two eras and let fans know there was at least someone alive outside of Favre who could throw a football . Then Brady , Brees , Roethlisberger and Rodgers came along and all was right with the football world .
Twickenham to stage three American football games over next three years Read more
The league is in a similar place now as it was in the late ‘ 90s . The older generation of QBs is nearing the end of its run and the NFL would like to identify its future icons . The idea was that Andrew Luck would be one of them . Drafted No1 overall by the Colts and supposedly cerebral like his predecessor , it was hoped that Luck would be a more athletic Manning . Instead , he 's playing more like a less hygienic Jay Cutler . After throwing four interceptions in the playoffs last year , giving him 12 interceptions in six career playoff games , Luck is on pace this season to go 6-10 with 26 touchdowns , 24 interceptions and a 71.6 quarterback rating – and a large chunk of those touchdown passes have come in garbage time .
Luck is n't the next Peyton Manning . That 's OK . There will probably never be another Peyton Manning . But Luck might not even be , you know , to use a fancy scouting term : good .
So which young quarterbacks are ?
Cam Newton , age 26 , is undefeated and might be having his best season . Five years into his career , he looks to be a quarterback who can win games but is n't necessarily going to drop any jaws . Perhaps , with some more talent around him , his career will take the path or Roethlisberger , with the eye-popping stats coming later in his career . But as of now , Newton 's career-high for touchdown passes in a season is 24 . Manning beat that in his first seven games two years ago .
Russell Wilson , also age 26 , has that ring . But even with his new , huge contract and the addition of Jimmy Graham , he 's looking more like a skilled manager – both at game managing and brand managing – than a generational talent . Wilson still has n't won a game in his career when the Seattle defense gives up more than 24 points .
Andy Dalton is having a career year at age 28 . But he remains Andy Dalton until he stops being Andy Dalton . The NFL is n't focusing marketing efforts around the guy anytime soon . He needs to win a playoff game , and probably more , before he 's no longer Andy Dalton .
Is it bad if the future of the NFL quarterback position could be a Raiders quarterback ? I feel like that 's bad
Matt Stafford and Ryan Tannehill are n't next-level talents . RG3 and Colin Kaepernick went bust . Jameis Winston and Marcus Mariota are still too green for anyone to know what they can do . That leaves … Blake Bortles ? Derek Carr ? Huh , maybe it 's Derek Carr ? He 's exploded in his second NFL season at age 24 . But is it bad if the future of the NFL quarterback position could be a Raiders quarterback ? I feel like that 's bad .
What makes the struggles of the younger generation even more concerning is that , thanks to Manning and Brady , absolutely every rule in the NFL is written to help offenses – and quarterbacks specifically . And still we 're not seeing much . Imagine Andrew Luck playing under the rules that existed even 10 years ago . No turnover record would be safe . There 's not much help on the way either . I mean , teams are seriously considering drafting Penn State 's Christian Hackenberg in the first round . It might be time to re-launch the XFL , Vince .
This all is n't just to lament the younger generation of quarterbacks or say they suck . Newton is good , a team can obviously win with Wilson , and Luck still has plenty of time to turn it all around . It 's to make the case that , with most of the 30-something QBs still producing , that we 're in the later days of a golden age of NFL quarterbacks . Six future Hall of Famers are in action every Sunday . Enjoy it while we have it . It might not be long before talents akin to Brad Johnson and Trent Dilfer are winning Super Bowls again .
Of course , maybe Tom Brady really will play 10 more years as he recently said he hopes to . If that happens , everything will be just fine . Just please do n't suspend him , Mr Goodell .
{ snip }
We know America is what we make of it .
We are Lewis and Clark and Sacajawea – pioneers who braved the unfamiliar , followed by a stampede of farmers and miners , entrepreneurs and hucksters . That 's our spirit .
We are Sojourner Truth and Fannie Lou Hamer , women who could do as much as any man and then some ; and we 're Susan B. Anthony , who shook the system until the law reflected that truth . That 's our character .
We 're the immigrants who stowed away on ships to reach these shores , the huddled masses yearning to breathe free – Holocaust survivors , Soviet defectors , the Lost Boys of Sudan . We are the hopeful strivers who cross the Rio Grande because they want their kids to know a better life . That 's how we came to be .
We 're the slaves who built the White House and the economy of the South . We 're the ranch hands and cowboys who opened the West , and countless laborers who laid rail , and raised skyscrapers , and organized for workers ' rights .
We 're the fresh-faced GIs who fought to liberate a continent , and we 're the Tuskeegee Airmen , Navajo code-talkers , and Japanese-Americans who fought for this country even as their own liberty had been denied . We 're the firefighters who rushed into those buildings on 9/11 , and the volunteers who signed up to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq .
We are the gay Americans whose blood ran on the streets of San Francisco and New York , just as blood ran down this bridge .
We are storytellers , writers , poets , and artists who abhor unfairness , and despise hypocrisy , and give voice to the voiceless , and tell truths that need to be told .
We are the inventors of gospel and jazz and the blues , bluegrass and country , hip-hop and rock and roll , our very own sounds with all the sweet sorrow and reckless joy of freedom .
We are Jackie Robinson , enduring scorn and spiked cleats and pitches coming straight to his head , and stealing home in the World Series anyway .
We are the people Langston Hughes wrote of , who “ build our temples for tomorrow , strong as we know how . ”
We are the people Emerson wrote of , “ who for truth and honor 's sake stand fast and suffer long ; ” who are “ never tired , so long as we can see far enough . ”
That 's what America is .
{ snip }
Original Article
Share This
Buy Photo CSU wide receiver Xavier Williams ( 84 ) attempts to break away from tacklers Saturday at the spring football game at Hughes Stadium . ( Photo : Matt L. Stephens/The Coloradoan ) Buy Photo
Colorado State held its annual Green and Gold spring football game Saturday at Hughes Stadium .
Full offensive and defensive statistics from the game are below .
Passing Player Comp . Att . Yards TDs INTs Faton Bauta 16 29 203 3 1 Collin Hill 10 18 156 1 0 Nick Stevens 8 20 90 1 2 JC Robles 2 3 6 0 0 Rushing Player Att . Yards TD Long Avg . Dalyn Dawkins 23 147 0 34 6.4 Jonathan Lewis 20 85 0 25 4.3 J.C. Robles 2 23 0 15 11.5 Trey Smith 2 19 0 16 9.5 Izzy Matthews 1 4 0 4 4 Adam Prentice 1 2 0 2 2 Bisi Johnson 1 -4 0 0 -4 Collin Hill 6 -9 0 3 -1.5 Receiving Player Rec . Yards TD Long Avg . John Freismuth 5 147 1 75 29.4 Marcus Wilson 4 28 1 14 7 Dalyn Dawkins 3 40 0 20 13.3 Bisi Johnson 3 39 0 24 13 Danny Nwosu 3 30 1 20 10 Sammie Long 3 18 1 8 6 Izzy Matthews 3 9 0 5 3 Xavier Williams 2 37 0 21 18.5 Mitch Parsons 2 33 1 26 16.5 Dawit Woldu 2 23 0 15 11.5 Brenden Fulton 1 16 0 16 16 Nolan Peralta 1 11 0 11 11 Trey Smith 1 10 0 10 10 Adam Prentice 1 9 0 9 9 Elroy Masters 1 5 0 5 5 Cahi Kelleghan 1 0 0 0 0 Defense Player TotTk Solo Sack TFL INT Jake Schlager 10 5 0 0 0 Patrick Elsenbast 10 5 0 2 0 Tyree Simmons 9 7 0 0 1 A'Keitheon Whitner 7 5 0 1 0 Demontrie Taylor 7 5 0 1 1 Braylin Scott 7 5 0 0 0 Evan Colorito 7 4 1 2 0 Houston Haynes 5 1 0 0 0 Colton Foster 5 4 0 0 0 Max McDonald 4 2 1 1 0 Kevin Davis 4 3 0 0 1 Deshon Mayes 4 2 0 0 0 Bryan Ohene 3 3 0 1 0 Caleb Smith 3 1 0 0 0 Josh Watson 3 0 0 0 0 Adrian Robsinson 3 1 0 1 0 Johnny Schupp 3 3 0 0 0 Kiel Robinson 2 2 0 0 0 Pierre Copeland 2 0 0 0 0 Isaac Prudhomme 1 0 0 0 0 Kevin Nutt 1 1 0 0 0 Justin Sweet 1 1 0 0 0 O'Shea Jackson 1 0 0 0 0 Trent Sieg 1 0 0 0 0 Richard King 1 1 0 0 1 * Jordon Vaden 0 0 0 0 1 * Preston Hodges 0 0 0 0 1 * Jakob Buys 0 0 0 0 1 *
* —Pass breakup
The first Apple Store in Singapore looks set to open in November , according to a construction works plate on the site . The plate says that the anticipated completion date of the additions and alterations to the building is 31st October , suggesting that it is likely to open sometime the following month …
NordVPN
Reader Myles sent us a set of photos showing progress on the building on Orchard Road , seen in the gallery below .
Apple 's retail head Angela Ahrendts last year confirmed that the company would be opening its first Apple Store in Singapore , and the location was first revealed in an email from one of the building 's former tenants . Orchard Road is the main upscale retail location on the island .
We first saw photos of work commencing back in January , while the latest photos show significant work underway on the first to third floors .
Published : Wednesday , October 21 , 2015 @ 9:13 PM
Updated : Wednesday , October 21 , 2015 @ 9:13 PM
— A dispatcher made mistakes in handling a call that ended in the death of an intruder by a Dayton homeowner in September when he failed to follow procedure in forgetting to broadcast the call for service before the shooting , according to an administrative report prepared by the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office .
DeBrandon Jurrod Dickerson , 22 , of Detroit , was fatally shot about 4 a.m. Sept. 9 , an hour after the homeowner in the 200 block of Richmond Avenue called 911 to report someone was “ breaking into ” her house and “ banging ” on the back door .
Regional Dispatch Center dispatchers Joseph Oldham and Kelly Whiteman were subsequently accused of delaying the dispatching of officers .
According to the report , released Wednesday :
— The homeowner 's first call to 911 was at 3:04 a.m. Whiteman said she entered the call as a “ Priority 3 - Suspicious Person ” instead of the more urgent “ Priority 1 - Burglary In-Progress ” because the caller remained calm ; said she did not see anyone outside her house ; and that after staying on the line for three minutes the woman no longer heard anyone outside .
Also , the dispatcher told the woman to call 911 again if she heard anything more . Based on the information provided to the dispatcher , the call type was “ declared proper conduct , ” the review found .
— A second dispatcher , Joseph Oldham , said he reviewed the call and agreed the call was properly coded as a Priority 3 - Suspicious Person . However , he did not follow Dayton police dispatch procedure that requires a Dayton police supervisor to verbally acknowledge the call for service and the broadcast details . Oldham said his focus was on a situation involving a mental health call with an armed person .
“ The initial comments in the call were not dire ” and the Richmond Avenue call did not appear to be “ grave in nature , ” Oldham told investigators . He did not initially broadcast the call due to an oversight , he said .
“ I know it does not sound great , ” but once everything “ settled down ” he just “ forgot ” to broadcast the call for service . Oldham said if he felt the call was more urgent , he would have changed the call type and priority to find crews to respond , the report stated .
— At 4:07 a.m. , dispatchers received a second call from the Richmond Avenue homeowner , saying a male had broken into her house and that she shot him . According to the call , the woman did not think she hit him and the suspect fled . Crews who responded found Dickerson , dead , in the 300 block of Richmond Avenue .
— “ Oldham 's actions are inconsistent with sheriff 's office policy and therefore declared improper conduct , ” the report stated .
Less than a week after being sworn into office , San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi was charged Friday with domestic violence and two other misdemeanors in connection with a New Year 's Eve dust-up with his wife , a Venezuelan former telenovela star .
District Attorney George Gascon said prosecutors have also requested an emergency protective order prohibiting Mirkarimi from having contact with his wife and son while police investigate other possible incidents of domestic abuse .
If convicted , Mirkarimi — assuming he resists tremendous pressure to resign from office and end his political career — would be California 's only sheriff barred from carrying a gun .
Mirkarimi said late Friday that he intends to remain in office . “ The charges are very unfounded , ” he told reporters at City Hall . “ We will fight the charges . ”
His wife , Eliana Lopez , stood with him and told reporters : “ This is unbelievable . I do n't have any complaint against my husband . ”
Lopez had gone to a neighbor 's house after the New Year 's Eve incident with a bruised arm . Police said the neighbor reported the bruise was the result of Mirkarimi grabbing his wife during a heated argument .
Mirkarimi later called the episode “ a private matter , a family matter ” that had been blown out of proportion . But his statement angered some advocates for women and abuse victims , who say that domestic violence should not be dismissed as a “ private matter . ”
The neighbor 's videotape of the bruise as well as text messages between the neighbor and Lopez led Gascon to charge the 50-year-old Mirkarimi with domestic violence battery , child endangerment and dissuading a witness .
It was not immediately clear whether the witness was his wife or another person .
“ Whether this was the elected sheriff or any other San Francisco resident , this type of behavior is inexcusable , criminal and will be prosecuted , ” the district attorney said . He acknowledged that a case may be stronger when a victim is willing to testify , but Gascon also said it 's not uncommon to prosecute cases in which the alleged victim is reluctant or afraid to cooperate .
“ Regardless of whether the victim supports a prosecution , it is the state 's and my office 's obligation to ensure the safety of the victim , ” he added .
While the district attorney said an arrest warrant had been issued for Mirkarimi , the sheriff said he planned to turn himself in for fingerprinting . “ We are cooperating , ” he said .
Veteran San Francisco political consultant Dan Newman called the situation “ serious stuff made worse by being mishandled ” by Mirkarimi .
“ He 's warm bread on his way to being toast , ” Newman said .
The case has had San Francisco 's political establishment on the edge of its seat for more than week . Mirkarimi , a Green-turned-Democrat who had served as a San Francisco supervisor since 2005 , mustered the city 's progressive vote to beat out three other candidates for the sheriff job in November . He succeeded Michael Hennessey , who had become an institution by serving as sheriff since 1980 , even though the deputies ' union overwhelmingly supported a candidate from within the department 's own ranks .
State law provides for Mirkarimi 's involuntary removal from office only if convicted of a felony , not a misdemeanor .
Mayor Ed Lee has the authority to charge Mirkarimi with official misconduct and suspend him from office , according to John St. Croix , executive director of the city 's Ethics Commission . After possible hearings , the commission could make a recommendation to the board of supervisors about whether to reinstate him or permanently remove him from office .
In a statement issued late Friday , the mayor called the charges “ extremely serious and troubling ” and said he would “ review the facts and options available to me under the City Charter . ”
Staff writer Brandon Bailey and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The Democrats are convinced that Pres . Trump has an inappropriate connection with top Russian officials . Many are convinced that he worked with the Russians to hack the Democrat National Committee and John Podesta 's ( Hillary Clinton campaign chair ) emails . Some believe that associates in the Trump campaign were involved .
By contrast , Pres . Trump believes that Obama or someone in his administration ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower just before the 2016 election .
I 've spoken with liberals who vehemently believe that Trump will not be president by the end of the year because he will be impeached , removed and jailed . This abundance of caution seems to extend from illegal access to information absent context .
Much of the information we are discussing is supposed to be classified .
In June 2016 , the FBI attempted to get a FISA warrant to investigate potential connections between the Trump campaign and Russia . The FBI was concerned about Trump advisor named Carter Page 's trips to Moscow just one week before the DNC was hacked . Reportedly , the FISA court judge denied this request .
According to former colleagues he was a mid-tier banker at Merrill Lynch that did deals in London and Moscow . He has admitted to meeting with the Russian ambassador , Sergey Kislyak , during the election but will not reveal the content of the discussions .
Paul Manafort joined the Trump campaign as chairman in March 2016 . Page also joined as an informal advisor in March as well . Manafort replaced Corey Lewandowski as campaign manager in April 2016 . Just 45 days later , Page visited Russia ; One week later the DNC was hacked .
Could all this be a stunning coincidence ? Or , is the Democrats confidence of the looming Trump demise a result of illegal wiretapping and leaking of classified surveillance information for which they have yet to reveal ?
Multiple outlets report that intelligence officials sought to investigate suspected activity between a Trump Tower server and two banks : SVB Bank and Alfa Bank . Alpha is a Russian owned bank controlled by Western-oriented capitalists in Russia and is far-removed from the Kremlin in that country .
If you recall , Democrats tried to make the case that Trump had deep ties to Russian banks during the election season . One theory is that the Trump Tower server was communicating with multiple foreign officials , residents and institutions engaged in marketing and public relations to attract business for the Trump organization 's projects and hotels around the world .
I believe we trust the systems of our government and our people far too much . Collectively , we have become naïve to the cheating and political self interests of people , especially in the government . Most Americans believe that our government is , in some way , corrupt .
It 's likely that intelligence agencies found some connection between Paul Manafort ( perhaps Page as well ) and Russian government officials . My hunch is that this scandal is less likely to be like Watergate and more likely to be like Deflategate ( in relation to its effect on Trump ) .
In other words , no one believes Tom Brady instructed someone in the locker room to deflate the footballs . But most people believe he knew the balls had been deflated . For several months , I have believed Manafort in some way attempted to engage the Russians to help Trump .
If government surveillance was n't occurring against the Trump server , then where did we learn of the story of its communication with Alfa Bank ? How did the Democrats become aware of a confidential FBI investigation into connections between Trump campaign officials and Russia ? Finally , how are the American people aware of the conversations between both General Michael Flynn , then Senator Jeff Sessions and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak ?
The answer to these questions is simple : Surveillance and leaking as a coordinated effort to derail and diminish the election victory of Trump .
It is striking that FBI director , James Comey , begged the Justice Department to refute Trump 's wiretapping claims within 24 hours of the tweets . It is not possible for Comey to have conducted a thorough internal investigation and to have properly communicated with the intelligence community before jumping to the conclusion that Trump was lying .
Pres . Obama was caught on a hot microphone telling outgoing Russian Pres . Dmitry Medvedev that Vladimir should give him more “ space ” and that “ after my election I have more flexibility . ”
There is likely nothing more to this Trump-Russia controversy than a couple rogue campaign officials asserting privately the same promise as Obama did accidentally and publicly .
The real controversy is the fact that there is a coordinated effort inside the intelligence community and Justice Department to derail a democratically-elected , incoming president with information that is likely out of context , disseminated and obtained illegally .
There is not a shred of evidence that connects Trump to any improper communication with Russian officials .
There are several reports that the FISA court granted a warrant in October , 2016 allowing the intelligence community to wiretap “ any US person ” connected to the investigation of the Trump campaign ties with Russia . If this is true , we could infer that intelligence officials hid the scope of their true intent to wiretap Trump and misled the FISA-judge .
I do not believe that FBI Director Comey or U.S. Intelligence Director James Clapper would have absolutely known of the ongoing surveillance of Trump Tower . It 's possible that someone within those two organizations , acting on behalf of someone in the Obama White House , conflated a FISA order and conducted a rogue surveillance operation . It is also likely that those same people also engaged in espionage by leaking the classified details to the media that have fanned the flames of this controversy .
The intelligence-leaks have been solely for the purpose of harming Trump and attempting to derail his political capital .
This ‘ Russian-connection ' story appears to be full of conjecture and devoid of substance . If any of the latter exists , I 'm sure ( of all things ) it would have leaked by now .
Bryan Crabtree , a rising and influential young voice is the conservative media , is a contributor to Townhall.com , and host of The Bryan Crabtree Show heard live on Atlanta 's Biz 1190 .
Women may be a fast-growing segment of the gamer demographic , but their status on the development side remains underrepresented . According to a new salary survey conducted by UK gaming magazine Develop , women account for just 6 percent of developers working in the British Isles .
In a world where Peach is helpless to save herself…
Of the 582 respondents to the 2012 Develop Salary Survey , only 35 were women . Factoring in tangential professions such as publishing , marketing , and retail , 11 percent of the 1,000-person sample were women .
Develop 's salary survey found that female game developers in the UK earn on average £3,000 ( $ 4,681 ) less than their male counterparts , despite having more experience . Focusing on the design profession , where the majority of female developers fell , Develop found the median salary for women was £26,944 ( $ 42,053 ) .
By contrast , the median salary for men over a similar geographic and age demographic came in at £31,935 ( $ 49,843 ) . This , despite Develop 's findings that women surveyed had on average three-to-five years ' experience , as opposed to men 's two to three .
Develop also reported that not a single female surveyed reported earning more than £90,000 ( $ 140,442 ) , while 18 men said they did .
Incorporating both men and women , the average UK games industry salary came in at £34,457 ( $ 53,783 ) , up 7 percent year-over-year . This figure excludes executive-class earners , such as CEOs , creative directors , and studio heads . When those professions are factored in , the average rises to £37,407 ( $ 58,387 ) , according to Develop .
For comparison , Game Developer magazine reported last April that US industry professionals earned on average $ 81,000 in 2010 .
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall is to run for the Stoke Central seat that will be left vacant by the resignation of Tristram Hunt , it was claimed today
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall is to run for the Stoke Central seat that will be left vacant by the resignation of Tristram Hunt , it was claimed today .
Labour MP Tristram Hunt shocked Westminster last week by announcing he would quit the Commons to run the Victoria and Albert Museum .
Mr Nuttall has so far refused to rule out contesting the seat , in which Ukip finished second at the general election in 2015 .
ITV reported today the party leader - elected in November to replace Nigel Farage - had decided to fight for the place in Parliament when the by-election is held .
Party sources did not deny the claim but insisted candidates had until 5pm to throw their hat into the ring ahead of the official selection on Saturday .
Challenged on BBC Radio 4 Today programme about the by-election yesterday , Mr Nuttall said : 'You 'll have to invite me back in a couple of days . '
No date has yet been set for the Stoke by-election , which is expected to be a hotly contested battle over Brexit on a patch where nearly seven in ten voters backed Britain leaving the EU .
Mr Hunt remains the MP today because he has not yet completed the arcane process necessary to disqualify him from the Commons .
Labour sources have suggested the party will move for an early date for the by-election , suggesting the poll could come in early March .
Labour MP Tristram Hunt shocked Westminster last week by announcing he would quit the Commons to run the Victoria and Albert Museum .
The campaign is another headache for Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , who already faced a by-election battle in Copeland following the resignation of another of his MPs .
In his resignation letter Mr Hunt wrote that there were 'very few jobs ' which would have convinced him to stand down . He added : 'The post of director of the V & A – the world 's greatest museum of art , design and performance – is just that . '
Moving to the museum , in South Kensington , is likely to mean a significant pay rise from his current salary of £74,962 .
His predecessor , Martin Roth , was paid a salary of around £150,000 as part of a total package worth up to £230,000 .
WASHINGTON - The 2,000 water protectors who have gathered to oppose the pipeline 's construction were today met by the Morton County Sheriff Department , who removed people and their camping gear . In response , Greenpeace Executive Director Annie Leonard said :
“ Greenpeace stands in solidarity with and lends full support to the water protectors at Standing Rock , and we recognize the rights and sovereignty of the Standing Rock Sioux , accorded by the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868 . We call on President Obama to use his executive power to revoke the permits for construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline immediately . And we reject the actions of North Dakota law enforcement in favoring the interests of Energy Transfer Partners and the fossil fuel industry over the rights of this land 's inhabitants . We join in proclaiming the sacred power of water and the responsibility we have to protect it at all costs . And we urge our government to respect the sovereignty of the Standing Rock Sioux , whose constitutional right to peacefully protest has been unjustly met by a militarized police force .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
“ The Dakota Access Pipeline is a direct threat to the life , rights , and water of the Standing Rock Sioux . It is unconscionable that a militarized force was deployed to serve a massive pipeline to move dirty , fracked oil that would threaten our climate and the life-sustaining water of the Missouri River . And , despite law enforcement 's effort to jam video feeds coming out of the camps today , seeing those forces moving against Indigenous people will only galvanize the public rejection of the Dakota Access Pipeline and all it stands for .
“ The Dakota Access pipeline is a direct violation of the sovereign rights and culture of the Standing Rock Sioux , placing serious risk to the nation 's water supply , violating federal trust responsibilities guaranteed through treaties with the Dakota , Lakota , and Nakota tribes , and desecrating sacred burial , religious , and other historical sites . The fast-track process of approval disregarded key U.S. legislation , including the Clean Water Act , the National Environmental Policy Act , and the National Historic Preservation Act , and offered no proper Environmental Impact Statement or substantive tribal consultation . ”
# # #
SFX Form Factor : Designed for high performance small form factor systems .
80 PLUS Gold certified : High-efficiency operation for less excess heat and lower operating costs .
Fully modular cable set : Detachable DC cables make builds and upgrades easy , with clean , great-looking results .
100 % All Japanese 105°C capacitors : Premium internal components ensure solid power delivery and long term reliability .
Zero RPM Fan Mode : Virtually silent operation at low and medium loads .
Seven-year warranty : Your guarantee of reliable operation that will last across multiple system builds .
MSRP : SF600 $ 119.99 Exc . Tax - SF450 $ 89.99 Exc . Tax
Corsair , the most awarded and recommended PC power supply brand in the world , today announced the release of its first ever SFX form factor PSUs , the new Corsair SF600 and SF450 . Fully Modular , 80 Plus Gold Certified and built with 100 per cent Japanese capacitors , the SF series brings Corsair 's legendary PSU reputation to a new form factor , producing the SFX PSU to match PC enthusiast 's big ideas.First unveiled as part of Corsair 's upcoming Bulldog project , the new 600W SF600 and 450W SF450 are a no-compromise approach to SFX PSUs , bringing the high-end features of Corsair 's award winning PSUs to a new compact form factor . 80 plus Gold-certified efficiency with tight voltage regulation delivers ATX performance in an SFX form factor , with 100 % 105°C rated Japanese capacitors ensuring unwavering power and reliability.Fully modular to make builds and upgrades in even the smallest ITX cases easier , the SF600 and SF450 use a full-size 90mm cooling fan , the only consumer SFX PSUs to do so . The result is a PSU optimised not just for efficiency , but low-noise too , with Corsair 's Zero RPM Fan Mode only switching the fan on when the PSU is under load , providing virtually silent operation at low and medium loads , another first for SFX PSUs.Backed by Corsair 's comprehensive seven year warranty and world-wide customer support network , the SF600 and SF450 offer the peace of mind and reliability to last across multiple system builds or upgrades . If you have big ideas for your next small form factor system , the SF Series has the reliable power delivery and quiet , efficient operation you need.SpecificationsThe SF450 is available immediately worldwide from Corsair 's worldwide network of authorized retailers and distributors . The SF600 will be available shortly and is available immediately for pre-order.For more information , visit the product pages of the SF600 and SF450
Whether you love beauty or prefer a simplistic look , we can all agree that we like to look our best . Here are my top tips to get the most out the beauty world . This is written from the UK so things may apply differently in your hometown .
Tip 1 . Store cards
The beauty industry is one of the fastest growing , with A study by Biosen calculating that in a average woman 's lifetime , the amount spent on cosmetics alone is £ 100,000 , which equates to about £2.000 a year .
This is where store cards come in useful . Stores such as Boots and Superdrug offer a rewards scheme with points , and often hold money off events and send coupons in the post every few months or so , enabling the cardholder to get something while they are spending on the latest hairspray or nail varnish .
Student cards are also under this tip , with UCAS and NUS offering discounts on beauty items , as well as entertainment , food , travel and fashion . If you are studying in the UK , it may be worth looking into .
Tip 2 . Samples / Travel size products
If you have a new product you want to try , but cant blow a fortune on a full size bottle , try a travel size one . Often they are in a multi buy deal with others , in the summer season . If you like the product , then save up or use some points on that aforementioned card to get it , and if you did n't like it you did n't spend a fortune .
Samples are another way to test out a new product , create a separate email address and sign up to some of your favourite beauty sites , often they send out samples for products for testers . And as a bonus discounts can always be found too .
Tip 3 . Know your seasons
Desperate for a denim jacket for spring ? Buy it in Autumn . Fashion is often split into two seasons . Spring and Summer , Autumn and Winter . Buying clothes ‘ Off Season ' is a sure way to get a garment for less , just stick to the basics , and keep in mind that most trends do keep appearing every year . My very loose rule for ” trends ” are .
Spring . Pale florals , light jackets , light colour denim , pinks and creams , and lace .
. Pale florals , light jackets , light colour denim , pinks and creams , and lace . Summer . ‘ Festival fashion ' denim shorts , band tees , crochet/ lace/ floral kimonos , vivid colours , and floral crowns . Or nautical , stripes , red white and blue colours .
‘ Festival fashion ' denim shorts , band tees , crochet/ lace/ floral kimonos , vivid colours , and floral crowns . Or nautical , stripes , red white and blue colours . Autumn . Dark reds and blues , light knitwear , ankle boots , skinny jeans , florals with tights , layering .
Dark reds and blues , light knitwear , ankle boots , skinny jeans , florals with tights , layering . Winter . Greys , blues , combat/ biker boots . Dark jeans .
Tip 4 . Look for dupes
With social media being so prevalent , duplicates are becoming more and more easy to find . There are Instagram and Facebook pages devoted to finding a high street priced item that looks like the expensive ones .
A really good place to look for dupes are places such as Primark , H+M and supermarkets , because they want to make money off the latest trends , and the majority of the time , most items are more than half the price .
Tip 5 . Thrift , swap and donate !
Last tip , Thrift and donate . Second hand shops/Charity shops are a good way to find clothes on a budget , and without breaking the bank , you can help give back to charity . Make sure to always buy clothes you will wear , go in with a clear mission of what you need . Donating a bag of your own clothes can also free up some space for those bargains .
Swap shops are a really creative way to get social . Many of us have something in the closet we do n't wear that s in great condition , probably with the tags still on . Holding a swap party means that your guests could all leave with something new for their wardrobes , and have fun while doing it !
My biggest tip for being beautiful is to simply be yourself . There , is nothing more awesome than seeing someone truly happy with themselves , but if you cant resist that new bag or beauty product , make sure to do it wisely !
Want to know that the professionals use ? Check out what makeup a dermatologist uses .
Do you have any tips to get the beauty results you want on a budget ?
Have I missed a beauty tip ? Let me know on the comments below . < 3
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , one of the richest men in the world and a prominent shareholder in several major Western corporations , has purchased a $ 300 million stake in Twitter , the increasingly influential microblogging service . Prince Alwaleed , through his investment company Kingdom Holding , now holds a 3 % position in Twitter , which is valued at roughly $ 10 billion .
The Western-educated Alwaleed , occasionally referred to as the Warren Buffett of the Middle East , is a major investor in other U.S. companies , particularly in the media , technology and financial sectors . He is the second largest shareholder after the Murdoch family in Fox News-owner News Corp. , and also owns substantial stakes in Time Warner , Citigroup , General Motors and Apple . Alwaleed did n't invest directly in Twitter , but rather purchased shares from existing investors , according to Fortune .
( MORE : Why Europe 's Downgrades Matter )
“ We believe that social media will fundamentally change the media industry landscape in the coming years , ” Ahmed Halawani , Kingdon Holding 's Executive Director of Private Equity and International Investments , said in a statement . “ Twitter will capture and monetize this positive trend . ”
Twitter , which has more than 100 million users worldwide , has been pursuing a strategy of growth before revenues . The company has been wary of pushing conspicuous advertising onto its service , lest it alienate its users , who have grown accustomed to a largely ad-free experience . Prince Alwaleed 's investment comes after Russian billionaire Yuri Milner earlier this year led an $ 800 million investment through his firm DST Global .
Given Twitter 's role in the Arab Spring uprisings , Prince Alwaleed 's investment is sure to generate some controversy . Activists throughout the region have used the service to rally support and communicate with the outside world . Saudi Arabia remains one of the most closed and repressive societies in the world , and the Saudi royal family , of which Prince Alwaleed is a member , rules the oil-rich country with an iron first . The chances of a popular uprising toppling the regime there are highly unlikely .
( MORE : Which Country is the Stingiest With Christmas Gifts ? )
Already , some observers are viewing the investment cynically . Evgeny Morozov , a visiting scholar of Stanford and the author of The Net Delusion : The Dark Side of Internet Freedom , suggested that the investment is designed “ to preempt a ‘ Twitter Revolution . ' ” But as BoingBoing 's Rob Beschizza points out , the Saudis do n't need to control Twitter to silence it . The kingdom already has one of the most tightly controlled Internet networks in the world , and can block websites at will any time it chooses . Rather , Prince Alwaleed has been an aggressive and forward-looking investor in Western media companies , and his new stake in Twitter is consistent with that .
On the other hand , should a Twitter-fueled popular uprising ever take hold in Saudi Arabia , Twitter 's top executives may find themselves in an uncomfortable position . After all , they have a duty to act in the best interests of their shareholders , including , now , Prince Alwaleed . But those interests may not dovetail with the interests of Twitter 's users , to put it mildly .
This past weekend I joined some good friends on a yearly gathering for high elevation mountain biking in Crested Butte and surrounding areas . The trip is jokingly named Sufferfest because of the long climbs at high elevation , normally between 9,000 feet and 12,000 feet . The rides get bigger as the trip goes on ending in the Kenosha to Breckenridge ride which covers about 5,000 feet of climbing in just over 30 miles . We spend four days riding famous trails over the holiday weekend . Spending time with great people , lots of climbing , lots of technical fun descents , and the beauty of Colorado .
My freshly reassembled Ibis HD3 out of the bike bag ready to hit some Colorado trails
Day One , Dr. Park Trail – Garmin Data
The climb to the top of Dr. Park starts on a dirt road evolving into double track , and lastly single track . The creek crossing at about the halfway point is cold from the melting snow but such a great aspect of the ride for me , it 's just part of the experience .
The descent of Dr. Park starts with some technical rocks , moving on to a flow and pump section that begs for you to let go of any brakes and feel the wind in your face . The last section of the down is more arid and has larger rocks . There are some great switchbacks to drop you the last few hundred feet of the ride .
Day Two , Hartman Rocks Trail – Garmin Data
The Hartman Rocks trail was a day of change to ride dry trail as Crested Butte had a lot of rainfall on day one . The terrain was exposed to the sky , full of smaller climbs and descents , usually with exposed large rock structures .
Day Three , Monarch Crest Trail – Garmin Data
Riding Monarch Crest is a big day . The ride starts above 11,000 feet elevation climbs up from there . This ride beat me up last year , and I was nervous about it going into this trip . This year there were clouds on the mountain that we climbed up and through . It was a pretty neat experience .
As the day went on the sky 's cleared and we were treated to the great views that Monarch has to offer . The trail 's climbs , descents , and views make it an all-time favorite which I was able to enjoy this year without bonking . To be fair , we did bail out before the Rainbows section this year .
In between all of these great rides were good times spent around a campfire or eating at a local restaurant . At night , we were often treated to endless stars .
Day Four , Kenosha To Breckenridge Trail – Garmin Data
The big ride , this one had me nervous . We cross three mountain passes climbing almost 5,000 feet over the course of the 32 mile ride . The first pass we climb is Georgia Pass , a 12,000 foot peak . The climb is filled to the brim with rocks and roots making every foot of the climb work . You get above tree line at around 11,300 feet on this ride , a rewarding experience .
The descent on the backside of Georgia Pass is filled with technical rock sections and switchbacks .
The second climb is steep and mean , but once crested , the hardest parts of the ride were conquered . I was in a happy place once I started down the second descent . I knew I was going to finish the ride , and my goal for the trip , to ride every mile .
The ride ends with a handful of tight switchbacks arriving in Breckenridge . Last year when I watched friends from the sideline make that final descent , I had big aspirations of being able to finish the ride in the future . This year , I did . I ended the weekend with 12,500 feet climbed at high elevation . Every switchback of the last descent felt like a victory lap of personal accomplishment . I was in a happy , but tired place .
And with that last switchback , the trip was over . Bikes packed , planes boarded , and headed back to Illinois as I type this . Colorado is a special place and I feel privileged to have experienced a small piece of it with such good people . Another great cycling trip transitioned from great times to great memories .
Enjoy what you read ? Subscribe to be notified of future posts via email by either clicking the Follow button at the bottom or the Subscribe section on the right !
1k VIEWS Share Tweet Reddit Tumblr
On a busy Thursday , the Falcons announced the signing of two veteran tight ends . Former Broncos TE Jacob Tamme and former Chiefs/Seahawks TE Tony Moeaki
Tamme , 30 , had 86 receptions in three years with the Denver Broncos . Tamme has always been a pass catching tight end , however had playing time taking away in 2013 and 2014 due to the emergence of Julius Thomas . Tamme had played with Peyton Manning for seven seasons and will now get a chance to play with another great QB in Matt Ryan .
Moeaki , 27 , only appeared in six games with 134 yards and one touchdown last season in Seattle . Moeaki is athletic and can catch , the main issue will be to see if he can stay healthy .
While the Falcons have n't found a Tony Gonzalez replacement just yet , they added good depth with these two signings and will probably find another in the draft .
Source : Falcons
JACKSONVILLE , Fla.- Hillary Clinton continues to hold a commanding lead in Florida but Bernie Sanders is gaining support in the Sunshine State , a new poll released Monday by the University of North Florida shows .
Clinton got 54 % of the voters considered likely to vote in the Democratic Presidential Primary on March 15 to Sanders 24 % . The good news for Sanders is that his support is up from a paltry 8 % in the last UNF poll in October . 22 % of voters either said someone else , were undecided , or would not answer the poll .
Clinton leads across all demographic groups , according to the poll , but her support is stronger among African-American voters and women while Sanders is stronger among white voters and men .
Sanders is closest among voters under age 44 , where Clinton 's lead is only 44 % -39 % , according to the poll .
The polls margin of error is +/- 3.74 % .
Sanders and Clinton battle in 13 states with `` Super Tuesday '' primaries on March 1 .
SAN FRANCISCO – The Giants just concluded May with a 13-16 record – their fifth consecutive losing month .
They are 52-75 since the All-Star break last season , good for a .409 winning percentage . Some context : The last time they played an entire season below that clip was 1985 , and that squad lost 100 games .
If you have been paying attention , none of this should come as a surprise . But this part might :
Their Triple-A affiliate in Sacramento ( 19-32 ) is in last place . Their Double-A affiliate in Richmond ( 20-32 ) is in last place . Even their Single-A club in San Jose ( 23-30 ) , a perennial contender , is in last place . And Low-A Augusta ? You do n't want to know . Their 14-34 record is the worst in all minor league baseball .
Put another way : the Giants ' affiliate with the best winning percentage , San Jose , has the worst record in the California League .
This is not to suggest there is zero talent in the Giants ' minor league system ( although most publications and rankings systems have them in the bottom 10 ) . The Giants are calling up one of their more interesting prospects , outfielder Austin Slater , after he piqued their interest by hitting .322 at Sacramento . Sources said that Slater , a 24-year-old Stanford product , will join the Giants in Philadelphia when their three-game series there begins on Friday .
But … what the heck is happening down on the farm ?
Giants GM Bobby Evans said part of the problem is that the organization has been a bit more aggressive about promoting players .
“ There 's been an effort to address some of our pitching deficits in the minor leagues , just because we 're very light on lower level pitching prospects , ” Evans said . “ And we 're also pushing some of our draft picks and trying to stay younger in the leagues overall . Those are some of the areas that put us at a disadvantage .
“ Certainly , it 's not something we want to see continue . We want our affiliates to have winning teams . That 's always been our priority . But with some of the emphasis on pushing guys a little higher than normal , you 're going to take your bumps — maybe this year more so than any year . ”
Evans cited last year 's first-rounder , outfielder Bryan Reynolds , as an example of a player who started with San Jose – and struggled early – when he could have begun at Augusta , instead .
“ What happens is that you 're trying to advance your Dominican players , your ( short-season league_ players , and everybody ca n't go to Augusta , ” Evans said . “ Someone has to take the step up to the Cal League . ”
Advancement in general has been a problem that is plaguing the entire organization . Consider this : only one player the Giants took in the 2013 draft has reached the major leagues , and that is struggling infielder Christian Arroyo , who was taken as a high schooler . Slater will become the first member of the Giants ' 2014 draft class to reach the majors .
Nobody in the 2015 draft is close to breaking through ; the Giants ' first-rounder in that draft , pitcher Phil Bickford , was dealt to Milwaukee for Will Smith , a left-handed reliever who is out for the season after undergoing Tommy John surgery .
The Giants ' track record on the international front is no better . The only player born in a Latin American country who has appeared on the big league roster this season and came from their farm system is reliever Reyes Moronta , who spent one day on the roster in New York and did n't get in a game .
Johnny Cueto was a free-agent signing . So was Gorkys Hernandez . Eduardo Nuñez was acquired from the Twins last July . Orlando Calixte , who just joined the roster , was a six-year free agent .
Cueto has remarked that the clubhouse composition has made a definite impact on team chemistry .
“ When I was with Kansas City , it was a team , I think , it was a very happy bunch because we had a lot of players from the Dominican , ” Cueto said through Spanish interpreter Erwin Higueros in April . “ The same with Cincinnati . But here , it 's different . As Latins , we like to get together kind of loud , and be a happy bunch . But here , you look around and everyone is on their own , just sitting at their locker , very quiet , just by themselves . That 's just how they are . ”
It wo n't get more diverse anytime soon . The Giants have been capped the last two years from offering signing bonuses in excess of $ 300,000 to international free agents – a penalty for the $ 6 million they spent on Bahamian shortstop Lucius Fox in 2015 .
( They flipped Fox to the Tampa Bay Rays with popular third baseman Matt Duffy in the trade that netted left-hander Matt Moore , who filled an important rotation need but has been inconsistent this season . )
In the meantime , the Giants ' NL West rivals suddenly have rosters that are filled with young talent . Not only did the Giants trail the Dodgers by 11 ½ games entering Thursday , but they were 11 games behind the Diamondbacks and Rockies , who would meet for the NL wild card if the season were to end today .
So the Giants face more than a massive challenge to get younger and compete at the major league level . They also must reconstruct a farm system that is literally behind everyone else .
Scouting director John Barr earned raves for his first draft , when he took Buster Posey and Brandon Crawford , and more praise came his way when players like Joe Panik , scoffed at by experts as an overdraft , turned into an All-Star performer and Gold Glove winner .
No question , it is harder to find top tier players when you are picking at the end of the first round – or when you sacrifice draft picks , as the Giants did to sign right-hander Jeff Samardzija .
But it 's not as if the Giants had nobody left to choose . One example : the Dodgers ' Cody Bellinger , who is ripping it up as a rookie , was a fourth-round pick in 2013 .
The Giants pick 19th overall when the draft begins June 12 . It will be Barr 's 10th time manning the board for the organization . Have they had to recalibrate , based on some of the picks in recent years that did n't pan out ?
“ Overall , our approach is not to leave any stone unturned and that does n't change , ” Evans said . “ We have a lot of confidence in John Barr and our scouts to do a thorough job and assess where the best talent is in every round .
“ We do n't take a round off . Every one is valued at the highest priority . That does n't change . This is the 10th draft that John has overseen and his success speaks well . But we 've never settled on our past success . We 're always trying to push harder than the year before . ”
The Giants will push up Slater as they try to have a winning June . If they do not , then expect to see pitcher Tyler Beede , third baseman Jae-gyun Hwang and maybe a few more fresh faces .
The Giants would be ready to embrace a youth movement — at least , as best a movement as their beleaguered minor league system can supply .
0 Mail carriers arrested , accused of stalking woman on his route
JOHNS CREEK , Ga. - A local woman says she had to get a protection order to keep the family 's mail carrier away , but despite that , the post office did n't change his route .
The mother of two , who did n't want to be identified , says she called police on her mail carrier , Gregg Snyder , 62 , after he showed up at her house three times in one day . Snyder is accused of leaving raw steak on her doorstep and making sexual comments to her .
“ Opening the door to the mailman is something that I 've always thought was safe , ” she said .
Snyder was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct .
The woman also took out a restraining order against him , but says weeks later , he was still delivering mail to her neighbors .
“ I feel like I 'm being violated over and over again and being put in a position where I have to see him after I put a protection order in place , ” she said .
TRENDING STORIES :
Snyder was advised as recently as Thursday to stay at least 500 yards from her home , but police say on Friday he did n't .
Channel 2 's Liz Artz was in Johns Creek when police arrested Snyder on an aggravated stalking charge , which is a felony . Channel 2 's Liz Artz was in Johns Creek today when police arrested Gregg Snyder on an aggravated stalking charge . © 2019 Cox Media Group .
“ I was relieved that he was held accountable for the protection order that was put in place , ” the mother said . `` Every little sound in the backyard you hyper focus on . We have been living in fear as a family for two months . ''
She said she 's worried that if the post office does n't change his route , he will continue to harass her and other women in the area .
We asked the United States Postal Service about its policy and why the mail carrier was able to stay on the same route .
The USPS says it is working on a statement to send to Channel 2 Action News . Meanwhile , some Johns Creek government officials say they are working to make sure this does n't happen again .
The mother says she has her own message to the company .
`` I 'm angry that you did n't handle this properly . If I was your wife or daughter or sister , would you want that person to be around your family ? '' she said .
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
Amy Lawton had n't been planning to come to Concord to testify on a bill that would allow people to carry concealed weapons without a permit . In fact , she first heard about the hearing the day before it happened .
Lawton , a middle school English teacher who lives in the tiny northern town of Easton – population 250 – was on the fence about going .
But she had a story to share ; her stepmother is Dawn Hochsprung , the principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School who was killed in 2012 along with five other staff and 20 elementary school students , in one of the most horrific school shootings the country has seen .
As she stood in Representatives Hall last Wednesday , speaking about the lingering effects Sandy Hook has had on her and her children 's lives , Lawton heard something she was n't expecting : Laughter .
She abruptly stopped her testimony . She looked stung .
“ Please do n't laugh , ” she said into the microphone . “ That 's rude . ”
After that , Lawton said the rest of her testimony was a bit of a blur .
“ I remember hearing at least one person laugh , ” she said by phone this week . “ I also remember hearing this kind of noise , which is why I paused . I 'm not exactly sure what happened . ”
After the hearing was over , Lawton said a man came up to her and apologized for laughing .
She said the experience was demoralizing since she made the 90-mile trip to testify at the State House for the first time precisely because she wanted people to hear about her experience .
“ It felt like when I was down there , that it did n't matter , that people were n't listening , ” she said . “ When they laughed , it was so devastating . You do n't even know the courage it took to come down here . ”
Clai Lasher-Sommers , a resident of Westmoreland and victim of gun violence who was also there to testify against the bill said she heard laughter and then someone in the audience telling people to stop it .
“ No matter what , we 've experienced this tragedy , ” Lasher-Sommers said . “ She was brave enough to share her story and she was treated like that . Certainly , it 's not acceptable . ”
Susan Olsen , the legislative director for the Women 's Defense League of New Hampshire , was sitting behind Lawton and leaned over to ask if she was okay after her testimony .
Olsen said she did n't hear any laughter or ugly comments .
“ Maybe there was nervous laughter because of her circumstances , ” Olsen said . “ I think everybody there was listening carefully . I told her that there was n't anybody there that would n't defend her right to say what she believed . It was pretty brave . ”
Deciding to speak
In the four years since Sandy Hook , Lawton has not spoken publicly about how the shooting affected her family .
“ I 'm not one to seek out the limelight , ” she said . “ I 've just been trying to kind of quietly rebuild my own life . ”
But after learning about the concealed carry bill making its way through the state legislature , she felt compelled to say something .
“ I felt a responsibility , ” Lawton said . “ When I heard about the hearing , I thought , ‘ This is something I can really connect with , this is something I have an opinion about . ' ”
Concealed carry has long been an issue in New Hampshire – a state where gun owners must get a permit from their local police chief before carrying a concealed weapon . As committee members pointed out at the end of the hearing , past bills have been approved by the legislature and have ultimately been vetoed by Democratic governors .
Republican Gov . Chris Sununu has signaled his support for the measure , which is frequently referred to as constitutional carry . If the bill passes the full House today , it will head to Sununu 's desk .
Critics of the permit process argue it disproportionately impacts law-abiding citizens , and does not affect the safety of the state .
“ Most people do n't want to go to the grocery store , the post office , wherever else they are and openly carry , ” said Senate Majority Leader Jeb Bradley , a Wolfeboro Republican and the bill 's prime sponsor . “ They prefer to not be secretive about it , but just be respectful of their neighbors . ”
Lawton said she 's not anti-gun , but she thinks the current permitting process should stay in place .
Standing in front of the microphone last week , Lawton talked about the lasting effects of Sandy Hook on her and her family .
“ As a result of gun violence , I now carry with me an anxiety that hovers on the periphery of everything I do , ” Lawton told lawmakers . “ Sometimes it 's a minor presence . Sometimes its bad , like in the lock down drills in the elementary school where I teach , as I reassure my students they are safe from the bad guys . ”
Lawton also spoke of her young son , who was 5 years old when the shooting at Sandy Hook occurred .
“ He turns off the radio in the car now , because he does n't want to hear any bad news going on around the world , ” she said . “ He hates conflict , and often expects the worst . I think he sees more bad guys than he used to . ”
When her son competed in a road race two years ago , he told his mom during the car ride home that he had been “ kind of worried ” there would be a bomb when he crossed the finish line .
‘ Heard enough '
The commotion in Representatives Hall started after Lawton said she believes concealed carry permits can offer a measure of protection against gun violence .
“ Some people will argue that carrying concealed weapons will prevent gun violence and help people protect themselves , ” she said during her testimony . “ This is a myth perpetuated by the NRA . ”
Lawton said she understands that people are protective of their constitutional rights , but she thinks safety needs to be taken into account .
“ To me , it seems obvious that you should be willing to be as safe as you can , ” she said .
After over two hours of hearing testimony – most of it in favor of repealing the permitting process – the House Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee voted the bill ought to pass , sending it on to the full House .
Two committee members , including Democratic state Rep. Shannon Chandley of Amherst , disagreed with the immediate vote and wanted more time to consider written testimony .
“ We receive thousands of emails , literally , on this topic , ” Chandley said . “ We need a chance to process it . We owe them the courtesy of reading their written testimony . ”
But another representative objected during the hearing .
“ I think we 've heard enough . I do n't think I need to go through all this and spend my Saturday all day reading this thing and vote at a later date , ” said state Rep. Larry Gagne , a Republican from Manchester . “ I think a vote up or down on Senate Bill 12 should be here and now . ”
The bill passed committee on a vote of 12-8 . Lawton said the haste startled her .
“ How can it not matter what people have said today ? ” she asked . “ When I was there , I was trying to listen and learn from other people . I felt like that was n't reciprocated . ”
At work the next day , Lawton talked to her middle school students about public hearings , how a bill becomes a law , “ and modeling for them what it means to speak up , even if you know the inevitable outcome . ”
“ Even though I felt disrespected , I hope that I communicated to my students that what they think and say matters , ” Lawton said .
She plans to return to the New Hampshire State House – to make her voice heard again .
“ If anything , I think it 's strengthened my resolve to get more involved , ” she said .
( Ella Nilsen can be reached at 369-3322 , enilsen @ cmonitor.com or on Twitter @ ella_nilsen . )
It 's no secret that designer fashion is expensive . Names like Prada , Burberry , and Saint Laurent are synonymous with luxury and decadence . There has been much debate among fashion enthusiasts over whether it 's it 's worth spending big bucks on designer gear or if doing so is merely paying for the ego boost afforded by the garment 's label . The general consensus among people that are n't plebs is that it 's okay for other people to spend their own money on whatever they want , since surprisingly enough them doing so does n't actually affect the rest of us .
But while there is plenty of discussion on whether or not consumers should pay the high prices on designer clothing , I have seen relatively little on whether the designers themselves should be charging what they are . Hero that I am , I have taken it upon myself to fill this obvious void in the internet 's catalog of pseudointellectual rambles .
Now , viewing designer fashion houses solely as capitalist businesses , the question posed is deeply uninteresting ; who really cares whether Versace would make more profit if they reduced their prices a bit ? Literally nobody . Except maybe Versace . Instead , I 'm considering the impact of designer pricetags on fashion as an art form .
Fashion is a very multidimensional art form . If we regard a full outfit as the final work of art , it is the result of the collaborative effort of the designer ( s ) who created each item , and the stylist ( s ) who put them together . Depending on the outfit , the contribution made by each party can vary : a stylist working with pieces all from the same collection by a given designer does n't need to do a lot of work to produce a decent outfit , and similarly it 's not exactly rocket science to design a decent white tee . I think it 's pretty clear that the most interesting stuff happens when both parties pull their weight ; when a talented stylist pulls together interesting pieces from several designers into a unique final outfit .
Of course in reality , most “ stylists ” are largely just regular people like you and me , dressing ourselves . And unless you want to literally live in a department store fitting room , that regrettably means that you need to actually own the clothes that you 're styling .
And so we come to the problem of pricetags . As I already mentioned , the top-tier powerhouse fashion houses are universal symbols of wealth and opulence . But it seems to me that at least in theory , they play a more important role , namely as the people at the frontier of the artform ; the people pushing the boundaries and creating the most creative and interesting pieces . Unfortunately , these two positions appear to be at odds with each other ; by charging the prices they do , they reduce the number of potential stylists doing cool shit with their pieces to the relatively small number who can afford them .
I 'd like to briefly clarify what I mean by the word “ afford ” . While designer clothes are certainly expensive , they 're obviously not on the same level of financial unobtainability as , say , sports cars , or classical art , or even watches at the very high end . I think most people with a reasonable level of disposable income can save up for a few designer pieces relatively easily if they so choose – I mean , I 'm a student and I have three pairs of designer shoes , plus a number of “ mid-tier ” shoes , jackets and tops .
But the important part is that notion of saving up – almost all my designer/pseudo-designer items were the result of months of searching for that perfect thing , and then lusting after for a further few months while I waited to get them to go on sale or turn up on Grailed . I took great and extensive care to be absolutely certain that I truly wanted each item and knew how to wear it effectively in advance ( I explained this questionable process in great detail in a previous post ) . What I have never done is find something cool in a designer boutique and bought it on the spot just so I can see what I can do with it , because I ca n't afford to risk that much money on something that might not work out .
The point I am attempting to make in my meandering way is that while I can afford to save up for key designer pieces that perfectly fill a hole in my wardrobe , I am in no position to splash out on anything that could be described as “ weird experimental shit ” . But experimenting with weird shit is exactly what is any artist needs to do to produce truly interesting work . Moreover , the nature of experimentation is that lots of experiments do n't work out – so you 're going to need lots of weird experimental pieces , the pricetags of which start to add up rapidly . And that 's what everyday plebs like myself ca n't afford .
One example that illustrates this problem is the currently very popular Saint Laurent aesthetic . One of the common criticisms levelled at both Saint Laurent itself and the people wearing their clothes is that the items are very expensive , but really not that interesting or inventive – by far the most popular items are their checked flannels , black skinny jeans , chelsea and harness boots , biker jackets , and the other staple items of the “ rockstar ” look – sure , they 're all slightly unique in their own way , but none of them are exactly groundbreaking works of art . However , Saint Laurent do produce quite a bit of more “ out-there ” stuff – from 3.5″ mens ' heels to leopard-print tux jackets . They might not be on the absolute cutting edge of forward-thinking design , but they 're certainly more unique and interesting than yet another iteration of the black Perfecto . And yet , these pieces are almost nowhere to be seen – because among the people who might want to experiment with a leopard-print tux jacket , how many want it enough to drop several grand on it ?
The problem is essentially that the intersection of people who want to experiment with people who can afford to experiment is n't big enough .
One of the few people in the aforementioned intersection is of course our lord and saviour Kanye West . I 'm sure I do n't need to go into detail about the influence Kanye has had on fashion trends in recent years , even ignoring the clothes he designed himself . But if you polled a bunch of mildly fashion-conscious on how much they like Kanye 's style , I doubt you 'd see anything near unanimous positivity . Even moreso when considering his Yeezy Season lines . It 's not that Kanye always dresses incredibly well – what makes him such an influential and interesting figure , besides his fame , is that he is constantly actively experimenting with the near endless array of designer pieces he has access to . Sometime he hits , sometimes he misses ( which is which depends on who you ask ) , but it 's impossible to deny that he 's constantly trying new things .
Now imagine if all of us had access to the pieces Kanye does . Of course it 's extremely unlikely anyone would come close to usurping Ye in influence without the backing of fame in another field , but there would certainly be a lot more interesting fits floating around . Many of them would undoubtedly be absolutely gash , yes – but with so many different perspectives and minds at play , all feeding off of each other 's ideas , I have very little doubt that some truly great and unique things would arise .
Closing words
I make no claims that the foregoing ramble is anything but precisely that . I am under no illusions of the brutal reality of the situation ; that fashion is a business like any other , and that designer clothing is priced at the point that people are evidently willing to pay . I am well aware that my fantasy of everyone having access to designer clothing is never going to happen ; indeed I have n't even bothered to provide any potential solutions . But I still , perhaps naïvely , believe that my opinion is worth sharing ; I think the question of what this art form could produce without the limitations that designer pricetags impose is one worth discussing .
TL ; DR : People can only make dope fits with the pieces they can afford , and there are n't enough people who can afford the dopest pieces . This makes me slightly upset .
My intention with this article was to raise discussion , so please feel free to comment with your thoughts .
If you enjoyed this post and want updates on future posts , you can follow my Instagram account : @ usuallywhatimdressedin
Robert M. McDowell served as a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission from 2006-2013 and is currently a visiting fellow at the Hudson Institute 's Center for Economics of the Internet .
A Google server farm . ( Google/Connie Zhou via Associated Press )
Tomorrow is the deadline for the public to comment on the Federal Communications Commission 's ( FCC ) attempt to regulate the Internet under the seemingly innocuous moniker of “ net neutrality. ” The architect of this movement , and the man who coined the term “ net neutrality , ” is Columbia law professor Tim Wu . Unfortunately , he has proved to be immensely influential among regulators .
Net neutrality rules have been sold for a decade as a way to keep the Internet “ open and free ” by keeping Internet service providers ( ISPs ) , such as phone and cable companies , from blocking or degrading Web sites . Its advocates have argued that ISPs have an economic incentive to act anti-competitively toward consumers and competitors . In a common hypothetical they cite , ISPs would slow — or buffer — traffic for Netflix unless it unfairly pays for more access points , or “ off ramps , ” and better quality of service .
In truth , however , market failures like these have never happened , and nothing is broken that needs fixing . If consumers were being harmed by ISPs , ample antitrust , competition and consumer protection laws already exist to fix the problem . And major broadband providers have pledged , in their terms of service , to keep the Net open and freedom-enhancing . Why ? Because it is good business to do so .
Additionally , Netflix produces upwards of 34 percent of the Net 's traffic at peak times . It can clog any pipe it touches . That torrent of traffic imposes delivery costs that Netflix would prefer to pass on to others . But the market is sorting out these growing pains as the open Net grows , just as it has successfully from the beginning . ( My views on this subject long predate my affiliation with the Hudson Institute , but in the interests of full disclosure : Hudson receives financial support from media , technology and telecom companies , as well as foundations , including those on both sides of the net neutrality debate . )
The Net has been open since it was privatized by the Clinton administration . It proliferated globally as it migrated farther away from government control — bringing freedom and prosperity to billions . It grew from a mere 88,000 users in the late 1980s , to more than 3 billion today . Cisco estimates that the exploding “ Internet of Everything ” ( that is , machines talking to one another online , such as your car and your tablet ) will generate more than $ 14 trillion in global economic growth by 2022 . In short , the Internet is the greatest deregulatory success story of all time — a simple fact that vexes those seeking new and unnecessary rules .
In refreshingly honest congressional testimony , Wu has crystalized the net neutrality movement 's goal : “ FCC oversight of the Internet. ” His simple statement acts as a dog whistle to regulators , telling them to sweep everything about the Internet under the government-controlled net neutrality umbrella— technical operations , business decisions , content and speech . State manipulation of the Net would shape “ not merely economic policy , not merely competition policy , but also media policy , social policy ” and “ oversight of the political process , ” according to Wu 's testimony . Current regulations simply do not “ capture ” the Net the way more government powers would through powerful new rules , he argued .
Without contesting the adequacy of existing laws to protect consumers and preserve the free flow of information over the Net , Wu asserted that only “ the FCC is equipped to deal with issues like regionalism , like localism , like diversity , which … are n't captured ” by other agencies . These words were likely not selected randomly : They have legal significance at the FCC in regulating speech and go far beyond net neutrality 's original sales pitch .
Wu 's vision of more government “ capture ” strongly resembles old broadcast regulations spurred by a “ scarcity ” of outlets in the mid-20th century — the legal rationale for government regulation of speech over the airwaves , which would never be tolerated by , say , newspapers . Even in today 's competitive and digitized media markets , broadcasters must adhere to strict rules dictating speech , or risk losing their licenses . This Supreme Court-blessed government speech control operates under aliases such as “ regionalism ” and “ localism ” as invoked by Wu . These rules compel broadcasters to tailor their content to serve properly ( in the eyes of regulators ) their “ communities of license. ” That could include mandates ranging from sufficient local news , sports and weather , to a minimum amount of programming for children .
Broadcast regulations have also controlled political speech . The most infamous FCC effort to exert “ oversight over the political process , ” in Wu 's words , was known as the “ Fairness Doctrine. ” For decades , it allowed the government to censor political speech by justifying its purpose as “ balancing ” competing points of view in the name of “ diversity , ” serving the “ public interest ” and , most cynically , protecting freedom of expression . That meant the state muted some political voices while amplifying others . Although the Reagan-era FCC correctly scrapped the Fairness Doctrine , vestiges of it remain , such as the confusingly similar “ equal time rule , ” which , for example , curtailed the airing of old Reagan movies when he ran for office . FCC “ oversight of the political process ” through more Internet regulations sounds eerily like political speech controls . Will new FCC rules lay down a slippery slope toward those kinds of controls ?
While some tech companies have been inspired by Wu as they try to “ regulate their rivals , ” phone and cable companies , they may be forging their own regulatory chains , link by link . During my seven years as a FCC commissioner , I lived through several iterations of the net neutrality debate . Its proponents have broadened the term 's definition each time to serve their own growing purposes , both here and abroad . Wu 's vision , which goes far beyond the Netflix scenario , shows how their ostensible goal could continue to morph into a regulatory regime for the entire Internet ecosystem , affecting far more than ISPs . Inviting regulators into your neighborhood is likely to embolden them to control not only your neighbor but you , too . Wu 's supporters should be careful what they wish for .
A former senior adviser to Stephen Harper says the prime minister knew about criminal charges he 'd faced , despite Harper 's assertion that he would never have hired Bruce Carson had he known about `` more recent things . ''
Carson , who has written a book about his time in the Prime Minister 's Office , worked closely with Harper and his then chief of staff Ian Brodie from 2006 to early 2009 . The book , 14 Days : Making the Conservative Movement in Canada , talks about the early days of the Harper government .
`` I disclosed it on the form that I had to fill in , he and I had a general conversation about my past and I disclosed it fully to Ian , '' Carson said in an interview with Evan Solomon , host of CBC News Network 's Power & Politics .
Carson went from a well-liked backroom adviser to headline news during the 2011 federal election when an APTN news story alleged he lobbied officials at the Department of Indian and Northern Affairs Canada about a water purification system .
Reporters soon discovered Carson had a history of financial problems and was convicted of five counts of fraud going back to the 1980s and 1990s before he was hired as an adviser to Harper .
In June 1990 , Carson pleaded guilty to three counts of fraud and received a suspended sentence and 24 months probation on condition that he `` continue treatment at the R.O.H . ( Royal Ottawa Hospital ) '' and make restitution of $ 4,000 within 23 months to the car rental company he defrauded . He later declared bankruptcy , which his lawyer said in 2011 was the result of Carson being out of work and juggling two families .
Harper said at the time that he did n't know the extent of Carson 's criminal record .
'3rd chance '
`` We knew about problems in Mr. Carson 's very distant past . We did n't know about more recent things . If I had known that we would not have hired him . I am obviously very disappointed to find out these things now , '' Harper said in April 2011 .
Carson has since been charged with illegal lobbying and influence peddling . His pre-trial on the counts stemming from the water purification work starts Monday , with other charges laid earlier this month .
Carson says he did `` as good a job as one can do '' when he was with the Prime Minister 's Office .
Some people , he said , are of the opinion that `` everybody 's entitled to a second and perhaps a third chance . And when I worked for the prime minister in opposition and in government , my past was known to him [ Harper ] and certainly to Ian Brodie , and I thought we accomplished really good things . ''
`` Regardless of the negative stuff , nobody 's attacked what I 've been able to do or the kind of work I did as an adviser either to Ian or to the prime minister , '' Carson said .
`` The time I spent with him , it was the best job I ever had , and I really enjoyed it . ''
Senate , Supreme Court scandals would n't have happened
Carson says the Senate scandal would n't have happened under him and Brodie .
`` Certainly not the way it happened . Neither Ian nor I would have been able to dig 90,000 bucks out of our pockets , '' Carson said .
Nigel Wright , who was Harper 's chief of staff until last May , left the PMO after a news report revealed he 'd personally given Senator Mike Duffy $ 90,000 to repay Duffy 's questionable Senate living and travel expenses . Harper has maintained he did n't know about Wright 's plan , which emails suggest was discussed with several PMO staffers .
Brodie and Carson also discussed everything with Harper , Carson said .
`` Things were different , '' he said , but , `` if [ Harper ] said he did n't know , I think you have to believe him . ''
Carson says it 's unfortunate Harper is in the midst of a spat with Beverley McLachlin , the chief justice of the Supreme Court , after accusing her of trying to interfere with one of his appointments to the top court .
`` I think if I 'd been here , if Brodie had been here ... no one would have advised him to take on the chief justice of Canada on anything , especially in a public way . The problem is , as more and more digging is done into the back and forth on the [ Marc ] Nadon appointment , it just becomes worse and worse , '' Carson said .
`` It 's certainly not a fight a prime minister should be picking . ''
Carson also notes in the book that Doug Finley , who ran the 2006 campaign , said he had a mole in the federal Liberal election campaign who gave the Conservatives the Liberal platform . Finley died a year ago .
Carson says he has no idea who the mole was .
Using our interactive , you can access the 2,000 incident reports from the Australian-run immigration detention centre • Read the Nauru files
What are the Nauru files ? How to read and interpret them – explainer
What are the Nauru files ? How to read and interpret them – explainer
What are the Nauru files ?
The Nauru files are the largest set of leaked documents published from inside Australia 's immigration detention system . They are a set of more than 2,000 incident reports from the Nauru detention centre , written by guards , caseworkers and teachers on the remote Pacific island . They set out every reportable “ incident ” on the island . Such events include attempts at self-harm , sexual assaults , child abuse , hunger strikes , assaults and injuries . While some of these cases have been reported by the Guardian and other news organisations , the logs set out in detail the totality of harm caused by prolonged detention in Australia 's notorious offshore detention camps .
The Nauru files : the lives of asylum seekers in detention detailed in a unique database – interactive Read more
Like many other countries around the world , Australia has privatised its immigration detention centres . But Australia has gone a step beyond other countries : it has exported its detention centres offshore – to Nauru and to Manus Island in Papua New Guinea . Any asylum seeker who arrives by boat in Australia is immediately placed in one of these facilities and told they will never be resettled in Australia . The policy is a hardline deterrent established to “ stop the boats ” – a familiar slogan in Australian politics .
What information does the interactive contain ?
The Guardian 's interactive holds the detailed incident reports as well as a “ summary log ” of each report . All of these have been written by detention centre staff . The data has been grouped by month and year , by incident category and by risk rating . You can explore individual incidents , or search by type or timeframe . When you select an individual incident you can also share it across social networks .
The summary logs that appear when you click on the coloured squares are the staff 's truncated versions of the detailed incident reports . Click “ See original report ” to view the incident reports themselves .
What is an incident report ?
An incident report is a short summary of an event in the Nauru detention centre written by staff there . Some of the details in the files may distress some readers . They can range from an observation of a threat of self-harm , to abuse of a child , or a more mundane incident such as a child falling over when playing soccer . These reports form part of the contractual requirements set down by the Australian government in order to document and keep records of what is happening inside the detention system .
Who writes these reports ?
Scores of staff from a number of private companies have written them . The Australian government has privatised its immigration detention system , outsourcing the services within it . Broadspectrum ( formerly known as Transfield Services ) manages the detention centre and subcontracts security services to Wilson Security . International Health and Medical Services provides medical care . Save the Children provided welfare and childcare services until the end of 2015 .
When is an incident reportable and how are they rated and categorised ?
Incidents are reportable when they fall into one of the categories that have been set out in Transfield Services ' contract with Australia 's immigration department . These reports are given a “ risk rating ” in three distinct categories : critical , major and minor .
Critical incidents must be reported verbally within 30 minutes and in writing within three hours . Major incidents must be reported verbally within an hour and in writing within six hours . Minor incidents do n't require a verbal report . A written report only needs to be filed within 24 hours . Timeframes for reporting incidents to the department are extremely important because failures to meet these deadlines can trigger financial penalties .
There is also a fourth rating that appears frequently in the logs : information reports . These types of reports do not appear to have any basis in the contract with Australia 's immigration department but they are extremely common .
Separately from the risk rating , the reports are also broken down into classifications ; for instance “ concern for minor raised ” and “ self-harm threat ” are discrete incident categories .
Transfield Services outlined how reports should be categorised in its incident management framework of June 2013 . An incident reporting matrix from 2014 provides similar guidance .
How accurate are the incident reports and their categorisation ?
The way incidents are categorised should be treated with some caution . The private companies that manage the detention centre have extremely poor data handling practices . Some incidents have also been deliberately downgraded in their seriousness . This means that the way incidents are categorised should be examined carefully . There are examples of severe incidents categorised as “ information ” .
The risk ratings are applied inconsistently , if at all . Some of the ways the information has been categorised has changed over time , leading to further inconsistencies in counting the data .
To present a useful summary of the incident database the Guardian has combined several similar categories , with the original details also preserved in our database . These categories have been clearly marked in our publication of the database . The original incident reports can also be viewed individually and disclose how the information was initially reported .
Has any of the data been changed ?
The Guardian has redacted personal information in the files it has published . It has also sought to more clearly categorise some types of incident reports by grouping similar types of incidents when the reporting categories have changed over time . For instance , suicidal ideation has been grouped with threatened self-harm . All of the original incident reporting categories have been preserved in the files though , and this grouping has been clearly marked .
What information has been redacted ?
The Nauru files contain a large amount of personal information about asylum seekers and detention centre staff . The Guardian has adopted a stringent approach to redacting the documents , including several layers of editorial and technical checks of the data . The general approach we have taken is to remove :
• The names of all asylum seekers and staff
• Personal identification numbers of asylum seekers ( their six-digit “ boat arrival numbers ” )
• Ages of the asylum seekers named in reports
• Signatures of detention staff
• Nationalities with small population groups
• Residential tent numbers
• In some cases further identifying information has been removed
How to contact the Nauru files reporters securely and confidentially Read more
This approach to redacting the identities of asylum seekers and staff is consistent with the methodology taken by the former integrity commissioner Philip Moss in his review of sexual assault allegations at the centre .
What common terms and acronyms appear in the files ?
NRPC This acronym refers to the Nauru regional processing centre ( the detention centre ) .
SCA Save the Children Australia , contracted by the Australian government to provide welfare services on the island .
IHMS International Health and Medical Services , contracted to provide health services to asylum seekers .
TSA Transfield Services Australia , contracted to manage the Nauru detention centre .
DIBP Department of Immigration and Border Protection , the Australian government department responsible for overseeing the Nauru detention centre .
TIS Translating and Interpreting Service , a part of the immigration department that provides specialist translation services .
CPSW A Save the Children staff member who is a child protection and support worker
CW A Save the Children caseworker .
CM A Save the Children case manager .
The Nauru files : 2,000 leaked reports reveal scale of abuse of children in Australian offshore detention Read more
CSO Client services officer . This is usually used to describe Wilson Security guards .
POI A person of interest , usually in relation to an allegation about their behaviour .
Whiskey Wilson Security staff who often provide psychological support for detainees .
Romeo Another word used to describe Wilson Security officers stationed around the Nauru detention centre .
Control The “ control room ” run by Wilson Security . This manages the reporting of incidents back to the Australian government .
OPC1 , OPC2 , OPC3/RPC1 , RPC2 , RPC3 Different compounds of the Nauru detention facility .
SAF Single adult female .
SAM Single adult male .
UAM Unaccompanied minor .
• How to contact the Nauru files reporters securely and confidentially
We 've been fighting the European Parliamentary Elections on policy , so it was great to be contacted by 38 Degrees about our positions on a range of issues , we responded , but I thought you might like to read a little bit more about how 38 Degrees arrived at their score card and of course what we said !
The process
In the run up 150,000 38 Degrees members were asked to vote on the issues that were their top priorities for the EU Election . The issues were put together by 38 degrees and included campaign topics and suggestions from their membership . The result of the vote there were six issues that 38 Degrees members wanted to prioritise , these were :
protecting our public services and environment from TTIP ( The Trans-atlantic trade and Investment Partnership ) .
protecting our Bees from poisonous pesticides
cracking down on tax-dodging
protecting our private data through stronger rules on data protection
getting stronger employment rights for workers
getting stronger targets for reducing carbon emissions to protect our climate
On the 15th of May , 38 Degrees staff then approached us , and every other party standing candidates to be UK MEPs with their questions .
We were asked for short statements on each item and , as we try to do , sent back our responses within a few hours . Of course condensing policy into a couple of paragraphs can be hard , but I think in most cases we did a good job in getting our positions across clearly ( and of course backing them up with links to our policies ! ) .
With our responses , and those of the 9 other parties that took the time to respond 38 Degrees members were asked to rate each of the parties ' responses out of 5 based on how well they addressed their concerns about the issues ( All the responses are available from 38 Degrees ) . Now it 's important to note that the party names were removed , so it was just about the positions expressed . The result was a scorecard ranking all 10 parties on the issues :
Now obviously we were surprised to be ranked below Labour on Data Protection , maybe we should have been clearer ! Yet we scored higher than Labour on employment rights , an area where you would assume Labour would be strong - even if we do offer solid support for workers and Labour seem a little luke warm at times . But then the Liberal Democrats , and Labour appeared to score more highly than the Greens on Climate Change . It may well be that as parties closely associated with these issues , our responses were n't strong , we rely too much on perception and the belief that we make the case so often that we do n't have to do it again each time we are asked . We 'll certainly be working hard to remedy that . However , we thought you 'd like to see our replies too so they are included here :
Our responses
Question 1
How will MEPs from your party go about stopping the NHS , our welfare and the environment from being threatened by global trade agreements like the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) ?
Our Answer :
The Pirate Party opposes TTIP . The root cause of our objection is the secrecy around TTIP .
When coupled with a number of leaks that seem to suggest that the treaty will grant corporations and business interests benefits at the expense of consumers and citizens , it becomes clear that TTIP presents a real danger to society . We have additional problems with reported aspects of TTIP like ISDS and the possibility that the deal would be used to reduce measures intended to protect consumers .
The Pirate Party and its sister parties across Europe already took the lead to defeat ACTA .
You can take a look at our in depth look at TTIP here : < https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/campaigns/issues/ttip-trading-away-our-rights >
Question 2
What will MEPs from your party do to secure tougher regulations protecting bees from harmful pesticides ?
Our Answer :
As a party we rely on in evidence led policy making . Where there is evidence that pesticides or other chemicals , or indeed industrial or agricultural processes cause unacceptable harm to our environment and ecosystems we will act to ensure they are properly regulated or banned .
Where the EU is unable or unwilling to act , we will work to ensure that the UK acts appropriately
You can read more about our positions regarding the environment here : < https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/policy/environment/home >
Question 3
Will MEPs from your party work to secure tougher EU targets on CO2 reductions to help tackle climate change ?
Our Answer :
Yes . Our MEPs will work to ensure that we are dealing with environmental threats generally and the dangers posed by climate change specifically by either supporting or introducing the measures necessary to limit those threats .
We have a responsibility to people in the UK , Europe and across the world to act .
You can read more about our positions regarding the environment here : < https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/policy/environment/home >
Question 4
What will MEPs from your party do to strengthen employment rights protecting workers across the EU ?
Our Answer :
As a party we have a commitment to protect the right of everyone to protest , assemble and strike . That includes the right to join a union and work together to improve employees ' rights and working conditions .
At the same time we have committed to ensuring that maternity and paternity leave are fair , pensions are protected , and whistle-blowers are able to speak out as well as other employee protections .
Again , our party does n't think that the job of protecting workers and wider society is one for the EU alone , this is an area where the UK can and should act in the interests of its citizens and lead the way in Europe .
You can take a look at our social policy here : < https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/policy-areas/social-policy >
Question 5
How will MEPs from your party protect constituents ' privacy by ensuring tougher laws on data protection across the EU ?
Our Answer :
We will work hard for better data protection and to ensure that data is not shared without consent , nor shipped across borders to avoid regulation . One of the reasons the Pirate Party exists is to deal with digital rights , these issues have been part of our core since our foundation .
An overview of our commitment to protecting privacy is available as part of our civil liberties policy here : , https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/policy/civil-liberties/respect-privacy >
Question 6
What will MEPs from your party do to crack down on tax dodgers , ensuring everyone pays their fair share of tax ?
Our Answer :
At the EU level , the party would work to ensure that tax evasion and unintended tax avoidance is not made easier through EU regulation .
Broadly however , taxation is a national issue . Our commitment in the UK is that we will work to increase penalties for engaging in schemes aimed to evade tax unlawfully .
The penalty for tax evasion should be sufficiently punitive that getting caught outweighs the benefits of having engaged in evasion over a period of years .
Nationally the party would aim to bring in a Minister with a clear and specific responsibility for taxation , ensuring that it is absolutely clear where responsibility lies and preventing the kind of deals that HMRC have cut in recent years .
All of our policies are available here : https : //www.pirateparty.org.uk/policy
So , there you have it . I 'd like to thank 38 Degrees staff and members for their efforts in putting this together , if it gets a few people voting who might otherwise not have , or means a few more people take a look at party policies it will have been a great success . It is a shame that a number of parties did n't respond - it 's important that people know where parties stand , or how their candidates are going to represent them .
SAVANNAH , Georgia — Perhaps it was his excruciatingly convincing turn as Jerry Lundegaard , an in-over-his-head Minnesotan who hatches a plot to kidnap his own wife in Fargo , or his deep ties to Chicago playwright-cum-filmmaker David Mamet , or the Windy City dirtbag he plays on the Showtime series Shameless , but I was under the distinct impression that William H. Macy was a proud child of the Midwest .
Not so . Though born in Miami , Macy moved to Atlanta , Georgia , at the age of one , where his father , a highly decorated WWII fighter pilot , ran a construction company . He proceeded to move around Georgia quite a bit during his early years , with stints in Macon and Decatur , before the family settled down in Maryland when Macy was nine . So it was quite a thrill for him to shoot his new movie , Krystal , in Atlanta . “ We loved shooting there , in McDonough . The whole town embraced us , and they could n't have been nicer . We came down to Savannah for two days of shooting on the beach , too . I do love Savannah , ” he says .
We 're chatting in a tucked-away room at the 20th annual Savannah Film Festival , where Krystal is making its world premiere . It 's Macy 's third directorial effort , and far and away his most ambitious , telling the tale of a lost young man ( Nick Robinson ) who begins attending AA meetings so that he can get closer to a stripper he 's become infatuated with , played by Rosario Dawson . It 's a film that took Macy 12 years to bring to the screen and is , as Macy puts it , imbued with “ magical realism , ” as well as an all-star cast that includes Kathy Bates , Grant Gustin , T.I. , Macy , and his wife , Felicity Huffman .
And Macy , who is 67 , tells me he 's enjoying this new phase of his career , juggling film directing , acting , and serving as the demented Gallagher patriarch on Shameless .
“ I do n't think I 'll ever retire-retire , ” he tells me . “ I still have a full head of hair , although it 's almost all gray . But I 'm still healthy , and I 'll move into those elder-statesman roles . And sometimes they 're very good roles . ”
Over the course of our discussion , we touch on not only his incredible career , but also his strange connection to former Trump senior strategist Steve Bannon , and the disturbing wave of sexual assault allegations that have turned Hollywood upside down .
Krystal is a pretty wacky , eccentric tale : a young guy attending AA meetings to get closer to his stripper-crush . What drew you to this story ?
Rachel Winter produced it , Will Aldis wrote it , and Rachel had worked with Will for a while . Rachel sent it to me to act in , and when she sent it to me , I saw it so clearly—with the magical realism . I found it so legitimately theatrical and wacky , and yet it talked about addiction and fear . I just loved everything about it . This was 12 years ago , and this level of magical realism was sort of novel in films back then . So I got in touch with Rachel and said , “ What do you think about me directing it instead ? ” And so it began . We pushed this rock up the hill for 12 years . We were at the altar twice—within weeks of opening an office—and the financing fell out at the last minute . You can imagine how hard it is to pitch a movie like this !
“ It 's the shame of our industry that it took so long for this to blow up . ” — William H. Macy on the Harvey Weinstein allegations
Had you wanted to direct for some time ? Because you 've been writing since penning an episode of Thirtysomething in the early ‘ 90s .
Early on I wanted to . My writing partner is Steven Schachter . We wrote a bunch of TV—mostly movies of the week , some of them wildly successful . He 's a director , so I put it on hold . I will credit Krystal with re-sparking that urge to try to direct , because I saw it so clearly . It was such a complicated , delicate script .
Twenty years ago—1997—was a very big year for you . You had three excellent movies come out that year—Air Force One , Boogie Nights , and Wag the Dog—and you married the great Felicity Huffman .
Wow . And yes , I got married to her , which is the best move I 've ever made . The only thing I remember about it is my wedding . It was the year Felicity did Desperate Housewives that I think of as the craziest year . In one year , Housewives exploded and became an instantly iconic show . She did a film called Transamerica , which was just an amazing performance . So Felicity was in hair and makeup four nights a week for ten months . She got nominated for every single award , and some of them in two different categories , and she won a bunch of them . It was interesting for me to sit back and watch her go through that pressure . That was a rough year . It 's a good problem to have , do n't get me wrong , but boy it was a lot for her . And I was the plus-one .
You also executive produced Transamerica . Is it crazy now to think that Steve Bannon had a piece of such a groundbreaking trans film ? I believe his company Genius Products had a cut of the ancillary sales—DVD and home video .
You know , I heard that . I heard a whole story on NPR about his early film days . It 's pretty crazy . He was making money off a transgender movie and now he 's this . There are very few people in this world who have an ethic that they carry with them . People…change .
How are you just balancing everything career-wise ? You 're directing features now , you 're acting in films , you have a hit TV show in Shameless . Things seem rather busy .
The reality is , I 'm not working hard ! Although every night I 'm tired . Shameless takes half a year to shoot…
…Although Frank is sober this season , which seems a bit less crazy .
For a bit ! For about four or five episodes he is . My character gets a car , a credit card , and a job . Doing Shameless is a joy , and I 'll admit that when we get to Chicago for the last episode , people are knackered by that time . But Krystal was the last thing I directed , and that was two years ago . I did n't do anything last year . I 'm on hiatus now , and we do n't do anything for Shameless until May or June , so we may do Wild Hogs 2 ! Tim Allen is trying to put that together , and I think he 's pretty close . I 'm ready to act again .
Speaking of Shameless , it 's funny that you play scoundrels so often because off-screen you have a reputation for being the nicest guy . Do you think that plays into it ? That it seems so antithetical to everything that you are ?
I 've gone through different periods in my life . I was the callow youth when I first got in the business , and almost always ended up getting punched in the mouth , knocked unconscious and weeping . Then I was the WASPy guy who was in over his head . I really have a great debt to John Wells for giving me the role in Shameless . It was n't the obvious choice , because he 's kind of a dangerous guy who 's so extroverted and in-your-face . But after I did Fargo , it was my fear that I would just do that role for the rest of my life—which happens to a lot of actors .
I enjoyed The Cooler but also felt like that was you really reaching the apex of the “ loser ” character . After that , did you feel as though you were done playing that guy ?
Yeah . Definitely . I thought that before The Cooler . I made a rule : “ no more losers , ” and turned The Cooler down so many times . Wayne Kramer , who directed it , and Ed Pressman , who produced it , I kept saying “ no ! ” and they kept saying , “ Just look at it ! ” And after a while I thought , “ You know what , they 're right . This is a great film and that was sort of an arbitrary decision I 'd made to no longer play losers . This is one of the best loser roles ever. ” So , I 'm so glad I did it . But it was around the time of The Cooler that I thought “ no more losers . ”
You mentioned Transamerica earlier , which you executive produced and is a Harvey Weinstein film . And you 've done a few Harvey films in your day—including Happy Texas , Bobby , etc . All of these sexual assault allegations are shocking , and have put the industry as a whole under the microscope . What were your dealings like with Harvey ?
He was a handful .
Many men in the industry are saying that they knew he was a tyrant and a bully but were n't aware of the extent of his sexual predation .
Of course people knew . A lot of people knew . A lot of people knew . It 's the shame of our industry that it took so long for this to blow up . You know , I 'm going to miss Harvey in a way . There are two Harveys : there 's the Harvey who 's abusive to women , and the Harvey who would make films that no other producer would touch , and would champion those films . The same aggressiveness that he brought to chasing women is the same aggressiveness that he brought to pushing these films . When you think of it in the macro , these guys who are so driven , so smart , and they become so powerful , and they 've got egos that are outsized—you have to have that to be Harvey Weinstein . You have to be the toughest dog on the block . So , we need no ghost from the grave to think that they 're going to be rough on women , and to take advantage of that . It 's a power thing , and it 's just so wrong .
What makes me saddest is that a lot of these women , when they were propositioned by producers—where it 's put this way : if you want the job , you 'll have an affair with me—they did n't get mad , they were crushed . It destroyed their belief in themselves that this asshole had done this .
Not to be cliché , but these people are chasing a dream . Many of them moved to L.A. to act , and then this horrifying thing is your entrée into this world .
Exactly . And somebody says , “ No , no , no . All you are is pretty. ” That 's just devastating . That 's the saddest part of it : that it was so insidious that people could n't speak out angrily about it until years later .
And some of the victims—Gwyneth Paltrow , Angelina Jolie—these are people who are well-connected in the industry . Gwyneth Paltrow 's parents are actors , and her godfather is Steven Spielberg . Angelina Jolie 's father is Jon Voight . It could have happened to anyone and there seemed to be very little in the way of recourse .
That 's true . And in all candor , stuff that happened in my grandfather 's day is illegal now . We 're kind of in the dark ages still when it comes to how to treat women .
You and Felicity have two young daughters . With all the terrible sexual-abuse stories that have come out , what do you say to them if they tell you they want to be Hollywood actresses ?
Well , the business is evolving and as painful as this is , all these charges of sexual predation that are being thrown around , it had to happen . So my daughters , yeah , we can put a pin in that . I pity the poor fool that hits on my daughter , Georgia . She 'll knock his teeth out . It 's a different generation , you know ? Things are evolving . My daughters are healthier than I ever was . I 'm so glad I have daughters .
On a far lighter note , how did you ring in your 20th anniversary with Felicity ? Did you go on a trip ?
We did ! We went to Colorado , just the two out of us—out in Aspen , where Felicity grew up . We spent a few days alone . We took a hike . It was lovely . I love being married to her . I love it pretty much every single day . She 's so fun . She 's crazy about me . She 's so sexy . It 's really the best decision I 've ever made .
The economic position that the United States is now in is the result of a series of economic bubbles . To explain the nature of bubbles , I 'm going to start by talking about their history ; I 'm not going to go all the way back to Tulip Mania and John Law , but I do want to mention some things from the Roaring Twenties that might sound familiar to us today .
Over the eight-year period of that boom , the money supply increased by 62 percent . All kinds of new appliances and gadgets were sold : refrigerators , phonographs , electric irons , toasters , and vacuum cleaners . Many more cars were built — more than twice as many in 1929 than in 1919 . More and more leisure activities became popular . More hotels were built , as were more roadside diners . There was an explosion of movie theaters , and of developments in Hollywood . Professional sports became a big business . Skyscrapers such as the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building were started . There was a speculative boom in Florida real estate . The stock market boomed . Hoover promised a chicken in every pot . I do n't know what Obama 's going to promise — maybe pot in every kitchen .
I always talk about the economics of booms and bubbles in the framework that Murray Rothbard outlined in his great book , What Has Government Done To Our Money . He points out that inflation confers no general social benefit . Just creating more money does not create more benefit for the general public . It merely redistributes wealth to the first people to receive the new money .
Since 1998 , the money supply ( as measured by M2 ) has doubled . In fact , it has increased elevenfold since 1971 , when we gave up the last ties of the gold standard . So we have an expansion in the money supply now that is similar to what we had during the Roaring Twenties . We also have a series of bubbles : a tech bubble , then a real-estate bubble — all part of what Bill Fleckenstein calls `` Operation Enduring Bubble . '' Of course , inflation and the resulting bubbles have disastrous economic effects . But in Human Action , Mises wrote that
The boom produces impoverishment . But still more disastrous are its moral ravages . It makes people despondent and dispirited . The more optimistic they were under the illusory prosperity of the boom , the greater is their despair and their feeling of frustration . The individual is always ready to ascribe his good luck to his own efficiency and to take it as a well-deserved reward for his talent , application , and probity . But reverses of fortune he always charges to other people , and most of all to the absurdity of social and political institutions . He does not blame the authorities for having fostered the boom . He reviles them for the inevitable collapse .
That is exactly what most people are doing today . They 're blaming Wall Street . Everyone congratulated themselves when their homes were doubling in value . Everybody thought they were smart to pick those stocks in their 401 ( k ) plans . But now that the bubble has popped , it 's all Wall Street 's fault .
I spent 22 years in banking in Las Vegas — I guess that means I was somewhat in the bubble business myself . There was a couple in Las Vegas : the gentleman was a house painter and his wife was a hairdresser . One day , a lady came in to get her hair done . The hairdresser mentioned to her , `` Gee , you know , I 'm really interested in getting into real estate . '' This was 2004 , at the height of the real-estate bubble in Vegas .
– Ludwig von Mises `` The individual is always ready to ascribe his good luck to his own efficiency… . But reverses of fortune he always charges to other people… . ''
Well , the woman getting her hair done said , `` Boy , have I got the person for you . My husband 's a realtor , and he 's a mortgage broker ; he can find you tenants ; he can do the whole thing , soup to nuts . '' The painter and the hairdresser had a combined income of $ 60,000 . Nonetheless , they felt at the time that they were capable of buying seven homes . Of course , the guy who was a real-estate salesman and a mortgage broker found them not only one no-money-down loan ; he found them seven no-money-down loans . And it just so happens that the broker 's wife was also a mortgage-loan processor . It really was a one-stop shop .
So the painter and the hairdresser bought the seven houses , taking on a debt of $ 2.6 million . And the real-estate broker said , `` You know , you 've made a great investment because , based on my calculations about where real estate 's going to go in Las Vegas , within five years you 're going to have home equity of $ 1.3 million . '' Well , you already know how this turns out .
Their monthly debt payment was $ 5,772 . If you take their $ 60,000 , and divide it by 12 , you get $ 5,000 ; so their payments were more than their gross income between the two of them . So they took on $ 2.6 million worth of debt , with the hopes that the properties would be worth $ 4.4 million within a couple of years . That assumption meant that the price of those seven homes had to reach $ 286 per square foot . Now , I can tell you that those homes in Vegas today are selling for less than $ 86 a square foot .
You might think that , in the end , these folks just filed bankruptcy , and learned a lesson — `` Well , I guess we are n't as smart as we thought we were . '' No . They sued . They sued the realtor , who was of course the mortgage broker , whose wife was the mortgage-loan processor .
That story really captures what Mises was talking about in Human Action . In a boom , when it 's going well , we all feel really smart ; we believe that all the good things that seem to be happening are our own doing . Then , afterwards , when things do n't work out , we blame it all on other people .
The Illusion of Efficiency
During a boom , inflation distorts business calculations . Entire business plans are built on a boom , based on the ability of people to borrow and consume . Look at the recent bankruptcies that we 've had : Circuit City , Sharper Image , Goodies , Gottschalks , CompUSA , and Levitz Furniture . In Vegas , Herbst Gaming has already gone bankrupt , and now even the Riviera is talking about it . All these business plans that seemed like a good idea in the boom did n't work out . The most obvious effects this time around are in real estate . We all know about real estate .
What you may not realize is there is still more excess real estate coming online . There are 93,000 high-rise condos coming online this year . That 's a 28 percent increase in the US inventory of high-rises . When you build a big tall cylinder , it 's not like you can quit halfway up . You 've got to go all the way . It may have seemed like a good idea during the boom , but now you have to finish it during the bust . There are these 93,000 condos ; 12,000 of those are in New Jersey and New York ( I do n't think they 're creating a whole lot of new jobs in New York right now ) 4,000 of them are in Vegas ; 5,500 in Chicago ; and 3,500 in Florida . So we 'll see more and more real-estate fallout .
The main difficulty is getting people to close on real-estate purchases . This is a problem even if you 're The Donald . Donald Trump built a nice tower in Las Vegas , and it was completely sold out within days . However , now that the project is ready for people to move in , he 's only closed 25 percent of his sales . He 's been quoted as saying , `` We 're really doing very well in Vegas , if you take into account that Vegas is in a depression . '' That 's keeping the sunny side up , I would say .
I read in the Wall Street Journal recently that the downturn will be less severe because the service economy is more stable than farming was during the Great Depression . And I thought , that does n't make sense . That would mean that the masseuses and blackjack dealers are more likely to keep their job than the farmers — the people who grow food ? It seems crazy , but that 's what people are talking about .
During a boom , inflation creates illusory profits and distorts economic calculation . What the free market does best is penalize the inefficient and reward the efficient . But when you get a boom , the rising tide lifts all boats . I used to have borrowers who built houses . They were continually over budget and never got anything done on time . But during the boom , were they penalized ? No , because the price went up over time . In fact , they thought they were doing the right thing ; they were smart by being over budget , and taking an extra six months to build a house — the price went up ! Well , that 's not what 's supposed to happen , and in the end , the bust penalized them .
Because of these illusory profits , everybody wants to get in on the boom . Everyone thinks they can do everything . My favorite example is that doctors become real-estate developers . You go into a doctor and all he wants to talk about is his real-estate project .
Furthermore , during inflation , the quality of work goes down . Everyone tries to manufacture products as quickly as they can . There 's no emphasis on how long things will last . That was certainly the case with new houses in Arizona , California , and Nevada .
In general , people become enamored with get-rich-quick schemes . In fact , entire countries have done this with the collateralized debt obligation ( CDO ) market . Iceland , for instance , has become one big hedge fund . And now we 're going to have entire countries go broke .
People scorn sober effort in favor of getting in on the house-flipping craze . Bartenders become real-estate agents and mortgage brokers . I remember a guy in the locker room at the country club , talking on the phone , telling somebody that he was on the list to buy a home at nine different new home tracts . That was whole his business plan . If he got on the initial waiting list , it was certain that immediately after each home was built he was going to be able to flip it and make 50 or 100 thousand dollars . He planned on becoming a millionaire just like that .
I had a borrower who was a real-estate developer . We went to dinner one night , and he brought his girlfriend . I asked , `` Harry , how 'd you meet your girlfriend ? ''
`` Well , '' he said , `` I was driving through our project one night and I saw a girl jumping over a fence , looking at the homes . '' It turns out that she was a schoolteacher and she wanted to buy a home , but did n't have time to tour the models during the day .
`` When you build a big tall cylinder , it 's not like you can quit halfway up . ''
Of course , by the time I met Harry 's girlfriend at dinner , she was not a schoolteacher anymore . She was now selling real estate for Harry . Is that any wonder in Vegas , during the boom ? There were 17,700 real-estate agents : one for every 100 people in the city . It was hard not to have a bunch of friends who were selling real estate . Nowadays , one in every 60 homes in Las Vegas is in foreclosure . Those two numbers are probably connected somehow .
During a boom , everybody also wants to get involved in banks . Investing in new start-up banks was a craze all over the country . Investors in small community banks in Las Vegas made a lot of money . So everyone just assumed that once you got your bank opened , it would be worth one and a half times what you put in it . And by the time you showed a profit , your investment would have doubled . By 2006 , there were 17 new banks in Nevada , and 50 in California , seeking regulatory approval . I remember being in Phoenix , Arizona , on a business trip , and stumbling on an ad in a business journal that said , `` Start Your Own Bank . ''
Inflationary booms penalize thrift and reward debt . The most poignant story about this is a man named Scott Coles , who was a hard-money lender in Phoenix , Arizona . He had a huge operation that he had inherited from his father . Hard money is lending money — that investors have actually saved — to real-estate developers who ca n't get bank finance . Lenders like Mr. Coles can generally charge 10 to 15 percent for these loans . The banks may be a lot cheaper , but the hard-money lenders are a lot easier to deal with . At that time , Phoenix real estate became so overheated that people were borrowing on their home-credit lines at 5 percent , in order to turn around and lend hard money at ten percent , to play the arbitrage . Of course , this all did n't work out : the projects did n't get done ; the loans did n't get paid back ; and , unfortunately , Mr. Coles committed suicide .
Inflation also lowers the general standard of living . In the very course of creating a tinsel atmosphere of prosperity , people have to work harder . They have to have two-income families just to keep up . We all think we 're doing better : we 're buying more stuff , and we 're buying bigger houses to put our stuff in . But we 're really getting less prosperous , and that 's what inflation does during a boom .
Mises wrote ,
If the crisis were ruthlessly permitted to run its course , bring about the destruction of enterprises which were unable to meet their obligations , then all entrepreneurs — not only banks but also other businessmen — would exhibit more caution in granting and using credit in the future . Instead , public opinion approves of giving assistance in the crisis . Then , no sooner is the worst over than the banks are spurred on to a new expansion of circulation credit .
And that 's where we are today . That 's exactly what the Obama administration , and Ben Bernanke at the Fed , are trying to do .
There was a Treasury secretary , once upon a time , in 1929 , named Andrew Mellon . He said to Herbert Hoover ,
Liquidate labor , liquidate stocks , liquidate the farmers , liquidate real estate.… It will purge the rottenness of the system . High costs of living and high living will come down . People will work harder , live a more moral life . Values will be adjusted , and enterprising people will pick up from less competent people .
Herbert Hoover did not listen to Andrew Mellon . And believe me , Tim Geithner is no Andrew Mellon .
may follow example of Al Gore and go into environmentalism after office
The US President had invited British naturalist Sir David Attenborough for
Barack Obama could be set to follow in the footsteps of former Vice President turned environmentalist Al Gore when he leaves office , a veteran naturalist has claimed .
The US President showed his commitment to tackling climate change during a private audience with British TV presenter Sir David Attenborough .
Sir David said he had come away from the meeting feeling that Obama was 'very much in favour of dealing with climate change ' but got the sense he was 'wondering what he 's going to do next ' .
Scroll down for video
Barack Obama ( left ) could be set to follow in the footsteps of former Vice President turned environmentalist Al Gore ( right ) when he leaves office , it has been revealed
Obama is currently in his second and final term of office which will come to an end in January 2017 .
Veteran documentary maker Sir David believes the president may follow the example of Al Gore who received a Nobel Peace Prize for his work tackling climate change after he stepped down from office under President Clinton .
'Vice-presidents have done it so why should n't presidents , ' he said .
Former Vice President Al Gore had been involved with environmental issues since the 1970s .
But after losing out to George Bush as the Democratic Party 's presidential candidate in the 2000 , he decided to leave politics to become an environmental activist .
He went on to found a number of non-profit organisations including the Alliance for Climate Protection and received a Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for his work in climate change .
Sir David said he had been 'astonished ' to receive the invitation to Washington , which came about after Obama heard about his award-winning series Rise of Animals : Triumph of Vertebrates that aired in the States last month .
The half hour meeting was held in the Blue Room of the White House where he and Obama discussed climate change and conservation .
The US President showed his commitment to tacklin climate change during a private audience with veteran naturalist Sir David Attenborough
Sir David said : 'He wanted to make it clear that he was not a philistine in this matter .
'He is on the side of the natural world and that 's what he wanted to be clear .
'And that 's against some very powerful voices that are in the US which are not in favour of the natural world . '
Sir David added that he was convinced the President was committed to the cause but added that 'of course , as we also know , he is coming to the end of his last Presidency ' .
Just last month , at the Coast Guard Academy commencement , Obama pledged to tackle climate change which he called 'one of the most severe threats ' to America and 'an immediate risk to our national security '
The 89-year-old TV presenter added that the meeting with one of the most powerful men in the world was a 'great privilege ' but admitted he was still 'truly baffled ' as to why the President wanted to meet him .
'He invited me to go to Washington . He sent me a ticket . I was astonished , I do n't understand it . '
He added that Obama told him he was a fan and enjoyed watching his wildlife documentaries .
San Francisco 49ers running back Jarryd Hayne tosses the ball at a football rookie minicamp at an NFL facility in Santa Clara , Calif. , Friday , May 15 , 2015 .
JTA - Jarryd Hayne is an Australian rugby star trying to make an unusual transition to the NFL as a potential member of the San Francisco 49ers .
He also seems to be trying to stir up a millennia-old anti-Semitic debate .
“ Jesus wanted to help people but was killed by his own people , ” Hayne tweeted on July 1 . A day later he added : “ The Jews were the people who took him [ Jesus ] to the Romans n [ sic ] forced them to give the order because they could n't . ”
Hayne deleted the tweets on Friday .
“ It 's a pity that Mr. Hayne is so ill-informed that he does n't know that in 1965 the Vatican rejected this charge , ” Dvir Abramovich , chairman of Australia 's B'nai B'rith Anti-Defamation Commission , told the Australian Jewish News .
Hayne , 27 , has been one of the best rugby players in his country for years . He is currently trying to earn a spot on the San Francisco 49ers , likely as a kick returner .
In 1965 , the Vatican issued the Nostra Aetate , which officially stated that the Jews were not responsible for the death of Jesus .
Image copyright SPL
Carers should spend at least 30 minutes on home visits to older people in England as part of a new gold standard for services , new guidance says .
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance follows reports of carers making visits of 15 minutes and less .
NICE recommends a package of measures , which also includes ensuring people 's carers are not changed too frequently .
But it acknowledged extra money would be needed to fund the measures .
Earlier this week , 20 organisations , including charities , care providers and the NHS , published a joint submission to the Treasury ahead of the government 's Spending Review in November to urge ministers to protect social care as it is being done for the NHS .
What is home care ?
The term covers services provided in people 's homes , such as help with washing , dressing and eating
Unlike NHS services , people have to pay for care , with only the poorest receiving state help , funded and organised by local councils
About 500,000 people in England currently receive home care - with over 70 % of those getting contributions from councils
Another 1.5 million rely on family and friends for support
Find out more about care at the BBC 's cost of care website .
Use the BBC 's care calculator to find out how much care costs where you live .
This is the first time NICE has issued guidance to the social care sector - it has traditionally focused on NHS services .
But its remit has been extended as part of a growing recognition that social care services - care homes and home help funded by councils - have a direct impact on the NHS .
The guidance recommends :
no visits of less than 30 minutes , except for follow-ups to a longer visit earlier in the day , for example to check if someone has taken medicine
ensuring people know their carers , using the same ones as much as possible
carers be trained to recognise and respond to health problems such as dementia and diabetes
greater coordination between the NHS and care services
older people be told in advance if their carer is going to be late or not turn up - and plans put in place for those at risk
NICE deputy chief executive Prof Gillian Leng said good quality home care could actually save money as it was less expensive than `` care homes or hospitals '' .
`` Without good support , older people can suffer from social isolation , malnutrition or neglect , '' she said .
`` They may also be at risk of injuring themselves , perhaps from a fall or other accident . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Paul Cuskin : `` The carer started coming later and going home earlier , and on occasion just not turning up at all ''
UK Homecare Association chief executive Bridget Warr , who chaired the group of experts behind the guidance , said while some elements of the guidance would not cost extra , more money was needed to afford what was being recommended .
`` We can not duck the issue , '' she added .
A Local Government Association spokeswoman said : `` Sadly , the rise in short visits is just one of the symptoms of a social care and support system that is under enormous financial pressure . ''
The government said spending plans would be set out in November , but it pointed out that social care would benefit from extra investment in the NHS as a dedicated pot had been set aside to help joined up care between the two sectors .
Care Minister Alistair Burt said he wanted to see the sector provide `` great care '' .
`` This guidance will not only provide reassurance for countless families who rely on this care but for the thousands of workers who want the time and support to be able to give people the care they deserve , '' he said .
For a young designer , the ball can have a kind of Cinderella effectcome as a commoner , leave as a princess . This is what happened to Behnaz Sarafpour , who is a particular favorite of Wintour 's . When she first attended two years ago , she dressed Selma Blair in a signature gold-and-white tulle dress . It turned out to be one of the evening 's most photographed dresses . She stepped out of the car , literally one foot out of the limo , and I could hear the photographers screaming like it was the Super Bowl or something ,  Sarafpour recalls . I 've never witnessed anything like that in my life. It took them half an hour just to make it up the museum steps ( Sarafpour timed it ) . She got calls about the dress for a year , and it eventually wound up in an exhibit on Hollywood glamour at FIT .
To facilitate such moments , Talley serves as a kind of fashion consigliere . This year he helped fit Fifth Avenue socialite Patricia Altschul into a Chanel from the exclusive Los Angeles vintage shop Lily et Cie. It 's the most extraordinary , fabulous , incredible dress , from Karl Lagerfeld 's second collection , when he went to Chanel in 1983 ,  Talley says . It cost a fortune , and Pat came to the Duke Diet & Fitness Centerwhere Talley himself was a recent client ( he lost 28 pounds ) and she lost five pounds , and went back to California and tried the dress on , and it fits perfectly . She has gone to that length to be dressed properly for the evening.
In his role as de facto host and style adviser , Talley accompanies Anna Wintour and her daughter , Bee , to fittings ( Chanel for the senior ; Rochas for the junior ) and traditionally walks them up the steps at the Met . This year he reserved an Alexander McQueen gown for Melania Trump ( Trump insists that she found the dress first , but why quibble ? ) and counseled Andre 3000 . Tom Ford suggested he call me , and I suggested to him a diamond bow tie , from Fred Leighton , with real diamonds from the twenties . I wanted to wear it , but I said I would let him wear it if he wanted to , because I have so much respect for his music. ( In the end , neither will be wearing that much bling . At least not around their necks . )
I n the eyes of many at Vogue , the most dangerous of last year 's liaisons was with the riffraff that invaded after dinner . The dance , according to Wintour , had lost its glamour. Wolkoff translates : People were n't dressing.
In the words of socialite Celerie Kemble , it was a real ratfuck. And when the unwashed flowed in ( one guest had interpreted the Dangerous Liaisons theme to mean a giant , conical Vietnamese peasant hat ) , the famous and rich and beautiful called their limos and went home .
The solutionsometimes party planning is a lot like rocket sciencewas to pick the six richest , prettiest girls in New York and appoint them dance chairs . Choosing the sixa Trump , a Safrawas simple enough .
They 're the girls !  says Wolkoff , shrugging . They love fashion , they love events.
And they each had a number of friendsunder the age of 32willing to shell out $ 400 a ticket . There 's even a waiting list .
The only people who have said no are out of town ,  says Lauren Davis . My phone has been ringing off the hook . Everyone wants to know what to wear . I 'm just saying something Chanel , or something fabulous.
23-year old medical student Zheng Gang died of a heart attack while trying to produce a sperm sample at China 's Wuhan University . Apparently it was Zheng 's fourth donation in just over a week . That ... wow , that 's very generous donating . Some real philanthropy . Donating blood that often will probably kill you too . No word how many donations he wasted at home during the same time , but my guess is in the thousands .
Worried workers had accessed his private booth when they realised he had spent two hours inside .
It was his fourth visit in just over a week and he had reportedly been using sexy magazines to help him . The incident was revealed after Mr Gang 's family took the sperm bank to court claiming they were responsible for his death in January 2011 . The court dismissed the action saying Zheng was mature enough to make his own decisions .
First of all , yes , a 23-year old is old enough to make his own decisions and you ca n't very well sue a sperm bank for his death . You might as well try to sue the model in the 'sexy magazine ' he was looking at . Your titties killed my son ! Also , nobody wants to die with their penis in their hand . Even worse than dying with your penis in your hand ? Dying with three penises in your hands because those other dudes are probably gon na be FREAKING OUT .
Thanks to whoever sent me this whose email I could n't fine again , who 's inspired me to take it easy with my wiener next time .
Greater New Haven schools confident in complying with federal transgender bathroom policies
In a memo sent to Connecticut superintendents of schools this past week , state Commissioner of Education Dianna R. Wentzell said providing transgender students with a safe and healthful learning environment is urgent , even if it is n't new .
“ Protecting the rights of transgender students is not a new idea in Connecticut . Legislation passed in 2011 ... added gender identity and expression to the state 's antidiscrimination statute , ” she wrote .
Wentzell 's memo comes almost a week after the U.S. Department of Justice and U.S. Department of Education released a “ Dear Colleague ” letter offering guidance to schools on how to stay within their legal obligations and to honor the civil rights of transgender students . The federal letter reminds educators that schools receiving federal funds agree under the conditions of Title IX not to discriminate on the basis of sex .
“ The Departments treat a student 's gender identity as the student 's sex for purposes of Title IX and its implementing regulations , ” the letter says .
Several Connecticut school superintendents said that , although their districts lack any official policy on protections for transgender students , safety and privacy for all students is a priority .
New Haven Superintendent of Schools Garth Harries said a formal discussion on the civil rights of transgender students has not come up at the Board of Education level .
“ It has come up at some of our schools , and our actions are in line with the guidance of the Department of Education , ” Harries said . “ It 's not something we 've discussed as a board , but we will review the guidelines carefully and with consideration . ”
Harries said that , since joining the district in 2009 , privacy and protections for transgender students have been handled on an individual basis within transgender students ' schools .
Typhanie Jackson , director of student services and a district executive , said from the moment a student identifies as transgender the district must treat the student consistent with his or her gender identity under the recommendations .
“ It 's really individual and student-specific , because we would want to follow the guidance of that student and make sure we 're protecting the rights of all students involved , ” she said .
Jackson said she knows of instances where students are allowed access to a bathroom facility classified as gender neutral -- whether it be a bathroom for nurses , staff or the principal .
Jackson said she was personally unaware of any instances where students requested to have their name changed on official academic records , although she said there was a chance it has happened . Jackson said that , under FERPA , parents and eligible students may make a request to have their name changed , regardless of legal name changes .
“ Our school wide information system usually has a flag if there were some sorts of discrepancy , but I have not heard of such happening , ” she said . Jackson said she was unaware how such a chance would affect a transgender student taking a standardized test such as the SAT .
East Haven Superintendent of Schools Portia Bonner said her district has long viewed protections for transgender students within the boundaries of Title IX .
“ We probably will update our policies to be sure we do recognize ( transgender students ) as an identified group that could be discriminated against , but most of our policies are already inclusive of this body of students , ” she said .
Bonner said the district 's schools have locker rooms and bathrooms constructed with student privacy in mind , and her district follows Connecticut Interscholastic Athletic Conference policies with regard to sports teams .
Karissa Niehoff , executive director of the CIAC , told the Associated Press that transgender students have been allowed to play on teams matching their gender identity since 2013 , and the policy has been applied to teams on several occasions since then .
West Haven Superintendent of Schools Neil Cavallaro said questions of accommodations for transgender students have arisen within his district , and he believes the district does not need to make any changes to “ the way we 're doing business ” to provide a safe environment for its students .
“ We probably at some point should adopt a formal policy , but at this point we address the needs of our students , ” he said . “ We 're a diverse school district to start with , with many different languages and many different cultures , and in my opinion we do a really good job of trying to understand the needs of our students and families . ”
Cavallaro said he would prefer to address cases individually to best accommodate students .
“ Whatever the case may be , we want to make sure it 's handled appropriately , ” he said .
In Middletown , Superintendent of Schools Patricia Charles said the schools allow students to use any sex-segregated space corresponding with their gender identity .
Charles said she does not anticipate the letter will change how Middletown schools deal with transgender students , because she said it is her belief the schools already address their concerns appropriately .
“ As we get more information , we will comply with any regulations , ” she said .
Charles said transgender students might request additional privacy than what a public bathroom provides , which school principals negotiate with students . She said Colleen Weiner , principal of Middletown High School , tells teachers and staff that they must keep an open dialogue with students and that any transgender students have their full support .
“ Generally , what happens is the student has to tell administration about their gender identification , and they meet with the principal , ” Charles said . “ There are specific regulations for how and when you ( change administrative records ) . ”
Charles said that , when confronted with transgender students coming forward with a new name and pronouns , the district has taken the initiative to change student records to reflect the student 's gender identity .
“ It 's not a situation kids have entered into lightly , ” Charles said . “ The situations we 've dealt with this is a serious consideration and not something that happens quickly . ”
Bob Rader , executive director for the Connecticut Association of Boards of Education , said his organization has done policy work on transgender issues before , similar to the guidelines issued by the federal government .
“ You can not discriminate on the basis of a person 's gender identity , and we have not heard much in Connecticut about this being a problem in any school districts , ” Rader said . “ Frankly , we do n't get very many calls on this , and I think Connecticut is way ahead of many other states in how we deal with these issues . ”
Rader said sex-segregated locker rooms “ have been somewhat of a concern , but usually they can be worked out between the school district and child , and maybe the parents of the child . ”
Rader is the father of a transgender son , Dusty Rader , who came out in the beginning of his senior year at Glastonbury High School . Dusty Rader now works as a teacher in Connecticut .
Dusty Rader said he was involved in his school 's Gay/Straight Alliance for several years and took advantage of a school panel on coming out to officially come out as transgender . He said he did not experience much resistance , although he believes the public nature of his announcement might have shielded him from any potential repercussions .
“ They handled it well and let me call my own shots , ” Dusty Rader said .
All the same , Dusty Rader said , as he learned to live publicly in his identity , he brought several concerns to the school administration .
“ At my graduation , they had a rule then where boys wore blue robes and girls wear white , and I ordered my white robe before coming out and I emailed the principal that if I had to wear my white robe , I would n't walk at graduation , ” Dusty Rader said . “ I do n't think they could 've handled it much better . ”
As far as the bathroom issue , Dusty Rader said his workaround was to avoid the bathroom altogether , opting for a solo handicapped-accessible bathroom when they were made available .
“ I did n't want to find out what would happen , ” he said . “ It 's a very private moment , and transgender people are no different : They do n't want anyone intruding on their space . ”
Dusty Rader said schools catering to students who may feel uncomfortable sharing a bathroom with another transgender student are prioritizing one set of beliefs over a student 's identity .
“ It 's not that these schools do n't want to help , but I do n't feel that they grasp the vastness of the difficulty of being transgender , ” he said . “ A lot of the time when kids feel unsafe , they ca n't learn . ”
According to Wentzell 's memo to district superintendents , the state Department of Education is looking for ways to define a formal policy for schools to apply to transgender students .
“ We are in the process of reviewing the federal guidance and thinking about ways the state can continue to support school districts in creating and implementing policies that ensure protections for all students , including transgender students , ” she wrote .
Sirsa : Police with recovered cartons of firecrackers and explosive materials
Two secret tunnels and an illegal explosives factory were found inside the premises of the Dera Sacha Sauda headquarters near Haryana 's Sirsa town on Saturday on Day 2 of the search by security forces and authorities .
The search operation of the Dera premises continued on Saturday with hundreds of security personnel and local administration involved in the exercise . Curfew continued in the area around the sprawling Dera campus . `` The search had revealed an illegal factory inside the premises . A case has been registered against the Dera , '' Haryana government spokesman Satish Mishra said in Sirsa .
The Dera management , in its defence , told officials that the explosives material was used to make fire crackers . Mishra said that two secret tunnels were also found inside the Dera campus .
One of the tunnels linked the 'gufa ' ( cave ) , a huge pink coloured building that was the ultra-luxury home of the rape-convicted sect chief , to the hostel meant for female disciples ( sadhvis ) . He said the matter was being investigated . The second tunnel led to a mud path which looked like a secret escape route opening out about five km away .
According to sources , the search teams had also found hundreds of pairs of shoes , designer clothes and colourful caps of the disgraced sect chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh , who was convicted on two counts of rape of female disciples on August 25 .
The search operation to sanitise the sect premises started on Friday amid tight security with a few computers , a luxury SUV and currency notes being seized . The media was kept at some distance from the Dera premises .
Vehicles of the search team move towards Dera HQs on second day of ops
JCB machines , locksmiths , forensic experts and dog squads were called in on Friday to assist in the comprehensive search . Internet services in Sirsa district were suspended by authorities on Friday till September 10 . The search was being conducted under the supervision of Court Commissioner AK Pawar appointed by the Punjab and Haryana High Court .
Senior district administration and police officers , along with paramilitary forces and Haryana Police , were involved in the videographed operation around the sprawling 700-acre campus . Duty magistrates were appointed for various zones of the Dera .
Officials from the Police , Revenue , Health , Education , Tourism and other departments are involved in the operation . Bomb disposal squads and commandos were also deployed as a preventive measure . All roads leading to the headquarters from Sirsa and nearby places were sealed .
The Dera is spread over two campuses , 600 acres and over 100 acres respectively , about eight km from Sirsa and 260 km from Chandigarh . It houses a stadium , a hospital , educational institutions , luxury resort , bungalows and markets . Hundreds of people and sect followers permanently live and work in the mini-township .
Dera Sacha Sauda
The premises , where the sect chief lived , known as the `` gufa '' ( cave ) , is itself spread over an area of nearly 100 acres . It is said to have ultra-luxury facilities . The campus has palatial bungalows of his other family members , none of whom are in the premises since August 25 .
Ram Rahim was convicted in the 1999 rape cases by a CBI special court in Panchkula on August 25 . He was later sentenced to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment and is lodged in the District Jail at Sunaria near Rohtak . His conviction led to violence in Panchkula and Sirsa in Haryana , leaving 38 people dead and 264 injured . Isolated incidents of violence were also reported from Delhi and several other places in Punjab .
Introducing the New Whitepaper for the Dai Stablecoin System
MakerDAO Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 9 , 2017
It has been nearly 3 years since MakerDAO was first announced alongside the first iteration of the stablecoin Dai ( formerly called eDollar ) .
We have reached a major milestone , and are very excited to share that Maker and Dai will be officially launching on the Ethereum Mainnet December 17 . Today , we are releasing a white paper which describes the exact design and features that you can look forward to on Dai launch , as well as a roadmap for the future of Dai .
The new , updated whitepaper can be found here :
https : //makerdao.com/whitepaper/
This post is to highlight the specific changes that you can look forward to with the final Dai design . We also share insights into which early Dai features are temporary and will be upgraded at a later date .
1 USD soft peg
When Dai was first announced , it was actually called eDollar and was meant to always be pegged to 1 USD . After a while we decided that the USD peg should only be temporary , later to be replaced by something that 's guaranteed to be stable forever , regardless of the outlook of the US economy . To emphasize this change , the stablecoin was renamed Dai .
Dai will initially launch with a 1:1 USD peg . In the event of extreme market factors ( such as a permanent imbalance between Dai holders and CDP holders ) , we have included a mechanism that can be activated in the short term , and allows the system to sustain itself in such conditions . This is called the Target Rate Feedback Mechanism , and activating it will move the Dai off the 1:1 USD peg without causing further disruption to the system .
We are actively researching and designing our own dynamic , low-volatility currency basket that performs better than both USD and SDR in terms of average volatility against world currencies . Thus , the plan is to move off the USD peg at some point the future .
When Dai moves away from being USD pegged , the role of USD pegged stablecoin will be replaced by a second-layer stablecoin that will be pegged 1:1 with USD and backed by Dai as collateral . There will of course also be other second-layer , Dai-backed stablecoins pegged to major fiat currencies , such as Euro , Pound , Yen and so on .
Single-Collateral Dai vs Multi-Collateral Dai
The Dai deployment that will launch on December 17 is a modified version of the prototype stablecoin system known as Sai . Basing the first version of Dai on the Sai codebase means that we can launch Dai much faster , and with higher confidence in its security , but it also means that there are a number of differences that will need to be upgraded later .
The biggest difference between the initial version , called Single-Collateral Dai , and the long running version , called Multi-Collateral Dai , is that the initial version only uses one type of collateral , whereas the final version scales to support an arbitrary number of collateral types . The type of collateral used for Single-Collateral is Ether , but wrapped in a special smart contract . This special Ether-derived collateral type is called Pooled Ether , or PETH for short .
Pooled Ether
PETH is the most striking of the temporary mechanisms that are in place during Single-Collateral Dai , and will be replaced completely in Multi-Collateral Dai .
The main reason for why PETH exists , and why Single-Collateral Dai works the way it does , is that the underlying code is very simple , making it significantly easier to write securely and easier to audit for security flaws . This allows us to release Single-Collateral Dai in 2017 , confident that it can scale to hold billions of dollars in collateral without fear of vulnerabilities in the code .
The core feature of PETH is that it acts as the recapitalization resource of Dai , in place of MKR . This means that if CDPs get liquidated without enough collateral value to cover their outstanding debt during Single-Collateral Dai it is PETH holders who have their proportional ETH claims diluted ( and not MKR holders ) . This means that there is an extra risk to holding PETH and using PETH as CDP collateral — your own PETH holdings could be negatively affected by a sudden , steep crash in the market price of ETH .
There is also a benefit to holding PETH , as it gains value if CDPs are liquidated with excess collateral value remaining to cover their outstanding debt . The liquidation process generates a surplus from the Liquidation Penalty that is distributed equally to all PETH holders . This surplus creates a special incentive for keepers , who trigger the liquidations in the first place , to also turn their Ether into PETH during the liquidation , and then immediately turn it back to ETH once the liquidation has processed . This allows them to capture some of the value gain from the Liquidation Penalty , and means that the Liquidation Penalty surplus is split between CDP holders and Keepers .
Once the system is upgraded to Multi-Collateral Dai , PETH will no longer exist . Regular ETH can instead be used as one of the available collateral types , and MKR takes over the role as the recapitalization resource .
Boom and Bust Liquidity Providing Contract
Instead of using collateral auctions and debt auctions , Single-Collateral Dai uses a Liquidity Providing Contract to buy and sell collateral ( in the form of PETH ) for Dai when it is needed for liquidations . A Liquidity Providing Contract ( LPC ) is a smart contract that anyone can trade instantly with according to a price feed , as long as the LPC has funds available . When a CDP is liquidated in Single-Collateral Dai its PETH collateral immediately goes on sale according to the Single-Collateral Dai ETH/USD price feed . A Risk Parameter known as the boom/bust spread modifies the price that the LPC sells at . If the Boom/Bust spread is negative , it means the LPC will sell below the market rates , creating instant arbitrage opportunities for Keepers that they are incentivized to exploit the second they become available .
Global Settlement
One of the biggest security features of Dai is called Global Settlement . This feature was originally tested and introduced with the Sai prototype deployments , as a way to facilitate an upgrading process from one system to the next .
Global Settlement is described in detail in the whitepaper , and is a crucial security feature of the system that allows us to deal with market irrationality , upgrade the system infrastructure to Multi-Collateral Dai , and most importantly is the first line of defense against hackers and crypto-economic attacks against the Maker Platform .
Price Feed Sensitivity
The other new security feature that has been added to the Dai Design and will be added to Single-Collateral Dai ( however it will not be present at launch and will instead be added to the system while it 's running in-place ) , is Price Feed Sensitivity . It is really the icing on the cake in terms of crypto-economic security of the system , because in conjunction with Global Settlement it allows us to mitigate the majority of the damage from even the most serious attack scenarios : If an attacker manages to compromise and control a majority of the Oracle infrastructure , which is arguably Makers the weakest point .
However with Price Feed Sensitivity , MKR voters can choose the upper bound of how quickly oracles can affect the system , and this allows us to protect the system even after an attacker has already taken control of a majority of the oracle nodes with minimal damage , by doing a global settlement in time before the effective internal price feed values have changed much .
Next Steps
Since this white paper release primarily focuses on the Single-Collateral Dai mechanics , it is not going to be the last white paper iteration , but it is an important step on the road towards it . An updated white paper that focuses only on Multi-Collateral Dai and does n't mention the mechanics exclusive to Single-Collateral Dai will be released during the last stage of preparations for switching to Multi-Collateral Dai , and will be developed in conjunction with the formal specification of the system , called the Purple Paper .
Dai release
Stay tuned for more updates and publications coming out about Dai , Maker and the December 17 launch . We have a large amount of exciting announcements to make over the next week leading up to the launch .
Consoles might not be dead , but they 're falling further behind the PC
The Xbox One does n't need a cheaper price tag or new colours to get people interested . It needs some decent games , because let 's face it , there are none .
Games , apps , features and functionality - both next gen consoles are still hugely lacking in them all and we 're nearly a year in now .
It 's not unusual for each generation to start slowly , but against the backdrop of an exciting golden age for PC gaming , games consoles are starting to look increasingly ... irrelevant .
Why ? Because all of the good things in the gaming world right now are happening on PC . All of them .
Elite : Dangerous , Star Citizen , DayZ , Witcher III , Arma III , Project Cars to name just a few . Not to mention the big deal that is F2P these days , the promise of Steam Machines , the innovation behind the Nvidia Shield Tablet - and did you hear about the Oculus Rift ? I could go on ... oh and I will .
For gamers of all types , the PC is the place to be . Which is all the more remarkable when you consider that this is a time when millions of brands new big budget next gen consoles are sitting at home in fast-boot standby mode , desperate for something other than tumbleweed to blow into their empty disc bays .
Is n't PC gaming already dead ?
`` Current estimates put the total number of PC gamers at around 900 million worldwide ''
Did you hear the one about how PC gaming is dying ? How about the one where the PC is already dead ? It 's a joke that has about as much to do with reality as the driving physics in Mario Kart 8 . No one believes that crap any more .
Granted , back in 2006 the PC was having a bit of a crisis as the Xbox 360 and PS3 embarked on a period of sales dominance . But how about this for a statistic in 2014 : sales of those consoles combined comes to a total of around 160 million . The number of PC gamers currently subscribing to F2P smash hit League of Legends ? 130 million . Yeah , and 27 million of them play that one game every single day .
The Last of Us , hailed as the greatest game of the last console generation , has now sold over 6 million copies on PS3 . Diablo III on PC sold more than 6 million ... in its first week of release .
The usual response from many at this point is that `` PCs cost way more '' and `` you have to upgrade once a year and it 's too expensive '' . And while that was true once , it has n't been so for a long time and that 's super exciting in itself .
`` Building a PC capable of throwing the latest games around at the full 1080p resolution of your TV for less than the money you 'd spend on a new console seemed beyond the realms of home possibility , '' says Dave James in the latest edition of PC Format magazine . `` But recent PC advances have made it a reality '' .
Check out PCF and you 'll find plenty of options for putting together an excellent gaming PC for less than the price of a PS4 or Xbox One . Barrier to entry ? There is no such thing . You can also build a Steam Machine for less than the price of Sony 's latest gen console .
Living the dream
Once you 're up and running with a PC , things could n't be more glorious . As an engaged gamer you 're in a dreamland of infinite opportunity .
Any PC game ever made ? You can play it on your rig . Backwards compatibility is not something PC gamers have to worry about ... ever . So while Sony and Microsoft effectively bins its entire customer base with every generation , the PC will always be there . Bought a new PC ? It 's cool , your games are waiting for you , you do n't have to pay for them again - oh and they 're a lot prettier than the console versions too .
Want to play downstairs on your TV with a control pad instead of upstairs on your rig ? Steam In-Home Streaming is your friend . With home streaming and the forthcoming influx of Steam Machines connected to living room TVs , the PC is not only drawing gamers away from consoles it 's about to threaten their very existence . Because while consoles are popular for their all-in-one , plug-and-play convenience - PCs are getting smaller and they 're coming to living rooms - believe it .
All the innovation in virtual reality is going to happen on the PC , too , with Oculus and its competitors . I 'm sure Project Morpheus will work well with the PS4 , but the PC is simply more nimble , flexible and accessible - the perfect staging ground for a VR revolution .
The Steam Summer Sale has become a big annual event for PC gamers
The price of gaming
`` It 's time to think about buying a PC rather than a next-gen console ''
And if all that is n't enough to convince you , how about the fact that games are also much cheaper on PC ?
Choose wisely as a PC gamer , time your purchases and you can pick up brilliant titles for utterly bonkers prices . New games are cheaper on PC anyway , but the Steam Summer sale yields blockbuster games for as little as £2 . I bought Tomb Raider for £3.74 . At the same time , the Xbox One version cost ten times as much . Ten times .
The cash you 'll save by not having to shell out these crazy console prices for big games will more than make up for the price of a GPU upgrade after a couple of years .
And even without the thousands of legacy titles available to play , there are more new titles coming out on PC than any other platform . By far . And they 're exciting and they 're diverse and originality abounds .
Why ? Because games are just infinitely easier to develop for PC these days . Install Steam today and for a small monthly fee you can download a game engine like the CryEngine and start creating immediately .
And that 's no crappy indie engine , that 's the engine Crysis 3 was built in , the best looking game ever created .
You can easily publish your game through Steam as well , no publishing deal required . And with Early Access you can even make your game playable prior to release and get keen gamers to fund your development . Literally anyone can sit at home , build a game and release it for others to play . It 's amazing and has yielded some truly innovative gaming experiences .
And you do n't even need to pay for many of the most popular PC games . The F2P model is still evolving but the overwhelming number of PC gamers currently enjoying League of Legends and others like DOTA 2 , Planetside 2 , Hearthstone , FIFA World - I could go on but I wo n't - speak for themselves . It 's hundreds of millions of people .
This is not to say that I 'm against the PS4 or Xbox One . I reviewed both and I liked each on its own terms . And do I really think console gaming is dead ? No .
But hardware needs software to breathe , and consoles are so far behind at the moment it 's hard to imagine a future world where this will no longer be so .
Reince Priebus , then chairman of the Republican National Committee , gestures to Trump on election night in New York . ( Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images )
Incoming White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders would not say on Thursday if the president still has confidence in his chief of staff , Reince Priebus .
“ We all serve at the pleasure of the president , and if he gets to a place where that is n't the case , he 'll let you know , ” Sanders said when directly asked about the president 's confidence at the White House news briefing on Thursday afternoon .
When pressed again , Sanders said that she had already answered the question , and she noted that this White House has “ a lot of different perspectives because the president hires the very best people . ”
“ They 're not always going to agree . There are going to be a lot of different ideas , ” Sanders said . “ Unlike previous administrations , this is n't groupthink . We all have a chance to come and voice those ideas , voice those perspectives and have a lot of healthy competition , and with that competition , you usually get the best results . The president likes that kind of competition and encourages it . ”
Priebus , a former Republican Party chairman , is under attack as never before and has been publicly accused by the new communications director , Anthony Scaramucci , of leaking information to reporters . Priebus has already watched some of his closest allies in the West Wing resign , including former deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh and press secretary Sean Spicer . A Republican who is in close contact with those at the White House rated Priebus 's job security in this way : “ On a scale of 1 to 10 , it 's a 2 . ”
Scaramucci is a flashy New York financier who brags that he and Trump were “ friends first. ” He moved up his start date from Aug. 15 to Wednesday , which one White House official said was an effort to thwart any attempt by Priebus to derail the move , and he has been threatening to fire anyone who does n't fully support the president — along with launching a very public attack on Priebus that has unfolded on Twitter and cable news like scenes in a scripted reality television show .
[ Scaramucci : ‘ If Reince wants to explain that he 's not a leaker , let him do that ' ]
Sanders said Thursday afternoon that she does n't believe Scaramucci has taken an oath of office yet , and she would not comment on the status of his security clearance . When asked if Scaramucci is now formally a member of the White House staff , Sanders replied : “ He 's working at the White House . ”
Scaramucci and his allies are compiling a diagram of the news organizations that they suspect received leaked information from Priebus , and they plan to present it to the president on Friday , according to a White House official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the secret plan of attack . On Wednesday night , Scaramucci had dinner at the White House with the president , first lady , Fox News ' Sean Hannity and former Fox News executive Bill Shine , who was a close ally of the late Fox News founder Roger Ailes . Over dinner , the group discussed the president 's political strategy and how best to overhaul the West Wing staff , according to a senior White House official .
Afterward , Scaramucci responded to a Politico report about the financial disclosure form he filed during his stint at the Export-Import Bank earlier this year , which showed that he stood to continue to receive profits from the hedge fund that he sold ahead of joining the administration . Even though Politico reviewed this document by simply requesting it through the proper channels , Scaramucci fired off a tweet labeling its release a “ leak ” and “ a felony ” and adding Priebus 's Twitter handle to the end of the message — which many interpreted as Scaramucci publicly blaming his archrival .
[ Press aide resigns as White House purge begins : ‘ I 'm going to fire everybody , ' says Scaramucci ]
In an interview with CNN early Thursday morning , Scaramucci claimed that he tagged Priebus in the late-night tweet because as “ chief of staff , he 's responsible for understanding and uncovering ” leakers in the White House . He said that some journalists assumed that because he tagged Priebus in his tweet he was publicly accusing the chief of staff of leaking the information — an assumption that they made , he said , because they “ actually know who the leakers are . ”
“ So if Reince wants to explain that he 's not a leaker , let him do that , ” Scaramucci said .
When asked about this comment , Sanders said with a smile : “ I 'm not going to comment on Anthony 's suggestion , I 'm going to let him answer for himself . I think I made pretty clear where the president is , and I do n't have anything to add beyond that . ”
Sanders alluded to the drama playing about in the White House this week as she opened the briefing with a deadpan joke .
“ I hate to start the Q-and-A off on a low note , ” she said , “ but I want to maybe get ahead of some of the personnel-related questions and just to let you guys know ahead of time that no , I can not confirm whether or not Sean Spicer will be on 'Dancing With the Stars ' upon leaving the White House . ”
Abby Phillip and Philip Rucker contributed to this report .
Recurrent Neural Networks have boomed in popularity over the past months , thanks to articles like the amazing The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural Networks by Andrej Karpathy .
Long story short , Recurrent Neural Networks ( RNNs ) are a type of NNs that can work over sequences of vectors and where their elements keep track of their state history .
Neural Networks are increasingly easy to use , specially in the Python ecosystem , with libraries like Caffe , Keras or Lasagne making the assembly of neural networks a trivial task .
I was checking the documentation on Keras and found an example to generate text from Nietzsche readings via a Long Short Term Memory Network ( LSTM ) .
I run the example , and after a couple hours the model started producing pretty convincing , Nietzsche-looking text .
Skynet learning about Nietzsche
So I thought in this example the training set is just an array of lines , each line being an array of characters . Images follow a similar data structure
Loading the dataset
The training dataset consisted of 50 images of Monet Paintings .
Input sample
I loaded the list of images as an array . Each image is initially a width * height * 3 numpy array , with the 3 being 3 numbers containing the Red , Green and Blue mix of the specific pixel .
To convert the 3 dimensional ararys to one dimensional , i used the following trick .
First , I concatenated all the rows on each image into one single row ( appending every row after the first one ) . Then , i converted the RGB values into hex colors , thus converting a length 3 array ( r , g , b ) to a string ( # FFF ) .
However , the network works only with numerical values , so I took all the colors , put them in a list and then replace every hex color with its position in the list .
So for example , if the color list looks like [ # 000 , # 001 , # 211 , ... , # FFF ] , then a pixel with the rgb values ( 0,0,0 ) would be converted to the hexcode # 000 , and since that is the first element on the color list , it would be replaced by the array [ 1 , 0 , 0 , .... 0 ]
One issue I found is that , since there were many colors in total , the individual pixel arrays were too big and would n't fit in memory . I fixed this by using color quantization . Think of color quantization as a clustering problem that can be solved using K-Means , for example .
Here is the code that loads the images :
def rgb_to_hex ( array ) : array = map ( lambda x : int ( x * 255 ) , array ) return ' { :02x } { :02x } { :02x } '.format ( * array ) input_folder = 'monet ' image_width = image_height = 75 input_layer_size = image_width * image_height input_images = os.listdir ( input_folder ) n_samples = len ( input_images ) n_colors = 1000 # for color quantization text = np.empty ( ( 0,0 ) ) text = [ ] print ( 'Reading and Quantizing input images ' ) for input_image in input_images : print ( 'loading image { } '.format ( input_image ) ) image_data = scipy.misc.imread ( os.path.join ( input_folder , input_image ) ) image_data = scipy.misc.imresize ( image_data , ( image_height , image_width ) ) image_data = image_data.reshape ( input_layer_size,3 ) text.append ( image_data ) text = np.array ( text ) text = quantize ( text , n_colors ) import pdb ; pdb.set_trace ( ) text = np.apply_along_axis ( rgb_to_hex , 2 , text ) text = text.reshape ( n_samples * input_layer_size ) chars = np.unique ( text ) print ( 'total chars : ' , len ( chars ) ) char_indices = dict ( ( c , i ) for i , c in enumerate ( chars ) ) indices_char = dict ( ( i , c ) for i , c in enumerate ( chars ) )
Network setup
In terms of the Network , i decided to test my theory of the similarities between text and images , and used the same exact implementation that the text example had .
2 stacked LSTM layers with dropout to avoid overfitting and an output layer with softmax activation , and RMSProp as the learning optimizer .
model = Sequential ( ) model.add ( LSTM ( len ( chars ) , 512 , return_sequences=True ) ) model.add ( Dropout ( 0.2 ) ) model.add ( LSTM ( 512 , 512 , return_sequences=False ) ) model.add ( Dropout ( 0.2 ) ) model.add ( Dense ( 512 , len ( chars ) ) ) model.add ( Activation ( 'softmax ' ) ) model.compile ( loss='categorical_crossentropy ' , optimizer='rmsprop ' )
Results
LSTM Networks are very interesting , they seem to pick up structures in the data as they learn , with the length of those structures increasing after every iteration .
Iterations 1-10
Random noise , since the model hasnt pick up any boundaries of hte data yet .
Iterations 20-30
By iteration # 20 , the model its starting to aggregate colors together . However , it hasnt figured out properly the boundaries of these color sets .
Iterations 50-60
At this point the network has pretty much figured out which colors fit well with other colors . It made snowy like paintings , as well as green-nature ones .
Iterations 80-100
Now we are talking ! The output was so impressive that i thought the model was overfitting , but the outputs look similar to the input , but not that similar .
The network has gone far enough on the sequences of pixels to understand not only sets of colors that are together , but also the shapes that those sets normally have . The output by iteration # 80 is pretty similar in style to Monet paintings .
In conclusion , Recurrent neural networks , given time and a specific input , can generate all kinds of surprising findings .
Output evolution
Wan na try this at home ? You can check it out on github . You will have to install Keras , and i would recommend installing Cuda since this process might be too much for your CPU to handle . ( If you are an ubuntu user , you might wan na check this article out )
CLOSE Sept. 21 -- The U.S. Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation of Volkswagen 's admission to cheating on federal air pollution tests , according to two U.S. officials familiar with the inquiry . Bloomberg
Investors are grappling with the automaker 's decision to stop selling diesel cars in the U.S. until it can fix the vehicles .
VW 's Passat TDI diesel-powered sedan is one of the vehicles affected ( Photo : Volkswagen )
The Justice Department has opened a criminal probe into Volkswagen 's admission that it rigged 482,000 diesel cars in the U.S. to beat emissions tests as investors hammered the automaker 's stock Monday , sending shares plunging 18.6 % .
Disclosure of the criminal probe , confirmed by a U.S. official who is not authorized to comment publicly , comes after VW 's CEO , Martin Winterkorn , offered an apology Sunday for cheating on emissions tests . VW has halted sales of the affected models .
As if VW was n't having enough trouble in the fallout , the House Energy Committee 's oversight subcommittee announced it plans to hold a hearing on the Volkswagen case in coming weeks .
Shares of the German automaker — the world 's largest vehicle manufacturer through the first six months of 2015 — closed at 132.50 Euros , or $ 149.32 , down 30.20 Euros , or $ 34.11 , in trading in Europe .
Investors are absorbing the blow of the automaker 's decision to halt sales of new and used four-cylinder diesel cars in the U.S. until it can remove software that fooled regulators into believing that its smaller `` clean diesel '' cars were compliant with emissions standards .
Fitch Ratings said Monday that the scandal could put pressure on the automaker 's credit rating , but it noted that Volkswagen 's financial performance remains `` extremely robust '' globally .
`` Nonetheless , the consequences of this crisis for the group 's brand image and reputation with regulators and consumers worldwide is difficult to assess , '' Fitch said .
The Environmental Protection Agency and California state regulators on Friday accused Volkswagen of installing a `` defeat device '' to evade emissions requirements .
Justice Department spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle declined comment .
The criminal probe , first reported by Bloomberg News , is the latest in a series of probes involving alleged wrongdoing by automakers . General Motors just agreed to pay $ 900 million to settle a criminal probe into faulty ignition switches . It is paying compensation for 124 accident-related deaths .
Toyota shelled out $ 1.2 billion in 2014 after an investigation into its handling of unintended-acceleration cases .
The VW case stands apart , however , because unlike the GM and Toyota cases where bungling or footdragging appeared to be at the heart of the allegations , this one involves an admission of outright deception .
Diesels represent about 20 % of the automaker 's sales in the U.S. , according to AutoPacific . The cars affected by the situation are the four-cylinder diesel versions of the 2009 to 2015 Jetta , Beetle , Golf , the 2014 and 2015 Passat and the 2009 to 2015 Audi A3 .
The diesel cars emit nitrogen oxides , which can exacerbate respiratory conditions such as asthma , at up to 40 times the acceptable level .
The EPA has the authority to fine Volkswagen up to $ 37,500 per vehicle , which could technically add up to a fine of some $ 18 billion , though analysts do n't expect the agency to levy a fine of that magnitude .
The automaker could also face accusations of false marketing and consumer lawsuits over its promotion of the vehicles under the `` Clean Diesel '' moniker , in addition to the likely cost of a large recall .
Fitch said class-action lawsuits could lead to additional costs for Volkswagen over the next two years .
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @ NathanBomey .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1Fawakp
IN JUNE 2009 Neil MacGregor , the director of the British Museum ( BM ) , flew to Saudi Arabia , his first visit to the heart of the Islamic world . He wanted the blessing of the Saudi royal family .
Mr MacGregor and Venetia Porter , the BM 's keeper of Islamic art , spoke to the chairman of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and Antiquities , Prince Sultan bin Salman ( known locally as the “ astronaut prince ” for being the only Saudi to have travelled in space ) . They also met Princess Adila bint Abdullah , a daughter of the king and one of the few princesses with a public role in Saudi Arabia , and her husband , Prince Faisal bin Abdullah , the new minister of education . At each meeting they outlined in detail the BM 's ambition : to put on the West 's first big show about the haj , the annual holy pilgrimage to Mecca .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
All three royals were enthusiastic , which meant the project also had the king 's support . Conscious of the bashing that Islam had taken in the West since Saudi-born hijackers flew their planes into the twin towers in New York nearly a decade earlier , they saw the power of cultural diplomacy . A show that emphasised the ancient tradition of the haj , one of the five pillars of Islam , would be a source of pride for Muslims and a clear reminder of Saudi Arabia 's pre-eminent position in the Islamic world .
But organising the show has posed considerable challenges . The BM had to deal with 40 individual lenders from the Netherlands to Timbuktu , numerous different government ministries in Saudi Arabia and a nervous Saudi embassy in London . The idea of portraying in a Western museum something as holy to Muslims as the haj took some getting used to , and there was n't much to go on . Two shows—one on pilgrimage , in Christianity and Judaism as well as Islam , at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford in 2006 and another on pilgrims ' writings at the Islamic Arts Museum Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur in 2009—were the closest precedents . The potential for error or offence was considerable .
Terrified of being blamed if anything went wrong , conservative Saudi officials shied away from taking responsibility . Negotiations over the loan of antiquities from the earliest haj route , from Kufa ( in present-day Iraq ) to Mecca , proved especially complicated , as did agree what profile to give the sponsor , HSBC Amanah , on the exhibit labels . ( For a bank to sponsor an exhibition about a religion that forbids charging interest was particularly delicate . ) Even after the intervention of a royal aide—Faisal bin Muammar , director of the King Abdulaziz Public Library in Riyadh—it was only when the final shipment of loans left Saudi Arabia for London just before Christmas that the museum was certain the show would come off .
And what a show it is . Visitors are taken on a journey to the city Muslims call Makka al-Mukarrama ( Mecca , the Blessed ) , just as pilgrims have done for hundreds of years and as Prince Charles will when he formally opens the exhibition later this month . A large black cuboid , hung with intricately woven Islamic textiles , rises at the heart of the show in the centre of the BM 's circular reading room . It represents the ka'ba ( pictured above ) , the black stone that the prophet Abraham is said to have built and which pilgrims circle seven times as part of the haj ritual .
Through the ages , pilgrims have journeyed to Mecca via several routes . Mansa Musa , the king of Mali , became famous throughout medieval Europe and the Islamic world when he travelled across the Sahara from Timbuktu to Cairo and then to Mecca in 1324 , accompanied by 60,000 followers and 300 pounds of gold , which he distributed along the way . Millions more pilgrims have travelled by road from Istanbul and Damascus or by dhow and steamship from Singapore and Mumbai , tacking carefully around the coral outcrops of the Red Sea . A long maritime chart from about 1835 written in Gujarati , Hindi and English shows what a fraught journey it was .
At least they had charts . Before Islam Mecca had been an important site for pilgrims from north and central Arabia . They had many deities including Allah , but once a year , during a sacred month , they travelled , following the stars , to the city to worship Allah alone . Mecca became an important commercial centre . The revelation starting in 610 of Islam to the prophet Muhammad , with Allah as its only god , transformed Mecca into the holiest city in the Islamic world .
The exhibition concentrates on this earliest pilgrim route , the 900-mile ( 1,448-km ) road from Kufa , where pilgrims gathered from Iraq , Iran and Central Asia before making the journey south to Mecca . In the late eighth century Zubaida , the wife of the Abbasid caliph , Harun al-Rashid , ordered the construction of wells along the route , as well as forts , beacons , milestones and resting places for the month-long journey across the desert . She went on the haj five times and gave her name , not just to the route itself , but also to the irrigation system known as the spring of Zubaida on the plain of Arafat , outside the city .
Muslims are obliged to go on the haj at least once in their lifetime . So many pilgrims want to make the journey that the Saudis now impose strict national quotas ( calculated according to national populations ) on pilgrims .
Once arrived , they begin their rituals : the changing into simple white clothes , the tawaf or circumambulation of the ka'ba , the drinking at the sacred Zamzam well , the prescribed running and collecting of pebbles , the shaving or cutting of one 's hair and the renewed commitment to the principles of Islam . To most it is a transcendent experience . Muhammed Ali , the boxer , who made the haj in 1989 , said afterwards : “ I have had so many nice moments in my life . But the feelings I had standing on Mount Arafat on the day of the haj was the most unique . ”
Rich as the BM exhibition is , much has inevitably been left out . Other than a maquette of the area around the ka'ba , there is little about how the site has grown or about the nightmarish logistics of welcoming nearly 3m pilgrims at a time to Mecca , nor about the horrific accidents that occasionally happen . A stampede caused more than 300 deaths in 2006 , while in 1979 militants took over the grand mosque and were evicted by force . It would be interesting also to know more about the changes wrought by the quota system , which suddenly saw tens of thousands more Muslims from Indonesia and Nigeria where before they had come mostly from Saudi Arabia 's Arabic-speaking neighbours . Little attention has been paid to the economic effects of the haj , in Saudi or in the pilgrims ' homelands , and on how the pilgrimage is likely to develop in future . A small section at the end exhibits the contemporary art the pilgrimage has inspired . Each of these areas could be the focus of another show . Now the first big step has been taken , perhaps more will follow .
“ Hajj : Journey to the Heart of Islam ” will be at the British Museum from January 26th until April 15th
Source : Iakov Filimonov/Shutterstock
Movies , magazines , and popular television shows often highlight the abundance of money and leisure time available to the wealthy . For example , in Downton Abbey , Violet Crawley , the Dowager Countess of Grantham , asks , “ What is a 'weekend ' ? '' because she has no notion that most people work for five days and then take a two-day break . According to Thorstein Veblen , the scholar who theorized about the lives of the wealthy , the rich signal their status to others not only by wasting money on functionally useless products ( e.g. , diamonds ) , but also by wasting their time : The wealthy can spend time on leisure , because they do not need to work .
However , counter to the realities of the past and Veblen 's predictions of the future , our research has found an opposite pattern — in which being busy with work has become a more valuable status signal . A common response today to the question , “ How are you ? ” is “ Busy ! ” People post on about their incredibly busy lives . Celebrities complain of “ having no life ” on Twitter , because they are “ so busy . ”
Why are busy people seen as having more status ? On a broad level , in American culture , people believe that status can be earned . Consistent with the notion of the American dream , those who work hard are seen as having the ability to climb the status ladder . Compared to cultures where status is based on inheritance ( e.g. , coming from a well-respected family ) , Americans tend to idolize those who are self-made . Being busy is a sign that one has the ambition and competence to move up the ladder .
On a more micro level , busy people are viewed as being scarce and in demand . Much research has shown that people are attracted to scarce products , because they are viewed to be more valuable . In our research , we find that a person who is busy is also seen to be a scarce resource , because they have little time available . Like a rare gemstone , this scarcity makes them appear higher in status .
In a series of studies , my co-authors and I found that , in general , Americans believe that people who are busier are inferred to have higher status . We varied `` busyness '' in a variety of ways , including whether someone posts on Facebook about being busy with work , compared to being less busy with work , or that someone walked around with a Bluetooth headset , as opposed to a pair of music headphones . Across our studies , we found that a busy person was viewed to have more status , because they were perceived as more competent and ambitious , as well as to be more scarce and in demand . This effect was robust , and it occurred whether the target person in question was viewed to be from a lower or higher socio-economic status .
However , we found that not all people and cultures make busy-status inferences . In particular , Italian participants viewed a person who spent more time on leisure activities as having a higher status . In Italian culture , there may be a stronger sense that status is inherited rather than earned . A similar pattern was found for Americans who do not believe there is social mobility in society . Thus , the busy-status inference is really conditional on a view that one can move up the status ladder .
What are the implications for this busyness-status effect ? On the one hand , there may be benefits : Rather than trying to signal status by spending money , one can more cheaply signal status by appearing to be busy . On the other hand , being busy can bring the negative side effects of over-working ( e.g. , the long-term negative impact on well-being and ) , and create pressure for others to be busy .
When someone tells you how busy they are , and you feel that twang that you should be doing more , think twice .
Neeru Paharia is an Assistant Professor at Georgetown University 's McDonough of Business . She co-authored the study “ Conspicuous Consumption of Time : When Busyness and Lack of Leisure Time Become a Status Symbol . ”
LinkedIn Image Credit : RossHelen/Shutterstock
This Lemony Chickpea and Tuna Salad is light and fresh , full of so much flavor and is easily made in just 5 minutes or less ! Enjoy with pita chips , in a wrap or on top of a salad !
So I have an obsession with tuna .
Whether it 's right out of the can , in a spicy tuna roll or practically raw in a salad , I 'm pretty confident that I 'll devour it . I think it was my Grandma who first got me started on my love for tuna and one of the things she always did was squeeze lemon juice all over it and it tasted delicious ! Then of course there were the years where I doused it in mayo , pickle juice ( yes…pickle juice ) and relish and would eat it with crackers or straight with a spoon . Well lucky for you I 've come a long way since those college dorm room days and came to realize that I could keep it healthy while still adding tons of flavor !
Lately I 've been all about simple and convenient so when meal planning for the week anything that I can throw together in tupperware dishes that will last me for a few days is just perfect . This tuna salad along with some spinach or arugula makes lunches easy and healthy throughout the week . especially when I 've fallen into that rut of eating the same . thing . every . day . I do n't know what your go-to-meals are , but all week I find myself eating crock pot salsa chicken over salad , turkey chili , or even quinoa salad ( which has been my FAV lately just because it makes so much ! ) It 's nice to switch it up now and then… .. just be prepared for those nosy co-workers to ask for the recipe hehe .
I know I talk about meal planning all the time , but it really does help keep myself accountable , saves me money each week since I go on ONE big grocery haul making sure to only get what I need for that week and I 'm staying healthy in the process . Every week I add one or two new recipes into the rotation to mix it up ( and also to see if we like it ) which gets Chris excited to cook with me . Ladies cook with your men ! I 'm telling you it is hands down the sexiest thing to watch your man in the kitchen and they get so much satisfaction out of making you dinner . Suuuure you probably did most of the work , but hey you do n't have to let them know that . Throw in a bottle of wine and you have one hell of a Wednesday night !
If you 'd like to download my free printable meal plan chart , feel free to HERE . I ca n't tell you how much it has helped me , I literally use it every week ! Remember if you fail to plan , you plan to fail ! For more clean recipe ideas , feel free to check out my clean eating recipe box .
On another note , we recently just got our engagement photos back and I can hardly wait to show you ! I had never done a photo shoot until this one and was super nervous about the whole process because a ) I am NOT a model , b ) we 're using them for our Save the Dates and c ) you only have engagement pictures ONCE so I reeeeeeally wanted them to turn out pretty ! I 'm beyond happy with them and here 's a little sneak peek because I can not stop swooning . If you follow me on Instagram then you may be sick of me by now .
Do you keep your butter in the refrigerator ? You do ? Stop it . Stop it right this second . You 're ruining your butter experience and making your toast taste like failure . Let me tell you why .
Butter is a wonderful substance . Made by churning cream until it separates into buttermilk and fat globules , butter is not only delicious but also versatile . Butter will make pretty much any food outside of breakfast cereal taste better . In order to enjoy your butter-on-bread or butter-on-corn , however , you have to be able to spread it . And anyone who 's ever pulled a cold stick of butter out of the fridge with the hopes of smearing that yummy stuff on toast knows that cold butter simply does not spread .
Not only does cold butter not spread , it also destroys . Try smearing a cold paddy of butter on a piece of untoasted bread , and you 're going to end up with whole grain carnage . The butter grabs onto the surface of the bread and rips it apart , like a tiller tearing up a garden . If you do manage to get the butter somewhat distributed , you probably wo n't notice the deliciousness , because the cold also mutes the flavors . That 's a real bummer , because butter is basically delectable .
It does n't have to be like this . In fact , most of the world does not suffer from the murderous cold butter problem , because most of the world leaves their butter on the kitchen counter , where it belongs .
Advertisement
If you 've ever visited , say , France , you 'll notice how wonderfully spreadable room temperature butter is . And it 's also more delicious than you 've given it credit for . Butter is complex ! In its guide to butter standards , the United States Department of Agriculture describes the very best butter as “ fine and highly pleasing. ” The USDA also details 17 different flavor profiles in various types of butter , from “ aged ” to “ malty ” to “ weed. ” Have you ever tasted malty butter ? Probably not , because you probably keep your butter in the refrigerator .
It 's likely that you keep butter in the fridge because you think it 's safer that way . After all , butter is made from cream , and if you leave cream out in the open for too long , it can go bad . And if you consume bad cream , you could get sick , if not from the rancid taste then certainly from the foreign bacteria that feasted on the stuff when it was out in the open .
This line of thinking does n't really apply to butter , though , at least not in that extreme . The cream that 's used to make your standard market variety butter is almost always pasteurized , and it takes quite some time for pasteurized dairy products to go bad . Foreign bacteria are still attracted to pasteurized dairy products . Butter can indeed go bad . But as long as you keep it covered , it 's very unlikely that anything bad will happen to the butter before you 've had a chance to eat it all .
Advertisement
Yes , a stick of butter will lose its shape if it gets too warm . That 's a good reason to cool it off . At room temperature , however , the butter will remain cool enough to keep its shape but warm enough to spread smoothly . To keep butter at the ideal temperature , you might consider buying a butter crock or a simple covered butter dish .
If you have any doubts about this room temperature butter argument , let me direct you to the USDA guide “ How to Buy Butter. ” The agency acknowledges that “ ready spreadability ” requires removing the butter from refrigerator “ 10 to 15 minutes before use. ” It does not , however , warn against keeping the butter at room temperature at all times .
Advertisement
Just to be sure about the official American government perspective , I contacted the Food and Drug Administration . While the FDA has plenty of warnings about the perils of raw milk , the agency concedes that keeping butter out in the open is usually fine . An FDA food safety expert wrote in an email , “ One can get away with storing butter at ambient temperature for a while since the temperature usually wo n't be high enough to deform or melt the product and it will not appreciably accelerate the oxidative rancidity process , meaning that the butter will keep just fine for a while . ”
Now exactly how long “ a while ” is totally depends . The FDA was n't able to give us a specific timeframe because factors like how much light the butter is exposed to , whether it 's salted or not , and how many bacteria it had in it to begin with will all affect how long it will last . Their expert added say that this strategy works better in cooler climates than in warmer ones . Either way , leaving your butter on the counter in a covered container is perfectly safe , but all things in moderation .
So let 's review . Keeping butter in the fridge makes it hard and flavorless . Keeping butter on the counter makes it soft and delicious . As long as it 's done right , leaving butter out at room temperature is also just as safe as leaving it in the fridge . Any questions ?
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Gizmodo in August 2014 .
Secretary of State John Kerry walks to his car with Austria 's Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz , right , as he arrives at Vienna International Airport , in Vienna , Austria , Wednesday , Oct. 15 , 2014 . Kerry meets Wednesday in Vienna with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif to try to advance nuclear talks and meet the target date of Nov. 24 . ( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster , Pool )
Fifty years ago today , the People 's Republic of China conducted its first nuclear test . This caused great alarm among American policymakers , who feared that an emboldened China would use its nuclear arsenal to promote revolution abroad and draw regional states into its political orbit . U.S. officials were also acutely concerned that the Chinese test would unleash a kind of nuclear “ domino effect , ” with countries like India , Japan , Australia , Indonesia , and Taiwan developing their own nuclear weapons in response . This could lead states like West Germany , Israel , Pakistan , and Egypt to conclude in turn that they must follow suit .
President Lyndon Johnson ordered the formation of the Task Force on Nuclear Proliferation to study this problem . It involved a distinguished group of former government officials and private citizens led by former Deputy Secretary of Defense Roswell Gilpatric . As historian Frank Gavin has documented , the committee considered a wide range of options but ultimately recommended the adoption of a much stronger U.S. nonproliferation policy . The result was a major policy shift that included the scrapping of selective proliferation schemes like the Multilateral Force and culminated in the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in 1968 . Following India 's nuclear test in 1974 , U.S. policies were strengthened further with the adoption of automatic sanctions policies embedded in the U.S. Foreign Assistance Act and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act .
Even though five decades have passed , experts disagree over whether these policies were successful . Some public commentators and academics describe U.S. nonproliferation policy as a failure , emphasizing the inability of the U.S. government to arrest the nuclear programs of Pakistan , North Korea , or Iran . On the other hand , a large body of recent academic research on nuclear proliferation either pays little attention to U.S. policy or argues that there was not much proliferation for the United States to prevent . According to this school of thought , nuclear domino effects are a myth that have been proven historically invalid ; leaders ' understanding of their state 's identity , domestic regime type , or the strategic characteristics of nuclear weapons make them much less attractive and “ contagious ” than traditionally believed . Research on the NPT , meanwhile , has seen it as a set of norms that affect states ' understanding of appropriate behavior , while downplaying the role of coercion and power .
In contrast , my own research suggests that nuclear domino effects are real and that U.S. policy has been crucial in preventing them from reaching fruition . In the wake of the Chinese nuclear test , for example , India , Japan , Taiwan , and Australia all began moving toward developing a nuclear arsenal . U.S. efforts were important in preventing Japan , Taiwan , and Australia from following through . Moreover , while the U.S. failed to prevent India from testing in 1974 , it responded by strengthening its nonproliferation policy further , instituting automatic sanctions policies that I argue have deterred states that are dependent on the United States from pursuing nuclear weapons . The policy has helped decrease the rate at which states begin to develop nuclear weapons programs . It also explains why recent proliferators have exclusively been “ rogue ” states outside the U.S. sphere of influence like Iran , North Korea , Iraq , and Libya . This stands in stark contrast to the roster of U.S. friends and allies that pursued nuclear weapons before the strengthening of U.S. policy , i.e . South Korea , Taiwan , Pakistan , Israel , and France .
This evidence is only one part of a burgeoning research program that is uncovering the long underappreciated role of American nonproliferation policy , including its efforts to prevent nuclear tests , induce compliance with the NPT , or coerce some of its closest allies into remaining non-nuclear . Much of this research has drawn on recently declassified documents from the National Security Archive and Cold War International History Project and has benefited from the support and resources of the Stanton Foundation and Nuclear Studies Research Initiative .
The lesson of this research is clear . Examples of the “ failures ” of U.S. nonproliferation policy like Pakistan and North Korea are conspicuous and therefore receive more press . In contrast , the successes are often invisible , because they involve states ' tacit decisions not to start nuclear weapons programs . American citizens and policymakers should not lose sight of the broader success of U.S. nonproliferation .
Nick Miller is the Frank Stanton Assistant Professor of Nuclear Security and Policy in the Department of Political Science and Watson Institute for International Studies at Brown University .
Following Monday 's news that that EU , via Angela Merkel , had suspended plans to extend visa-free travel with Turkey , a public slap in the face of Turkey 's president Recep Erdoğan who had expected the deal to be ratified due to his threat of `` unleashing '' millions of refugees back into Europe , we said that `` the question is whether the infuriated Turkish leader will resort to making good on his threat , and once again send out countless refugees along the Balkan route whose end destination is well-known : the wealthy countries of Central Europe . ''
Overnight we got a partial answer when Erdoğan said that Turkey would not take any steps regarding the implementation of migrant readmission until progress was made on visa liberalization . He also said funds that the EU had promised to pay Ankara for taking back refugees had not been paid . In other words , the deal that had halted the influx of refugees into not only Germany but all of Europe is suddenly in limbo as Turkey will no longer accept European refugees as per the deal agreed upon last month .
Turkey added it is not worried if a decision can not be reached , with Ankara 's new EU affairs minister saying that the EU was not the `` sole option . '' Omer Celik , who recently replaced Volkan Bozkir in the cabinet named by new Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , said he also wanted the EU to drop its double standards regarding the fight against terrorism .
In short , as expected Turkey is not only calling time on the refugee deal but is also threatening to go with other alternatives .
Turkey 's refusal to change its anti-terrorism laws has been a sore point regarding relations with the EU . Ankara says they can not be changed due to the threat posed by Islamic State terrorists and Kurdish militants . However , critics of Erdoğan , along with human rights organizations , have accused the Turkish government of using the terror laws as an excuse to carry out a military crackdown against Kurds in the restive southeast of the country .
Even Germany has become worried about the hard line taken by Erdoğan , with Chancellor Merkel concerned about the country 's slide from democracy after the decision to strip MPs of legal immunity . `` I 've made this clear in the conversation today that I also think we need an independent judicial system , we need independent media and we need a strong parliament , '' Merkel said after holding talks with Erdoğan in Istanbul on Monday .
Meanwhile , the person who has most to lose should the Turkish refugee deal unwind , Angela Merkel , who has seen her popularity in the polls tumble as a result of her handling of the immigrant influx , said he is not concerned . As RT writes , `` German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she is not worried about the migrant pact between the EU and Turkey , though she admitted more time was needed to reach an agreement . Meanwhile , Ankara says it has alternatives to the EU if a deal can not be reached . ''
`` I am not concerned , we just need more time , '' Merkel told reporters on Wednesday , as cited by Reuters , after a cabinet meeting just outside Berlin .
She should be : As Bloomberg Richard Breslow writes :
`` the threat to Europe , however , remains . A day after German Chancellor Merkel returned from Istanbul in a desperate attempt to salvage the refugee deal so important to European unity , Turkey 's Foreign Minister said all agreements with the EU could be suspended . This followed an Erdoğan adviser saying the joint customs union was at risk . Give us what we want or else . Truth is , right now , Europe needs Turkey more than Turkey needs Europe . It may not be a coincidence that while Turkey 's markets were celebrating yesterday , the euro was getting pasted . What happens in Turkey , does n't stay in Turkey . ''
As of this moment the refugee deal is in limbo . If and when it is cancelled outright , Europe 's immigrant related problems will come back with a vengeance .
SALT LAKE CITY — Scott Woodruff sometimes bikes from his West Valley City home to his job at a downtown Salt Lake City architectural firm . He not only gets great exercise , but does his part for the environment.But sometimes , he 's found , the environment in West Valley City does n't return the favor .
If the day 's right and the wind 's right , he can be hit by a “ horrific stench , ” Woodruff says .
`` Once , I had to stop and pull over and get off my bike , '' he said . `` It was so bad I thought I was going to throw up . ''
He 's also encountered the smell in other parts of West Valley City , he says — at Rocky Mountain Raceway , or at his sister 's house near 5600 West , even at West Valley 's Centennial Park and the Costco parking lot .
Calling himself a “ proud resident of West Valley City , ” where he moved more than two years ago , Woodruff has taken on the task of solving the problem . About a year ago , he spoke at a West Valley City Council meeting — but despite promises no one ever got back to him , he says .
Company vice-president Ted Sonnenburg acknowledges that ET 's operation produces its share of odor , but it 's doing all it can to alleviate it , he says . And other nearby facilities may contribute , as well .
Woodruff said he will make another attempt at the council 's Tuesday meeting .
“ Everyone I 've talked to smells it , too , ” Woodruff said .
Mostly , he smells it in the lower part of West Valley City when the wind blows from the northwest—from the direction of the Salt Lake Valley Landfill . He asked a worker there , who told him it 's not the landfill , but a nearby company recently set up to process waste from portable outhouses .
That 's close , but not quite the case , said Salt Lake County recycling coordinator , Ashlee Yoder , who has an office out there . She agrees the smell is “ definitely not the landfill , ” but it 's not a port-a-potty company either . Rather , the smell emanates from a nearby company known as ET Technologies , Yoder said .
“ It 's pretty obvious . ”
If so , the smell is hardly new . The company set up operations in 1984 to process wastes that then-new federal regulations had prohibited from going directly into landfills .
ET Technologies is a for-profit company , but it operates on 40 acres at the western end of the landfill 's property under agreement with its co-owners , Salt Lake City and Salt Lake County . And both the landfill and ET 's operation are within the boundaries of Salt Lake City — not West Valley City , according to a county map .
Company vice-president Ted Sonnenburg acknowledges that ET 's operation produces its share of odor , but it 's doing all it can to alleviate it , he says . And other nearby facilities may contribute as well , he added — such as the landfill itself , a water treatment plant and a composting operation .
ET processes bio-solid waste from area water treatment facilities , petroleum waste from automotive shop sumps , and other forms of waste , Sonnenburg said .
The material is treated , dried , laid out into long piles , or windrows , and periodically turned in order to leaven the brew with oxygen . Bacteria within the waste break down its hazardous chemicals — a process that takes several months .
And all of the company 's end product then goes to the county landfill free of charge , Sonnenburg said . ET makes its money by charging fees to its “ incoming waste stream ” producers .
“ The processing that ET does has to take place some way , ” Yoder noted . Besides processing such waste so it can be safely disposed , the landfill needs the product to help grow erosion-preventing vegetation in its clay-heavy soil .
The company spends tens of thousands of dollars a year on odor reduction , Sonnenburg said , including mixing odor-reducing chemicals into the waste and an odor control system around its perimeter .
Additionally , they try not to “ push out ” material in windy conditions , and an odor-reduction consultant visits every three months to tweak the odor-reduction system , Sonnenburg added .
“ Unfortunately with bio-solid waste , it 's a material that inherently has an odor . ”
The problem now is that with encroaching development there are more residents nearby who notice , and complain , about the smell , Yoder said .
“ We put these things a ways away from people purposefully . ”
A similar smell issue arose for the Trans-Jordan landfill in South Jordan about three years ago , when housing developments began sprouting nearby , says that landfill 's general manager , Dwayne Woolley .
New move-ins to Kennecott Land 's Daybreak and other residential developments began complaining of the smell caused by Trans-Jordan drying and mixing waste treatment sludge into the compost it sells to homeowners and others .
“ It 's a little like moving by a horse barn and then complaining about the smell of horses , ” Woolley said .
To keep peace in the neighborhood , Trans-Jordan quit using the sludge , which it had been getting from the South Valley Water Reclamation Center in West Jordan , Woolley said . Instead , the landfill began making a non-bio-solid compost , with no effect on its bottom line . And while the quality is not quite “ premium , ” as it was before , it is still good , he said .
The water treatment facility had to add additional processing steps to its operation , and install additional equipment , which may have put upward pressure on sewage rates , Woolley said .
The Trans-Jordan Landfill is a joint operation of seven cities in south Salt Lake Valley .
Email : lbrubaker @ desnews.com
×
Photos
The Seattle Seahawks unveiled their name and original logos to the world on June 17 , 1975 ; at the time , the name 'Seahawks ' was described by GM John Thompson as `` a tough , fish-eating bird '' . The name was selected by the team from a list of 1741 names submitted by fans , 150 different people submitted the `` Seahawks '' name . Their logo is based off of the Seattle-area Native American culture .
The Seahawks have used a variation of their original mark throughout their entire franchise history , making tweaks to the design to modernize when approrpiate . A grey helmet was used for the first 26 seasons and was intended to be used alongside the modern blue lid as a road-only helmet beginning in 2002 , however the NFL quickly ended that plan . A fan vote was held to choose which colour the team would use full-time with blue ultimately prevailing .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-MA ) was silenced by Senate Republicans on Tuesday night when she tried to read a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King opposing the nomination of Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R-AL ) to a federal judgeship . Warren was trying to use King 's letter to argue that Sessions , President Trump 's pick for attorney general , could n't actually be trusted to protect Americans ' civil rights .
Supposedly , Warren was shut down out of concern for decorum and decency . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) argued that Warren violated an obscure Senate rule by speaking ill of a fellow senator .
But Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-UT ) went even further in pleading for politeness — by urging his colleagues to think of Sessions 's wife .
Orrin Hatch said he finds it `` offensive '' for senators to be criticizing a fellow senator ( Jeff Sessions ) on the floor . `` Think of his wife '' — Steven Dennis ( @ StevenTDennis ) February 8 , 2017
“ Jeff Sessions is a really fine person , ” Hatch said . “ Think of his wife . She 's a really fine person . Jeff has been here 20 years . He 's interchanged with almost all of us . Sometimes you agree with him and sometimes you do n't , but he 's always been a gentleman . ”
There are many problems with Hatch 's comments — like the suggestion that pointing out racism is somehow impolite , or that you ca n't possibly hold racist views if you are a “ gentleman. ” As my colleague German Lopez has explained , Sessions really does have a problematic record on racial justice and civil rights issues .
But the most stunning part may have been when Hatch seemingly argued to silence a woman senator , who was quoting a woman civil rights leader , in order to avoid hurting another woman 's feelings by criticizing her husband 's political behavior .
It 's common for politicians to make emotional appeals to think of how certain events will affect our “ wives and daughters. ” It 's also a classic example of benevolent sexism : the idea that women must be protected and cherished , but not necessarily treated like equals .
Thinking of women primarily as wives and daughters means thinking of them in terms of their relationship to men , which often means forgetting that women are also full human beings in their own right .
I 'm still thinking about how only women Hatch considers are those attached to men https : //t.co/JDKfgwc00h — Jessica Luther ( @ scATX ) February 8 , 2017
There 's another layer to the disturbing gender dynamics here . Women , and women leaders in particular , often get criticized more for how they say something than for what they actually say . They have to walk a difficult line of being assertive but not too aggressive , likable but not too much of a pushover .
When women speak , people tend to mentally turn up the volume . Even though women are interrupted more often and talk less than men , people still think women talk more . People get annoyed by verbal tics like `` vocal fry '' and `` upspeak '' when women use them , but often do n't even notice it when men do . The same mental amplification process makes people see an assertive woman as `` aggressive . ”
Hatch complained that Warren launched a “ constant diatribe ” against Sessions . He suggested that by speaking out about Sessions 's history of racial bias , Warren was being unkind and uncivil to a kind , civil “ gentleman ” who deserved more respect .
A lot of factors went into McConnell 's decision to silence Warren , and GOP senators ' decision to go along with him on it . Partisanship and panic probably had a lot to do with it ; King 's letter made Sessions , and the Republicans who will vote to confirm him , look very bad .
Still , moral panic has a way of getting much more intense when a powerful woman is making a strong statement in public — or even daring to speak in public at all .
Watch : Warren silenced on Senate floor by GOP
It 's political party time in Annapolis as the Maryland General Assembly cranks up its 2017 legislative session .
When Republicans and Democrats are done jousting in legislative hearings , they have a long list of invitations to consider for breakfasts , lunches , happy hours , dinners and receptions all around the state capital .
And last week , the first full week of the session , offered the opportunity for a very busy nightlife .
There were evening receptions for all state lawmakers at the Loews Hotel hosted by the Restaurant Association of Maryland on Monday and the Maryland Automotive Dealers Association on Tuesday .
On Tuesday , the invitations expanded : Every elected official in the state was invited to a 5:30 p.m. welcome reception at Harry Browne 's fine-dining restaurant , hosted by two lobbying firms , Capitol Strategies LLC and Harris , Jones & Malone , and by the Greater Baltimore Committee .
By Wednesday , the events had become more exclusive .
Lobbying firm Rifkin Weiner Livingston LLC hosted members of the budget and taxation , education , health and environmental affairs committees `` by invitation only '' at a 6:30 p.m. dinner at Ruth 's Chris Steak House .
The firm repeated the party the next night just for members of the finance and judicial proceedings committees .
That same night in the same restaurant , Harris , Jones & Malone and Verizon hosted a dinner for members of the House Ways and Means Committee .
For those who do n't get invitations , it can be a challenge to obtain a list of those who do .
The calendar of events is maintained by General Assembly 's Protocol Committee , which `` organizes , plans , and schedules social activities '' of state lawmakers .
If members of the public want a paper copy , they have to trek down to the State House basement . Obtaining an electronic copy requires membership on an exclusive email mailing list .
`` The public should n't have to look that hard to be informed , '' said Jennifer Bevan-Dangel , executive director of the government watchdog group Common Cause Maryland . `` The concern we have is that these events are an opportunity for special interests to have special access … that the public does n't get . `` It is the most insidery of activities . ''
The secrecy around the events may soon end .
Gov . Larry Hogan announced an `` integrity in government initiative '' Thursday that he says would reform ethics rules on conflicts of interest and corruption . The aim of the legislation , the Republican governor said in a statement , is to `` increase transparency and public access to state government . ''
A Hogan administration official said the legislation would call for posting the Protocol Committee 's events on the Department of Legislative Services ' website .
Invitations to similar events to executive branch officials would be posted on the Maryland State Ethics Commission website .
But why wait for Republican 's proposal to grind through the Democratic-controlled General Assembly ?
The Sun is attaching the calendar as a PDF online . Check out the parties for yourself .
—Doug Donovan
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il 's body is expected to be embalmed and put on permanent display . How do you preserve a body indefinitely ?
At the moment , the `` Dear Leader 's '' body is on temporary display as it lies in state in the Kumsusan Mausoleum in Pyongyang . But there is already speculation that Kim Jong-il 's body could undergo a long-term embalming process so that it can join his father 's on permanent display in the mausoleum .
This has not been confirmed by North Korean officials , and some reports suggest he may simply be buried to save the cost of the long-term maintenance .
Image caption A photograph of Lenin released in 1991 showed a waxy-looking corpse
If it is preserved for the long-term , it will join Russia 's Vladimir Lenin , China 's Mao Zedong and Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh as former leaders whose bodies remain on display . Joseph Stalin 's embalmed body once shared a spot with Lenin in a mausoleum in Moscow 's Red Square , but it was moved to a tomb elsewhere in the 1960s .
It was Russian experts who are believed to have preserved Kim Jong-il 's father Kim Il-sung . Since they prepared Lenin 's body after his death in 1924 , tales have told of revolutionary scientific techniques , secret preservation recipes , regular baths for the corpse and an electric pump being installed inside the body to regulate humidity .
Ilya Zbarsky , who was a member of Lenin 's embalming maintenance team at the Research Institute for Biological Structures in Moscow , told the BBC in an interview in 1999 : `` Twice a week , we would soak the face and the hands with a special solution . We could also improve some minor defects . Once a year the mausoleum was closed and the body was immersed in a bath with this solution . ''
The answer Bodies need to be made completely sterile
They are flushed with a strong preservation solution
The body needs regular maintenance and investment in cosmetic procedures
Such was the reputation of the Russians in the field of body preservation that Vietnam 's former leader Ho 's body was said to have been flown to experts in Moscow every year for a refresh .
So how would one prepare a body so that it will look unchanged for generations to come ?
Embalming is the process of preserving the body from decay , and there are two approaches to the process , explains Karen Caney , national general secretary of the British Institute of Embalmers .
The most common approach , used by funeral directors , is to prepare a body so that it lasts until the body is buried .
`` The embalming is designed to last literally until the time of the funeral . This is a fairly temporary preservation , so the body looks nice for the family . ''
Image caption The Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum holds the embalmed remains of Ho Chi Minh
What is known as light embalming is carried out . This delays the process of decomposition , preserving the body 's tissues long enough for families to pay their last respects .
Embalming fluid - which typically contains the chemical formaldehyde - is diluted with water and injected into an artery , says Ms Caney .
`` The sooner this is done the better , she says , as bodies start to alter from the moment someone dies . ''
After a few weeks , the body 's internal bacteria takes over , but by then , the body will have been buried .
Most funeral directors are unlikely to have experience of long-term preservation .
Professor Sue Black , Centre for Anatomy and Human Identification College of Life Sciences at the University of Dundee , says that anatomy departments - in universities for example - are legally allowed to keep bodies for up to three years for students to work on .
`` Fundamentally , the principle of embalming is like pickling - it 's the same principle as food , '' she says . `` To preserve a body for the long term , you would need to create a sterile environment . ''
Major vessels and veins are opened , blood is taken away - it can be a food source for bacteria - and the vascular system flushed with a particular solution .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ? A part of BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ? aims to answer questions behind the headlines
`` You have to completely change the chemical composition of the tissues , and get rid of all the bacteria , so that mould and fungus ca n't grow , '' says Prof Black .
A large volume of alcohol , glycerol - so you that the body does n't dehydrate - and formalin , which kills everything off , is flushed around the body .
`` Everything fixed , so it ca n't decompose - these are not very nice chemicals . ''
Prof Black explains that a pinkish tint is added to the formalin to give the body a realistic look .
`` If you want to have a body permanently on display , you will have to address the external aesthetic - for example make up and a wig , because hair falls out . ''
To keep it in its best condition , you need to invest heavily , she says . Humidity and temperature need to be carefully controlled .
`` For example , if a high level of alcohol is used , this can evaporate and the body can dry out , so a moist environment is needed . However you do n't want to encourage mould , spores and fungus . And some flies , for example , can live on embalming fluids - so you need to 'keep the environment out and keep the environment in ' . ''
Pictures of Lenin 's body released a decade ago , show an illuminated body that looked waxy and strangely shiny . The embalming process , however , has moved on significantly since his original preservation .
`` Embalming as an aesthetic has moved on in the past 20 years . But good embalming for long-term preservation is a dying art , '' says Prof Black .
She reckons the North Koreans will have easy access to the necessary products needed and the skills .
`` The Chinese are very adept at anatomy and embalming - they are highly skilled and I think that will have found its way into North Korea . ''
But Prof Black warns that once it has been done , the body needs regular maintenance .
`` When it dries out , you could immerse it for a few weeks to replenish the tissues , '' she says . `` It will need to tended to like a plant on a fairly regular basis . ''
And then there are the outfits that need to be updated . According to one Russian embalming expert , interviewed in 2003 , new clothes , including a trademark white spotted tie , are ordered for the founder of the Soviet state every three years .
The warm weather brought people out to enjoy the waterfront at Nelson Memorial Park in Plymouth .
It 's never been this hot in Boston this early in the year .
Temperatures in the city had reached 77 degrees as of mid-afternoon Wednesday , which not only surpassed Boston 's record high for March 9 , but also marked the first time Boston has seen temperatures reach 77 or more degrees this early in the year .
The old record for the earliest day when the temperatures hit 77 degrees or more was March 20 , which happened in both 1921 and 1945 , according to 141 years ' worth of records from the National Weather Service .
Advertisement
The historical average for the first day of 77-degree temperatures or more is April 27 . The longest it has ever taken for temperatures to reach at least 77 was June 10 , 1997 .
A year ago Wednesday , temperatures only reached 48 degrees — and a couple of feet of snow still lingered on the ground , with even taller snowbanks . And we were just several days away from breaking the city 's all-time seasonal snowfall record .
Matt Rocheleau can be reached at matthew.rocheleau @ globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @ mrochele
Failure are reuniting ! Yes , the Fantastic Planet Failure . They 've got a show at the El Rey in Los Angeles on February 13 , 2014 , with the open threat of more gigs , new music , etc . So rejoice , fans of '90s art-rock cult masterpieces and/or people who go to concerts mostly to stare at the guitarists ' hands/pedals . This is gon na kick ass .
The L.A. trio debuted in 1992 with the abrasive alt-metal dirge Comfort ( Steve Albini produced ; the band never cared for it ) and found a fuller , bolder Helmet-with-slightly-more-empathy lane on Magnified two years later . But 1996 's Fantastic Planet is the almighty jam : a 17-track beast ( track 12 : “ Segue 3″ ; track 14 : “ Another Space Song ” ) of guitar-antihero theatrics and studio-as-instrument bummer luxury : It did n't exactly top the charts , but everyone who heard it bought a phaser or 12 . As an intro , sample three of Alternative Nation 's best-ever power ballads : “ The Nurse Who Loved Me , ” “ Blank , ” or very minor MTV hit “ Stuck on You . ”
From there , they hit Lollapalooza 1997 ( the last original year ) , but broke up soon thereafter : label woes , vague personal acrimony , the usual . The reunion boasts the “ classic ” Fantastic Planet lineup : frontman Ken Andrews , fellow songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Greg Edwards , and late-arriving drummer Kelli Scott . Andrews in particular had kept busy in the interim , between side projects ( ON , Year of the Rabbit ) and studio gigs : He mixed the latest record from Paramore , who 've covered “ Stuck on You. ” Here , he chats with SPIN about the joys of being a “ band 's band , ” the perils of having too much depth , and his dreams of a brighter , larger-font tomorrow .
You guys have been on my Dream Reunion list for years and years — what finally convinced you to do this ?
Well , I think it 's basically because my friendship with Greg was rekindled in the last four or five years — because we both have five-year-olds . I think that helped break the ice for us , to spend time together as friends , because the breakup in '97 was not pleasant . We needed a couple years to hang out and be friends again , and then it became this sort of elephant in the room , like , “ Why do n't we do some music together ? ”
So mostly we can thank your children .
I would say that definitely — that helped , a lot . It helped both of us get our heads in a different place . And an awful lot of time passed , also , before we both had kids . There was a lot of time to forgive and forget .
So will new music come out of this ? Another full album ? How elaborate is the current plan ?
I do n't really know . At this point , the only for-sure plan is this show at the El Rey . I have a feeling it 's gon na turn into more than that . We have n't finished anything yet , but we have a few recordings that show that we have something left to say musically .
Have you made it out much as a civilian to Coachella , to the revamped Lollapalooza , that sort of thing ? Are you wondering how large a font “ Failure ” would be in on a Bonnaroo lineup poster ?
Yeah . Yes . That 's a big question we all have right now . Strangely , it 's almost like we died , because when you die , you get more famous . We kind of broke up right before we ever got big . But what 's weird is that it sort of feels like we got more notoriety and maybe even more popularity after we broke up . It 's rare that I meet someone in the music business that does n't know Fantastic Planet , at least that record .
So we felt like , if we came back , we at least would n't be starting from scratch . We 'd at least be where we were , or a little bit higher . We 're not fooling ourselves — we do n't think we 're any giant band that 's gon na be headlining any of the festivals . At least right away .
Did you have any sense at the time that over time , Fantastic Planet would take on that reputation , would become a “ cult classic ” sort of thing ?
No . No , I definitely did not . At the time , we knew that our music was something maybe people did n't really get the first listen . We found that criticism to be accurate , but also frustrating , because people in the business were using it as an excuse for why we were n't selling more records or something . “ It 's great to have depth , but sometimes you can have too much depth ” — I remember that being said by someone .
We did n't know how to internalize that criticism and change anything we were doing . We just did what we liked . In that sense , I feel somewhat vindicated , that people are getting it now . That was maybe the other thing : All the years that have gone by , maybe that 's helped people appreciate it more .
Fantastic Planet always struck me as ideal for the “ play a whole album live from start to finish ” treatment — all the segues . Is there any chance of that ?
We 've talked about doing that quite a few times , and I think eventually we may do that , but we are not gon na do that for the first show . Because we really want to do some of the older songs . I would say 50/60 percent will be from Fantastic Planet . But there 's at least four , five , six other songs from the first two records that we really want to play live , because I think we actually play them live better than they 're recorded , and we just really enjoy them . But we want to do that eventually .
At the time , Fantastic Planet sounded like it took hundreds of guitar pedals , months of studio time , and millions and millions of dollars — even for It 's time it seemed like this incredibly extravagant , decadent thing . Was it as complicated , as painstaking as it seemed ?
Yes . But it did n't cost millions of dollars : We actually made it pretty cheaply , because we took our budget and bought recording equipment ourselves , so we were never really in the studio paying $ 2,000 a day — we were renting a house and paying $ 2,000 a month .
We did n't have an agenda , but we had a plan to go into the studio and make the best record we possibly could , and not come with everything pre-written . We had no full-on demos . We did have a lot of jam tapes — I 'm talking , like , over 100 hours of jams that I whittled down to maybe 12 hours — and that became our well , basically . Once we finished a song , we 'd go , “ OK , let 's go back to the well , and see if we can find any little nuggets that sound cool , ” which would be a jumping-off point to write a song around . And we did each song one at a time — we did n't do the factory mode of “ Let 's do all the drums for the whole record first . ”
I felt like we 'd had a couple negative experiences where we had demoed stuff in such detail that by the time we went to record it for real , we 'd lost the spark . And it became more of a technical exercise , rather than discovering the coolness of the song , if that makes sense . So it was sprawling in the sense that we spent seven months making that record from top to bottom , but we were writing and recording it all at the same time . We were averaging two weeks a song or something like that .
Working backward , it 's striking how harder-edged and metallic Magnified and Comfort are — they sound more like Helmet than anything you 'd call “ space rock. ” Is Fantastic Planet truer to how you always wanted to sound , or did you slowly evolve into that ?
I think a little of both , actually . It 's truer in the sense that we did n't use any outside producers or mixers —it was just the three of us , we made that record top to bottom . So in that sense , it 's the real us : This is what we do when we 're left alone . But we were constantly evolving as a band . Comfort , that was with the original drummer [ Robert Gauss ] , who was n't on anything after that — he had a real impact on the songwriting beyond just his drum parts , and he was from more of a punk-y ethic , keeping it minimal on the production . He and Steve Albini got along well in terms of that aesthetic .
Greg and I were n't — we did n't have any problem theoretically with lots of layers , but we thought , “ It 's our first record , we can do more of a stripped-down record. ” And songwriting-wise , that record is mostly my songs in terms of the writing ; on Magnified we became more of a songwriting duo , and by the time we got to Fantastic Planet , Greg ended up writing more lyrics than I did . I think we both wrote the same amount of music , but my role as the sonic engineer and crafter of the recordings left more time for Greg to work on lyrics . He was a little more interested in that than I was , too .
That lyrical content was generally pretty dark — hospitalization , isolation , mental illness , burnt spoons , that sort of thing . I have to hope you 're coming at this stuff from a better place than you were at the time . Will getting back into that headspace be a challenge at all ?
No , I can get back into it — it was a while ago , but it — it does n't make me feel dark per se . Sometimes when we 're playing the old stuff , it does bring back memories of specific things , and that can be a little weird sometimes . But for the most part , the fact that it 's been this long , you look back with rose-colored glasses , so mostly what I 'm remembering is the fun of playing these songs with these guys . I 've done a number of projects since then , and it 's really dramatic : There 's something that happens when the three of us play together that I have n't had in any other lineup before .
It 's funny to think about Failure in the context of the way alt-rock is canonized these days , whether it 's through a Pearl Jam documentary or a Nirvana reissue or a “ 20 Years of Siamese Dream ” retrospective . Do you feel any connection to that era now ? Does the Internet remember the '90s the way you remember it ?
I do think it was a good period overall for guitar music , for sure . I 'm not a hater of the '90s being brought back . For us it 's a little weird , because we also felt like outcasts during the grunge thing : We would often get mislabeled as dissonant grunge , which did n't make any sense . People just — if it did n't sound like the Seattle version of grunge , they were dismissive of it . It 's a bittersweet thing with me . We never really broke huge back then , so if people can get us now , as part of the whole '90s resurgence , I can see that working to our advantage . But at the time ? We had a tough time with it . We had heavy guitar , but we were n't really grunge . It was hard .
So you 're doing one show in L.A. so far — when is that ?
February 13 .
The day before Valentine 's Day .
The day before Valentine 's Day , and the day after Lincoln 's birthday .
On August 10 , 2015 , Donald Trump might have done the impossible : fight Fox and win . The leader in the Republican presidential primary opinion polls , Trump , has been warring the most powerful arm of the Republican Party , Fox News , for four days . The fight was dividing the whole conservative internet—there were accusations of unmanliness and political correctness and straight-up pay for play . Trump tweeted Sunday night , “ It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than @ FoxNews . I brought them the biggest ratings in history , & I get zip ! ” Obviously , `` zip '' was n't quite accurate . In the last three months , Trump got more Fox airtime and appearances ( 31 ! ) than any other Republican candidate . Fox had created the Trump monster it was now trying to kill . But in a twist on Frankenstein , the mob that appears at the end carrying pitchforks and torches is rooting for the monster .
The recent intramural war was shocking becuase conservative media usually easily unites around partisan memes . Mitt Romney 's 47 percent comment was a version of an idea popularized by RedState editor and talk radio host Erick Erickson , who created a blog titled `` We Are the 53 % . '' In 2009 , shortly after President Obama 's inauguration , Karl Rove created the meme that Obama had conducted an international `` apology tour '' for America 's sins , and it 's never died . Mitt Romney titled his 2010 campaign book No Apology ; in May , Mike Huckabee announced he was running for president and declared , `` I will never , ever apologize for America ! '' But Donald Trump , a sort of living meme , has caused conservative media to turn on itself .
Trump is a symbol of an idea with a lot of emotion but not much depth : that if Republicans had the courage to be more mean—less politically correct—they could will their preferred policies into existence . Trump 's great draw—as expressed by both pundits and voters—is that he says what he thinks , without fear of offending people . “ He does n't know what ‘ PC ' means , ” a man said at a Trump party in New Hampshire in June . But being un-PC actually means you have the correct political opinions and offend an approved list of targets—Mexican immigrants , Rosie O'Donnell , feminazis , etc . This is why the Trump war got so ferocious . He started picking on someone who was not in the list : Megyn Kelly , one of the brightest stars of the Fox universe .
A long weekend 's worth of conservative drama , summarized :
Resident Evil 5 and 6 were full of guns . Resident Evil 7 , not so much .
The last two entries in Capcom 's once survival horror series elevated their protagonists to near-superhero levels . Elite mercenary Chris Redfield ended up a zombie-fighting James Bond . Both game 's stories featured globe-trotting plots to fight bioterrorism .
Resident Evil 7 changes all of that . In fact , developer Capcom has said , if you 're looking for another action-packed Resident Evil , you should look elsewhere - to spin-offs such as Umbrella Corps .
`` The game is survival horror , '' Resident Evil 7 director Koushi Nakanishi told Eurogamer at E3 today .
Resident Evil 7 will be a far smaller scale , claustrophobic experience , with a heavy focus on setting and atmosphere . It will also take place entirely in one place - somewhere out in the wilderness of Louisiana .
`` If anyone out there has a bloodlust for holding a gun , check out Umbrella Corps , '' Nakanishi continued . `` We are separating these aspects out into different titles where that gameplay can come to the fore , and makes the most sense for that title . [ Resident Evil 7 ] is not going to be a gun fest . ''
Coupled with that will be a focus on a new , `` normal '' protagonist far removed from the superhero status of the STARS mercenary programme .
`` It 's a normal person protagonist . We 're getting back to basics - in Resident Evil 1 Chris was not a comic book hero , he was a special forces agent but he was n't as advanced a fighter as later in the series . ''
That 's not to say combat will be entirely absent . Indeed , players who have been examining the game 's playable trial have already discovered clues to an axe weapon .
Resident Evil fans will be able to heal themselves via a familiar item , however .
`` I can confirm herbs , '' producer Masachika Kawata revealed .
As the name suggests , Resident Evil 7 is the continuation of the franchise . It 's set after the events of Resi 5 and 6 , and still takes place within the same overall world .
`` It 's not a reboot , it 's a rebuilding from the ground up , '' Nakanishi concluded . `` It 's still set in the Resident Evil universe , and while the action in the demo takes place around this plantation house , it is happening in the same world as the other Resident Evil characters inhabit . The title is Resident Evil 7 Biohazard , which as well as being the title of the series in Japan is also a clue to what 's going on in this game . ''
Resident Evil 7 was announced earlier this week during Sony 's press conference alongside a playable trial which was released immediately onto the PlayStation Store .
Earlier today , Capcom confirmed to Eurogamer that the Resident Evil 7 trial was made especially , and is not part of the main game . The final experience will be thematically similar but star a different protagonist , and tell a different story .
If you want to read about the teaser 's many secrets , check out our Resident Evil 7 demo endings guide .
Officials are particularly worried about spontaneous miscarriages , because they are urging pregnant women to be among the first to be vaccinated . Pregnant women are usually advised to get flu shots , because they and their fetuses are at high risk of flu complications , but this year the pressure is greater . Expectant mothers are normally advised to avoid drugs , alcohol and anything else that might affect a fetus .
“ There are about 2,400 miscarriages a day in the U.S. , ” said Dr. Jay C. Butler , chief of the swine flu vaccine task force at the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . “ You 'll see things that would have happened anyway . But the vaccine does n't cause miscarriages . It also does n't cause auto accidents , but they happen . ”
In the opening days of the 1976 vaccination campaign , which eventually vaccinated 45 million Americans , three elderly Pittsburgh residents died soon after receiving their shots at the same clinic . Though scientists believe it was just a freakish coincidence , some news reports suggested the vaccine had killed them .
“ Press frenzy was so intense it drew a televised rebuke from Walter Cronkite for sensationalizing coincidental happenings , ” Dr. David J. Sencer , who was then the director of the C.D.C. , wrote in 2006 reflections on the vaccination campaign .
Two months later , reports emerged of vaccine recipients suffering from Guillain-Barré syndrome , in which the body 's immune system attacks the nerves , leading to temporary or permanent paralysis and , in a few cases , death . That effectively ended the campaign , as officials suspended it to investigate . Experts still disagree over whether the vaccine caused cases to increase that year , and the C.D.C . will be on high alert for reports of it this year .
Guillain-Barré 's cause is unknown , though different studies have suggested it more often affects people who have had a flu shot , the flu itself , some bacterial infections — or even , according to Dr. Sencer 's paper , people who have been struck by lightning .
In any case , after the suspension , there was no reason to restart because the predicted swine flu epidemic never emerged .
Photo
That , experts emphasize , is the great difference between 1976 and 2009 . The earlier virus apparently burned out the previous winter inside Fort Dix , N.J. , before any vaccine was even made , while this pandemic H1N1 virus has already infected millions and , unchecked , will probably reach over two billion , according to the World Health Organization .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 1976 , getting flu shots into 45 million Americans was unprecedented . Now about 100 million get annual shots , and the government has ordered twice that many doses of swine flu vaccine .
Other changes since 1976 worry officials . The 24-hour cycle of news on television and the Internet did not then exist ; public health officials now must be ready to respond to rumors instantly . In 1976 , the C.D.C . did not hold news conferences , and it took it five days to respond to the Pittsburgh deaths , Dr. Fineberg said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Back then , it was a neat thing to have a fax machine and get out four pages a minute , ” said Joe Quimby , a press officer for the disease centers . “ Now , communications have to be multimodal . Turning on the three broadcast news outlets is not going to reach everybody any more . ”
The agency now has a “ war room ” in its Atlanta headquarters and , since the pandemic began in April , has held news conferences , sometimes even daily , at which reporters from around the world ask questions by phone . They can be seen live on the agency 's Web site , and it has another Web site , flu.gov , devoted to the pandemic , as well as a constantly updated Facebook page and Twitter feed .
Complicating the challenge for officials , some experts argue , is that health news coverage has suffered since 1976 .
“ I 've seen the rise and fall of experienced medical reporters , ” said Dr. Michael T. Osterholm , director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota . “ I ca n't tell you how many reporters have come to me since last spring who do n't really know what flu is . ”
Also , antivaccine activists are far more powerful now . Thirty-three years ago , vaccines were enthusiastically welcomed ; many parents or grandparents still remembered children dead of smallpox , measles or polio . The minority opposing them were often followers of natural healing or traditional chiropractic beliefs .
In 1976 , autism was not on the public 's mind , and the problem was still attributed to indifferent mothering . Vietnam veterans with chronic illnesses usually blamed Agent Orange , a defoliant .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Today , many parents blame vaccines for their children 's autism and some ill Gulf War veterans blame their anthrax shots .
Some antivaccine groups are raising fears of thimerosal , a preservative used in some brands of flu vaccine . Others issue dire warnings about squalene , an immune booster used in military vaccines and in some European flu vaccines but not in any American ones .
And , in the rancor over health insurance reform , unfounded rumors are spreading that the Obama administration will make swine flu shots mandatory . Administration officials have emphatically denied that . But a recent decision by New York State to make them mandatory for all hospital employees has reinvigorated those rumors on the Internet .
To defend itself , Dr. Butler said , the C.D.C , has compiled data on how many problems like heart attacks , strokes , miscarriages , seizures and sudden infant deaths normally occur . And it has broken those figures down for various high-priority vaccine groups , like pregnant women or children with asthma . When vaccinations begin , it plans to gather reports from vaccine providers , hospitals and doctors , looking for signs of adverse events , so it can detect problems before rumors grow .
“ Then we 'll try to verify the signal , see if it 's real , ” Dr. Butler said . “ Then we 'll try to see if it 's associated with the vaccine . If it is , we 'll say so . The process will be as transparent as we can make it . ”
GILROY — Heartbroken by the senseless , slow death of his canine pal , Michael McVey hopes that a surveillance photo might help find those responsible for leaving a kindhearted dog to wither for days in the back of a stolen SUV .
The tragedy began on Feb. 23 , when McVey 's Nissan Pathfinder was stolen from the Gilroy Walmart parking lot with his longtime pet Keiko , a 15-year-old Akita , in the back seat .
“ She was a great companion , I took her everywhere , ” said McVey , 56 , who is unmarried and has no kids . “ It never was a problem — she would just wait in the car for me to come back . She probably did n't understand what was going on . ”
After calling police and searching the parking lot to no avail , he spent the following days agonizing over what happened to Keiko . He found out last Thursday morning when San Jose police called and delivered the news : His SUV was found at a San Jose Walmart . Keiko was still inside .
“ She did n't survive after four days without food or water , ” McVey said . “ I 'm pretty disgusted — it 's horrible that they did that , just left her there like that and walked away . I want to see them brought to justice .
“ What they did was beyond wrong . It takes a sick kind of person to treat a living creature like that . ”
Sitting in his San Martin trailer on Tuesday , McVey flipped pages in an old photo album , showing pictures of his dog at play and posed in a loud Hawaiian shirt . Keiko loved the beach , he said , and often accompanied him on his surfing trips to Baja California .
“ He loved his dog so much it was to the point where I thought he was weird , ” said his friend Josh Harris , 25 , whose family owns the property where McVey has lived for more than eight years . “ I thought there was something off about this guy — who loves a dog that much ? ”
Harris said that after getting to know McVey , he realized that Keiko truly was his best bud .
“ He 'd go make a T-bone steak for her , ” Harris said , “ then pop a frozen dinner in the microwave for himself . ”
Gilroy police released a photo from a surveillance tape taken at Walmart that shows the two people who stole McVey 's vehicle .
“ At this point , they are persons of interest in the vehicle theft , ” said Gilroy police Sgt . Pedro Espinoza . “ But they are probably responsible in one way or another for the dog as well . ”
Espinoza said based on the video , one of the men is about 5-foot-6 to 5-foot-8 , with average build and a goatee . His accomplice is taller , 6 feet to 6-foot-2 , with a thin build .
“ Hopefully , once we put this out to the public someone will say , ‘ Hey , that looks like so-and-so , ' and we 'll go from there , ” Espinoza said .
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call 1-800-782-7436 , and may remain anonymous .
Contact Eric Kurhi at 408-920-5852 . Follow him at Twitter.com/erickurhi .
Original Airdate : November 28 , 2011
Written & Storyboarded by : Tom Herpich & Bert Youn
Jake 's mortality and relationship with death have been very prominent features of his character over the years . His aging process , to say the least , is convoluted . Nobody can really figure it out how it works ; even Jake himself has trouble putting the pieces together with just exactly how old he is . That said , Jake 's fear of growing older is significantly more prominent than his actual fear of death . He more so fears outliving the ones he cares about most and losing his sense of edge and mellow behavior than dying , which he seems to welcome with open arms as long as it 's in a fantastical and mythical fashion . The New Frontier revolves heavily around Jake 's intrigue of fate and destiny , and does so by raising some increasingly interesting questions about whether what he 's doing is ethical or not .
I love anything with the Cosmic Owl , and aside from Prisoners of Love , this is his big debut as the dream wanderer of prophecies and foreboding outcomes , something which we come to realize that Jake is all about . The croak dream itself is really heavy-handed and atmospheric ; I love all the little details of space , along with the rocket ship and Banana Man floating around , as well as the orchestral choir that gradually builds overtime . It 's a bit curious that the Earth is actually full in Jake 's dream , but considering that he does n't ever actually end up in space , it does n't necessarily feel like a continuity error .
It 's hard to say whether Jake 's behavior in this episode is rational or not ; on one hand , it feels like a very selfish decision for Jake to allow himself to die with his thirteen-year-old brother left behind and his loved ones completely unknowing ( I mean , he does n't even bid Lady goodbye . Harsh ! ) On the other hand , it 's sort of difficult to disagree with him being so open and unafraid of dying and what 's destined to come for him because most people are naturally afraid of dying . It 's a bit of an interesting balance between wanting Jake to stay with Finn but also wanting him to fulfill his destiny that was prophesied . I mean , then again , how does one even bounce back from a prophetic dream of death ? Was Jake supposed to just wait patiently for the day when he eventually dies ? It becomes more relatable when analyzing all of the various layers of Jake 's burdens , fears , and his general acceptance of the future that 's to come .
Finn is written terrifically for this one . His entire presence is purely sympathetic from beginning to end . We really do n't wan na see our little guy lose his best friend , and his undevoted desire to protect Jake and decrease all chances of him dying are really endearing . I especially love the moment when Finn hopelessly begs Jake to let go of the rocket . It 's not overly dramatic , but it 's a really heart wrenching , heavy scene that really allows the audience to see both sides of the argument . Again , Jake seems selfish by leaving Finn behind , but he 's merely accepting the future in front of him instead of being wildly in denial . However , Finn legitimately needs Jake by his side , and is still too young to accept death so calmly . He 's already lost Joshua and Margaret in his lifetime , which only makes him more opposed to losing his closest relative that 's still alive .
The ending resolves any dark or uneasy feelings towards Jake 's attitude by helping him to realize the one thing that 's more important to him than his own life , and that is the life of his best buddy . It 's a sweet resolution , and one that acknowledges that , while Jake is perfectly fine accepting his fate , he wants Finn to continue to live a successful and satisfying life even if he ca n't be by his side . It also leaves a bit of ambiguity for the future of the series and Jake 's life , as we 're left with the possibility that , at some point , Jake will relive his croak dream once more . Of course , it 's a scary thought for both Finn and Jake to swallow , as unpredictability can often be most frightening . Finn and Jake are all about living in the present , however , and are able to get through fearful outcomes through humor and goodwill .
This episode also introduces the Banana Man , voiced by “ Weird Al ” Yankovic . I do really love Banana Man 's eccentric and quirky personality , but I think there are better examples of episodes where he 's utilized better than he is in this one . Do n't get me wrong , I really enjoy his weird mannerisms and extended dance moves ( Pen Ward admitted that this episode came up a little short , so he just added longer , drawn out sequences of Banana Man dancing ) , but “ Weird Al ” is such a unique and interesting talent choice that you 'd think he 'd have a couple of more lines and even a song or two . But , like I said , there are better examples of spotlight episodes for Banana Man , and this one works just fine on its own .
This is also a really funny episode . While Finn and Jake 's interactions are quite tension-packed given the circumstances of Jake 's dream , there are still plenty of silly , fun moments for our main duo . I especially love Finn 's exchange about Banana Man walking into the sun ( he really can be such a doofus sometimes ) , Finn 's ability to start a fire with his bare fucking hands , Jake 's explanation of how Glob World works , including the blatant disrespect he shows BMO by leaving an ice cream-filled pizza sandwich on his head . For as dark as the topic of the episode is , it 's still filled with fun , wacky jokes and character moments that really help lighten up some of the bleaker moments .
The New Frontier is a very enjoyable one . I love the headiness of Jake 's prophetic dream and all of the philosophy behind his decisions in the long run . It 's one that opens up a gateway for future opportunities regarding the fragility of Jake 's life , and the increasing importance of Cosmic Owl-centric dream sequences . There 's even a bit of lore when regarding The Great Mushroom War , as Jake mentions that rocket ships have n't yet been reinvented . It makes sense with the world of AT that the only gateway to space would be portals and magical entrances , which means that rocket ships are n't even really needed . It 's one that 's extremely amusing , but also thought-provoking at the same time . Something Adventure Time has really mastered .
Favorite line : “ There 's not enough boom-boom stick-hole sticks in the stick-hole ! ”
Advertisements
By Lee Roden
As promised , Joan Laporta has continued to speak out about the action being currently taken against him and his former colleagues by the current FC Barcelona board .
Laporta was slightly less antagonistic towards Sandro Rosell this time round however , perhaps marking a shift in stance as encouraged by Pep Guardiola .
Guardiola seems to be attempting to diffuse any bad sentiment between Rosell and Laporta , with his cries of “ they 're not as different as they may believe ” earlier in the week going a long way .
Speaking to El matí de Catalunya Ràdio ( The morning with Catalunya Radio ) Laporta said : “ I want my former colleagues to stop suffering and be free of this situation . I think it would be good for us to work with Rosell , in public or private , whichever is more comfortable , and try to find a solution ” .
Far from softening his stance completely however , Laporta elaborated that he was “ disappointed ” the current board has not shown “ one bit of thanks ” to the people who built “ the best Barça ever . Quite the contrary ” .
On an even more worrying note , he mentioned that his children had now gone to live in London , due to the “ atmosphere of hatred ” towards himself that they have become victims of .
Laporta also touched once again on the grade jove ( a new area of the Camp Nou proportedly designed to increase the atmosphere ) . Many people , Laporta included , believe that this is actually an area for ultras groups like the Boixos Nois , who Laporta famously banned from the Camp Nou , to return to the stadium .
Laporta previously claimed that this is a thanks for the group aiding Rosell in his election victory . Laporta said the project would open the door to these “ criminals ” .
On the Qatar shirt deal , Laporta said it “ has n't been explained sufficiently ” , and reiterated that his allegiances lied with UNICEF .
He reminded socis that “ the Barça shirt has never been a public advertising space ” , and lamented the agreement on the Qatar deal reached this week , stating that “ the club was healthy ” when he left and , as such , the deal was not necessary .
Laporta also extended his thanks to Guardiola once again , saying that he hopes “ Pep does not suffer ” , and he is “ infinitely grateful ” for his words .
Finally , despite maintaining these criticisms , Laporta insisted he wishes to “ reach out a hand ” to Rosell in order to try and move forward for the club .
Laporta 's stance has moved from tirade to negotiation , and this can be partly attributed to Guardiola .
It must be said that after a shaky start , Guardiola has dealt with this issue well and played the role of mediator to perfection .
Perhaps in the future , Barça supporters will thank Guardiola not only for saving their football , but also for saving the reputation of their club .
We shall see .
Sony 's Motion Controller is Lights , Camera , Action !
During last week 's Developer Conference , Eurogamer scored an interview with Sony Computer Entertainment Europe 's head of developer services , Kish Hirani , and vice president of R & D , Paul Holmam . Both took the opportunity to not only give even greater insight as to how revolutionary Sony 's new motion technology is , but also reveal some interesting details about the < a href= ” “ > controller itself .
When asked about the level of precision and accuracy inherent to Sony 's new product as opposed to the competition , Holman had this to say :
“ It 's another generation forward , or even a couple of generations . I know in certain games or applications which are out there , people had to sort of fluff it to make it real for consumers . But this stuff is super-accurate and the impact of that is incredible . I think you have to play with it to realise what it will do to games . ”
Strangely , both Hirani and Holman chose to dodge questions relating to Nintendo 's Wii MotionPlus , simply stating :
“ I do n't think we should be commenting on the opposition… it 's not our style . ”
However , once Microsoft 's [ shal ] Project Natal [ /shal ] came into the discussion , nothing was held back as the two SCEE executives referenced Sony 's past advancements in camera technology , going just short of labeling Project Natal as a “ posh < a href= ” “ > EyeToy “ .
Further on into the interview , details about the controller suggest that the colored light-up balls , able to display a full spectrum of color , are part of the final design , along with an unspecified number of buttons . With this incredible combination of light , camera , and motion technology at their disposal , Sony will be able to provide developers with limitless opportunities to spark their imaginations .
[ Source ]
AMSTERDAM — The biggest city in the Netherlands is drowning . An influx of tourists and new city dwellers have brought more noise , brawls and overcrowding to the city and created turbulent discussions at city hall .
Determined to save their historic city from destruction by the hordes , local politicians have put a stop to new hotels in most parts of the city and recently limited the number of days people can rent out their homes on Airbnb .
Amsterdam 's marketing bureau , which promotes the city , has had its budget cut by more than 20 percent from €4.6 million last year to €3.8 million this year . Concerned politicians are also trying to curb street music and ban so-called `` beer bikes '' — vehicles on wheels that can seat about 17 drinkers .
Amsterdam , a city of almost 850,000 inhabitants , had 17 million visitors in 2016 , up from 12 million five years earlier . If the upward trend continues , the number of visitors could hit 30 million by 2025 .
With a population growth of 10,000 people every year , Amsterdammers are feeling the squeeze .
`` We are at risk of becoming the Venice of the north if we do n't act now '' — Tiers Bakker
`` We are at risk of becoming the Venice of the north if we do n't act now , '' said Tiers Bakker , a city council member for the Socialist Party , referring to the Italian city where many locals have been driven out of the historic center because of tourism and eye-watering real estate prices .
Other European cities are having similar problems . In Barcelona , the mayor declared war on tourism , launching an assault on short-term rental services such as Airbnb and slowing down the issuance of licenses for new hotels .
Noise and brawls
In Amsterdam , officials ' concerns go beyond overcrowding and affordable housing to include litter , noise and drug dealing and they intend to deploy 140 extra law enforcement officers in the city center . People living near the central train station , the famous red-light district of De Wallen and the party area Leidseplein have filed more complaints about noise , brawls and general nuisances from the influx of people .
Mariana Oliveira , who works in a clothing shop in Haarlemmerstraat , a tourist area near the Central Station , says the city 's popularity comes at a cost for the city 's inhabitants . `` The residents of Amsterdam are being driven out because of the rental prices caused by the abuse of Airbnb , illegal renting , hotels and luxury apartments . It 's not like I am against democratizing of travel , '' she said . `` But tourism in Amsterdam should definitely be more spread out over the city . ''
`` If there were fewer tourists , maybe more residents would be buying from us instead , '' said Margriet Metz , who works in a tobacco shop at the Damrak , one of Amsterdam 's busiest streets . `` It is really getting out of hand . I often do n't recognize my own city anymore . ''
The mayor of Amsterdam , Eberhard van der Laan , emphasized the urgency of the situation in a speech in late October . Though tourism has contributed to the city coffers and helped it through an economic crisis , he said , there is a limit to the city 's hospitality . `` There are 300 million people from China and India getting ready to travel the world , '' he said . `` We are in a hurry to do something . ''
Van der Laan wants to learn from other cities in Europe and hopes to work with Paris , Lisbon , Barcelona , Vienna , Madrid and Reykjavik to regulate mass tourism . During a tourism summit in Barcelona in November , they agreed to share information on individual negotiations with Airbnb and to ask the EU for help in retrieving personal information about landlords who are operating illegally on Airbnb or other rental sites .
Too little , too late
Amsterdam is to organize another international tourism summit in the spring and more concrete proposals on the cooperation between these European capitals are expected in the course of this year .
But that 's not enough for the opposition .
The city 's governing political coalition `` is acting rather late , and real structural , fundamental measures have not been taken yet , '' said Jorrit Nuijens from the Green Left , which is part of the opposition .
The city 's three governing parties , an ideologically mixed coalition of two liberal parties and one socialist party , have only recently tried to align their views on the issue .
For the liberal D66 , the biggest political delegation in the Amsterdam city council , a busy city center is a good thing since it creates a flourishing economy and more jobs . But the mayor 's rhetoric and changing public opinion has made D66 acknowledge that measures to reduce the negative impact of tourism are needed even if the party cautions that the city needs to stay open for business .
`` ‘ You ca n't go as far as shutting down the whole city , '' said Jan Paternotte , a member of the D66 party . `` I sometimes get the impression that the Greens would like to do that , even though they never make clear how . ''
Their liberal coalition partner the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy , or VVD , does n't favor too much regulation or interference , either . `` We need to act against the excessive growth of hotels , for instance , but my liberal heart does hurt a little by putting in place restrictions , '' said Marja Ruigrok , a city council member for the party .
In addition to a recent agreement with Airbnb to restrict the length of time that people can rent out their homes to 60 days , city officials also want to cut back on opening hours and reduce the number of shops that cater explicitly to tourists , such as those selling cheese , Nutella and waffles . Another plan is to prevent tour buses having access to the city center and move the cruise ship terminal to another part of town .
Despite differences in ideology with their liberal coalition partners , Bakker 's socialists seem content with the measures that are being taken . `` Drastic measures are now being carried out . We are very happy with the revolutionary hotel stop as of 2017 . But the neo-liberal policy of stimulating more tourism has been going on for a very long time . I do n't know if we can ever repair the damage that has been done , '' said Bakker .
The Labor Party , or PvdA , the biggest opposition party in the city council , thinks that the city needs to ease the flow of tourists to the city center . But in the previous coalition in the city council , they promoted tourism and pushed investments into promotions of the city as a tourist destination — something the socialists are keen to point out . `` Even the mayor was flying everywhere to promote the city as a tourist destination , '' said Bakker .
But the PvdA points out that was at a time when the city needed more visitors . `` It 's unfair though to put the blame on us , '' said Marjolein Moorman , a city council member for the PvdA . `` This policy was created during the economic crisis , a period when hotels were empty and the city 's economy needed to be developed . Even the [ socialists ] was supporting this policy back then . ''
Moorman , indeed , lobs the criticism right back at those who are now in power . `` The current coalition is reacting way too slow ... to the problems , '' she said . `` The measures are just a drop in the ocean . They need to make real choices and be courageous . ''
The only ones who are n't complaining are the tourists themselves . `` If I were a resident , I might not enjoy the busy streets that much , '' said Kyriaki Zouli who was visiting from Greece . `` But as a tourist , I do n't mind . ''
WWE announced Monday that after more than a decade away from the company , Kurt Angle will return to headline the Hall of Fame Class of 2017 . Angle , a four-time WWE Champion who is now 48 years old , is still wrestling occasionally at independent shows around the world , and he told ESPN that while he has not discussed an in-ring return with WWE – Angle believed WWE had forgotten about him – he did n't rule anything out .
Angle also joined former WWE ring announcer Lilian Garcia 's podcast Monday and was asked who his dream opponent would be for a potential last match . Angle picked the current WWE World Champion , whom he worked with following his departure from WWE in 2006 .
Via WrestleZone :
“ The one that I would really love to have a final match with right now is the kid that 's the hottest right now in WWE and that 's AJ Styles . I wrestled AJ in TNA , and I can tell you that he is every bit as good as Shawn Michaels . The thing with AJ Styles , and I want everybody to realize this–you do n't have to do anything with him . He does all the work . So it 's an easy match for you . He flies around the ring . He does all the bumping .
AJ is a special individual where you can go in that ring and literally just stand in the middle and he does everything for you . I have never had a match with anybody that 's been so easy , and every time I worked with him it was a five-star match . So AJ 's that kind of talent . He only comes around once in a lifetime , so I 'd really love to shake it up with him one more time if I could . ”
Video : Walking in circles Video : Walking in circles
( Image : GeoContent/ESA/Tele Atlas ) ( Image : Jan Souman/Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics ) ( Image : Tina Weidgans/Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics )
If we ca n't see landmarks , we really do end up walking in circles . That 's the conclusion of researchers who have tracked people trying to cross pathless deserts and forests .
Advertisement
Jan Souman of the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Tübingen , Germany , spends his days researching how the human brain combines information from the senses to build up a picture of the world around it .
When he was approached by a German television station that wanted to track people lost in the Sahara desert for a programme about human navigation , he thought the idea was pretty cool . Together they set about investigating the popular belief that people who are lost often find themselves walking in circles .
Souman and his team took volunteers into a forest and the Sahara , fitted them with a GPS tracker and asked them to walk on a straight course through the unfamiliar terrain . When the sun was out participants managed this surprisingly well , but on cloudy days or at night , with no visual cues to guide them , they veered away , often walking in circles .
“ I did n't believe that people really would walk in circles , so I was quite surprised , ” says Souman .
Legging it
This is the first research to investigate whether lost people do unknowingly walk in circles . Several explanations for the idea have been suggested in the past , however , including physical differences between one side of the body and the other .
Souman 's team investigated this idea in a second experiment . Participants had their leg strengths measured or had the sole of one shoe made thicker to reproduce the effect of unequal leg lengths . They were then blindfolded and asked to walk a straight line in a large , disused airfield .
By depriving people of sight the researchers hoped that any inclination to move to one side or the other would be enhanced . But this did n't happen : from test to test , most people changed the direction in which they strayed , showing that the human tendency to veer off course is not a result of physical asymmetry .
The paper proposes that the real reason for our inability to walk in a straight line without landmarks is likely to be accumulating errors in judging a straight path . Allen Cheung at the University of Queensland in Brisbane , Australia , who was not involved in the work , agrees : “ Although each turn angle may be small and so go unnoticed , if it is not corrected , it will add up . ”
Virtual stroll
Only a small number of people took part in the experiments , which limited their usefulness , but the team hope to overcome this soon . They have developed a treadmill that moves in all directions ; when combined with a screen , it should allow participants to freely explore a virtual landscape . This will enable researchers to collect more results than was possible with the outdoor experiments .
“ Another thing we found intriguing was that despite the sun moving in the sky throughout the experiment , when it was visible people walked in a remarkably straight line , ” said Souman . “ This suggests that they were effectively accounting for its movement. ” Using their virtual set-up , Souman and his team would like to look into this further .
Journal reference : Current Biology , DOI : 10.1016/j.cub.2009.07.053
Stone Brewing Co. is unleashing the belligerently delicious hop monster known as Stone RuinTen IPA . Today , the massively hopped beer is making its way to retailers , restaurants and bars nationwide in 22-ounce bottles and on draft . You 're welcome .
Stone first released this decidedly indelicate beer in 2012 , as Stone Ruination Tenth Anniversary IPA , to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the beloved year-round release Stone Ruination IPA . Now , it 's no secret that Stone is lupulin obsessed . That beer , which was renamed to Stone RuinTen IPA , quenched the bitter thirst that runs rampant among members of Team Stone ( and many of our fans ) . So , it should be no surprise that the beer became an instant cult classic , securing its place as one of the brewing company 's annual special release beers .
While “ triple IPA ” is not a sanctioned term by the Beer Judge Certification Program , the title refers to IPAs with high alcohol-by-volume ( ABV ) and an over-the-top hop profile . Coming from a brewery that is known for brewing bold , aggressive , hop-forward beers , Stone RuinTen IPA delivers on the description of a triple IPA . Clocking in at 10.8 percent ABV and 110 International Bittering Units ( IBUs ) , the beer is unabashedly bitter–in a good way .
“ Since the initial release in 2012 , we could n't resist re-brewing the recipe and embracing the catchy nickname it had developed around the brewery– ‘ Ruin Ten , ' ” explained Stone Brewmaster Mitch Steele . “ Compared to our year-round release , Stone Ruination IPA , we use double the amount of Centennial and Citra hops during the dry-hopping process . And , by using five pounds of hops per barrel brewed , the result is an irresistible mix of fruity and floral notes . ”
Since Stone Ruination IPA is known as “ A liquid poem to the glory of the hop ! , ” Stone CEO and Co-founder Greg Koch coined a new epithet for Stone RuinTen IPA , calling it “ A stage dive into a mosh pit of hops. ” Craft beer drinkers brave enough to plunge headfirst into this glorious mosh pit will revel in a blend of abundant lemon , nectarine and pineapple notes found in the aroma . Long-lasting fruity , tropical and citrus flavors may be savored while a lingering , clean bitterness remains on the palate . The elevated malt presence provides the beer with its strong , full-bodied mouthfeel , which balances the intense hop bitterness .
Stone suggests enjoying the beer as soon as possible to fully experience all the pungent hop flavors and aromas , or at least by the “ enjoy by ” date noted on the bottle . Do n't wait : Jump into that mosh pit and embrace the pungent glory of the hop !
Stone RuinTen IPA Quick Facts
Name : 2014 Stone RuinTen IPA
2014 Stone RuinTen IPA URL : www.stonebrewing.com/RuinTen
www.stonebrewing.com/RuinTen Stats : 10.8 % ABV , 110 IBUs
10.8 % ABV , 110 IBUs Availability : Limited 22-ounce bottles and draft , beginning June 16
Limited 22-ounce bottles and draft , beginning June 16 Hop bill : Columbus and Centennial , dry-hopped with Citra and Centennial
Columbus and Centennial , dry-hopped with Citra and Centennial Distribution : AK , AL , AZ , CA , CO , CT , DC , DE , FL , GA , IA , ID , IL , IN , KS , KY , LA , MA , MD , ME , MI , MN , MO , MT , NC , NE , NH , NJ , NM , NV , NY , OH , OR , PA , RI , SC , TN , TX , VA , VT , WA and Puerto Rico
Tasting notes , provided by Stone Brewmaster Mitch Steele
Appearance : Deep gold with an off-white , fluffy head .
: Deep gold with an off-white , fluffy head . Aroma : Intense , dank and fruity hop notes . Lemon oil-infused with nectarine , pineapple and tropical fruit , with hints of mint and spice .
: Intense , dank and fruity hop notes . Lemon oil-infused with nectarine , pineapple and tropical fruit , with hints of mint and spice . Taste : An abundance of tropical hop flavors up front and carrying throughout the palate . A pleasant maltiness balances the hops mid-palate . Finishes with a long , lingering , clean bitterness .
: An abundance of tropical hop flavors up front and carrying throughout the palate . A pleasant maltiness balances the hops mid-palate . Finishes with a long , lingering , clean bitterness . Palate : Full-bodied but dry , with an alcohol fullness and sweetness . Very bitter !
: Full-bodied but dry , with an alcohol fullness and sweetness . Very bitter ! Overall : This was one of the team 's favorite IPAs , so we were thrilled to have the opportunity to brew it again . The combination of Citra and Centennial in the dry hop is magical . Please drink this beer FRESH to get the full impact of the hopping !
Be sure to follow us on Social Media to get to see our beer adventures live as we invade more breweries and discover more awesome craft beers from all over the world ! Cheers humans !
Facebook | Instagram | Twitter | Snapchat : beeralien
DALLAS -- The Dallas Mavericks believe they can tap O.J . Mayo 's star potential .
Dallas signed Mayo , the third overall pick in the 2008 draft , to a one-year , $ 4 million deal with a player option for a second season after he spent four often frustrating seasons with the Memphis Grizzlies .
Mayo 's best statistical season was his rookie year , when he averaged 18.5 points , 3.8 rebounds and 3.2 assists . He posted similar but slightly lower numbers the next season , and his statistics declined significantly while serving as the Grizzlies ' sixth man the last two years .
Mayo was one of several acquisitions the Mavs made after after their attempt to lure Deron Williams to Dallas was unsuccessful .
`` We went on the option for the big free agent . That did n't work out . Honestly , that was n't my first choice , '' owner Mark Cuban said Monday . `` Sometimes the best deals are the ones you do n't do and they lead to better things . And I think that 's what happened now . ''
Dallas also got Elton Brand on a waiver claim from Philadelphia , signed free agent Chris Kaman , and acquired Darren Collison and Dahntay Jones in a trade from Indiana . All those moves were made in July .
The Mavs hope Mayo , who is expected to start at shooting guard in Dallas ' revamped lineup , will end up being the best bargain of this summer 's free agency class .
`` I think he can be a star , '' said Cuban , who insists he sees a long-term future for Mayo in Dallas . `` And I think O.J . knows that this is his make-or-break , who-am-I-really-going-to-be-in-this-league year . Coach ( Rick Carlisle ) is going to give him that opportunity . We 'll see what happens . ''
The Mavs are counting on Mayo , who averaged 12.6 points in 26.8 minutes per game for Memphis last season , to fill departed free agent Jason Terry 's role as Dirk Nowitzki 's scoring sidekick while playing an all-around game .
`` Definitely , we want to keep Dirk 's window open as long as possible to win another championship , '' Brand said . `` We 're hungry because we do n't have championships and he does . Hopefully , we make his job a lot easier . ''
Philadelphia used its one-time amnesty provision in the new CBA to let Brand go , and the Mavs won the waiver claim . The 33-year-old two-time All-Star will make $ 18.1 million in the final season of a five-year contract that will be paid mostly by the 76ers .
`` I 've still got a lot left in the tank , '' Brand said . `` I feel great . ''
Mayo thinks he has improved since his rookie year . He 's eager for the opportunity to prove it .
`` Being an elite player in this league and being able to bring it night in and night out is a big step for me , '' Mayo said . `` That 's what I want to prove this year . Being a starter guard in this league and player for a great team like the Dallas Mavericks , I can be an elite player night in and night out . ''
Added Carlisle : `` His best basketball is ahead of him . ''
Mayo said one of the reasons he chose Dallas over teams that were offering more money -- albeit not the lucrative , long-term deal he hoped to get -- was because of Carlisle 's reputation for developing young players . Mayo specifically cited the impact Carlisle made on Chauncey Billups ' career in Detroit , which Billups emphasized while encouraging Mayo to play for Carlisle .
Mayo arrived in Dallas a month ago to begin daily workouts with Carlisle , saying he `` gave my whole game '' to the coach to refine .
`` Put it this way : He 's working his butt off , he 's got the talent and he 's got the opportunity , '' Cuban said . `` Nobody 's going to be pushing harder for him to succeed than us . ''
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Hillary most qualified to lead US , says President Obama
International
oi-IANS
By Ians
Philadelphia , July 28 : `` There has never been a man or a woman , not me , not Bill ( Clinton ) , more qualified to be president '' , declared US President Barack Obama while endorsing Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Party 's presidential nomination on Wednesday night .
Making a surprise appearance at the ongoing Democratic National Convention here , Obama praised his one-time rival , Clinton , whom he defeated eight years ago , as the candidate who could accomplish all that needs yet to be done .
He proudly listed his achievements and said more was needed to be accomplished and Hillary Clinton was the leader to do it .
`` Our country is stronger , more prosperous than when we started , '' he said and ridiculed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 's assertions that the US was a failing `` crime scene '' .
He also praised former presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders for his efforts to end the role of money in politics and to promote a progressive agenda .
Clinton has been caricatured by both the right and the left , he said .
`` She has been accused of everything you can imagine , and some things you can not , '' he said .
He acknowledged that the former secretary of state had made mistakes , but asked who has not ?
His portrait of Clinton was a tough , focused leader , who also was compassionate . He called her `` a mother and grandmother who would do everything to see our children succeed . ''
IANS
This is the final in a four-part series on Christian epistemology titled “ Radical faith meets radical doubt : a Christian epistemology for skeptics ” by John G. Stackhouse , Jr .
By John G. Stackhouse , Jr .
Do Christians need the kind of radical faith that Thomas Reid , in the Scottish Enlightenment , and Alvin Plantinga , in our own time , offer as the best response to the pervasive skepticism of modernity ?
Christians traditionally aver that the Bible gives us infallible truth . But wise Christians also acknowledge that God never promises infallible interpretation to any Christian or group of Christians . The Bible is the Word of God , but any interpretation we render is , unavoidably , an interpretation we render . As such , it is limited by our limitations and flawed by our flaws .
What about the Holy Spirit , then ? Does n't the very presence of God guarantee truth to the believer ? Again , the indwelling of every believer by the Holy Spirit is a precious truth , and the assurance God gives us of his love and care and , yes , guidance thereby is a treasure indeed . But the gift of the Holy Spirit has never entailed that every Christian will score 100 % on every math test—or on/in any other test in life , either . Wherever we go—even with the Spirit of God—there we inevitably are .
The Apostle Paul comes to our aid at this point and reminds us that we walk by faith , not by sight ( II Cor . 5:7 ) , perhaps more profoundly than we knew . We walk , trusting our senses , trusting our memories , trusting our worldviews , and—in the face of all this doubt about all these good , but fallible , gifts of God—trusting God .
The fundamental truth here is that God called humanity to “ fill the earth and subdue it , to have dominion ” ( Gen. 1:28 ) and to thereby work with him to make the world all it can be . It follows from the fact of this basic commandment that human beings can trust God to give us at least enough knowledge of the world to care for it properly , even as we try faithfully to keep learning more about it so we can care for it better .
Similarly , God called the Christian Church to “ make disciples of all nations ” ( Matt . 28:19 ) , and to thereby work with God to help humanity become all we can be . It likewise follows that we Christians can trust God to give us at least enough knowledge of ourselves and our fellow human beings to disciple each other properly , even as we try faithfully to learn more about ourselves and God so we can disciple each other better .
More particularly , God calls particular groups of people and particular individuals to particular ways of making shalom and making disciples . Modern societies feature such diverse elements as the various parts and forms of the state , the family , businesses , schools , health care facilities , churches , missionary agencies , mass entertainment and news media , and so on . These various instances of shalom-making and disciple-making have particular ways of knowing , and particular bodies of knowledge , that are best suited to the fulfillment of their mission . Again , then , God can be trusted to provide these institutions and individuals distinctively what they need , including what they need epistemically , to fulfill their callings .
So we can and should rejoice in the gracious providence of God , who always supplies our needs in order for us to fulfill God 's call upon our lives . God gives us , as we pray , “ our daily bread ” —in metaphorical terms of knowledge as well as in literal terms of nourishment .
At the same time , the Bible 's depiction of human limitations squares nicely with the history of skeptical philosophy , and prompts us to be humble enough to realize how little we know , how little we know about the accuracy and completeness of what we think we know , and how much we have to trust God to guide , correct , and increase what we know according to God 's good purposes .
Do we know enough to get to work and make shalom ? Yes , we do .
Do we know enough to bear witness to the gospel and make disciples ? Yes , we do .
Do we need to claim certainty in order to fulfill the mission of God in these days ? No , we do n't .
Certainty is n't on offer . But confidence—con fide ( with faith ) —is .
That should be enough for the Christian to get through today with joy and effectiveness . And that 's all that matters ( Matt . 6:34 ) .
John G. Stackhouse Jr. is the Sangwoo Youtong Chee Professor of Theology and Culture at Regent College , Vancouver , Canada . He is the author of Need to Know : Vocation as the Heart of Christian Epistemology .
Subscribe to the OUPblog via email or RSS .
Subscribe to only religion articles on the OUPblog via email or RSS .
Given my response the other day , and the ensuing reactions , about seminaries and the TLM and the Latin language , the following is timely .
The intrepid Andrea Tornielli has a piece today in Vatican Insider about a theoretical document from the desk of Benedict XVI which aims at bolstering Latin studies .
Benedict XVI is to publish a motu proprio to establish the “ Pontificia Academia Latinitatis ” . In the Vatican , “ e-mail address ” has been translated as “ inscriptio cursus electronici ”
Andrea Tornielli
“ Foveatur lingua latina ” . Pope Benedict XVI is keen to foster people 's knowledge of the language of Cicero , Augustine and Erasmus of Rotterdam not just in the Catholic Church but also in civil society and in schools . [ Where there may be far greater likelihood of success . ] Indeed he is about to publish a motu proprio to establish the new “ Pontificia Academia Latinitatis ” . So far , the Vatican body in charge of keeping the ancient language alive has been the “ Latinitas ” foundation , which has been under the aegis of the Vatican Secretariat of State but is now destined to disappear : [ Because it was so visible before ! ] other than publishing “ Latinitas ” magazine [ I used to subscribe . ] and organising “ Certamen Vaticanum ” an international Latin poetry and prose competition , over the years , the foundation has also been in charge of translating modern words into Latin . [ Neologisms . I suppose only the Catholic Church could have the equivalent of the Académie française . ]
The imminent establishment of the new pontifical academy which will add to the eleven existing academies – including the most famous ones representing science and life – has been confirmed in a letter sent by the President of the Pontifical Council for Culture , Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi , to Fr . Romano Nicolini , an Italian priest who is massively in favour of reintroducing Latin lessons in junior high schools . Ravasi recalled that the Academy 's initiative was “ put forward by the Holy Father ” and promoted by the Vatican dicastery for culture : its members will include “ eminent academics of various nationalities , whose aim it will be to promote the use and knowledge of the Latin language in both ecclesiastical and civil contexts , including schools. ” The cardinal concluded the letter by saying that the initiative was a way of responding to “ the numerous requests we have been receiving from all across the world. ” [ Contrary to popular belief , letters and petitions make a difference . ]
It has been fifteen years [ ehem… 50 ] since John XXIII promulgated the apostolic constitution “ Veterum sapientia ” on the eve of the Second Vatican Council , establishing Latin as the eternal language of the Church and stressing its importance , asking Catholic schools and universities to brink it back to life if it were ever abandoned or neglected . [ And that was an Apostolic Constitution , the highest level document Holy Church issues . ] The Second Vatican Council maintained Latin in certain parts of the mass , but the post-conciliar liturgical reform apparently removed all trace of it from common use . And so , whereas half a century ago prelates from all over the world were able to communicate in Caesar 's language and faithful came into contact with it weekly , today Latin is not fairing too well in the Catholic Church . [ That 's one way to put it . ] Instead , it is being promoted in other lay spheres , which are interested in keeping it alive .
Academics are hard at work [ ! ] in the Holy See , coming up with neologisms to translate papal encyclicals and official documents . Translating Benedict XVI 's latest encyclical “ Caritas in veritate ” ( July 2009 ) on social emergencies and the economic and financial crisis , into Latin , was no easy task . [ I remember in Fr . Foster 's class I was called upon to do some simultaneous translation from a Time magazine article on the economy and was flustered by “ marginal propensity to consume ” . ] Some of the choices made by the Holy See 's Latin experts were criticised by influential Jesuit magazine La Civiltà Cattolica , which questioned the use of the terms “ delocalizatio ” , “ anticonceptio ” and “ sterilizatio ” , but approved “ plenior libertas ” for liberalisation and “ fanaticus furor ” for fanaticism . Some of the stranger translations included the term “ fontes alterius generis ” for alternative energy sources and “ fontes energiae qui non renovantur ” for non renewable energy sources . [ egads ]
The Pope 's idea to establish a new Pontifical Academy is an important sign of renewed focus on the significance of Latin . Fr . Nicolini – who distributed ten thousand copies of a free introductory booklet to the Latin language in middle schools and is sending out an appeal for it to be included again in school curriculums – stated : “ Latin teaches us to show respect for beautiful things and it also teaches us to value our roots . ”
One of the men in charge of updating the Latin glossary which will make it possible to communicate even today in the language spoke by Cicero , is 47 year old Fr . Roberto Spataro , Professor of Ancient Christian Literature and Secretary of the Pontificium Institutum Altioris latinitatis ( known today as the Faculty of Christian and Classical Letters ) founded by Paul VI in what is currently the Salesian Pontifical University of Rome . “ How would I translate “ poison pen letter writer ” ? I knew that question was coming… Well , I would translate it as : “ Domesticus delator ” or “ Intestinus proditor ” , the priest said . He also explained how Latin neologisms are born : “ There are two schools of thought . The first is what we may call the Anglo-Saxon school of thought , which holds that before a neologism is created , we need to sieve through all the texts that have been written in Latin – and not just classical Latin – throughout the centuries . The other school of thought , which for the sake of ease I will call Latin , holds that we can be freer in creating a circumlocution that properly conveys the idea and meaning of a modern word , whilst maintaining the flavour of classical Ciceronian Latin . ”
Launched in 2013 , the negotiations of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) between the United States and the European Union entered their 15th round on 3 October 2016 . In New York , the EU 's Chief TTIP Negotiator Ignacio Garcia Bercero has maintained that the TTIP would work to “ shape global regulations to the benefits of consumers ” , although a rising number of EU state officials have acknowledged that the continuation of negotiations is a mere “ face-saving exercise ” after its de facto failure .
The TTIP
In short , the TTIP claims it will facilitate commercial exchanges of goods and services , and enhance transatlantic investments . These two aims are to be achieved through the removal of trade barriers , including tariffs and non-tariff measures – because it focuses more on trade regulation than on tariffs , the TTIP is part of the “ new generation ” of trade deals . There is indeed a distinction to be made between the “ old ” and “ new ” worlds of trade deals : as identified by Pascal Lamy , “ old ” deals were dominated by states and aimed to administer protection from foreign competition , while “ new ” deals are dominated by corporate power and aim to open markets in a world of transnational production through the eradication of regulatory differences , thus administering precaution and consumers ' exposure to risk . With “ new generation ” trade deals such as the TTIP , differences in regulations would be resolved by applying the principles of mutual recognition , regulation harmonisation , and regulatory cooperation . Potential economic gains of the TTIP have been advertised by official negotiators – facilitated foreign market access , cost-reductions from regulatory convergence – despite economists ' consensus on the high uncertainty surrounding the actual economic benefits to be derived from the agreement . Once finalised , the agreement will need to be approved by the European Parliament and the European Council , ratified by the 28 EU Member States , and by both houses of the US Congress . However , the prospects for smooth negotiations and successful ratification seem to have dwindled over the past 3 years , as opposition to the TTIP has soared on both sides of the Atlantic .
The Origins of Anti-TTIP Protest
From 2014 to 2016 , the numbers of American and German citizens supportive of the TTIP have gone down from 53 % and 55 % to feeble 18 % and 17 % respectively . The fact that the trade agreement does not find support in the state that has not only been its strongest element politically and economically , but that has historically been at the heart of the European project holds great significance regarding support for the deal in Europe at large . German civil society has been at the forefront of European collective action against the TTIP negotiations , organizing and extending the struggle beyond its borders . When considering the factors underlying European opposition to the TTIP , one mainly finds resistance to the levelling-down of labour rights , consumer laws , and environmental regulation , as well as fears of domineering corporate power .
What industrial lobbies call ‘ barriers ' to trade , citizens and NGOs refer as ‘ safeguards ' . The TTIP 's discourse of recognition , harmonisation , and cooperation has been interpreted by many European citizens as one of deregulation . This is largely due to the fact that bridging the gap between the EU and the US approaches to risk-analysis – respectively precautionary-principle and sound-science – seems more likely to lead to a downward harmonisation of EU to US standards than an upward harmonisation of US to EU standards . Experts have confirmed EU citizens ' fears by showing that harmonisation could seriously undermine the levels of protection of public health , safety , and the environment in the EU . Documents leaked in May 2016 by Greenpeace have provided further insight into the “ scope of US demands to lower or circumvent EU protections ” : for example , the US is pushing for the EU 's adoption of a ‘ low level presence ' initiative regarding GMOs allowing for the import of cargo containing traces of GMO strains , which is currently strictly unauthorized in the EU due to food safety and cross-pollination concerns .
Moreover , citizens fear that the TTIP will weaken the democratic decisions of sovereign states to the benefit of multinational corporations . And indeed , as has been acknowledged in a letter from Merkel 's office to Foodwatch , policy discretion in the EU and its member states could become “ somewhat restricted ” by the agreement . This infringement on state 's political and legislative sovereignty would be a result of the Investor State Dispute Settlement mechanism ( ISDS ) , enabling foreign investors to sue states before private arbitration panels . This has quite expectedly generated fears of dominance of private jurisdiction and corporate power over democracy and state sovereignty ; the threat of multi-billion dollar ISDS lawsuits appearing to be an effective tool for corporate influence over governments . Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann voiced his citizens ' concerns when affirming that the ISDS would create “ dangerous special rights for corporations . ”
Over the last decades , Canada itself has had to battle against US corporations under the North American Free Trade Agreement , concerning issues such as the outlawing of carcinogenic chemicals in petrol , and has had to cede to corporate power on countless instances . Ultimately , the massive liabilities associated with ISDS would eat away state 's sovereignty , not only in the EU member-states and the US , but also in the rest of the world : if implemented , the TTIP is likely to set a golden standard for international trade .
The Change in European Protest Culture
In its risks and opportunities assessment , the EU clearly pitted the levelling down of regulation standards against unfair competition for European farmers and small businesses . This specific framing of the issue should have led to a collective-action problem , purposefully scattering the potential opponents to the agreement . However , no issue has mobilized Europeans citizens so much as the TTIP – in 2016 , up to 250,000 people gathered in Berlin for the largest set of protests in Germany since 2003 manifestations against the Iraq war . Considering the de facto failure of the TTIP , it seems people power has regained a dynamism that had been faltering of late . The nature of this rising people power seems to differ across the Atlantic , though some characteristics are shared . The opposition against the TTIP crosses the traditional left-right divide in both the EU and the US , regrouping otherwise antithetical political entities under its banner . The UKIP and Front National have both co-opted the anti-TTIP argument , while Greenpeace , the citizen movement Campact , and the consumer protection group Foodwatch have been at the forefront of the Berlin-based Stop TTIP campaign . In the US , both presidential candidates have blamed the TTIP for its high potential in job losses . However , significant differences between the EU and the US opponents to TTIP reveal a change in European protest culture .
In the EU , opposition has united public health insurers , unions , and environmental and consumer groups , and has been revealingly strongest in Germany and Austria , two European states characterized by their high net export rates , strong social systems , low rates of unemployment , and high education levels . Although counterintuitive , this fact shows that European citizens at large protest not only against heightened prospects of unemployment , but also and more importantly against multinational firms ' dominance on regulatory procedures , the lowering of environmental and food security standards , and the democratic deficit of negotiations . In effect , a change in protest culture has taken place , enabled by the professionalization of NGOs allying and giving momentum to the movement . Protest is not just about “ fighting against the four letters ” , but rather about the preservation of “ democracy and European values ” . In short , European opposition has considered the externalities ( be they environmental , social , or cultural ) that would be generated by the trade deal , building its assessment of the deal on the larger social costs of the agreement rather than its pure economic costs . This is explaining why Germany , a nation of exporters , is so suspicious of liberalising trade through “ new generation ” trade agreements .
In contrast , the TTIP in the US has become the target of anti-globalisation rhetoric and economic anxiety , with both presidential candidates accusing the Obama administration of promoting an agreement that would cause unemployment to soar and additional downward-pressure on wages . The anti-trade rhetoric in the US garners support mostly in post-industrial regions where jobs have suffered from NAFTA and China 's entry in the WTO .
To understand such stark contrast between the European and American oppositions to the TTIP , one must return Pascal Lamy 's distinction between the “ old ” and “ new ” worlds of trade deals . While in the US , we see an anti-TTIP response typical of “ old generation ” trade deals , the EU has produced a response that has identified the stakes and challenges characteristic of the “ new generation ” of trade deals .
What To Expect ? The Salience of the EU and Democracy
New targets for anti-TTIP protesters are found in the “ new generation ” of trade deals . These include the Trade in Services Agreement ( TiSA ) , a US-led service-sector agreement to be signed between 23 political units ( countries or blocs ) , and the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) , a trade agreement signed on 29 February 2016 between the EU and Canada , now awaiting ratification . CETA is similar to the TTIP in that it has raised concerns regarding its effect on regulatory standards , public services , state sovereignty , and democratic transparency . Although the CETA and the TTIP are equally opposed by European civil society ( in fact , the Stop TTIP campaign is directed against both of the treaties ) , EU state officials are inconsistent in their appraisal of the agreements : French and German politicians who have effectively declared the end of TTIP are favourable to the CETA , while Austria , Bulgaria , Hungary , Romania and Slovenia still have reservations . Surprisingly , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , despite his notorious left-of-centre political orientation , has dismissed the European citizens and state officials ' reluctance as “ demagoguery and protectionism ” – failing to grasp the innovative dynamics underlying anti-trade protest in the EU .
In light of the change in EU protest culture , it seems that prospects for future “ new generation ” trade agreements are rather bleak on the old Continent . This is neither anti-Americanism , nor anti-liberalism . Rather , opposition to “ new generation ” trade deals has revealed the salience of the EU and democratic values across class distinctions – against all odds and despite Euroscepticism and Brexit-induced cynicism .
Man should be a feminist and support gender equality in all spheres
Yes , Kochi Airport , or as it is officially know as Cochin International Airport ( COK ) run and owned by the Cochin International Airport Limited ( CIAL ) is in the news for commissioning its 12MW solar power plant with the aim to be the first airport to be run entirely by solar power .
It 's a great initiative . According to it 's latest annual report , the airport spends approximately $ 2.2 million to purchase electricity .
Here is a another interesting fact we found in the annual report :
Foreign exchange earning for the year ( 1 April 2014 to 31 March 2015 ) show that income from airport charges have drop to just under seven thousand rupees ( roughly $ 100 ) . Down from over 767 , 726 rupees the previous year ( $ 11,000 ) . That 's a pretty steep drop but I do n't think anyone needs to lose sleep .
The airport has earned over 1.62 billion rupees from its duty-free shop . That 's $ 26 million . Nothing else comes close to it . The Airport 's total income for the year was roughly $ 66.6 million . That 's roughly 40 % of the total income . Not bad .
According to this report in The Hindu :
Presently , the airport company runs a cluster of duty-free shops on an area of 10,000 square feet and plans to expand the business to 40,000 square feet with the opening of its upcoming international terminal .
The Kochi Airport is not unique . Duty Free and retail makes up a good portion of airports globally . For example , Heathrow got 21.3 % of its income from retail in 2010 , compared to 53 % from aeronautical .
Here is a table from a study done on Non-Aviation Revenue in the Airport Business – Evaluating Performance Measurement for a Changing Value Proposition by Max J Zenglein and Jürgen Müller of Berlin School of Economics . It 's a bit dated and the data shown below are from 2005 .
The same is true for North America :
In 2012 , according to the FAA , U.S. airports generated $ 9.31 billion in aeronautical revenue , and that was 55.2 % of total operating revenue . Non-aeronautical revenue was n't too far behind , amounting to $ 7.56 billion , or 44.8 % of total operating revenue .
Cochin Airport ( CIAL ) although majority owned by the government is a private company . It has become successful example of Public Private Partnership model . The duty free is managed directly by the airport and the Air Kerala venture ( low cost international and domestic service ) is a subsidiary of the airport company .
If India allows open skies , Kochi ( COK ) can be a hub for international air traffic from the Middle East and Europe to South East Asia and Australia . Also Africa to Asia routes . It 's an untapped gold mine .
The airport can invite flights flying above to make a stop for free and make money from the shopping and F & B .
Compose Haiku with anonymous strangers that range from absurd to profound to risqué .
Inspired by the ancient Japanese tradition of Renku : linked verse poetry .
The app will help you stick to the traditional 5-7-5 syllables format and give you random word prompts for inspiration . Once submitted , your verses will link up with those by other people and form a Haiku . The end result is then open to interpretation .
If you share your location , you will be able to see where in the world your collaborators are . Your precise location is never revealed : only the region or city you are in .
As you play and share your creations , you may discover special corners of the app where you 'll find some secrets . But do n't dig too deep , unless you are prepared to get lost .
Exclusive to OpEdNews : OpEdNews Op Eds 12/23/2007 at 23:02:42
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
Twas the night before Christmas , when all through the White House
Not a creature was stirring , not even my spouse ,
The stockings were hung up by the chimney with care ,
- Advertisement -
And the shredders were humming in the chilly night air
Our spinners and fixers all snug in their beds
- Advertisement -
While visions of water boarding danced in their heads .
Now Laura in 'kerchief , and me in a nightcap ,
Had settled our brains for a long winter 's nap .
When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter ,
Agents sprang from their bunks to see what was the matter .
- Advertisement -
Away to the window they flew with guns pointed ,
Tore open the shutters and were not disappointed .
The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow
Gave the luster of mid-day to a bloodbath below .
When , what to our wondering eyes did unfold ,
A nativity play of events rarely told .
First the old torturer , so lively and quick ,
Vice President Cheney dressed up as St Nick .
More rapid than eagles his helpers they came ,
Carrying gags , hot pokers , sundry handtools of pain .
A replica dungeon sprang up on the grass ,
Writhing with suspects , sticks up their ass .
Twas a moving rendition of the CIA 's Mission
A sacred tableau : The American Inquisition !
Habeas corpus we burned at the stake ,
Air strikes on Arabs are ducks on a plate .
Five million orphans adrift in Iraq
But the oil still flows , the plan is on track .
And then , in a twinkling , it was heard on the roof
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof ,
As three men on camels leapt into the garden ;
One was none other than Osama bin Laden .
`` Welcome my brother '' came Dick 's merry greeting ,
`` I know we are soul mates and your visit is fleeting '' .
The pair danced a jig and bowed to the crowd
Sweet Laura asked , `` Should this be allowed '' ?
Now Cheney is sweating from his head to his foot ,
And his fat face is tarnished with ashes and soot .
Electrodes and thumb screws he 's flung on his back ,
And he looks like a psychopath , poised to attack .
But a wink of his eye and a twist of his head ,
Assured all those present they had nothing to dread .
We 've erased all evidence , he said with delight ,
While our tortures continue , late into the night .
The stump of an infant he held tight in his teeth ,
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath .
And I heard him exclaim , 'ere he drove out of sight ,
`` Happy Christmas to all , and to all a good-night ! ''
Richard Neville
