More than 840,000 Cisco networking devices from around the world are exposed to a vulnerability that 's similar to one exploited by a hacking group believed to be linked to the U.S. National Security Agency .
The vulnerability was announced by Cisco last week and it affects the IOS , IOS XE , and IOS XR software that powers many of its networking devices . The flaw allows hackers to remotely extract the contents of a device 's memory , which can lead to the exposure of sensitive information .
The vulnerability stems from how the OS processes IKEv1 ( Internet Key Exchange version 1 ) requests . This key exchange protocol is used for VPNs ( Virtual Private Networks ) and other features that are popular in enterprise environments .
Cisco discovered the vulnerability internally after analyzing an exploit for Cisco PIX firewalls that was leaked last month by a hacking outfit called Shadow Brokers . The exploit was part of a larger set of attack tools that Shadow Brokers claimed are being used by a cyberespionage group known in the security industry as the Equation , believed to be linked to the NSA .
Because other hackers could find the same flaw by analyzing the exploit leaked by Shadow Brokers , Cisco decided to inform its customers about it through a security advisory , even though the company is still working on developing and releasing patches .
Many of the affected IOS , IOS XE , and IOS XR releases do n't yet have fixed versions , but Cisco released detection signatures for intrusion prevention systems that could be used to protect networks from potential attacks .
The Shadowserver Foundation , an organization that tracks cybercrime and assists with botnet takedowns , has started an internet-wide scan to find Cisco devices affected by this vulnerability with the goal of reporting them to their owners .
Its latest scan , which ran for two and a half hours on Wednesday , identified devices with 840,681 distinct IP addresses that responded as vulnerable to the probe .
The U.S. is the country with the largest number of vulnerable devices -- 255,606 -- followed by Russia with 42,281 , and the United Kingdom with 42,138 . Canada , Germany , Japan , Mexico , France , Australia , and China complete the top 10 .
The event is non-residential but if you want to spend more time in Cambridge we have listed accommodation options .
Sign up to the FP Day email list for news and offers for this and future FP Days .
FP Day is a new one-day event for the Functional Programming community in the UK and around the world .
Intended to be hands-on and interactive , FP day will give you the opportunity to share experiences with others , find out more about the latest tools and techniques available , network with your peers and have a thoroughly enjoyable experience .
The event will also have a strong , practical focus on learning more about the principles of Functional Programming , using it effectively and exploring possibilities with current FP technologies .
THE EVENT PROGRAMME
The final programme includes : keynotes from Simon Peyton Jones and Don Syme , practical sessions on programming with Haskell , Clojure and F # , short talks on Functional Programming with real-world examples and plenty of general discussions on different FP languages .
See the full event programme .
WHO SHOULD ATTEND
This event is for anyone involved in programming . It offers value for money and is suitable for : software developers , software architects , consultants , researchers , students and others .
KEYNOTE SPEAKERS
We are very pleased to welcome our keynote speakers , Simon Peyton-Jones and Don Syme .
Simon Peyton-Jones
Keynote : Towards Haskell in the Cloud
Don Syme
Keynote : F # Today , F # Tomorrow Data-Rich Programming Meets Functional Programming Super-Drug
About Simon Peyton-Jones Bio : Simon Peyton-Jones , MA , MBCS , CEng , graduated from Trinity College Cambridge in 1980 . After two years in industry , he spent seven years as a lecturer at University College London , and nine years as a professor at Glasgow University , before moving to Microsoft Research ( Cambridge ) in 1998 . His main research interest is in functional programming languages , their implementation , and their application . He has led a succession of research projects focused around the design and implementation of production-quality functional-language systems for both uniprocessors and parallel machines . He was a key contributor to the design of the now-standard functional language Haskell , and is the lead designer of the widely-used Glasgow Haskell Compiler ( GHC ) . He has written two textbooks about the implementation of functional languages . More generally , he is interested in language design , rich type systems , software component architectures , compiler technology , code generation , runtime systems , virtual machines , and garbage collection . He is particularly motivated by direct use of principled theory to practical language design and implementation -- that 's one reason he loves functional programming so much . His home page can be found at http : //research.microsoft.com/~simonpj .
About Don Syme Bio : Don Syme is a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research , Cambridge . He is the designer of the F # language , recently released as F # 2.0 , including the innovative F # parallel and asynchronous programming model . He is also the co-designer and co-implementer of generics for the .NET CLR , used as a fundamental part of the programming models of C # , F # and Visual Basic , and widely seen as one of the primary language features that differentiates .NET languages from JVM-based languages . Don 's interests currently lie in information-rich typed functional programming for data-analysis , server-side programming and cloud computing . Roulette ist ein lustiges und spannendes Spiel und ist jetzt für Schweizer Spieler verfügbar , mehr dazu hier .
VENUE
FP Day 2011 will take place at Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge .
MEMBERS ONLY
BOOK NOW
Booking for FP day is now open . Click here to pay online via credit card or to request an invoice . Prices go up as the event gets closer .
CONTACT THE ORGANISERS
FP Day 2011 is organised by Software Acumen , based in Cambridge , England . We specialise in running practical events for software communities around the world .
FP DAY HOTLINE
You may also call +44 ( 0 ) 1223 900107 if you have questions about the event .
© Software Acumen , 2011 .
The map below shows the territorial and military situation in the Arctic and describes the Russian military devepolments in the region . This product is relised due to your support . Help produce interesting content and join our struggle by donating via PayPal : [ email protected ] or via : http : //southfront.org/donate/
The Arctic shelf is the one of the reasons why the United States would like to destabilize Russia . The Arctic contains up to 30 percent of the world 's oil and gas . As technologies have advanced , more and more of hydrocarbons have become recoverable and viable . The stretch of sea can also provide new shipping lanes for goods traveling between Asia and America and Europe . Hoping to get its hands on the entire Arctic , Washingtonis militarizing the region and reportedly wants to bring regime change in Russia .
In 2014 , the Arctic Joint Strategic Command “ North ” was established by the Russian military on the basis of the North Fleet , then reinforced with manpower and hardware from the Western , Central and Eastern Military Districts stationed in circumpolar areas . Russia is also in the process of building of 10 airfields and 13 air-defense radar stations in the Novoribirskie Islands , Frans Josef Land , Novaya Zemlya and other points of Russian Arctic.The ground element of the command will incorporate two Arctic motorized infantry brigades , Air Defense forces consisting of Pantsir-S1 missile and other systems and the Northern Fleet will become its main striking force . Furthermore , by 2017 the Tiksi airport complex will be operational , and it will be garrisoned with upgraded MiG- 31 interceptors
The next important thing is that Russia has established the Independent Military Group of Aerospace Forces in the Arctic region . The Aerospace Forces as a new branch of the military was activated on the 3rd August . They have been formed by the merger of the Russian Air Force ( VVS ) and the Russian Aerospace Defense Forces ( VKO ) . The VKO is responsible for providing airborne protection of the country ; to be able to defeat opposinf forces using both conventional and nuclear weapons ; to provide aviation support for the other armed services ; protect against ballistic missiles ; provide early warning ; launch military and dual-use satellites ; maintain military satellites ; and monitor , identify , and protect Russia from space threats .
The U.S.-Canada North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) is a vital opponent of Russian VKO in the Arctic . Officially defensive combined organization NORAD publicly states that it is ready to hit any targets and prevent threats in zone of its responsibility . Indeed , the defensive U.S.-Canadian organization claims its zone of responsibility includes all Arctic region including Russian coast .
We give the detailed data about the Northern Fleet to showcase the approximate power of the Arctic Joint Strategic Command “ North ” .
NORTHERN FLEET OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION
The Northern Fleet ( NF ) is an operational-strategic association of the Navy of Russia . It includes :
Surface fleet :
Aircraft carrier – 1
Cruiser – 4
Frigate – 9
Small warship – 10
Minesweeper – 11
Large landing craft – 4
Assault landing craft – 4
Submarine fleet :
Strategic heavy missiles underwater cruiser – 10
Multi-role cruise-missile-carrying nuclear submarine – 4
Nuclear-powered attack submarine – 14
Atomic deep submergence station – 7 ( no pukka gen )
Diesel-electric submarine – 8
Experimental submarine – 1
Auxiliary fleet :
Nuclear maintenance ship – 4
Repair ship – 9
Special liquids tanker – 2
Shuttle tanker – 5
Sar vessel – 2
Medical service vessel – 1
Recon ship – 3
SouthFront Team is digging deeply to improve our products . The next update of the Arctic map will include additional information about the military forces and developments in the region . Wait it in the nearest time .
Share . `` Coming soon '' to Xbox Live . `` Coming soon '' to Xbox Live .
Arrested Development and BoJack Horseman actor Will Arnett has partnered with Xbox to create a gaming-related series , called Game Chat .
Exit Theatre Mode
Announced via the trailer above , Game Chat will feature Arnett and his `` bros '' playing and discussing various games on Xbox consoles . The trailer indicates that the first episode will feature Turtle Rock Stuiods ' recently released 4v1 multiplayer shooter , Evolve .
Arnett had this to say regarding the new series : `` Love gaming w/ my Bros so @ Xbox asked us to start filming this Clown Show . ''
More details should be revealed in the near future , as Game Chat is `` coming soon '' to Xbox Live .
Jordan Sirani is a freelance news writer for IGN . You can follow him on Twitter @ jdsirani .
Former GOP Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin . ( AP Photo )
( CNSNews.com ) - Former Alaska Gov . and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin says Republicans need to do a better job of explaining what 's at stake in the upcoming presidential election :
`` We 're not explaining to the rest of America , who thinks that they 're going to get a bunch of free stuff from Obama , that you have a choice . You either get free stuff or you get freedom . You can not have both , and you need to make a choice .
`` And if we could explain and get that message through to people that there is no such thing as a free lunch -- and that we are an insolvent nation when you consider us being $ 16 trillion in debt , we 're broke . We ca n't keep continuing down this path . ''
If the player does not load , please check that you are running the latest version of Adobe Flash Player .
Palin told Fox News 's Bill O'Reilly Tuesday that many `` common-sense , fiscally conservative , independent Americans '' are thinking , `` Come on Republicans . ''
If the party ca n't light a fire under its base -- `` and get them convinced that Barack Obama 's lack of a plan to get us out of these economically woeful times -- if you ca n't get your message through that filter of the media , then we 're in a world of hurt . ''
Palin , who did not attend the republican National Convention , said Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney should be more aggressive in attacking Obama 's record . `` Yes , he needs to be severely aggressive in his -- in his articulation , '' she told O'Reilly .
`` what they have to do is , they have to lay out the choice for the American public . They have to tell us , are you for empowering the individual or are you for this nonsense of Barack Obama 's of growing this dysfunctional debt-ridden , $ 16 trillion-in-debt , this government -- which one do you want , people ? ''
Arsenal have completed the signing of Sweden midfielder Kim Kallstrom on loan until the end of the season from Russian club Spartak Moscow .
The 31-year-old will provide cover for the injured Aaron Ramsey and Jack Wilshere , while Mathieu Flamini is suspended for the next three games .
Wenger said : `` He has proven quality at both club and international level . We welcome Kim to Arsenal . ''
Meanwhile the Gunners boss has ruled out buying Schalke 's Julian Draxler .
Kallstrom said : `` Arsenal is an amazing club with a lot of great players and a coach who has done really well here for a long time .
`` I am so pleased to come here to learn as much as possible . I 'm here to do my best for Arsenal and to help out the team , so we can achieve good results for the last part of the season . ''
The Draxler situation has been created by the newspapers , not by me ... he will stay at Schalke Arsene Wenger
Kallstrom joined Spartak in 2012 following a six-year spell with Lyon , where he played more than 200 games and helped the French side to the Champions League semi-finals in 2010 .
Wenger added : `` We 've been hit by the red card of Flamini , and Jack Wilshere is also not available . So in the area where we had plenty of players , suddenly we are a bit short . ''
Attacking midfielder Draxler , 20 , who has played 10 times for Germany , was linked with a move to Arsenal and reportedly would have cost £37m .
He helped Schalke make it out of the group stage of the Champions League before Christmas .
The German side will play Real Madrid over two legs in the last 16 .
`` The Draxler situation has been created by the newspapers , not by me . He will stay at Schalke , '' said Wenger .
Chinese billionaire Pony Ma does not flaunt his strategies like Alibaba 's Jack Ma or Japanese mogul Masayoshi Son .
Pony Ma 's company , Tencent , has moved with the stealth of its founder this year , making a series of investments in Western companies that are significant , but not splashy : A 5 percent stake in Tesla , a 10 percent stake in Snap , an investment in Essential Products , and now , reportedly , a 10 percent stock swap with Spotify .
With the possible exception of social media company Snap , these companies — a carmaker , a phone maker and a music streaming app — have little to do with WeChat and video games , all part of Tencent 's core businesses .
Yet they do have something in common : They are among the few companies that are considered contenders against companies like Facebook , Apple , Amazon and Google .
Tencent may not be well-known to American consumers , but it recently became the first Asian tech company to be valued over $ 500 billion , on the heels of companies like Facebook and Amazon . And its long enjoyed a 'frenemy ' sort of relationship with the biggest U.S. Internet firms .
Amazon helped back Tencent 's investment in Essential 's new phone , for example , and Tencent-backed `` League of Legends '' is a popular attraction on Amazon 's gaming platform , Twitch . At the same time , Tencent launched a U.S.-rival to Amazon Web Services .
Analysts have pointed to WeChat 's popularity in China as a major challenge for Apple — which in response has tried to beef up its own messaging platforms and offer prompt cooperation with Chinese lawmakers . ( When asked about this relationship recently , Apple CEO Tim Cook said , `` I see Tencent as one of our biggest and best developers , '' and pledged to work more with Tencent going forward . )
Facebook 's relationship with Tencent is perhaps the most rivalrous . According to a report in Bloomberg Businessweek , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg swooped in on Tencent 's talks to acquire WhatsApp while Ma was recovering from back surgery .
And in addition to its stake in Tesla , Tencent has also an autonomous car project , a health diagnostics platform , advertising services , and other `` moonshot '' projects that should sound familiar to any investor in companies like Alphabet .
As 2017 comes to a close , it 's more clear than ever that Tencent is a silent threat to American technology giants . The company lurks under the guise of mid-sized companies across Silicon Valley , ready to ambush .
When critics have questioned whether upstarts like Snap or Spotify can take on Facebook and Apple , Tencent has come to their defense behind the front lines and strengthened their odds .
Perhaps the enemies of Tencent 's enemies can look forward to more big checks .
Disclosure : CNBC parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Snap .
I have observed many ideas about and reactions to the election since November that perplex me . One idea that stands out among Hillary fans is that Bernie was too dirty in the primary and has a lot of ground to make up if he is to win the support of the Clinton wing of the Democratic Party going forward . I will not address the absurdity of this idea here , but I highlight it to make a point : Hillary fans still have no idea what happened in 2016 that led to Donald Trump being president . This is particularly troubling given the small window of opportunity we have to replace Trump . Hillary fans , allow me to clue you in to the deciding issue of the 2016 election : many Trump voters ― nearly half ― believe that Trump 's victory was a victory against the Illuminati . And , because of that , nearly none of his scandals or failures matter to them .
In December , after an armed man walked into the DC pizza restaurant at the center of the “ pizzagate ” conspiracy , Economist and YouGov conducted a poll of Clinton and Trump voters about belief in conspiracies surrounding the election . A whopping 46 percent of Trump voters believed that leaked Clinton and Clinton loyalist emails contained information about a child sex ring being run out of the DC pizza shop . I was admittedly late to the “ pizzagate ” story as I tend to stay away from internet conspiracies , but once I researched it I discovered that this conspiracy is an extension of the Illuminati conspiracy . Believers thought the emails were in code , that the symbols on the front of the pizza place were Illuminati symbols , etc . Trump voters largely believe that Clinton is part of a global conspiracy run by the world 's wealthiest and most influential people . If we do not address this going forward , the Democratic Party will continue to make the same mistake it made in nominating Hillary .
Understand that when I say it was a mistake to nominate Hillary Clinton I am merely pointing out the fact that 2016 was a change election and she was an establishment candidate . But , to further muddy the waters , it was also very easy to paint her as a globalist . The Clintons have been mentioned in scandals going all the way back to President Clinton 's rise to fame in Arkansas . Their record is long and very well known . She has seemingly been on a two-decade long campaign for president . I know it is a little confusing that Trump , a self-proclaimed billionaire , is seen by Trump voters as not a part of the global , billionaire conspiracy . But , believe me when I say it is easy to paint Hillary as part of it herself . This was an easy sell for Trump to his voters and he had blowhards like Alex Jones to go further in tying her to the Illuminati than Trump would go in public . Trump voters view him as self-made and an outsider to politics . They view Hillary as deeply tied to the system that they have come to hate .
Going forward the Democratic Party must come to grips with the fact that we nominated a candidate who half of Trump voters view as part of the global Illuminati conspiracy . If we are to win in 2020 , I do not think just being the anti-Trump Democrat will be enough to win us back the White House . We need to build a deep bench of and support candidates who are viewed as change agents who are not deeply tied to the establishment . I know many establishment Democrats are licking their chops at the opportunity to run against Trump , but many of them need to sit this one out . If you are an establishment Democrat , this is not your fight . We need fresh faces , new ideas and candidates who project independence from the system .
Kirron Kher said it is the boys who should be kept at home , not girls . ( File Photo )
Kirron Kher , the BJP legislator from Chandigarh , delivered a scathing criticism of fellow BJP man Ramveer Bhatti , saying she was `` embarrassed '' to be called his party colleague . Mr Bhatti had questioned why the 29-year-old Varnika Kundu , who was stalked and almost got kidnapped last week , was out at night . `` Parents must take care of their children ... they should n't allow them to roam at night . Children should come home on time , why stay out at night ? '' Mr Bhatti said . His comment was seen as victim shaming in an attempt to save the alleged accused , Vikas Barala , the son of the state 's topmost BJP leader Subhash Barala . Since yesterday , activists and people on social media heaped scorn on Mr Bhatti , who is Mr Barala 's deputy . Ms Kher , an outspoken actor-politician , had been among the first to speak out . Today she said it is the boys who should be kept at home , not girls . `` Why is there danger at night and not during the day ? They should tell boys not to go out at night , '' Ms Kher said.Ms Kundu and her father , Haryana bureaucrat Virendar Kundu , did not pull any punches . As her father called Mr Bhatti 's attitude `` pre-historic '' , Ms Kundu aslo lashed out , saying , `` It is none of his business , it is my business and my family 's what I do and where . `` If it was n't for men like these , I would n't be unsafe going out ... whether it was 12 am or 2 am or 4 am , '' the 29-year-old further said.A senior woman officer is likely to be given charge of the investigation after speculation that the police is under pressure to engineer a cover-up for the BJP , which rules Haryana . Vikas Barala and his friend were arrested , but let off within hours because the charges against them were bailable . The police have denied the speculations . Senior officer Satish Kumar said they have recovered CCTV footage from five cameras in the area , which provide evidence of the chase .
Today , SDRplay , the UK-based manufacturer of affordable software defined receivers , announced a new addition to their product line : the SDRplay RSP-1A .
The RSP1A joins the SDRplay product line of the RSP2 ( $ 169.95 US ) , and RSP2 Pro ( $ 199.95 US ) . The new RSP1A will retail for $ 99.00 US .
But what of this SDR 's performance ? In a nutshell : as of today , I 'd contend that the RSP1A will simply be the best SDR value on the market . End of story . There is nothing I know in the $ 99 price bracket that can beat it .
How do I know this ? I can make this statement with confidence because I have been involved with real-world testing and evaluation of the RSP1A Alpha , Beta , and production models since May . I took the RSP1A with me to Canada this past summer for field recordings with my laptop , and I 've also evaluated the RSP at my home . Like a number of other reviewers , I 've been intimately involved with putting the RSP1A through its paces . And let 's just say I like what I 've seen .
I actually do quite a bit of Alpha and Beta testing for manufacturers . While it 's time-consuming volunteer work and requires meticulous attention to minor details , it gives me an opportunity to have meaningful positive impact on an upcoming product . Manufacturers that actively involve enthusiasts in their testing phase tend to produce better-quality products on the first run . Better products , of course , mean a better radio market with options for those only now discovering the mystery––and fun––of radio as well as DXing .
Since the RSP1A is essentially iterative agility on behalf of SDRplay , the RSP1A was surprisingly solid even in its early release . And try as I might , there were very few issues I ever needed to report back to the engineering team . SDRplay took each item of feedback seriously , logged it , and followed-up . Over the course of the evaluation period , SDRplay improved their dedicated SDR application SDRuno , as well .
In essence , the RSP1A hardware now in production and shipping has been thoroughly tested and is ripe-and-ready for your radio adventures .
I have not compared the RSP and RSP1A side by side ; running two instances of SDRuno on the same PC has been problematic . To my ear , when I 've tested one after the other , the RSP1A serves up slightly better sensitivity , perhaps due to a slightly lower noise floor . Also the RSP1A frequency stability is much improved over the RSP1 .
Specifically , the following upgrades have been made per SDRplay :
ADC resolution increased to 14-bit native for sample rates below 6 MHz , increasing to 16 bits with decimation
Enhanced RF pre-selection ( greater filter selectivity plus 4 additional sub-bands compared to the original RSP1 ) for reduced levels of spurious responses
Improved LNA architecture with variable gain––the RSP1 had just a single gain step
Improved intermodulation performance
Performance extended to cover 1kHz to 2 GHz with a single antenna port .
Bias-T facility
Improved frequency stability incorporating a 0.5ppm TCXO ( software trimmable to 0.01ppm )
Selectable broadcast AM/FM/DAB notch filters
RF shielding within the robust plastic casing
Performance
Suffice to say , this budget SDR delivers , and users will be wooed by its stellar performance .
I 've spent 95 % of my evaluation time on the HF and mediumwave bands and I 've been impressed with the receiver 's sensitivity , selectivity , and AGC control . The audio fidelity is also highly customizable since it 's pumping audio directly through your PC 's system .
I have n't spent any time above the aviation bands ( higher than 140 MHz ) ; I have , however , tested the RSP1A thoroughly on the FM broadcast bands and found it a solid FM performer . Note , too , that SDRuno 's built-in RDS decoder window provides quite a lot of data .
I 'm also pleased that I have n't noticed any front-end overloading––this , despite the fact that during travel , I 've used it in the vicinity of some powerful broadcasters .
Comparing to benchmarks
I 've compared the RSP1A to the Elad FDM-S2 ( $ 500 ) , WinRadio Excalibur ( $ 900 ) and Microtelecom Perseus ( $ 900 ) .
But let 's be clear , here : this is not an “ apples-to-apples ” comparison since the RSP1A is a fraction of the cost of the others , and is also a wideband receiver ( 1 kHz to 2 GHz ) . The only other SDR I own that has VHF coverage is the FDM-S2 , which tops out at 160 MHz .
Pricier HF-focused SDRs have distinct hardware advantages––especially in terms of filtering––that give them an edge over budget wideband SDRs . Still , in my comparisons , the RSP1A holds its own quite well .
Compared to the WinRadio Excalibur , for example , this SDR came fairly close in terms of sensitivity . The WinRadio 's synchronous detector––which I consider to be the best in the business––was indeed more stable than that of the RSP1A . The RSP1A sync lock could falter a bit during a weak signal 's QSB dip compared with the Excalibur .
But again , HF SDRs in the league of the FDM-S2 , Excalibur , and Perseus have the luxury of designing receiver architecture around a much smaller portion of the spectrum . If you are a hard-core DXer looking for uncompromised performance on the HF/MW bands , then you should invest in one of these benchmark SDRs . I have , and I 'd never give one of them up .
With that said , even though I have these amazing benchmark SDRs at my disposal , I still purchased the original RSP1 ( then at $ 159 US ) years ago . Why ? For one thing , it 's more portable than the Excalibur or Perseus as it requires no external power supply ( like the excellent FDM-S2 , the RSP derives its power from the USB data cable ) . Additionally , I do like to play with frequencies above 50 MHz from time to time . The RSP offers up an all-in-one RF toolbox at a very affordable price . I do n't hesitate to throw the RSP in my pack and take it anywhere I 'm travelling . If it gets damaged or lost , I 'm only out $ 99––not $ 1,000 .
Again , RSP1A 's bang-for-buck simply blows my mind .
Side note : I do wish someone would develop an accessory outboard filter box that could be implemented with budget wideband SDRs , thus providing , in a sense , a hardware “ upgrade. ” Something like the Elad SPF-08 preselector box designed for the FDM-S2
Any cons ?
This review has been overwhelmingly positive because , frankly , the RSP1A is challenging to find fault with . Of course , if it carried a price tag of $ 600-900 , I 'd be much more critical of its performance as compared with my benchmark receivers in that same price class . I 'd fully expect a robust preselector system , a bullet-proof front end , and performance that could match or surpass the benchmarks .
But for just $ 99 ? You simply ca n't get that kind of hardware for that cost . So SDRplay engineering cleverly pulls every bit of performance out of their receiver by focusing on their SDRuno application , which is optimized for this receiver . And for that reason , it 's in a class by itself .
Admittedly , when SDRplay first introduced their application , SDRuno , I was n't the biggest fan . I found it rather quirky and a little cumbersome to use . SDRuno has come a long way , though ; SDRplay has continuously improved it , and today , I prefer it to HDSDR and SDR console . SDRuno is much less cumbersome to use than it used to be , and the default window arrangement is pleasing ( though I 'd still like SDRuno windows to lock and act as one window as I flip through programs on my Win 10 PC ) . I even prefer SDRuno to Elad 's application in terms of ease of use .
If more AF/IQ recording features are added ( virtual receivers , for example ) it could even become my application of choice .
The great thing about the SDRplay RSP series , however , is that they 're supported by so many third-party SDR apps . If you do n't like the one you 're using , there are numerous others to chose from . SDRplay takes an affirmative stance that their hardware should be usable on as many platforms with as many applications as possible . Kudos to them .
Here 's a question I know I 'll be asked…
“ I just purchased the RSP1 . Should I upgrade ? ”
Good question ! As you might guess , my answer is fairly simple and depends on your particular needs :
If you 're happy with the RSP1 and see no real benefit in the RSP1A upgrades above , do n't bother upgrading . Seriously…enjoy what you have ! The RSP1 is still a sharp , capable , versatile little SDR and fully supported by SDRplay and its community . I 've worked some incredible DX with mine over the past few years , and love it .
If you like the sound of the RSP1A and would appreciate the upgrades listed above , then go for it ! After all , it 's only $ 99 ! Consider this : the price is less than that of my recently reviewed Digitech AR-1780 portable and less than the venerable Tecsun PL-660 . Even with a modest external antenna , it will perform circles around these rigs .
If you need an excuse to justify the upgrade to the RSP1A , consider doing what I 'm planning to do : give your RSP1 to a friend or someone interested in the hobby . Or , donate it to your radio club as a raffle prize . Then too , of course , you can snag a decent price for it by selling it on eBay or QTH.com .
Summary
If you ca n't tell , I 'm most impressed with this latest offering from SDRplay . I can recommend it with confidence because you simply ca n't beat the performance and features for the price .
If you 're considering the RSP1A as your first SDR , you 'll be happy to know SDRplay 's Mike Ladd has also amassed a healthy number of SDRuno instructional videos on YouTube as well . If you start with the first video , by the end of the series you 'll be adept at using SDRuno . Could n't be easier .
Think of it this way : The RSP1A is the sporty-but-affordable compact car of the SDR world . It delivers performance well above its comparatively modest price and is fun to operate . In terms of DX , it gets you from point A to point B very comfortably––and quite affordably !
With just $ 99 , there 's no reason you ca n't join the world of SDR––the RSP1A is a very accessible , very intuitive SDR start your exploration of the radio spectrum .
Click here to view the RSP1A at SDRplay 's website .
Related
BEREA , Ohio -- While breaking down game tape this week , Trent Richardson noticed some gaping holes in New York 's defense . He plans to run through them -- and the Giants -- Sunday .
The Browns rookie running back is aware the Philadelphia Eagles piled up 191 yards -- 123 by LeSean McCoy , who got 121 in the second half -- last week in a 19-17 win over the Giants . On a conference call with New York reporters , Richardson was asked if he thinks he can rack up some yards against the defending Super Bowl champions .
`` Oh yeah , '' he said .
Richardson does n't lack confidence . Now he just needs a few more blocks .
`` If we put our hat on a number ( block ) , just cover them up , I think we can get good yardage on them , '' Richardson said . `` But at the same time , I know they 're going to throw everything they can at us . I 'm pretty sure they 're going to game plan around our running game , so we need to make sure we open up the passing game so we can get some good runs in . ''
The winless Browns ( 0-4 ) will likely need a big game from the talented Richardson if they hope to snap a 10-game losing streak dating to last season .
Richardson has rushed for 222 yards on 64 carries this season , and the first-round running back seems to be getting stronger after missing the entire exhibition season after undergoing knee surgery . The Giants seem susceptible to the run , and Richardson hopes Cleveland 's offensive line can create some cracks in New York 's front seven .
`` We have to run some outside zone and really need to cover number 90 ( Jason Pierre-Paul ) as much as we can , and big ( Jason ) Tuck , '' Richardson said . `` Both of those guys can bull rush and use their power and their quickness because those guys are two big guys that are very fast . I think that if we cover the edges and run hard , not doing all this juking and that , one move and go , I think we can have some success in the running game . ''
Richardson missed practice on Friday to be with his girlfriend as she gave birth to his third child . Browns coach Pat Shurmur expects Richardson to travel with the team and play . Shurmur does n't think Richardson 's personal issues will have a negative impact on him giving a good performance .
`` I 've seen guys go through family situations , personal situations and come out and play outstanding games , '' he said . `` What 's important is that he tidies up on the preparation that he missed , which I know he will . ''
Richardson should be well rested . The Browns have n't played since Sept. 27 , and the 10-day break has given him extra time to recover and prepare for the Giants defense , which is ranked just 23rd against the run .
Richardson had only 14 carries against the Ravens , and the Browns would like to get him as many touches as possible . To optimize Richardson , however , the Browns have to avoid falling behind and needing to throw to get back into the game . Richardson has only played four games , but he 's already noticed that teams are designing their game plan around stopping him .
`` Most definitely , '' the former Alabama star said . `` That 's one thing they always have done . They 've seen me play a little bit now , so they 're going to try to stop me more than anything now . But what makes it easier on our receivers . If ( quarterback ) Brandon ( Weeden ) has 300-some passing yards and we win the game , that 's good with me .
`` If they key on me and we lose , I feel it 's my fault . ''
Weeden knows it 's vital for Cleveland 's passing game to open up the field for Richardson . Without the threat of a passing attack , New York will just overload the line of scrimmage and make it hard to move .
`` That 's when it 's my job to try to do some things to get into a pass or check out of a play and get us into a better play , '' Weeden said . `` You do n't want to run against eight-man boxes . You 're just running into a brick wall . Your optimal is just to create some space and let Trent do his thing . These guys , they like to play seven- and eight-man boxes , so we 've just got ta take what they give us . ''
Richardson plans to take us much as he can .
Twitter on Wednesday briefly suspended the account of a Chinese-born billionaire who was using the social media service to publicize allegations of corruption against top Communist Party officials .
The billionaire , Guo Wengui , also known as Miles Kwok , had in recent days added tens of thousands of followers to his account , @ KwokMiles , where he posted screenshots of documents that he said suggested corruption at the highest levels of the Chinese government . China , where Twitter has a minimal presence and is blocked by the authorities , considers Mr. Guo to be a criminal . A Chinese official said last week that Interpol , the global police organization , had issued a global request for his arrest .
Image Guo Wengui , an outspoken Chinese-born billionaire whom China views as a criminal , has alarmed Beijing with his public denunciations . Credit Andrew Testa for The New York Times
Nicholas Pacilio , a spokesman for Twitter , declined to comment .
Mr. Guo 's account was apparently suspended for about four hours before it was restored after inquiries from members of the news media . Twitter normally suspends accounts if they are deemed to be sending out spam , if they appear to have been “ hacked or compromised ” or if they engage in “ abusive behavior , ” according to the company 's website .
Twitter considers the posting of private information , like identification numbers , without the consent of those involved to be abusive behavior . In recent days , Mr. Guo had posted two screenshots that contained the Chinese national identification numbers of several people . When his account was restored , those screenshots had been removed .
Doug Mataconis · · 5 comments
It is n't the end of the story quite yet , but the Senate vote to invoke cloture today on the bill to repeal Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell is certainly the beginning of the end of a 15 year old bad idea :
WASHINGTON — After a 17-year struggle , the Senate on Saturday cleared the way for repealing the Pentagon 's ban on gay men and lesbians serving openly in the military .
By a bipartisan vote of 63 to 33 , the Senate acted to cut off debate on a measure that would allow President Obama to declare an end to the Clinton-era policy , known as “ do n't ask , do n't tell , ” which allows gay members of the armed forces to serve only if they keep their sexual orientation a secret .
The vote was a historic moment that some equated with the decision to end racial segregation in the military . It followed a review by the Pentagon that found little concern in the military about ending the ban and was backed by Pentagon officials as a better alternative to a court-ordered end .
Backers of the repeal said that it was long past time to end what they saw as a discriminatory practice that cost the military valuable personnel and forced American troops to lie in order to serve their country .
“ I do n't care who you love , ” Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , said as debate opened . “ If you love this country enough to risk your life for it , you should n't have to hide who you are . ”
Mr. Wyden showed up for the Senate vote despite saying on Friday that he would be unable to do so because he would be undergoing final tests before his scheduled surgery on Monday for prostate cancer .
The vote came in the final days of the 111th Congress as Democrats sought to force through a final few priorities before they turn over control of the House of Representatives to the Republicans in January and see their clout in the Senate diminished .
We 've seen a fair share of controller mods over the years , but a dual-analog Nintendo 64 pad intended for Star Wars : Episode 1 Racer ? That 's certainly a simpler concept that can apparently turn out to be quite intriguing -- and functional . As the story goes , a friend of a modder named Clarky is an avid player of the sci-fi title , especially a hidden mode that allows users to individually command both the left and right engines of their pod-racer using the joysticks of two controllers . To make the control scheme less fiddly , Clarky essentially chopped off the D-Pad section of one and the action button section on another to join the two as one . The final result is impressive as well -- we 'd be hard-pressed not to believe it 's some rare prototype from the Nintendo labs at first glance . The unit also functions with the classic shooter , Goldeneye 64 , as well since the game supports a similar dual-analog mode . Notably , the gamepad plugs in with two cords , so it 's unlikely you 'd be able to reap its full benefits on most of the system 's games . You 'll find a video of the controller in action below , and a full build log at the source link . Now , if only we could get our 4MB graphics Expansion Pack to work with the titles as well .
I am about to go out on very thin ice . I am a value investor , but I 'll probably get banned from the value community for what I am about to say : Current valuations do n't mean much for companies in industries that are entering an exponential growth phase . As I type this , I catch myself thinking that it sounds so “ dot-commish , ” but bear with me as I try to bring my statement into a more familiar value framework .
Wall Street hates SoftBank 's recent decision to purchase ARM Holdings for £24.3 billion ( $ 32 billion ) — at a whopping 48 times earnings ! SoftBank is paying a 43 percent premium for an already richly priced stock , and it does n't have any synergies with the U.K.-based supplier of semiconductor intellectual property — there are no costs to cut or additional revenue to capture by adding ARM to its existing businesses . Masayoshi Son , SoftBank 's founder and CEO and the reason my firm owns SoftBank stock , is not liked today as a result of the deal . I heard this ( understandable ) reaction from a friend about Son and the ARM purchase : “ a bored rich man who needs to spend because he has too much . ”
To understand this acquisition , we need to come to terms with Son 's investment strategy and his mental models that have made him the richest person in Japan . Son is a master of exponential ( nonlinear ) thinking . Examine his past investments and you 'll find that he identifies industries about to go from high but linear growth into the exponential phase — where the rate of growth is accelerating .
Son has done this over and over again during the past 40 years . It started with PCs in the '70s , when he built a software distribution business in Japan to capitalize on PC growth entering the accelerating phase . He saw the inflection point of Internet growth in the '90s , bet on Yahoo and created Yahoo Japan ( a joint venture with Yahoo ) .
Son had the insight that the wireless market , which was already growing nicely , was about to explode due to the popularity of smartphones . True story : He went to Steve Jobs with a drawing of an iPod with a superimposed dialing pad and asked him to make a smartphone . This was before Apple even announced plans for the iPhone .
More important , to capitalize on this realization he bought the worst-run wireless mobile carrier in Japan ( a very unpopular move at the time ) and transformed it into the best one — a huge source of SoftBank 's cash flow today .
In 2013 , Son thought the growth rate of mobile games — which , again , were growing nicely — would accelerate as processing power and video capabilities got better and smartphone adoption increased . To take advantage of this impending trend , SoftBank paid $ 1.53 billion that year for 51 percent of Helsinki-based game maker Supercell ( a $ 3 billion valuation ) . In 2015 it upped its stake to 73.2 percent before selling its entire position this year at more than three times the initial valuation .
Identifying industries that are entering an exponential growth phase is hard enough , but acting on the insight is even more challenging . I remember looking at a report on Apple in 2009 , analyzing smartphones ' potential market size , assigning a conservative market share to the iPhone and basically saying that over the next several years Apple 's sales could accelerate ( or continue at the then-current rate of 30 percent or so ) and reach $ 100 billion from less than $ 20 billion that year . I saw the logic in the analysis , but it was difficult for me ( and , I think , for most people ) to mentally process a high growth rate going exponential . By the way , iPhone annual sales reached $ 155 billion in 2015 .
Investing at the pivot point when growth rates accelerate is especially tough for value investors ( present company included ) . As revenue growth accelerates , costs usually do n't rise as quickly , and therefore earnings increase at an even faster rate than revenue — now earnings growth is truly exponential . This dynamic creates a lot of value , which our linear brains may or may not process .
In 2009 , Apple was not statistically cheap — it already had a high valuation . It was hard for a value investor to see a margin of safety . That year the stock was at about $ 29 , or 22 times 2009 earnings . In hindsight it was cheap — in 2010 , Apple earned $ 2.20 . Fast-forward another year , and $ 29 was a steal — in 2011 it earned $ 4.01 ( I am not even counting the cash Apple had on its balance sheet ) .
This brings me to ARM Holdings , which designs and licenses processors . Unlike a traditional semiconductor company , ARM does n't manufacture or even outsource the manufacturing of its processors .
Companies like Apple , Broadcom and Qualcomm have an architectural license — they license ARM 's platform and then build their processors on top of it , turning ARM 's base design into an operating system for processors . ARM 's platform allows Qualcomm processors to work in Samsung phones and be interchangeable with Samsung 's own ARM-based processor . As architectural license holders pour billions of dollars into R & D for their ARM-based processors , they increase the value of ARM 's ecosystem and thus widen ARM 's competitive advantage . Today 97 percent of mobile devices run on ARM-based processors . ARM keeps its royalty rate very low — it makes a few pennies on each processor sold .
Son admired ARM 's business from afar for ten years . He has said that if SoftBank had n't been burdened with the Sprint turnaround , he would have tried to buy ARM sooner . Recently , SoftBank raised $ 10 billion of cash by selling down its stake in Alibaba and about $ 8 billion by selling its ownership in Supercell to China 's Tencent . These transactions gave SoftBank dry powder to make the ARM acquisition .
Son believes we are at the inflection point when the Internet of Things ( IoT ) market is about to enter the exponential growth phase . There are 7 billion people in the world today . In 2015 , ARM sold 15 billion processors — about 2 processors per person . By 2020 , ARM expects to sell 75 billion processors a year — a fivefold increase .
But that is just the start . According to Son , in the long run we are going to need hundreds if not thousands of processors per person . Cars , streetlights , home appliances , hospital patients — everything will be connected to the Internet .
Cows will become part of IoT . They 'll have a sensor on their body telling the farmer when to milk or whether the cow is sick . A sensor with GPS will pinpoint the location of every cow in the field , viewable on an iPad . I do n't know the first thing about cows , and I came up with these ideas in two minutes . Can you imagine the real IoT applications that lie ahead , created by people who actually know about cows and farming ? ( I was half joking when I wrote this , but “ connected cow ” is in our future —check this out . )
All of those “ Things ” will need processors , and ARM is well positioned to be the company designing them and collecting pennies from each one .
ARM is better off being part of SoftBank than being an independent public company . The Internet of Things will require significant investment , which could penalize ARM 's short-term earnings . Son does n't care about short-term — remember , he has a 300-year plan for SoftBank . In fact , Son has agreed to double ARM 's workforce in the U.K. over the next five years .
Now let 's get to the price SoftBank paid for ARM . In 2016 , ARM should produce revenue of $ 1.6 billion and earnings of $ 660 million . Let 's say that by 2020 the number of ARM processors sold increases fivefold but the price of each processor ( and thus the royalty ) declines by 50 percent . ARM 's revenue would be up by three times , to $ 4.8 billion . Let 's assume that , as promised , Son doubles ARM 's R & D ; that gives us aftertax earnings of $ 2.8 billion . In other words , SoftBank is paying less than 12 times earnings for this company , which in 2020 will still just be in the early stages of explosive growth . If that scenario plays out , Son probably created at least $ 10 of value per SoftBank share by making the ARM acquisition .
Son has a tremendous investment track record , but he is not infallible . He bought Sprint in hopes of merging it with T-Mobile , cutting costs and doing with the combined business what he did with Vodafone Japan . Son miscalculated : U.S. regulators have blocked the merger , and T-Mobile 's CEO ended up being a marketing genius and has taken market share from Sprint .
Last year Son became Sprint 's chief network officer . His goal is to improve Sprint 's network while spending a fraction of what competitors are spending . Son has said recently that Sprint will stop bleeding cash and will turn cash flow positive this year . But he is the first one to admit that the purchase of Sprint was a mistake .
What if the purchase of ARM was a mistake ? What if ARM continues to grow 15 percent a year over the next four years ? Then its earnings will be $ 1.2 billion , and at 19 times earnings it will be worth $ 23 billion . Son will have overpaid by $ 8 billion , which will equal the 43 percent premium he paid over ARM 's last quoted price , destroying about $ 4 of value per SoftBank share . In our sum-of-the-parts analysis , we get a conservative value north of $ 40 to $ 50 a share for SoftBank . Therefore , even in the worst case , SoftBank at a recent price of $ 25 a share is undervalued .
Exponential growth is born in the eye of a perfect storm . Advances in big data , the proliferation of the cloud , miniaturization of low-powered processors ( and a decline in their price ) , a drastic improvement in wireless Internet that will only get better with 5G , the ubiquity of smartphones and smart devices — each one of these , independently , probably would not matter that much for IoT . But together they become a significant accelerator for the entrance of IoT into the exponential growth phase .
When you buy SoftBank stock , you bet on the jockey . And this jockey 's interests are aligned with those of SoftBank 's shareholders . Masayoshi Son owns 20 percent of SoftBank shares ; therefore , each acquisition he makes is paid for not with Monopoly money but with his own . Over the past 35 years , he has made many decisions that at the time were unpopular and unorthodox but that turned out to be tremendous home runs .
This time is no different . Son 's track record has bought him the benefit of the doubt on the ARM purchase . If he made a mistake , he may have destroyed $ 4 a share of SoftBank 's value , but at the company 's current undemanding valuation , I could even live with that outcome .
P.S . Let me address the elephant in the room — SoftBank 's debt . I keep seeing the media saying that SoftBank has $ 110 billion of debt . Factually , this number is accurate ; in reality it overstates SoftBank 's debt by about 100 percent .
As of last quarter , when the debt figure shifted somewhat after the ARM acquisition , SoftBank did have about $ 110 billion of debt . However , $ 33 billion was Sprint 's . SoftBank owns more than 80 percent of Sprint , and so this debt consolidated on SoftBank 's balance sheet . But if Sprint were to go bankrupt , SoftBank would not be responsible for any of that $ 33 billion . Also , SoftBank has $ 21 billion in cash . Thus its net debt position is closer to $ 56 billion . SoftBank 's Japanese telecom business produces about $ 7 billion of operating income ( and $ 11 billion of EBITDA ) . Though $ 56 billion is a lot of billions , in relation to SoftBank 's earning power it is a reasonable amount ; and once you account for a variety of other SoftBank assets , that number is even less significant .
The 2015 installment of WWE 's annual Tribute to the Troops will air Dec. 23 at 8 p.m . ET on the USA Network .
The 13th annual WWE Tribute to the Troops event was being held on Tuesday , Dec. 8 , at Florida 's Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena for military personnel and their families stationed at the Jacksonville Naval Air Station , Naval Station Mayport and Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base . Tribute to the Troops will air on the USA Network on tonight at 8 p.m . ET .
In the tradition of Bob Hope , WWE brings together the best of sports entertainment and pop culture with celebrity appearances and performances from music 's most popular acts for our servicemen and women , to honor their commitment and dedication to our country . Tribute to the Troops has become a holiday tradition and is considered TV 's most patriotic and heartwarming show of the year .
While in Jacksonville , WWE Superstars and Divas spent time giving back to those who serve and their families with Be a STAR anti-bullying rallies , hospital visits and military outreach at the Jacksonville Naval Air Station , Naval Station Mayport and Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base .
Florida Governor Rick Scott said , `` We can never thank our veterans and military members enough for their brave service to our nation . It is important to frequently honor our American heroes for the sacrifices they have made to keep our families safe . Florida remains the most military friendly state in the nation and we are proud to host this year 's Tribute to the Troops celebration . ''
`` WWE has gone above and beyond the call of duty in supporting the men and women of the U.S. Navy , '' said Rear Adm. Mary Jackson , Commander , Navy Region Southeast . `` We are very fortunate to have the upcoming Tribute to the Troops right here in Jacksonville , home to more than 22,000 Sailors and their families . I am hearing lots of excitement and energy about this event ! This is also a special time for us to say thank you to WWE ! ''
`` It is a privilege for WWE to entertain our military as a way to thank them for their commitment and sacrifice for our country , '' said WWE Chairman & CEO , Vince McMahon . `` Everyone at WWE looks forward to this annual celebration , and we are proud to partner with the U.S. Navy and Governor Rick Scott to put smiles on the faces of the servicemen and women and their families . ''
US Attorney Suggests Solution To Open Source Encryption : Ban Importation Of Open Source Encryption
from the bangs-head-on-desk dept
McQuade : `` I think it would be reasonable to ban the import of open-source encryption software '' # UMichTalks — David Adrian ( @ davidcadrian ) April 12 , 2016
In light of these considerations , we conclude that encryption software , in its source code form and as employed by those in the field of cryptography , must be viewed as expressive for First Amendment purposes , and thus is entitled to the protections of the prior restraint doctrine . If the government required that mathematicians obtain a prepublication license prior to publishing material that included mathematical equations , we have no doubt that such a regime would be subject to scrutiny as a prior restraint . The availability of alternate means of expression , moreover , does not diminish the censorial power of such a restraint-that Adam Smith wrote Wealth of Nations without resorting to equations or graphs surely would not justify governmental prepublication review of economics literature that contain these modes of expression .
Is itthat hard to expect officials representing law enforcement to understand basic concepts ? Earlier this week , University of Michigan hosted a debate on the whole `` going dark/encryption '' fight with the EFF 's Nate Cardozo ( disclaimer : he has represented us on certain legal issues ) and US Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan Barbara McQuade . While the event was filmed and livestreamed , as I type this , they do n't appear to have posted a recorded version . However , it appears that Cardozo ( not surprisingly ) raised a key point that has been raised many times before : a US law against allowing unbroken encryption would have little impact on bad people using encryption , since there are many open sources and non-US encryption products worldwide . But McQuade had a response to that ... and it was kind of insane : If you ca n't read that , she said : `` I think it would be reasonable to ban the import of open-source encryption software . '' This is idiotic on any number of levels , and that an actual representative of law enforcement would make such a claim is immensely troubling and raises serious questions about the competency of the US Attorney 's Office in Eastern Michigan.First off , the Open Technology Institute released a paper late last year showing that there was a ton of both open source and foreign encryption products that were n't subject to US regulations . Another paper , released earlier this year by the Berkman Center and written by Bruce Schneier ( along with Kathleen Seidel and Saranya Vijayakumar ) , found that there were 865 encryption products from 55 different countries on the market when they wrote the paper ( it could be more by now ) , with 546 of those from outside the US . In other words , there are a lot of these kinds of products . So , at the very least , they 'd be used by people outside of the US.But , more to the point , a ban on importing them ? We already had that legal fight , though back then it was on the question ofencryption . In Bernstein v. the US Department of Justice , the government sought to block Daniel Bernstein from publishing his algorithm for his Snuffle encryption system , saying it violated export laws related to exporting . Eventually , the 9th Circuit ruled thatand any regulations preventing publication would be unconstitutional.So , for McQuade 's `` simple '' solution to take hold , we 'd have to first ignore the First Amendment and a ruling directly on point to the issue she thinks is an easy solution . To be clear , the court 's ruling stated : While it 's true this technically only applies in the 9th Circuit ( and McQuade 's district is outside of that circuit ) , it 's not like there 's a competing ruling in another district and the ruling here would be a difficult one to overcome.Second , even if she could get past it , . At least in the Bernstein case , the argument would be to try to block an American citizen from publishing the content -- an `` export '' ban . An `` import '' ban would be an order of magnitude more futile , because anyone outside the US publishing such open source code would not be covered by US regulations , so they could n't be blocked from doing anything by a US court . So then any `` import '' ban would come down to someone being forced to magically comb the entire global internet and make sure no one from the US could ever see or find that code -- which , of course , would bring us right back to questions of prior restraint and the First Amendment.There may be reasonable arguments to be made about encryption and its impact on law enforcement , but if the argument includes such inane ideas as banning the import of strong encryption , it 's difficult to take the speaker seriously , or to conclude that they have any useful or competent knowledge on the subject at all .
Filed Under : banning encryption , barbara mcquade , encryption , free speech , going dark , import ban , open source encryption
I was 23 years old when the nation was attacked on September 11 , 2001 . I can remember hearing pundits say `` this changes everything '' and `` things will never be the same . '' Obviously it was a tragic and traumatic event , but that sentiment has carried on through the better part of my twenties . If you were 43 years old on that day , I would imagine it was a difficult concept to get your head around as well , but if you were a young adult just entering his or her individual life , there was an added twist ; how can you process the idea of everything changing and things never being the same when you have no point of reference for what `` everything '' and `` the same '' is ? I was just beginning to put my hands on the world around me , to interact and engage with it , and to actualize the dream of being an adult in a free society . To wait in line for 23 years only to have the `` sorry , future canceled '' sign flipped in my face was depressing , to say the least .
The social and political narrative of the last eight years , if you 're a young adult , has been `` you are the first generation of the second half of the rest of human existence . '' That 's a huge psychological undertaking , and I believe it 's one that will someday be diagnosed on a massive scale as having led to a kind of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . ( Something has to explain away our premature obsession with 1980s nostalgia . ) My generation has come to know itself as the generation that should have seen the good days , my , were they spectacular , now take off your shoes and place them on the belt .
Formula 1 legend John Surtees who passed away earlier this month at 83 was laid to rest by family , friends and fans yesterday at Worth Abbey , in West Sussex .
More than 300 mourners paid tribute to the only man in motorpsort to win world titles in both Formula 1 and motorcycling .
`` John was a consummate professional , a gentleman , an incredible champion on two and four wheels and a gentle , massive giant , '' said an emotional Nigel Mansell .
`` When you spoke to him he was so unassuming you actually forgot he was the champion he was . I found him awesome , but he was a friend . He was an awesome friend . ''
In the BBC video below , a few familiar faces offer a tribute and their memories of the great British motorsport champion .
SANAA ( Reuters ) - At least 25 people died when two car bombs exploded in Radaa city in Yemen 's central province of al-Bayda , local and medical sources said .
The first car bomb exploded near a checkpoint manned by Shi'ite Houthi rebels while a school bus was passing , killing 15 students , sources said . The second car exploded near the house of an official in the area rumored to support Houthis killing ten , they said .
Radaa is a bastion of the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) .
The Houthis established themselves as Yemen 's new powerbrokers when they captured the capital Sanaa on Sept. 21 to little resistance from residents or from the weak administration of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi .
Their ascendance has angered al Qaeda , which views Shi'ites as heretics and Houthis as pawns of Iran .
In addition to the rise of AQAP and the Houthi takeover of Sanaa , Yemen , an impoverished country of 25 million people , faces a secessionist movement in the south . The widespread and growing instability has alarmed neighboring Saudi Arabia , the world 's top oil exporter , and other Gulf Arab states .
Get the biggest daily Celebrity Big Brother stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother bosses are fighting to get Danielle Lloyd to enter the house .
The model has reportedly been suffering with panic attacks after learning her ex-husband Jamie O'Hara - with whom she has three sons - and former pal Nicola McLean have been talking about her on the show .
Now , Channel 5 producers have approached her management team with very generous pay cheques to tempt her to confront the pair .
`` With Jamie in there and him talking a lot about their relationship they clearly think she will want to set the record straight , '' a source told The Sun . `` The approach has been made and her management are discussing it , but Danielle might not want to keep involved .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
`` She can easily keep her distance and air her views on social media instead , but the offer is there .
`` If she did go in it would make for some seriously dramatic TV . ''
Danielle and Jamie 's marriage ended in 2012 amid allegations he 'd been unfaithful .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking in the CBB house , Jamie said : `` Looking back on it , our relationship was wild , I was playing football , being a young kid , I had so much and you just think f * * k it .
`` But now when I think about some of the stuff I did , I realise I was a f * * king pr * * k and I regret it , what I did was really bad .
`` I really wanted the marriage to work , but I messed it up . ''
He also said about Danielle : `` Yeah , on a night out she 's absolutely crackers . When she 's had a few drinks , she 's crazy . ”
Danielle , however , claimed on Twitter she does n't drink .
( Image : Channel 5 )
The 33-year-old model is now engaged to fiancé Michael O'Neill , an electrician , whom she claims treats her sons as his own .
Comparing him to Jamie , she said : `` I 've got a real man now who looks after them , ” she wrote . “ And they are n't even his kids but treats them like they are ! ''
She added : `` Jamie is disrespectful and lying about me to make himself look and feel better .
( Image : WireImage )
`` But we all know and his kids will see the show when they grow up and feel amazed of his behaviour !
`` I do n't care what he does but talking & lying about me is not on am the one who takes are of his kids 24/7 and get no respect for it x ( sic ) . ''
* Celebrity Big Brother is on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm
A MAN CARRYING a knife was arrested today at Paris 's Gare du Nord station , causing brief panic days after the jihadist killing of a policeman , police sources said amid pre-election jitters .
“ An individual carrying a knife came into the station , was pointed out to a police patrol which immediately arrested him , ” one of the sources said .
No-one was injured in the incident .
Another police source added that the arrest caused a “ panic movement ” with a number of travellers abandoning their luggage in the middle of the station .
The incident came two days after the Champs Elysees killing of a policeman and one day before France goes to the polls in the first round of close-run presidential elections .
France remains under a state of emergency following a string of attacks that have claimed 239 lives since 2015 .
– © AFP 2017
Did an obscure TV miniseries made in Poland at the tail end of the Communist era — and seen in the West only by art-film devotees — pave the way for the explosion of quality TV drama that produced “ The Sopranos , ” “ The Wire ” and so many other memorable shows ? No doubt about it : Krzysztof Kieslowski 's “ Dekalog , ” a hypnotic , interlocking and often devastating series of 10 hour-long episodes set in the same Warsaw apartment complex and loosely inspired by the Ten Commandments , was something of a curiosity in the late 1980s .
The series was largely understood by American critics and elite audiences as a cinematic work that had arrived by way of the small screen for eccentric reasons : Things were different in Europe and even more different on the other side of the corroding Iron Curtain . An expanded version of “ Dekalog Five , ” titled “ A Short Film About Killing , ” won a prize at Cannes in 1988 and played as a theatrical release in Western nations , months before Kieslowski 's series even reached the air . Now a digital restoration of the entire series is opening theatrically in New York this week , with home-video release from the Criterion Collection to follow in late September .
Advertisement :
After creating this series , Kieslowski went on to a brief career as a name-brand director of art-house films in the vein of Ingmar Bergman and Andrei Tarkovsky ( to cite two obvious influences ) before his untimely death in 1996 , at age 54 . He is best remembered in such circles today for the “ Three Colors ” trilogy , starring Juliette Binoche , that he made in France in the early '90s . Those are beautiful films , but in retrospect I would argue that “ Dekalog , ” produced as it was under the restricted budget of Polish state TV and under the threat of official censorship , is a more important work and a better work with a much longer cultural tail .
Despite the unfamiliar Soviet-bloc setting and the distant historical epoch , these are highly accessible human stories with an enormous emotional range , from dark comedy to reckless romance to unbearable tragedy . As Kieslowski put it , “ Dekalog ” is an attempt to address fundamental questions that go beyond capitalism and socialism : Is there a point to human life ? Why do we bother to get out of bed in the morning ?
By the time Kieslowski left Poland and the Berlin Wall came down , the auteurist tradition of European art cinema — essentially a branch of high culture , closer in spirit to modernist drama than to Hollywood — was already in steep decline . It would be virtually swept into the cultural dustbin by the rise of Quentin Tarantino , the Coen brothers and other , more pop-oriented indie filmmakers . Another tradition , the prestigious HBO-style television drama , was just being born . From the perspective of 2016 , that 's the genre on which “ Dekalog ” had its most significant impact . Along with a few other seminal influences from the same period , like Dennis Potter 's classic BBC miniseries “ The Singing Detective ” and David Lynch 's “ Twin Peaks , ” Kieslowski 's TV experiment helped mold the future .
Nothing like “ Dekalog ” had ever been attempted on TV before , in Poland or the United States or anywhere else , and its narrative and thematic ambition is still impressive almost 30 years later . “ Dekalog ” is not a miniseries in the customary sense , meaning that it does n't tell a single overarching story about the same set of characters . But the 10 episodes ( all written by Kieslowski with his longtime collaborator Krzysztof Piesiewicz ) are increasingly interdependent and interconnected , and are best understood as sequential elements of a single work , to be viewed in order .
Characters from one episode frequently appear in another , usually in bit parts or cameo roles , and it would take several viewings to catch all these interactions . An intense father-daughter conversation in “ Dekalog Four ” — one of the riskiest of the episodes , and one of my personal favorites — is interrupted by a fellow elevator passenger , an eminent doctor who was entrusted with far too much power over life and death in “ Dekalog Two. ” But the real interaction between people and episodes is more a question of the way Kieslowski 's themes — love and marriage , life and death , religious faith and religious doubt — reflect and refract each other , gradually building toward something that feels like a grand theory about human existence , created entirely from the lives of the residents in one nondescript middle-class housing development .
When it comes to the relationship between the Ten Commandments to individual episodes of “ Dekalog , ” sometimes it appears clear enough — as with the wrenching and brutal “ Dekalog Five , ” which became “ A Short Film About Killing , ” and “ Dekalog Six , ” a tale of erotic obsession similarly expanded into “ A Short Film About Love. ” But that 's not always the case . Kieslowski and Piesiewicz were presumably working from the Roman Catholic version of the commandments , which would be familiar to almost every Polish person . But they never exactly intended each episode to serve as a linear illustration of a particular divine edict , and their attitude toward the meaning of the Mosaic text is deliberately ambiguous .
Advertisement :
A few minutes into “ Dekalog One , ” a science-obsessed boy and his father ( who owns a personal computer , surely an unusual possession in 1988 Warsaw ) discuss the existence of God and the human soul , which the dad describes as metaphorical notions that people use to deal with death . By the end of the episode , that topic will assume a terrible new significance , and one might well read into it the admonition , “ You shall have no other gods before me . ”
But “ Dekalog Two , ” the story of a doctor confronting the relentless and unfair demands of a patient 's wife — who has urgent personal reasons for wanting to know whether her husband will live or die — seems to be about several things but not necessarily taking the Lord 's name in vain . It 's about adultery , which is a running theme throughout “ Dekalog. ” It might be about bearing false witness ( the eighth commandment ) and coveting what other people have ( the ninth and 10th ) . It might be about human pride and vanity and arrogance , qualities evident in both characters but not specifically mentioned in the list provided by the Almighty on Mount Sinai .
Sometimes the relevant commandment is no more than a jumping-off point , as with the marvelous , funny and sad tale of “ Dekalog Three , ” in which a woman invents a threadbare excuse to spend Christmas Eve with her married former lover . They visit abandoned train stations and desolate emergency rooms , file multiple false police reports and stage a car chase and knock over the Christmas tree in the local public plaza . Is that a story about the commandment to observe the Lord 's Day ? OK , sure , but it 's about a lot of other things , too , and whether we think this Warsaw Bonnie and Clyde and their mini-getaway from normal life are honoring the Christmas spirit or violating , it is left up to us .
For most viewers , the dramatic heart of “ Dekalog ” arrives in Episodes 5 through 8 , which broach the most overtly serious themes : murder and capital punishment ; female sexuality and female relationships ; Polish collaboration in the Nazi Holocaust . Once you get that deep , you 're hooked and are likely to binge-watch right through the dark madcap comedy of the final installment . On repeat viewings , I appreciated the supposedly lighter episodes more , and Kieslowski is always at his best in less self-conscious moments that mean more than they say — the small interludes of connection or miscommunication between lovers or strangers or parents and children .
Advertisement :
That 's where I see the connection between this landmark of TV history and so much that came later . You can see the influence of “ Dekalog ” all over the place , but perhaps first and foremost in David Chase 's “ Sopranos , ” which brought a similar spirit of religious and existential inquiry to a different narrative universe , using the story of a New Jersey mob boss as a way to explore American family life and the decaying social contract of the 21st century . “ Dekalog ” was much more than a series of short movies accidentally jammed into television and more than a peculiar cultural artifact of late communism . It was the beginning of a process that set television free .
“ Dekalog ” is now playing at the IFC Center in New York and opens Sept. 17 at the Cinefamily in Los Angeles , with more cities to follow . Home video release will be on Sept. 27 .
A plane laden with medical aid supplies from Russia landed early Sunday morning in Syria 's port city Latakia .
LATAKIA , November 17 ( RIA Novosti ) – A plane laden with medical aid supplies from Russia landed early Sunday morning in Syria 's port city Latakia .
The head of the city 's health department came out to meet the plane , bringing several dozen soldiers to unload the aid from Russia 's Health Ministry .
Russian media portal Vesti.ru reported that the plane was carrying 40 tons of medical supplies .
Russian President Vladimir Putin promised to send pharmaceuticals , first-aid kits and other medical aid to Syria after a phone conversation with the Middle Eastern country 's president Bashar Assad last week .
Assad had described a “ difficult health situation ” in Syria and asked Russia for assistance , Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said .
Over 100,000 people , mostly civilians , have died since the start of a bloody civil war in Syria in March 2011 , which began amid massive protests against Assad 's regime . Millions of Syrians have fled the country , and many are now living as refugees in neighboring countries .
Russia has largely been a staunch ally of the Syrian government throughout the war , sending weapons and other aid to Assad 's regime and blocking several United Nations resolutions to sanction Syria for its behavior in the conflict .
Putin played a key role in brokering a UN deal in September to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile , a nonviolent agreement that staved off a possible military intervention strike by the United States .
Who says the best things in life are n't free ?
After hiking up the Brush Canyon Trail with our group of We Like L.A.'ers to see the Hollywood Sign earlier this month , it reminded us how much beauty there is to be explored in this city that really does n't cost us much of anything at all , except a little time and effort .
Advertisements
And the sense of gratitude and accomplishment you feel when you actually take the time really does make the experience in itself priceless .
To that end , we 've put together a list of some of the best places to grab a free , and quite amazing , perspective of Los Angeles ( Keep in mind some places may have paid parking , such as the Getty , but to us this is a great reason to carpool or take public transit ) .
Good to keep in mind next time you 're bored and looking for something to do on a perfectly sunny afternoon 😉
Cheers .
[ RELATED : 57 Fun & Free Things To Do in L.A. Every Angeleno Should Try Once ]
Getty Center
The Getty is breathtaking in it 's own right , but the views both facing Westwood/ DTLA towards the east and over the ocean during sunset on the west are equally marvelous . While admission to the Getty is always free , keep in mind there are parking fees , so it 's might be worth it to take public transit or carpool with your friends to save some bucks ! Additional info on Yelp .
Turnbull Canyon
A beautiful hike in the Puente Hills Preserve rewards you with views of the Hacienda Heights area , the Hsi Lai Temple , the peaks near Schabarum and Powder Canyon , and even DTLA on a clear day . Additional info on Yelp .
Advertisements
Top of City Hall
Many people do n't know but the observation deck on the 27th floor of the City Hall is open to the public . Great up-close views of DTLA . Just bring a valid government I.D . and tell the folks at the entrance you 're there to see the observation deck .
Additional info on Yelp .
Angels Point in Elysian Park
A sweeping view of DTLA with Dodger Stadium perfectly in frame .
Additional info on Yelp .
Vista Hermosa Park
That bench shot with DTLA in the background is one of the most iconic in the city .
Additional info on Vista Hermosa Park .
Top of The Grove Parking Lot
[ Photo Credit : foursquare ]
Another spot folks do n't necessarily think of , but the view from atop the parking structure at The Grove provides a great vantage point to see several different parts of Los Angeles .
Additional info on Yelp .
Hilltop Park
High atop the city of Signal Hill , Hilltop Park offers a viewing area to see all of . Particularly cool spot to check out Fourth of July fireworks as you can see multiple shows going on at once .
Additional info on Yelp .
Griffith Observatory
Worth it to go at night to get the brilliant shot of the Observatory in the foreground with the shimmering lights of DTLA off in the distance .
Additional info on Yelp .
Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook
A 15 minute journey ( give or take ) up a steep set of stairs earns you a beautiful , expansive view over the entire city of Los Angeles . Also , it 's a pretty good workout for your glutes 🙂
Additional info on Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook .
The Hollywood Sign at Mt . Lee
You can hike up to the top of Mt . Lee from a couple different paths , but whatever your route , the view includes not only the sign , but Lake Hollywood , Griffith Observatory , and downtown Los Angeles .
Our hike to the Hollywood Sign .
Additional info on Yelp .
First make sure your bathroom is warm . Bathing in a cold , drafty bathroom will make anybody ill .
Make a nice bath for your ratties . 1 or 2 inches of lukewarm water is more than enough . Put some bath toys , berries or whatever in the pail and put it on the ground in the shower or empty bathtub .
Chances are they wo n't be impressed by it , but some rats do like to swim .
Whatever you do , do n't stick your rat is the pail ! ! ! ! Just let them walk around the bathroom or empty tub , feed them the peas or berries and let them explore the pail on their own time . This way the rats are calm , not trying to run or scratch to escape . As long as they 're concerned , it 's just play time .
SACRAMENTO , Calif . Weeks after New York enacted the nation 's toughest gun laws , California lawmakers said Thursday they want their state to do even more in response to recent mass shootings , particularly the Connecticut school massacre .
Democrats who control the state Legislature revealed 10 proposals that they said would make California the most restrictive state for possessing firearms .
They were joined at a Capitol news conference by San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , along with several police chiefs .
`` California has always been a leader on the issue of gun safety , '' Villaraigosa said . `` New York has stepped up and stepped forward . California needs to answer the call . ''
Among the measures is one that would outlaw the future sale of semi-automatic rifles with detachable magazines . The restriction would prevent quick reloading by requiring bullets to be loaded one at a time .
Lawmakers also want to make some prohibitions apply to current gun owners , not just to people who buy weapons in the future .
Like New York , California also would require background checks for buying ammunition and would add to the list of prohibited weapons .
Those buying ammunition would have to pay a fee and undergo an initial background check by the state Department of Justice , similar to what is required now before buyers can purchase a weapon . Subsequent background checks would be done instantly by an ammunition seller checking the Justice Department 's records .
The legislation also would ban possession of magazines holding more than 10 bullets , even by those who now own them legally . All weapons would have to be registered .
Sam Paredes , executive director of Gun Owners of California , promised that gun proponents will fight the measures in court if they become law .
`` It strikes me as if these folks are playing some sort of game of one-upsmanship with New York at the expense of law-abiding citizens , and that 's just unconscionable , '' he said about lawmakers .
Republicans say the Democrats are exploiting the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary to push their own agendas , reports CBS Sacramento station KOVR-TV . `` The laws they are ( proposing ) would have made no difference in the Connecticut shooting whatsoever , '' Sen. Dan Logue said .
He added that lawmakers need to focus on other issues that lead to violence . `` We 've got the issue of PlayStations , where there are violent games , '' Logue said . `` I mean , what about Hollywood and what they are putting out ? ''
Three bills have been introduced , with others to come before this month 's deadline for submitting legislation .
The measures are the most stringent to date among numerous proposals introduced this year to strengthen California 's firearm regulations .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg said he is confident Democrats can use their majorities in the Assembly and Senate to send the measures to Democratic Gov . Jerry Brown this year .
Brown has declined to comment on weapons legislation before it reaches him .
Steinberg said the measures are designed to close numerous loopholes that gun manufacturers have exploited to get around California 's existing restrictions .
Those measures had been the strongest in the nation until Gov . Andrew Cuomo signed New York 's new law last month .
Other proposed measures in California would ban so-called `` bullet buttons '' that can be used to quickly detach and reload magazines in semi-automatic rifles , and update the legal definition of shotguns to prohibit a new version that can rapidly fire shotgun shells and .45-caliber ammunition .
The state also would restrict the lending of guns to keep weapons from felons , mentally ill people and others who are prohibited from ownership .
But Jeroen Dijsselbloem , the head of the Eurogroup of finance ministers , said late Tuesday night that Greece was effectively in default and could face even tougher conditions for a new aid package .
“ I think the fact of the matter is that Greece is in default or will be in default tomorrow morning on the I.M.F . and also , I believe , on a loan to their own central bank , ” Mr. Dijsselbloem told CNBC . “ But they will be in default , and I do n't think I can alter that in the short term . ”
Greece now joins the roster of countries — including some of the poorest and worst governed — that have missed payments to the I.M.F . Also on that list : Zimbabwe , Sudan and Somalia .
With just hours to go before the deadline for the payment , the Greek prime minister , Alexis Tsipras , had asked the other nations that use the euro to provide another bailout that could also buy Athens time to renegotiate its crippling debt load .
Finance ministers of those countries discussed the proposal on Tuesday night and left open the possibility that Greece could eventually win a new aid package , but dashed any hopes Athens had for immediate action . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany had said earlier in the day that no deal with Mr. Tsipras 's government could be negotiated until after a referendum on Sunday in which Greeks will be asked to accept or reject an offer made last week by Greece 's creditors .
A former door-to-door sales representative says he was encouraged to lie to homeowners to convince them to rent furnaces and air conditioners .
In an exclusive interview with CTV Toronto , a man who worked as a sales representative said he quit after a week on the job , when he learned he was lying to customers .
The man , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said he initially believed the products he rented door-to-door would save customers money .
`` It 's not going to save them money . Instead of seeing a decrease on their bill , they are just going to see an increase for the next 10 years , '' the man told CTV Toronto 's Pat Foran .
`` You lie to them from as soon as you open your mouth . ''
The man said many of the customers who signed up to rent furnaces or air conditioners from the company he worked for had no idea how expensive the long-term rentals would be .
`` Over the years , they 're losing $ 5,000 to $ 7,000 just to interest alone , '' he said .
The man provided CTV with a sales pitch guide he said was given to new employees . It included tips like telling a customer the employee is there to do a safety inspection .
It also suggested telling potential clients they are eligible for Ontario 's free furnace program . The program does not exist .
`` These guys will do anything to get a sale , '' the sales representative said .
He told CTV that some employees would go to a customer 's door and claim he or she had won a new furnace . Salespeople earn approximately $ 900 by convincing a customer to sign a rental contract , he said .
`` The highest somebody has made in a week was $ 17,000 . Conning people , taking people 's money , lying , '' he said .
CTV Toronto reached out to the company where the man worked , and they denied their sales representatives use company provided scripts .
The company also said any employee that lies or misrepresents themselves to a customer would be terminated .
There have been hundreds of complaints to the Consumer Ministry about the sales tactics of companies that rent furnaces and air conditioners door-to-door .
With a report from CTV Toronto 's Pat Foran
Photo : Walt Disney Pictures
Because Hollywood has a not-so-great track record with Asian representation , and Mulan is such a treasured exception to the rule , fans of the film have urged Disney not to cast a white male lead in its upcoming live-action remake . This comes after an essay from someone who claims to have had access to the Mulan spec script initially purchased by Disney said that the first draft features a “ 30-something European trader ” who helps defend China after falling for Mulan . Since buying that script , Disney has hired new writers , Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver ( Jurrasic World ) , to work on Mulan , and a source close to the film tells Vulture that , just as fans hoped , the film will indeed feature an Asian love interest . “ The spec script was a jumping-off point for a new take on the story that draws from both the literary ballad of Mulan and Disney 's 1998 animated film , ” the source says . “ Mulan is and will always be the lead character in the story , and all primary roles , including the love interest , are Chinese. ” The studio has also promised a “ global casting search ” to find a Chinese actress to play Mulan herself .
Dishonor on you , dishonor on your cow ...
Shame on Hollywood. # MakeMulanRighthttps : //t.co/aL3Aa4QNPZ — Jade Robinson ( @ Jem_Jade ) October 10 , 2016
WHY THE HECK ARE THEY TAKING SHANG OUT FROM MULAN HAVE YOU SEEN HIM pic.twitter.com/uZnyuSdT97 — ☆BOO-ri ( @ HONEYBUTTAH ) October 10 , 2016
Honestly in the version in my head MULAN is her OWN `` male lead . '' What 's the Chinese translation for `` Bechdel Test '' again ? https : //t.co/ckDj7o9Tke — Jeff Yang ( @ originalspin ) October 10 , 2016
Mulan did n't need a single white character to make $ 300 million at the box office in 1998 . The live action version does n't need any either . — 🌊Fangirl Jeanne🌺 Free ass motherfucker ! ( @ fangirlJeanne ) October 10 , 2016
This post has been updated throughout .
It looks like the only new Samsung tablet in the PRO series without an alternative PenTile pixel matrix screen would be the smallest one , TabPRO 8.4 . We already saw that the TabPRO 10.1 carries a PenTile RGBW arrangement of its panel , and our own macro lens shots of the NotePRO screen that you can see in the slideshow below , indicate the same RGBW PenTile arrangement is in store . Press the 100 % zoom button , and you will clearly see the RGBW arrangement .
Given that the Galaxy TabPRO 12.2 , the NotePRO , the TabPRO 10.1 and TabPRO 8.4 all sport 2560x1600 pixels screen , it is all the more impressive that the the smallest of the bunch turns out to be the only with a standard `` stripe '' RGB matrix , perhaps on account of a new technology Samsung had to use for cramming four million pixels in such a small size . That would indicate true `` 2K '' sharpness of the tiniest display in the lineup , and a sight to behold , considering it also flaunts the highest pixel denisty on a tablet - 360ppi .
With the larger tabs , on the other hand , that crazy resolution is achieved with an alternative pixel matrix arrangement that looks like a checkered pattern when you examine solid colors up close and personal . Not that this changes the viewing experience at such high pixel densities , but if you get the TabPRO 8.4 it should warm your heart to know you are getting a real sharp 2K screen , and in an 8 '' form factor , too .
You may have noticed that Mars has been a bit quiet lately . We 've not heard from the rovers and orbiters at Mars this week and wont send or receive data next week either . This is completely normal .
Every 2 years the orbits of Earth and Mars place the sun directly between , a period called solar conjunction . For 2 weeks , the sun is so close to Mars from our perspective here on Earth that data can not be safely sent or received . NASA and other space agencies leave their spacecraft on their own for a little while .
NASA 's two NASA rovers ( Curiosity and Opportunity ) and five orbiters ( European Space Agency 's Mars Express , India 's Mars Orbiter Mission , along with NASA 's Mars Odyssey , Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN mission ) received their last set of commands prior to the beginning of the solar conjunction period on June 7 .
A bit like a honey-do list , each craft was assigned safe tasks to accomplish over the following two weeks . Some instruments are turned off to better protect them . Many instruments continue to gather data but store it until Earth comes back into view . The team of humans controlling these robots is using the time to catch up on other work or to take a few days off .
No new commands will be sent to Mars before June 21 . Any information sent while Mars is within 2º of the sun can be lost to interference form charged particles from the sun . During this time spacecraft are left on autopilot . NASA engineers have become skilled at letting spacecraft be on their own with 10+ years experience in the current operating fleet .
“ Like parents who raise youngsters to be responsible and let them go on a short vacation with their friends , they 've done all they can to ensure the voyagers will be healthy and safe. ” according to NASA
The last weather report received from the Curiosity rover from June 3 showed a pressure of 8.42 hPA ( RDU had 120 times the air pressure that day ) , and a temperature range of -101 F to 15º F ( The high at RDU was 84º F and a low of 62º F ) . It will be interesting to see if temperatures change much during the few weeks of radio silence .
Tony Rice is a volunteer in the NASA/JPL Solar System Ambassador program and software engineer at Cisco Systems . You can follow him on Twitter @ rtphokie .
Coming Soon
Cursed
In this fresh take on the Arthurian legend , teenager Nimue joins forces with mercenary Arthur on a quest to find Merlin and deliver an ancient sword .
Spectros
A teenage boy and his friends get caught in a clash between Brazilian witchcraft and Japanese Shinto spirits in their neighborhood .
Wizards : Tales of Arcadia
The trolls , aliens and wizards living in Arcadia face off in an apocalyptic battle for control of their magical world . Created by Guillermo del Toro .
Jacob and the Sea Beast
In his mission to stop a tyrannical captain and save a kidnapped infant , charming seafarer Jacob finds an unlikely ally in a sea monster .
Love Alarm
A software developer creates an app that alerts users if anyone nearby harbors romantic feelings for them . Adapted from the popular web cartoon .
Wine Country
When a group of longtime girlfriends goes to Napa for the weekend to celebrate their friend 's 50th birthday , tensions from the past boil over .
Merry Happy Whatever
A strong-willed dad navigates the stress of the holiday season when his daughter brings her new boyfriend home for Christmas . Starring Dennis Quaid .
My First First Love
A college student reluctantly lets a group of his friends move into his house , where they experience love , friendship , and everything in between .
Breaking from the NY Times :
Gov . Eliot Spitzer has informed his most senior administration officials that he had been involved in a prostitution ring , an administration official said this morning . Mr. Spitzer , who was huddled with his top aides early this afternoon , had hours earlier abruptly canceled his scheduled public events for the day . He is set to make an announcement about 2:15 this afternoon at his Manhattan office .
Bonus hypocrite angle :
As attorney general , he also had prosecuted at least two prostitution rings as head of the state 's organized crime task force . In one such case in 2004 , Mr. Spitzer spoke with revulsion and anger after announcing the arrest of 16 people for operating a high-end prostitution ring out of Staten Island . “ ” This was a sophisticated and lucrative operation with a multitiered management structure , ” Mr. Spitzer said at the time . ” It was , however , nothing more than a prostitution ring . ”
MORE : Fox News just reported that Spitzer will resign .
MORE II : .... and be indicted !
MORE III : Spitzer just said in his press conference that he `` acted in a way that violated my obligation to my family , '' but did not say he 'd resign .
BOSTON -- Proposed changes to Massachusetts ' medical marijuana regulations aim to make it easier for patients in hospice care to access medical marijuana . But patient advocates say the new rules will not address the fact that the process takes too long and would not help patients who are being cared for at home .
`` Hospice patients are literally out of time , '' said Elizabeth Dost , clinical director for the Massachusetts Patient Advocacy Alliance , which represents medical marijuana patients . `` The patient 's average length of stay ( in hospice ) in Massachusetts is 35 to 45 days . By the time they access cannabis , they are often deceased . ''
Four years after Massachusetts voters legalized medical marijuana , nine dispensaries have opened . The Massachusetts Department of Public Health is considering a range of changes to program regulations meant to streamline processes , clarify language and improve patient access and public safety . A public hearing in Boston Tuesday on the new regulations drew attention to challenges patients face with the program , both under the current rules and under the proposed changes .
`` Four years after the institution of the laws , we still wait for safe access with only nine dispensaries being opened , '' Dost said . `` The medicine is expensive and often cost-prohibitive . ''
Under DPH 's proposed rules , certified nurses , not just doctors , would be able to sign off on a patient 's use of medical marijuana .
The current rules define a 60-day supply of medical marijuana as 10 ounces . But there is little scientific evidence backing up that number , and the new rules would let a doctor define a 60-day supply as less than that .
The proposed rules would let a medical facility -- like a hospice provider or nursing home -- become registered to offer medical marijuana , whereas today only a particular employee can apply to be a prescriber .
The new rules would maintain the current structure of independent testing labs , but would require labs to only test marijuana from registered medical dispensaries -- not , for example , marijuana grown by a patient or caregiver .
Other proposals relate to allowing more flexibility in a marijuana facility 's security system , allowing cultivation from clones and not just seeds , allowing nonorganic cultivation and letting dispensaries post price lists on their websites .
There has been dissension over the proposed changes to the 60-day supply . Peter Bernard , president of the Massachusetts Grower Advocacy Council , said the state should leave the possession limit alone .
`` Ten ounces might be a lot to some people , but when you talk about people with epilepsy or people with cancer or people that need highly concentrated forms of cannabis ... it takes a lot more than that 10 ounces to produce a 60-day supply , '' Bernard said .
Bernard said there is not enough scientific or medical data for a doctor to know an exact dosage . It depends on patients ' tolerance and reactions and on the particular crop , he said .
Jeremiah MacKinnon , co-founder of the Cannabis Society of Massachusetts , said keeping the 10-ounce limit ensures patients get `` equitable treatment . '' He said most patients do not buy that amount anyway because of high prices . The proposed change , he said , would also create a legal disparity , since possession of less than 10 ounces of marijuana is now legal under Massachusetts ' new recreational marijuana law .
But Jordan Tishler , a doctor specializing in medical marijuana , said he would `` welcome the ability to limit amount of the cannabis ( patients ) can buy . ''
Now , Tishler said , dispensaries have a financial incentive to get patients to purchase more marijuana , and he has had patients who have trouble regulating their own use . `` The current system encourages overuse , '' Tishler said .
Patient advocates also criticized the proposed rule limiting labs to testing for dispensaries and not for patients . MacKinnon said that increases the risk that patients who grow their own marijuana or buy it on the street will be exposed to mold or other contaminants or will not properly understand the drug 's potency .
`` It would present public health and safety dangers , '' MacKinnon said . `` DPH should n't deny patients and caregivers access to a regulated testing service . ''
Maggie Kinsella , a medical marijuana patient who works for the Northeastern Institute of Cannabis , said creating obstacles to patients to testing their medicine `` can put their lives at stake . ''
`` The variance in cannabis is too broad for patients to trust a product sold at a dispensary , '' Kinsella said .
Patient advocates also asked state public health officials to go further than is proposed by the current rule changes . Nichole Snow , executive director of the Massachusetts Patient Advocacy Alliance , said the state should drop a $ 50 fee for patient registration cards , which she said causes financial hardship for some patients . She suggested streamlining the process for terminally ill hospice patients who can not wait three to six weeks after filling out paperwork to get marijuana . The current system , she said , `` is inhumane . ''
A second public hearing will be held at 10 a.m. Thursday at the Holyoke Community College Kittredge Center for Business and Workforce Development .
The Department of Public Health will consider testimony from both hearings before releasing final rules .
`` Our top priority continues to be promoting safe patient access while balancing public safety and promoting transparency in the Medical Use of Marijuana program , '' said DPH spokesman Tom Lyons . `` We believe the proposed changes will advance those goals . Input from stakeholders is an important part of the regulatory process ; we welcome the feedback and will closely review all comments submitted during the public comment period and make changes as necessary . ''
This story was updated with Lyons ' comments .
Two new iPhones in 2014
In a concession to how people 's smartphone tastes have shifted , Apple 's been working on not one , but two iPhones : a 4.7-inch version and an awfully phablet-esque 5.5-inch model for those who think iOS 8 really needs some room to breathe . Debates have raged over whether Apple will cover those displays in ultra-durable sapphire crystal ( no more battered screens ! ) , but KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicts the company wo n't take the plunge -- instead saying they 'll offer 128GB versions of the new iPhone instead . Naturally , our fingers are crossed for both . The New York Times also points out that iOS 8 will include a one-hand mode for folks who ca n't quite wrap their mitts around these bigger phones .
Look beyond those screens and you 'll notice a completely different body -- the last time Apple revamped the iPhone 's look this dramatically , we got the angular iPhone 4 . Time almost seems to be running in reverse , as leaked component photos and videos point to a thinner , rounder unibody aluminum affair that 's actually very evocative of the original iPhone . One of the possible side effects of that slimdown is a sleep/wake button that now lives on the phone 's right edge and a camera pod that juts out slightly . Speaking of , we 're not quite sure how robust those shooters are ( most guesses are either eight or 13 megapixels ) , but yet another component leak may confirm that the 5.5-inch iPhone has optical image stabilization . Many of the most compelling images of the new iPhones ( or what we think are the new iPhones ) have come from longtime leaker Sonny Dickson and a high-end Russian accessory maker called Feld & Volk . Meanwhile , some new Russian leakers have apparently slapped some Apple bits and bobs together to give us what may be the closest thing to the official iPhone 6 we 've seen so far .
So yes , dramatic redesign . Fine -- how about what 's inside ? There is n't much known about the iPhone 's new 64-bit A8 processor , but a little sleuthing by MacRumors suggests that it might come paired with 1GB of RAM ( just like the 5s before it ) . Yet more poking around with components revealed that 16GB of storage is still the baseline ( well , for the 4.7-inch model , anyway ) . Oh , and both the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times have said the new iPhones will come with NFC chips that are meant to work with a new payments system Apple has been slaving away on . That 's , well , huge . Thanks to iTunes , Apple is sitting on top of a seriously silly amount of people 's payment information -- turning your iPhone into your wallet ( CNET lays out a few interesting possibilities ) might wind up being one of the most lucrative things Apple could do .
So , when can you get these things ? The ceaseless whispers from the rumor mill says they should officially launch a few weeks after the event , and many expect the 4.7-inch version to start at the usual $ 199 with a contract . That means -- you guessed it -- the bigger version would probably start at around $ 299 on-contract and the 5s would assuredly slide down the price scale to $ 99 .
The iWatch cometh
Prognosticators have been calling for an Apple smartwatch since smartwatches became a thing , and it looks like they 're finally getting their wish . Apple 's expected to pull back the curtain on its first wearable next week too -- we just hope it is n't actually called the iWatch . What do we actually know about the thing ? Not a ton , but still more than you might think .
For a company and gadget types that are so prone to causing leak-y hysteria , it 's sort of a shock that we still do n't know what the thing 'll look like ( all of the images in this story are renders , natch ) . The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal just published two of the most detailed peeks at Apple 's wearable we 've seen yet , and they point to the existence of two differently sized watches with curved ( and maybe even flexible ) OLED screens coated in sapphire glass . Last time that `` two model '' rumor made the rounds , Business Insider guessed that Apple was working on distinct versions for men and women , but it 's also possible we 're just looking at two different form factors à la the traditional Samsung Gear and the bracelet-y Gear Fit . Either way , we 've already seen style play a big part in people 's smartwatch preferences . Remember Google I/O ? Attendees were given both Samsung 's and LG 's Android Wear watches , but an audible groan ran through the crowd when they realized they would n't get the utterly handsome Moto 360 .
Thankfully , we 've got a slightly better sense of what the watch will actually do . You can bet Apple 's watch will deliver email , message and app notifications to your wrist , and the Times adds you 'll be able to view maps on it as well . We know that Siri is getting smarter ( behind closed doors , anyway ) , and she may play a role in how apps are displayed on devices with limited screen sizes . Sound familiar ? Then there 's the wellness angle . Apple 's making a big mobile health push in the form of HealthKit for iOS 8 , and its watch would be the perfect tool to collect some of that data on the fly . All told , the Journal says there will be more than 10 sensors nestled in the watch to help keep tabs on your body -- expect mundane components like accelerometers mixed in with more exotic fare . Sweat sensors , anyone ? ( Fine , maybe not ) . As it turns out , the watch could tie into the new payments platform Apple has been tinkering with thanks to a built-in NFC chip , so it 's possible you 'll be able to pay for your morning coffee with a tap of your wrist soon enough . Oh , and when it comes time to give the thing some juice ? Apple is notorious for being all about appearances , which lends credence to the reports that they 've eschewed icky cables in favor of a wireless charging system .
For all the uncertainty surrounding the wearable , one thing seems clear -- Apple 's probably going to sell a stupid number of them . Better start scrimping now : A report from Re/code ( which accurately pinpointed the event 's date in advance ) suggests that Apple 's wearable wo n't actually start shipping until early next year , and Apple brass has at least talked about selling it for $ 400 .
( For those not in California : Proposition 2 gives more protection to feed animals and is passing , but Proposition 8 which removes the rights for gay people to marry is passing too ... )
I am TIRED of this double standard . It 's very simple , do we really believe in `` liberty and justice for ALL '' ? We still have a very long way to go to equality .
My condolences to our fellow LGBT community in Arizona on Proposition 102 as well .
We will refuse to give up our marriage license , and fight it in court as far as we have to .
Sorry for the bummer diary on a very positive night . It 's tough to be overly happy when we 've just had rights taken away . Bittersweet is a good word , and we 'll keep on fighting . I 'm just really tired of fighting .
By Chris Wright
Richard Keys used to present Sky Sports ' football coverage for many-a-year . He now does n't . This is because he did a small sexism on television a couple of years ago and paid the price . Now he and his partner in crime , Andy Gray , present Premier League coverage out in Qatar with Al Jazeera .
Key has given an interview to the Indy 's Jack Pitt-Brookes , and we thought we 'd bring you some of the choice excerpts and quotes . Quite honestly , Steve Coogan and Armando Iannucci could n't have ladled on the delusional hubris any better…
“ When Sky Sports were signing [ new presenters and pundits ] left , right and centre , I said , ‘ I would n't do that ' . Sky have done their money . They 've done their money on Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness and they have n't got the money to pay anyone else . And with the regularity of those three , the novelty will wear off . ”
On the hiring of Gary Neville : “ He was my idea . Me and Geoff Shreeves . We sat with him in Manchester over a bowl of chips . We went and saw Giggsy over the same weekend and said to them both , ‘ Whichever one of you retires first , come and join us ' . I went to [ then-Sky managing director ] Vic Wakeling – Shreevesy was as much a part of it – saying , ‘ One or other of those two would be perfect ' . ”
On competition from BT Sport : “ Andy and I saw off challenges almost as if they had n't happened . Everything has changed now . There is a lot of youth about the place . ”
On the importance of ( his own ) experience : “ Andy Melvin – who was the genius behind most of what Sky did – he always used to give me the analogy of a 747 pilot . When you wander on to a 747 and you see a grey-haired pilot , it looks like he 's got a few miles on his clock , been round the world a few times , you feel safer with him . A youthful pilot might not have encountered the same problems . There is a place for experience . It is a commodity money ca n't buy . Perhaps they need to think carefully in that respect . ”
On the new SNF and MNF live audience format : “ They 've tried to emulate the Top Gear format , which is sensational . The boys do that brilliantly . But it 's a different show . It 's their call . We tried an audience on Monday Night Football 10 years ago . And it failed . It failed miserably . ”
And so on and so on… You can read the full thing here if you wish .
He goes on to claim that he was fired by Sky , not because he accidentally showed himself up as a retrograde misogynist but because “ dark forces ” in the media conspired to oust he and Gray in order to usher in a new “ youthful ” dawn of sport reporting .
The man obviously still considers himself an overthrown titan and wholeheartedly believes that , once the world tires of all these youthful , buttoned-down pundits and their wishy-washy statistical analysis , he and Gray will be welcomed back with open arms to yank the Sky Sports audience from a quagmire of their own making .
Oh , and while we 're on the subject , Keys actually calls Andy Gray “ the best , the Daddy of them all , the guy who invented it ” at one point .
Yuck .
( Nightmarish image via @ _barebour )
Hundreds of Bernie Sanders donors have launched a massive class action lawsuit against the DNC alleging fraud and collusion with the Hillary Clinton campaign , in a move designed to fundamentally change the way the DNC exists and conducts business , and thousands more people have requested paperwork to sign on as plaintiffs in the past 48 hours .
Beck & Lee Trial Lawyers , a civil litigation firm based in Miami , Florida , is announcing the filing of a class action lawsuit against the DNC early next week , and anyone who donated to the DNC after Bernie Sanders entered the race for the Democratic nomination , either directly or through third-party payment platforms , along with anybody who donated to Bernie Sanders ' campaign at any stage of the primaries and caucuses , is eligible to join the lawsuit .
Considering around two million people donated a combined seven million contributions averaging $ 27 a piece – and they are all eligible to join the lawsuit – this has the potential to turn into one of the largest class actions in American history .
‘ Signed agreements are coming in steadily and we continue to get new requests by the minute , ' Beck & Lee partner Jared Beck said .
“ We think that the DNC has been running absolutely out of control and completely disregarding their responsibilities , rights , and duties to the public , ” attorney Elizabeth Beck said .
usuncut.com reports :
Jared Beck said whether or not a “ class ” in the lawsuit is deemed valid by the court will depend on a number of factors , but the number of class representatives in the lawsuit could be as high as the number of individual donors to Sanders ' campaign .
“ The way a class action works in civil litigation is that not everybody who is represented or is a member of the class needs to be a class plaintiff , ” Beck said in a phone interview . “ We 'll be seeking relief for everybody who falls into the class around the country . ”
“ Given the average donation of $ 27 , that could be a lot of people , to say the least , ” he added .
The basis for the lawsuit stems from DNC internal communications published by hacker Guccifer 2.0 , who took ownership of the compromising of DNC servers and allegedly leaked their contents . Among other items , the leaks revealed emails showing the DNC had been actively working behind the scenes to boost Hillary Clinton 's profile in the media as early as May 26 , 2015 , nearly a month after Sanders had entered the race for the Democratic nomination .
New leaks published this week showed the DNC spent time and resources assessing Clinton 's vulnerabilities as a candidate in the early summer of 2015 , and the DNC even drafted talking points for campaign operatives to suggest as narratives to members of the media , attempting to inject their own phrasing into third-party stories .
Beck said he believes the lawsuit will be successful , as Article 5 , Section 4 of the charter and bylaws of the Democratic Party explicitly requires the chair of the DNC to remain impartial during the primary process :
“ In the conduct and management of the affairs and procedures of the Democratic National Committee , particularly as they apply to the preparation and conduct of the Presidential nomination process , the Chairperson shall exercise impartiality and evenhandedness as between the Presidential candidates and campaigns . The Chairperson shall be responsible for ensuring that the national officers and staff of the Democratic National Committee maintain impartiality and evenhandedness during the Democratic Party Presidential nominating process . ”
Beck also said a fraud lawsuit is justified due to multiple actions taken by DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who served as co-chair of Clinton 's 2008 campaign . Wasserman Schultz repeatedly claimed neutrality throughout the primary season despite numerous allegations from the Sanders campaign and national media that she tipped the scales in Clinton 's favor throughout the Democratic primary , most notably by scheduling the debates during low-viewership timeslots and by shutting down the Sanders campaign 's access to its voter file database for 24 hours .
“ The DNC needs to do what it says in its charter , which is to be even-handed and unbiased in response to the slate of candidates running for the nomination , ” Beck told US Uncut .
Elizabeth Lee Beck , a senior partner at the firm who is helping to coordinate the lawsuit , said thousands of messages have poured in from Sanders supporters across the country .
“ People use words like , ‘ angry , ' ‘ I feel cheated , ' ‘ Thank you for giving us a voice , ' ” Elizabeth Beck said . “ I 've read comments like , ‘ I would have gotten the same results as if I had flushed my money down the commode . ' ”
“ The common thread among all these emails is they feel deeply aggrieved and cheated , which is a natural response to being defrauded , ” she added .
Elizabeth Beck described the shock she felt at an email from a Sanders supporter that spoke to the depth of sacrifice that the Vermont senator 's donors made to support his campaign .
“ I remember someone said , ‘ I donated $ 35 , but if I had known then what I know now , I would n't have done it . That was a trip to the grocery store , ' ” she recalled .
According to Jared Beck , no venue has yet been picked to file the lawsuit , which he expects to be officially filed early next week to allow for a hearing before the Democratic National Convention on July 25 . Under federal law , the DNC , as a defendant in a class action lawsuit , has 20 days to respond upon being served . He said there are several options the DNC can choose from in how it responds .
“ They can issue a motion to dismiss or move to stay the case , which means they try to delay it . I do n't know what kind of strategy we 'll see from them , ” Beck said . “ There 's not a lot of precedent for this type of lawsuit , so it 's really hard to say what we 'd expect from the defendant at this point . ”
Jared Beck described this lawsuit as unique in that the goal is to not just secure financial compensation , but to fundamentally change the way the DNC exists and conducts business .
“ You have people who say they 're homeless or unemployed , and they gave whatever was in their pockets to Bernie , and you have doctors and lawyers who have given thousands of dollars… We 're civil litigators , and usually our cases can be reduced to dollars and cents , but I do n't know if any amount of money could compensate for American democracy , which is priceless to me . I think anything short of a fundamental change in the way the DNC conducts itself is not acceptable… This is n't a case that 's about money , this is a case about the fairness about the Democratic process . ”
Beck and Lee is a civil litigation firm that has previously won multi-million dollar judgments in previous civil cases . While their firm is based in Florida , they have prior experience in nationwide class action lawsuits , with Elizabeth Lee Beck serving as co-lead counsel in a nationwide class action case against Unilever .
Anyone wanting to join Beck & Lee 's lawsuit is encouraged to email dncfraud @ jampac.us and follow the progress of the lawsuit on its official Facebook page .
Jack Wallen eats a bit of crow about his initial reporting on Firefox 54 , but addresses why open source software still needs to be made smarter , and more user-friendly .
Image : Jack Wallen
Let 's talk about the latest release of Firefox again .
When last we spoke about the open source browser , things were looking fast , but shaky on one particular certain sight ( cough , cough , Facebook . ) Predictably so , I was contacted by numerous Firefox developers about the issue , with the hopes to resolve the issue . Turns out , I owe the developers of Firefox a bit of an apology , as the issue was n't square on the shoulders of Firefox itself .
At least not on the Linux platform . My experience with Firefox on Windows 10 ( which was a brand new install and a brand-new profile ) was still a bit lagging . After my updated experience with Firefox 54 on Linux , I am now inclined to believe the issue with Windows 10 was due to underpowered hardware . However , the machine in question did meet the minimum requirements for Firefox 54 :
Pentium 4 or newer processor that supports SSE2
512MB of RAM
200MB of hard drive space
After spending a bit more time with Firefox on Windows 10 , I would have to conclude the issue is the hardware and not the browser ( as Firefox runs about as well as Chrome or Edge ) . Either way , Windows 10 is n't my daily driver , so I 'm going to focus on the Linux side of things .
It should come as no surprise that the issue was very quickly resolved . Much to my surprise , the problem at hand was a combination of a corrupt profile and an extension that no longer seemed to want to function properly . The extension in question was the User-Agent Switcher , which was causing the latest Firefox user-agent to present the browser as an out-of-date version . As to the broken profile ? This was a profile I 'd been using for years , never to any ill effect . But , chance be had , something in the soup decided to sour and made for a rather nasty experience with Facebook . To get around that issue , I had to create a new profile ( more on that in a bit ) and then , everything changed . I had an instance of Firefox that was smooth as buttah , fast as a cheetah , and as stable as Stonehenge . Point in fact , I 've never worked with a version of Firefox this good — and I 've been using Firefox for a very , very long time .
Why are fixes necessary ?
Before I continue singing the praises of Firefox 54 , let 's talk about the fixes that had to handled , and why this should n't be necessary . First and foremost , I am tech-savvy enough to troubleshoot these problems . After 20 years of using the Linux operating system , I 'm accustomed to tweaking , configuring , tinkering , and troubleshooting . But the average user ( especially the average Facebook user ) is not . In fact , quite the opposite applies . And I firmly believe that every company that produces software needs to take that cross-section of users strongly into account . These are users that :
Want their software to `` just work ''
Do not have the skills to troubleshoot
Use a bare minimum of features in most software
Will turn back to their old software if the new software fails in any way
Generally fear change
Most often do not know where to turn when there 's a problem
It 's one thing when a developer reaches out to someone with the technical prowess to troubleshoot an issue . Take those same troubleshooting steps to the average user and the process shifts to a session troubleshooting the troubleshooting . On top of that , end users should n't have to troubleshoot a new installation or an upgrade of something as critical as a browser . That idea does n't only land square on the shoulders of the Firefox developers , but all developers .
I 've been experiencing this more often than I prefer lately . Most recently , I 've discovered the OpenShot video editor , a piece of software I use regularly , to have reached a point that it only barely meets my needs ( and , in some instances , is unusable ) . Although I might have the ability to troubleshoot that issue , I do n't necessarily have the time ; and so , I turn to another solution . One that just works .
Unfortunately , this happens quite a bit in the world of open source—and it 's something that needs to change . Many developers assume their users are typical for the Linux community , in that they are not only accustomed to troubleshooting , but enjoy the challenge . If Linux is to seriously gain any ground on the desktop , that focus needs to change . Developers , across the board , need to shift to an `` average user first '' perspective ; otherwise , they run the risk of losing said users .
Does that mean they need to start `` dumbing down '' their software ? Not at all . Quite the opposite , in fact . I would posit that developers need to `` smarten up '' their software , such that it is better capable of dealing with issues similar to what I faced .
Enough with the soap-boxing and grandstanding . What about that fix ?
The profile manager
To some , uttering those two words sends a dread chill up the spine . Over the years , I have had to help so many users get beyond a broken Firefox profile . On the plus side , at least there 's a tool , built into the software , that can handle the problem .
To run the Firefox profile manager on the Linux platform , you need to start Firefox with the command :
firefox -p
When the profile manager opens ( Figure A ) , click on Create Profile and then , when prompted , give the new profile a name and ( optionally ) choose the folder to store the new profile . Click Finish and Firefox will start up with the new profile .
Figure A
Believe it or not , this will go a very long way to solving any problems Firefox may be having . The one caveat to this is that you 're starting your browser from scratch . All of your bookmarks , saved passwords , extensions , everything , is gone . However , along with those customizations , the issues preventing Firefox from working properly will vanish as well . In my case , the corrupt profile and the incompatible extension were no longer in play
And that brings me to now and my revised summation of Firefox 54 . I can sum it up in a single word :
Wow .
It 's not much of a word ( just three letters in fact ) , but it perfectly describes my experience with the issue-free iteration of Firefox 54 . This is , by far , the fastest and most reliable release of Firefox I 've ever used . In fact ( as I stated in the previous article ) , it 's faster than Chrome—an impressive feat . Firefox has n't been my default browser for quite some time . That was partially due to my using a Chromebook as my daily mobile driver . As that is going to soon change , I can now happily return to Firefox as my browser of choice . Firefox 's improvement of performance and reliability on an almost exponential level makes for a no-brainer of a switch .
If you 've been away from Firefox for some time , I would invite you to return to the open source browser , effective immediately . I would recommend you start the browser from scratch ( as well as configure multi-process support , as explained in my previous article on Firefox 54 ) and enjoy an unrivaled speed and reliability .
Hats off and crow eaten
To the developers of Firefox , my hat is off to you and the helping of crow on my plate . If the latest release is any indication as to the trajectory of the flagship open source browser , Firefox is destined to return to the greatness it once enjoyed .
Open Source Weekly Newsletter You do n't want to miss our tips , tutorials , and commentary on the Linux OS and open source applications . Delivered Tuesdays Sign up today
Also see
Louisville commit Adonis Boone says he 's all in with the Cardinals , but he also said Friday night that he 's entering this weekend 's official visit to UCF with an open mind .
The 6-foot-5 , 285-pound Boone , an offensive tackle from Daytona Beach Mainland , is currently on an official recruiting visit to the UCF campus and he said it 's possible that he could be persuaded to stay closer to home for college .
“ I 'd say I 'm pretty solid to Louisville . If UCF has a chance of flipping me they 'd have to show me something that Louisville does n't have to offer , ” Boone said .
Boone has already taken his official visit to Louisville , so this weekend he will be able to compare each school and its facilities .
“ It will mean a lot because I 've been to UCF games as a recruit , but I have n't been able to explore the facilities and all that , ” Boone said . “ I have seen the dorms because I 've been to the UCF padded [ full uniform ] camp , but to get an inside look at the football facilities , no . So it will be a good chance to see where it 's at . ”
Boone 's main recruiting contacts at UCF have been head coach Josh Heupel and offensive line coach Glen Elarbee .
“ Coach Heupel was just telling me to come join ... the family and come be a hometown hero and all of that , ” said Boone . “ He was just telling me to stay home and my family could come visit me every Saturday and all that .
“ To be able to come see me every Saturday would be great for my family . ”
Being close to home is one selling point UCF has to offer , but Boone will be looking at other aspects , as well .
“ I know the Orlando environment and I know it can get pretty rowdy down there , ” Boone said . “ But if I see something that sticks out , it will come down to just the school , period . ”
What he knows for sure is that UCF wants him .
“ They like my athleticism and they compare me to other tackles in high school , like some might have a big gut , or whatever , ” Boone said . “ They like that I have a solid frame , and I 'm very athletic . ”
Boone is planning to sign his National Letter of Intent on Wednesday , the first day of the new early signing period , and even if he does flip to UCF , he said his intentions would remain the same .
“ Yes , I 'm ready to sign and get it over with , ” Boone said .
Here 's where Central Florida 's top high school football players are going to college »
UCF has this weekend to make its pitch and then Louisville will have very little time to counter should he change his mind . The NCAA enters its “ dead ” period at midnight Sunday , and schools can not contact recruits until Jan. 11 .
UCF had seen one Mainland product fare quite well recently in Adrian Killins , the speedy running back who is the Knights ' leading rusher this season .
The Knights have several other visitors on campus this weekend , including four of their 13 commitments to the 2018 recruiting class . Those visiting pledges are OL Eric Seidelman of Orlando Bishop Moore , OL Edward Collins of Birmingham ( Ala. ) Ramsay , DB Derek Gainous of Miami Senior High and DL Isaac Walker of Gainesville St. Francis Catholic School .
Also visiting is former UCF commit TE Justin McGriff of Tampa Jefferson . McGriff decommitted UCF last week and , after taking and official visit to Nebraska , committed to the Cornhuskers and new head coach Scott Frost .
Two Florida commits DB Randy Russell of Miami Carol CIty and WR Tyquan Thornton of Miami Booker T. Washington are also on campus , as are two former Gators ' commits in DBs Deontai Williams and Divaad Wilson .
Williams , a safety , played high school ball at Jacksonville Trinity Christian before playing two seasons at Ellisville ( Miss . ) Jones County Junior College . Wilson , also a safety , is coming off a state championship season at Miami Northwestern .
One other juco player on campus is TE Christopher DeLoach , who played at Columbus ( Miss . ) High and is now at Decatur ( Miss . ) East Central Community College .
CAPTION Chris Hays talks about the Super 60 football recruiting rankings for the Class of 2020 and the top players on that list . Chris Hays talks about the Super 60 football recruiting rankings for the Class of 2020 and the top players on that list . CAPTION Chris Hays talks about the Super 60 football recruiting rankings for the Class of 2020 and the top players on that list . Chris Hays talks about the Super 60 football recruiting rankings for the Class of 2020 and the top players on that list . CAPTION Chris Hays talks about the recent penalties by the FHSAA for high school football players . Chris Hays talks about the recent penalties by the FHSAA for high school football players . CAPTION South Lake High School running back Kelley Joiner talks about his commitment to USF . South Lake High School running back Kelley Joiner talks about his commitment to USF . CAPTION Orlando Christian Prep senior receiver Xavier Weaver talks about his commitment to USF . Orlando Christian Prep senior receiver Xavier Weaver talks about his commitment to USF . CAPTION The Florida Gators offered a scholarship to class of 2019 Wekiva defensive lineman Tyler Davis . The Florida Gators offered a scholarship to class of 2019 Wekiva defensive lineman Tyler Davis .
Chris Hays covers college football recruiting , as well as college and high school football for the Sentinel . Reach him at chays @ orlandosentinel.com .
Also follow us on Twitter @ OS_Recruiting or on Faceboook at OS Recruiting or on Instagram at OS_Recruiting .
Amazon removes one-star reviews from Hillary Clinton 's new book
CLOSE In a candid , angry new book , Hillary Clinton relives her stunning defeat to Donald Trump . She admits personal mistakes , but also lays blame on Former FBI Director James Comey . ( Sept. 8 ) AP
Amazon was on the defensive end this week after receiving criticism for deleting negative reviews of Hillary Clinton 's new book .
The online retail giant acknowledged its decision to remove one-star reviews of Clinton 's memoir , What Happened , claiming they have the right to uphold reviews from legitimate customers .
“ In the case of a memoir , the subject of the book is the author and their views , ” an Amazon spokesperson told Fortune . “ It 's not our role to decide what a customer would view as helpful or unhelpful in making their decision . We do however have mechanisms in place to ensure that the voices of many do not drown out the voices of a few and we remove customer reviews that violate our community guidelines . ”
For the week of Sept. 3 , What Happened is sixth on the most sold non-ficition list . As of Friday morning , Clinton 's memoir had five out five stars from 609 reviews .
ReviewMeta , a website that analyzes the authenticity of Amazon reviews , said that 25 % of reviewers of Clinton 's book were `` suspicious , '' a designation it gives to reviewers who have only reviewed one title .
Earlier this week , Clinton told USA TODAY 's Susan Page that she is `` convinced '' there was collusion by Trump associates in the 2016 election . `` There certainly was communication and there certainly was an understanding of some sort , '' she said .
What Happened , which recounts her loss to Trump , has drawn criticism and support from both the left and the right of the political aisle .
Hillary Clinton : Bernie Sanders ' attacks 'paved the way ' for Trump
More : 'New Yorker ' reveals cover it would have used if Hillary had won
Exclusive : Hillary says Trump associates helped Russia meddle in election
Contributing : Ryan W. Miller
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2x4b2dV
A new report says that 85 percent of hate crimes committed in Europe during 2011were aimed at Christians .
The report , from the Austria-based Observatory on Intolerance and Discrimination Against Christians in Europe , summarized incidents ranging from vandalism and insults to the suppression of religious symbols , desecrations , “ hate crimes ” and religiously motivated violence .
Dr. Gudrun Kugler , director of the observatory , said studies suggest that 85 percent of hate crimes in Europe are directed against Christians .
“ It is high time for the public debate to respond to this reality ! ” Kugler said .
In Scotland , 95 percent of religiously motivated violence targets Christians . In France , 84 percent of vandalism is directed against Christian places of worship .
The observatory has also monitored professional restrictions on Christians . A restrictive definition of freedom of conscience means that professions such as magistrates , doctors , nurses , midwives and pharmacists are “ slowly closing for Christians . ”
Teachers and parents “ get into trouble ” when they disagree with state-defined sexual ethics , the report said .
One survey in the U.K. indicates popular perception agrees . Seventy-four percent of poll respondents said that there is more negative discrimination against Christians than people of other faiths .
{ snip }
Original Article
Share This
Black Lives Matter Toronto grabbed much of the media spotlight on the weekend by staging a 30-minute disruption of the Pride parade and issuing a set of demands to organizers , including barring police floats and booths from future events .
While people continue to debate whether the group 's actions were justified , what may be more important to the organization is whether its sit-in protest ultimately hurt or helped its cause .
`` I think , in at least the short term , it helps them because it makes them relevant , '' said Toronto-based branding expert Andris Pone . `` Whether you like what they did or not , it was highly effective . ''
`` It 's difficult to deny what they did was very successful in terms of raising awareness . ''
Most Canadians were likely unaware of Black Lives Matter Toronto 's activities before the Pride protest , Pone said . But he cautioned that the group may want to temper its actions in the future , because over time , people may tire of such disruptions .
Black Lives Matter Toronto has hailed its protest a success . It had been invited to participate in the parade and given the status of Honoured Group . But at one point during the procession , its members staged a peaceful sit-in , forcing the event to come to a standstill for 30 minutes .
Black Lives Matter Toronto had been invited to participate in the parade and given the status of Honoured Group . ( Mark Blinch/Canadian Press )
The organization issued a list of demands , including better representation of black gay individuals in Pride Toronto staffing and hiring and a commitment to continued space , funding and logistical support for black gay youth .
Most controversially , the group demanded all police floats and booths be banned from Pride marches and parades .
Organizers agreed to the demands and the parade resumed , although on Monday , the head of Pride Toronto backtracked on the police ultimatum , saying he just signed the agreement on Sunday to get the parade moving and that organizers wo n't be told who can join the event .
'Overplayed their hand '
And it was this demand about police participation that may have been a step too far , said Toronto-based political strategist Marcel Wieder .
`` In terms of raising concerns about their own participation in Pride activities , I think they achieved that , '' he said . `` Had they just stuck to that , I think they would have received a sympathetic ear and they could move on .
`` But they overplayed their hand and went after the police community and that 's where they did themselves a bit of a disservice . ''
By insisting that police no longer take part in the event , Black Lives Matter Toronto disenfranchised black and gay police officers , Wieder said .
Such a ban would also derail some of the productive relationship-building between police and the gay community that has developed over the years , he said .
Setting aside the police ban demand , Wieder said the protest was effective in attracting media attention to the group 's cause and providing a forum to amplify its message to a much larger audience .
Megan Boler , a social justice education professor at the University of Toronto 's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education , said the fact the protest `` brought politics back into the Pride parade '' is a `` huge win . ''
`` I think it will be good for their cause because it 's opened a conversation now about the police being part of the parade , '' she said .
Police officers from Hamilton , Ont. , join Sunday 's parade . ( Mark Blinch/Canadian Press )
More importantly , she said , it 's raised the important issue of the fractious relationships between the police and different communities in the city .
But Randi Rahamim , a principal at the Toronto-based communications firm Navigator Ltd. , said she believes most people will view the tactics of Black Lives Matter Toronto — hijacking the event of another group that has also been marginalized in society — as completely unreasonable .
'What do politicians care about ? '
`` They 've always used this kind of provocative tactics , not only to raise awareness of their cause but to achieve results , '' she said . `` They are achieving results for their own group and their own interests and to that end they 've been successful . ''
Earlier this year , members of the group staged weeks-long protests at Toronto police headquarters and also went to the home of Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne . The premier eventually agreed to meet with the organization .
However , Rahamim said when it comes to effecting long-term change , Black Lives Matter Toronto needs to get the larger public on board and understanding the challenges the black community faces .
`` And to that end , these types of , what some people perceive as radical moves , do n't win over public opinion . So I think they 're only going to be effective to a point , '' she said .
`` Ultimately , what do politicians care about ? They care about public opinion and until this becomes a mass issue for the broader public , I do n't think they will achieve the significant results they 're looking for . ''
​
In the midst of all the Bunbury chatter , it 's a great relief to know that the people over at CityBeat have been hard at work on our next big entertainment event in Cincinnati , Midpoint Music Festival . In addition to their previously released list of artists , the festival announced today the addition of :
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Damien Jurado
Johnathan Rice
The Technicolors
Young Empires
American Royalty
Gauntlet Hair
The Grahams
Nicholas David
Bear 's Den
Snowmine
Helado Negro
Cory Chisel and the Wandering Sons
The Delta Saints
Vandaveer
Ha Ha Tonka
This is in addition to these previously confirmed bands :
The Breeders
The Head and the Heart
Warpaint
Foxygen
Cody Chesnutt
Daughter
Metz
Kishi Bashi
Julianne Barwick
Spectrals
Dent May
Grandfather Child
The Ghost Wolves
Jeecy and the Jungle
Phox
Caveman
Perfume Genius
Shuggie Otis
Kurt Vile
Youth Lagoon
On an On
Baths
Murder By Death
Bleached
Saturday Looks Good To Me
San Fermin
Secret Colours
Nat Baldwin
Wild Cub
The Shilohs
Birds of Chicago
Tickets for the 2013 Midpoint Music Festival are available now at mpmf.cincyticket.com ( three-day passes are only $ 69 ) ! You can also enter to win a pair of weekend passes from yours truly HERE .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Philip Hammond willing to `` reset fiscal policy '' if deemed necessary
The new Chancellor of the Exchequer has said he may use the Autumn Statement to `` reset '' Britain 's economic policy .
At the start of a trip to China to strengthen post-Brexit business ties , Philip Hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months .
He added that the Treasury will act `` if we deem it necessary to do so '' .
Labour 's shadow chancellor , John McDonnell , dismissed Mr Hammond 's plan as `` just warm words from another Tory chancellor '' .
And he added : `` As at present the failed austerity policies of George Osborne are still going ahead and the government is still sticking to the failed fiscal framework .
`` This means that Britain is on hold until Philip Hammond makes up his mind . The Tories clearly had no plan for Brexit and are making it up as they go along . ''
Before becoming Prime Minister , Theresa May had said that the government would no longer seek to reach a surplus by 2020 .
Mr Hammond said on Friday : `` Over the medium term we will have the opportunity with our Autumn Statement , our regular late year fiscal event , to reset fiscal policy if we deem it necessary to do so in the light of the data that will emerge over the coming months . ''
Following Mr Hammond 's statement , figures from IHS Markit 's Purchasing Managers ' Index revealed a `` dramatic deterioration '' in economic activity in the services and manufacturing sectors in July , which fell to the lowest level since April 2009 .
Analysis : Kamal Ahmed , BBC economics editor
Well , that was a surprise .
Among the warm words on Sino- British relations ( the UK still wants to be a major investment partner with China ) the new Chancellor of the Exchequer dropped a small grenade .
He said the government would be willing to `` reset fiscal policy '' if it was deemed necessary given the decision on Brexit .
Following on from Theresa May 's announcement that the government 's 2020 target to eliminate the deficit was no more , Mr Hammond looks like he is considering a radical approach should the economy need a kick-start .
That opens up a host of possibilities .
More borrowing ?
More infrastructure spending supported by the state as well as private money ?
Yes , the government has said it wants to `` live within its means '' .
And nothing has been decided .
`` Reset '' is only one word , after all , though a significant one .
But , as with Mrs May , Mr Hammond might be rather more headline grabbing on changes in economic direction than some expected .
Particularly if the economy looks sickly ahead of the Autumn Statement .
This week new data showed that public borrowing was lower than expected in June , but it is still expected to overshoot the government 's £55.5bn full-year borrowing forecast by £14bn .
Paul Johnson , director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies , the independent think tank , said : `` I think what Mr Hammond was saying was rather similar to what George Osborne was saying about the fact that the government needs to re-think its fiscal rules , it 's not going to get to a budget surplus as it planned in 2020 because the economy will slow down .
`` We do n't know how much , it might be a recession , it might just be a slowdown . That will mean there will be less tax revenue coming in and Mr Hammond is going to have some really tough choices to make in the Autumn Statement . Increase spending ? Cut taxes ? Or just carry on as we were ? ''
Mr Hammond is attending his first meeting as chancellor with the G20 finance ministers which is taking place in Chengdu . He will also visit Beijing and Hong Kong .
He declared that Britain was `` open for business '' and was `` one of the most attractive destinations in the world for international investment '' .
Before Britain voted to leave the EU , China 's Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said the consequences were unclear , but that they would be felt for years to come .
Mr Lou said Brexit would `` cast a shadow over the global economy '' and that the `` repercussions and fallout '' would emerge over the next five to 10 years .
The heated debate on the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act focuses on two issues - the scale of leakages from the scheme and its financial cost and consequent contribution to the fiscal deficit . These are largely empirical questions of implementation - but any policy needs also to be considered in its idealized , perfectly implemented form so as to discern its inherent design and logic . Let us therefore assume zero leakages from the NREGA and negligible financial cost without any impact on the fiscal deficit . Suppose that every rupee spent on the scheme seeks out its target with infallible accuracy and is fully funded by a non-distortionary lump-sum tax .
Suppose also that the NREGA raises wages significantly - a result that is hailed by advocates of the scheme as its greatest triumph and one that is probably factually true . In the perfect world ruled by these assumptions , the NREGA would surely shine as the most resplendent accomplishment of the United Progressive Alliance , the most dazzling legacy of Sonia and Rahul Gandhi and the national advisory council ?
Economics , unfortunately , is too complex for such grand simplifications . The NREGA assures every family anywhere in the Indian countryside of 100 days employment annually at or above minimum wages . It thereby erodes incentives for labour mobility from unproductive agricultural regions to higher productivity employment elsewhere . To each worker , the NREGA offers an opportunity for reasonable wages without migrating to an alien , possibly hostile , milieu , an increase in options that he often eagerly embraces . For him , this is a dominant strategy since he believes , correctly , that he personally can do nothing about the economic environment . But when millions of workers choose likewise , the economic environment is transformed : labour supply for the production of marketable goods dwindles , it 'tightens ' , in the words of the NREGA 's passionate advocates , thus inducing the rise in wages that they celebrate . A possibly unintended - but inevitable - consequence of this 'tightening ' , however , is a sharp contraction of output , resulting in a powerful impetus to inflation even if the NREGA is fully tax-financed and therefore adds nothing to money income and demand . The NREGA , even a balanced-budget NREGA , imposes an inflation cost on the poor which may neutralize the benefit of the increased employment options that it offers . Since the rural worker was never offered the choice between price stability without the NREGA and inflation with it , one does n't know what he would have preferred . The notion that the NREGA makes the rural poor better off is a classic example of the Keynesian 'fallacy of composition ' , the belief that what is true for the individual is necessarily true for the aggregate .
Here is the key to a mystery that many have found quite inexplicable - the secret of the UPA II 's inflation . Indian inflation in the last two years so far outpaced global rates that it could not be blamed on external sources . And some have argued that the UPA was in fact a model of fiscal prudence compared to the National Democratic Alliance which somehow achieved price stability . Why then did prices rise significantly since 2008 and explosively in 2011-13 ?
The answer lies in the shortfall of output below its potential level due to the distortion of incentives induced by the NREGA and similar schemes . Inflation visibly accelerated since 2008 , when the NREGA was rolled out nation-wide . It was driven by sky-rocketing food prices because , under the NREGA , both the injection of money income and demand and the withdrawal of labour supply were concentrated in agriculture .
The food price explosion paved the way for the Food Security Act . The poor had to be protected from the consequences of the NREGA by a government guarantee of virtually free food . This could not , of course , contain inflation . It merely deflected it away from cereals onto vegetables , fruit , pulses , oils , sugar , milk , other animal products and manufactures . The astronomical rise in these prices was a major factor in the UPA 's electoral debacle .
Government commitment to free foodgrain supply affected production no less than consumption . It signalled to the farmer that the government has no option other than high cereal procurement prices and that he would find it profitable to divert acreage better suited to other crops to cereal cultivation . It led , therefore , to a loss of comparative advantage , a reduction in output due to a distortion in production incentives over and above the distortion of labour incentives directly caused by the NREGA , fuelling further inflation .
But what about the 'durable assets ' the NREGA produced ? Jairam Ramesh , the UPA 's minister for rural development , confessed in December 2013 that the NREGA had failed to create such assets - a confession that surprised no one . The NREGA is obsessed with employment : it uses the most labour-intensive techniques , no machinery , only the most rudimentary tools , minimal energy and transport inputs and the cheapest locally available materials . Supervision concentrates on wage payment rather than creation of an end product . Projects are mostly never completed . When they are , they are washed away in the next monsoon and can be done all over again . The flimsiness of the NREGA 's assets may not have mattered if they were the property of private farmers who would have an incentive to maintain them . Unfortunately , 89 per cent of these assets are public goods , common property that is therefore allowed to lapse into terminal decay almost as soon as it is created . All this is not a mere flaw in implementation : it is inherent in the objectives and design of the NREGA itself .
The NREGA visualizes creation by government on a vast scale and at the taxpayer 's expense of 'disguised unemployment ' , the phenomenon of large numbers of people apparently working but adding little to aggregate output , perhaps even detracting from it . The Jamaican Nobel laureate , Arthur Lewis , described economic development essentially as this disguisedly unemployed rural labour turning into productive employment in manufacturing or capitalist agriculture - a definition accepted by generations of development economists . The NREGA seeks to reverse the Lewis process .
Inflation has eased in recent months . Does this signal the exhaustion of the inflation potential of the NREGA and the FSA ? Not at all . Unlike the UPA 's inflation , which was almost entirely 'made in India ' , the slowdown in inflation under Narendra Modi is an external effect : it reflects the world-wide collapse of oil and agricultural prices , the consequent recovery of the rupee and the resulting fall in import prices .
Our argument assumes that there are no leakages from the NREGA and its corollary , the FSA , and that neither adds a paisa to the fiscal deficit . These issues could easily be enmeshed in a web of 'lies , damned lies and statistics ' . But the constraint on output due to a disincentive to effective work or to optimal use of land and the resulting continuous injection of inflation into the economy are indisputable .
Both schemes , of course , are electorally well-entrenched . The poor voter believes that they add to his welfare : their inevitably inflationary outcome is too remote to concern him , especially since it has eluded most economists . In the NREGA and the FSA , the UPA has erected two barriers to development under any subsequent regime . A government that repeals them will pay a heavy short-run price . But if it persists with them , it will generate long-run inflation . The UPA 's experience is illustrative . The promise of the NREGA won the UPA the 2004 elections . The short-run benefits from its early days accounted for the 2009 result . But by 2014 , the chickens had come home to roost . The 2014 election was a referendum on the long-run consequences of the NREGA ( not , as the Aam Aadmi Party and the UPA learnt to their cost , on corruption or communalism ) - and the electorate 's verdict could not have been more devastating . If Modi does not phase out NREGA ( and the FSA ) , he may avoid some short-run electoral reverses ; but he will run the risk of repeating the UPA 's dramatic reversal of fortune in the 2019 general election .
The author is Professor Emeritus , JNU
Faithful SB Nation Houston readers , I was not surprised that the Houston Texans selected Wisconsin Badger defensive end J.J. Watt last night in the first round of the 2011 NFL Draft . In my last mock draft , I thought the Texans would grab a defensive end . I just had chosen Cal 's Cameron Jordan over Watt after struggling between the two . I 'll get into what I think Houston 's getting in Watt . First , I want to address why Houston 's braintrust passed on other players .
The rumors were , indeed , right . Rick Smith and Wade Phillips had their eyes set on Missouri 's Aldon Smith . `` I was n't surprised he [ Smith ] went to them , '' defensive coordinator Wade Phillips said . `` We liked him all along . I think he 's a good player . I think that 's a good pick for them . '' I 'm not too broken up over the loss of Smith and think he 's a better fit for San Francisco . Still , the Texans passed on Robert Quinn , Prince Amukamara , and Nick Fairley which initially angered some fans ( still does probably ) .
Fairley was , in my estimations , never considered . Coming off his lone good college season , Fairley was a great 3-technique – the undertackle position that Amobi Okoye played last year . The same Okoye many have speculated is on his way out because he does n't fit the new defensive scheme Phillips will install here . Aside from not fitting the defensive scheme , Fairley 's attitude and work ethic ( often compared to Albert Haynesworth ) made teams shy away from the guy who was in debate for the first overall pick . Detroit thinks they have a locker room that can keep the kid in line and , more importantly , Fairley fits their defense .
I had said Quinn would be passed on if the Texans had a chance at him , and I turned out to be right . My feeble attempts to grab credibility aside , I never saw Robert Quinn as a 3-4 outside linebacker . I do n't think he would 've been as effective standing up than with his hand on the ground as that smaller , quicker defensive end that could cause some havoc . Not only that , Quinn had struggles in contributing to any run defense . Philips likes his players to be versatile and contribute to both the run and pass . Finally , as was said during the ESPN broadcast , Quinn did n't clear some teams ' medical tests and was n't even on some draft boards due to his benign brain tumor . Seeing San Francisco and Washington pass on Quinn for other hybrids should send a loud message that it was more than just Houston who did n't like what they saw in Mr. Quinn ( who , despite all my hating in the pre-draft season , should make a fine pass rusher for the 4-3 defense in St. Louis ) .
As for Amukamara , I guess the Texans were really gun shy about another first round cornerback . Let 's see if they draft a mid-round guy , as all signs pointed to by their visits , and pick up a top-flight free agent cornerback .
Now onto Watt – the All-Big Ten , All-American , Wisconsin MVP defensive end . I 'll state upfront , the redshirt junior will make an impact . As a two-year starter , J.J. Watt has shown the ability to disrupt plays in the backfield with 14 quarterback hurries , 36 tackles for a loss , and 11.5 sacks . He 's also long enough to have broken up 12 passes , intercepted another pass , and blocked four kicks . At 6 ' 5 '' and 290 pounds , you have someone strong enough to hold the point of attack ( he had 35 reps at the Combine ) and fast enough to get after the passer ( his Combine times in the 40-yard dash , 20-yard shuffle , and three-cone drill were all comparable to teammate Mario Williams ) . Fans should n't let the description of a high-motor guy deceive them . Watt has the physical capabilities to be a dominant 3-4 defensive end , as he was often described during this entire pre-draft process when he was mocked as high as 7 and as low as 18 .
Is it a safe pick ? Yeah , absolutely it is . Watt brings no character risk , no injury history , and has demonstrated his talent on the field of play . The newest Texan has also improved every year - from his time at community college through both seasons at Wisconsin . It 's what fans should want as a first round pick especially since fans are clamoring for results on the field .
Per Wade 's comments , he envisions Watt playing end ( the five-technique ) on the first two downs before sliding into tackle on third down passing situations alongside Antonio Smith while being sandwiched between Williams and Connor Barwin . Just the thought of that defensive line , with its mix of speed and power , is enticing . As with all Texan first rounders , J.J. Watt is going to get his chance to make an impact early and often .
I know fans will eventually come around on Watt . He will make plays on the field , put in the effort on the field and in practice , and likely do good things for the community . Above all else , he 's not afraid to shy away from any expectations and set a high bar for himself . As J.J. said last night , `` I 'm going to put a ton of time in the film room , the weight room and on the field . Like I said , I 'm going to give you everything I have on every single play , and at the end of the day , we 're going to win football games because of it . ''
Whenever a new standard is introduced , a certain amount of resistance is to be expected . After all , who wants to find out that the bike that they purchased last week already has technology on it that 's no longer the latest and greatest ? Look back in the archives to 2008 when the 15x100 thru axle was introduced , or 2011 when 12x142 came about and you 'll see the same arguments against change as there are today . At the same time , if the industry did n't move forward ( granted , it does sometimes go sideways , and even backwards ) , we 'd still be riding with cantilever brakes and toe clips . Wider tires and stiffer wheels combined with the frame design potential that Boost allows certainly sound like good things , but plenty of questions still remain , and until we have actual trail time on these new products the jury is still out , although by all indications Boost is here to stay ... at least until the next new standard pops up a few years down the line . - Mike Kazimer
ABSTRACT
Age-related memory impairments show a progressive decline across lifespan . Studies have demonstrated equivocal results in biological and behavioral outcomes of aging . Thus , in the present study we examined the novel object recognition task at a delay period that has been shown to be impaired in aged rats of two different strains . Moreover , we used a strain of rats , Fisher 344XBrown Norway , which have published age-related biological changes in the brain . Young ( 10 month old ) and aged ( 28 month old ) rats were tested on a standard novel object recognition task with a 50-minute delay period . The data showed that young and aged rats in the strain we used performed equally well on the novel object recognition task and that both young and old rats demonstrated a righthanded side preference for the novel object . Our data suggested that novel object recognition is not impaired in aged rats although both young and old rats have a demonstrated side preference . Thus , it may be that genetic differences across strains contribute to the equivocal results in behavior , and genetic variance likely influences the course of cognitive aging .
TouchArcade Rating :
Playdek has built a good reputation converting trading card games to iOS , and their recent foray into board games , Agricola ( $ 1.99 ) , showed they know their way around that type of conversion just as well . Their latest release , Lords of Waterdeep ( $ 6.99 ) , is unsurprisingly another thoughtful adaptation , this time of Wizards of the Coast 's 2012 hit Forgotten Realms board game . Like other mobile adaptations of board and card games , the advantages are clear . It 's a lot cheaper , it 's easier to play with friends , you can play solo against or fill out your multiplayer games with AI opponents , you do n't have to set up or clean up , and cheating is considerably harder . If you happen to be a fan of the actual board game , I 'll save you a few minutes of reading : this is a faithful version of the core game , so if that 's what you were looking for , feel free to buy without remorse .
For the many who have n't played the original board game , Lords of Waterdeep puts you and your friends in the roles of the Masked Lords , who anonymously rule the thriving port city of Waterdeep . I like how the shadowy identities of the characters were worked into the game , in that you can not see which Lords the other players are using until the game is finished . The goal of the game is to score the most victory points , which are earned in a variety of ways , but primarily through completing quests . To complete quests , you need to have the right amount and type of adventurers , and sometimes , a little gold to finish the deal . All of these things are gathered by placing your agents in various locations in the city of Waterdeep .
Each game takes place over eight rounds , with each round broken into four turns . Very simply , the game plays out with everyone taking turns placing an agent on a location and reaping the rewards of that spot . Each spot can only be occupied by one agent per round , so it can be a bit of a mad dash to get the resources you 're looking for . If you manage to collect the needed resources after placing your agent , you can turn in the quest and collect your reward before ending your turn . Some of the locations are very straightforward , giving you one or two of the needed adventurers or some gold directly . Aside from those , you 'll also find locations that issue you new quests , allow you to buy a building or piece of land , give you the first turn next time , or have you draw or let you play an Intrigue card .
Intrigue cards have a variety of effects , some of which can benefit your enemies while giving you a greater reward . Used at the right time , these cards can turn a game on its head , or at least close the gap between players significantly . This theme of beneficial effects also benefiting your opponents to a lesser degree can be found throughout the game 's design , an excellent nod to the gnarled mess that politics can become . For example , when you buy a building , you 're potentially giving opponents access to far greater resources than the default locations provide , but you 'll earn a little profit each time they use it . Will that balance out well for you in the end ? Sometimes it will , sometimes it wo n't .
In addition to the victory points directly earned from completing quests , you 'll also earn a bonus at the end of the game based on how many resources you have left , and , importantly , the type of quests you completed . Each Lord has two quest affiliations , and if you complete quests of that type , you 'll earn a bonus . Here , too , we can see the balance of helping yourself and hurting your foe . At any given moment , four quests are up for grabs at the Inn . Obviously , you 'll want to complete quests that will give you a bonus , but if you can suss out which character the other players are using , you can also work to keep beneficial quests out of their hands . That strategy can also be used against you , so you might want to be careful about constantly grabbing only the quests that match your affiliation . Of course , none of this matters with the AI , but playing with other humans reveals a fun little psychological aspect to Lords of Waterdeep .
Speaking of the AI , it 's merciless , even at the lowest difficulty . It 's kind of funny because the game has a great tutorial that will carefully teach you the mechanics of the game , then after a certain point allows you to finish off the game it was using to instruct you . You 'll have a big advantage at this point , yet I imagine a lot of players will still end up losing that match . I would say that it 's probably a bit too hard , but at the very least , you 're going to end up a pretty good player if you practice enough against the AI . At least the nature of the game means you are n't going to end up horribly far behind even if you lose , so you can salvage a little pride .
As you would expect , the star of the show is the multiplayer . As usual with Playdek , you can play via hotswap locally with your friends or you can play online . Online play is not handled through Game Center , but rather through a Playdek account , so you and your friends will need to sign up for one if you do n't have one already . Once everyone had themselves set up , we had no trouble getting a game going . If you do n't have enough friends with the game , you can also play with strangers , and at least while I 've been playing , there are no shortages of games to join . You can play in real-time or asynchronously , and as usual , you can have multiple games on the go if that 's how you roll .
Compared to some of the card games Playdek has handled , Lords of Waterdeep has a less busy play area , so it works out well even on the smaller screen of the iPhone . I had no trouble understanding where everything was and what everything did , which is sometimes an issue when you need to fit a kitchen table 's worth of play area on a screen only a handful of inches big . There are some small animated touches on the board , but nothing garish , and the music that plays in the background fits the theme well enough . The game is really good about highlighting elements to clarify whether they 're available or not , too . This is actually one of the cleaner conversions I 've seen from Playdek , though part of that is owed to the source .
I only have a few small complaints about the whole thing . The first is kind of a silly one , but there 's a really great expansion available for the Lords of Waterdeep board game , and it 's kind of hard to go back to the core set after playing that one . I 'm dead certain it will add as an IAP at some point , but I really wish I could buy it from the get-go . Next , although this is nothing new , and becomes less of a problem each time , I do wish Playdek would use Game Center for their online matches . It seems like I have to walk a whole new set of friends through signing up for a Playdek account every time a new game comes out . Finally , the AI really needs to be toned down at the lower levels , because as-is , I think the average player is going to find single-player frustrating .
These are just minor gripes , though , and they do very little to diminish the fine game in front of me . This is a well-designed board game that 's been converted with care , and so long as you 're not resting your hopes entirely on playing against the mean old AI , any fan of strategy or board games would do well to give Lords of Waterdeep a look . Make sure to say hello in the thread on our forums if you want some great people to play with .
Rob Brydon hosts this comedy panel show , with David Mitchell and Lee Mack as team captains . They are joined by guests Rebecca Front , Jack Whitehall , Nick Hewer and Miranda Hart .
Rob Brydon is back in the host 's chair for the fifth series of the hit comedy panel show Would I Lie To You ? And as ever , David Mitchell and Lee Mack are the lightning-quick team captains .
Over the course of each show , a stellar cast of celebrity guests reveal amazing stories about themselves , some of which are true , and some of which are not . The aim of the game is to fool the opposition into mistaking fact for fiction and fiction for fact .
This week , David Mitchell is joined by Rebecca Front and Jack Whitehall and Lee Mack is joined by Nick Hewer and Miranda Hart .
A Republican recount official involved in the Newport News race that was decided by one vote had second thoughts about a ballot that was n't counted . Republicans hope to force a tie in the race in a bid to maintain their majority in the House of Delegates .
WASHINGTON — A three-judge panel declared a tie in a Newport News House of Delegates race one day after the Democrat had declared victory .
The tie decision – 11,608 votes – would put the 94th District race in the hands of the State Board of Elections , who would draw lots to determine the winner .
The race could also decide the balance of power in the House .
Shelly Simonds ' apparent win Tuesday by a single vote would have given Democrats enough seats — 50 — to challenge Republicans for control of the chamber . After the Nov. 7 election results , Republicans appeared to maintain their majority 51-49 .
That all changed again Wednesday morning when the judges agreed to count a vote for Yancey from a ballot that recount officials decided not to count , neither for Simonds nor for incumbent Del . David Yancey .
The voter had filled in bubbles for both candidates but put a slash through Simonds ' name . Republicans argued that the voter had intended to pick Yancey because he or she had voted for the Republican candidates in other races on the ballot .
Lawyers for Yancey told the three-judge panel that a Republican-appointed recount official had second thoughts overnight about a ballot that was not counted Tuesday .
The recount was one of four that followed the November election . Two others were scheduled this week and a recount in Fairfax and Prince William counties confirmed the re-election of Del . Tim Hugo .
According to a statement from Republican House leaders , the State Board of Elections will set a public meeting to determine the winner .
That drawing — such as picking a name out of a hat — was not expected to happen Wednesday . No date has been set .
“ Once the ( recount ) court has issued a final order , we can better evaluate what next steps are necessary for the State Board of Elections or Department of Elections to take , ” said Edgardo Cortes , commissioner of the Department of Elections .
James Alcorn , elections board chair , tweeted that “ we should find a nice hat for the drawing . ”
A reporter from the Virginian-Pilot tweeted a photo of the ballot :
BREAKING : We obtained the actual ballot submitted to the court .
Dissect away.https : //t.co/cQneTM0tUk pic.twitter.com/Eeq4mEOtd9 — Jordan Pascale ( @ JWPascale ) December 20 , 2017
A Democratic wave in November flipped more than a dozen seats blue and severely eroded the power of Republicans , who have dominated the House for 20 years . A 50-50 tie in the House would force the two parties to broker a power-sharing deal – something that has n't happened since the late 1990s .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
One of the most impressive advances in the game industry over the past few years has been the tremendous expansion of independent ( “ indie ” ) game developers . This is a return to the roots of electronic gaming , when games we constructed in their entirety by a single person . It was n't until graphics became more detailed , and hardware became more complicated , that more than one person was needed to create games . This evolved into a world where the top , AAA games could have teams in the hundreds , with budgets surpassing $ 100 million .
Throughout this evolution , though , the desire to create games on a smaller , more personal level remained . Indie developers were scarce until Flash-based games were put on the Internet , and sites like Kongregate ( now owned by GameStop ) provided a way to bring lots of people to the games . Now , with far better tools for building games that are free to small developers ( like Unity and Unreal Engine ) , hundreds of university programs offering degrees in game design and creation , and mulitple fully developed digital distribution systems like Steam , the App Store , and Google Play , the number of indie developers has exploded . Now we have over 4 million Unity developers , to cite just one game creation engine . Every day , according to the company , over 600 million gamers play a game created with Unity .
Indie games have now become a common part of every major game platform . The vast majority of games you 'll find on mobile devices come from indie developers , for example . Sure , most of them do n't have much of an audience or create much revenue , but we still regularly see an indie game like Crossy Road become a huge hit . A number of indie developers are now creating successful games for the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4 and even the Wii U , as all the console manufacturers have realized that having more games ( and interesting variety of them ) is beneficial to the platform .
What benefits do indie games have for the industry One of the most important is providing a level of innovation that 's hard to find with major game publishers . As game budgets increase , there 's a very natural tendency to become more conservative in game design choices . Would you risk $ 50 million on a completely new game design that 's very different from anything else , or a sequel to a known hit with some minor changes and advances The choice is an easy one for large game publishers .
For indie game developers , though , the logic works the other way . Building a game that 's very much like an existing blockbuster game from a major publisher is a losing strategy the big publisher 's already got a huge audience and a vast marketing budget and a known brand . Why would more than a handful of contrarians try your little game They would n't , at least not in enough numbers to make you a living . So indies typically take more creative risks in an effort to stand out from the crowd and attract an audience . Yes , that usually fails , but occasionally it 's a moderate success and sometimes it 's a mega-hit .
Perhaps the best example of how indie games can affect the entire industry is the incredible success of Minecraft . This was a game created by a lone programmer , which gradually found an audience in its early days of alpha builds . The game spread virally and has become an enormous hit , with somewhere in the region of 50 million copies sold . Microsoft bought the company that created Minecraft for $ 2.5 billion , and most observers feel the company got a bargain . The game has , among other things , shown that a $ 6.99 mobile game can sell tens of millions of copies . Also , that clearly not every game needs terrific graphics to be an incredible success , and that user-generated content that 's readily shareable is a valuable marketing tool ( as the billions of Minecraft YouTube video views can attest ) .
Major publishers are supportive of indie developers , even in some cases allowing in-house projects to create “ indie ” games . Ubisoft did this with Child of Light , a critically acclaimed game that was built in-house . Both Microsoft and Sony have been increasing their support for indie developers , now regularly featuring those developers and their games on-stage at major press events . Apple has been bringing on indie developers during its last few major hardware introductions to show off the power of the new hardware .
In fact , the huge number of indie developers and indie games has sparked concerns that we me heading towards an “ indiepocalypse , ” where too many developers creating too many games may drive many of these small developers out of business . “ Everyone 's looking back at this golden age of indie games , when you released a game and it got coverage and you made a ton of money , ” said tinyBuild 's Alex Nichiporchik . “ Times change . Everyone 's making games now . All of the engines are competing on which one makes it easiest to make a game . It 's great for the industry and for creativity , but it does mean that unless you take that extra step or do something special it 's going to be really , really difficult for you . ”
Nichiporchik 's answer has been to develop games across a wide variety of platforms.In targeting multiple platforms , Nichiporchik says , tinyBuild has noticed a surprising amount of crossover between communities , with sales and activity on one platform generally leading to more sales and more activity on another . “ We released Divide By Sheep on Steam and on mobile , and there was a cumulative effect , ” he says . “ People playing it , streaming it and making user videos on Steam , and that translating directly into sales for mobile . ”
The IndieCade Festival 2015 is coming up in Los Angeles later this month it 's the biggest event dedicated to celebrating independent games , and this year it looks to be bigger than ever . Attendees will get the chance to play over 150 indie games , and check out the latest innovations in game design . It 's a perfect opportunity to gauge for yourself the impact that indie games continue to have on the game industry in general .
About AAA Magazine
Welcome to the AAA Network , home of Your AAA Magazine and your source for trusted travel , money and lifestyle advice , local events and more , brought to you by AAA Northeast .
For over 100 years , AAA has built its reputation on reliable roadside assistance , driver safety education and expert travel planning services . Of the nearly 60 million members served by AAA clubs nationwide , AAA Northeast is dedicated to more than 5 million members in Massachusetts , Rhode Island , New York , Connecticut , New Jersey and New Hampshire .
If you are already a member , you are most likely familiar with our monthly publication . Your AAA Magazine and our Daily page will be bringing you original content every day on the topics you trust us for most , including savings and insurance , cars and trucks , and all things travel .
In the garage or at the roadside , Your AAA Magazine has your back with car care tips and expert advice . The same goes for self-care , with wellness tips that will steer you towards your best life . Have auto or home insurance questions ? Our experienced agents share the answers . And wherever your next travel adventures may be , whether they are nearby Northeast day trips or weekend road trips , theme park vacations or European tours , our travel stories are sure to inform and inspire . From activity ideas , to AAA Diamond Rated places to stay and eat , you 're already well on your way to the best trip ever .
Your AAA Magazine is your gateway to learning more about AAA member benefits and services , including AAA discounts . It was created with you in mind . So browse by topic , search to your heart 's desire or dive into the archives . You can even find out what 's happening closest to you in the “ Your Northeast ” section of the daily page , which organizes stories by state .
Here you can also sign up for email newsletters , gain access to exclusive free guides and check out the monthly events calendar for things to do in your area . Like the name says , Your AAA Magazine is YOURS . It 's yours to use , interact with and to get in touch with the Northeast community . Enjoy !
The Han Clothing Movement , a youth-based grassroot nationalist movement built around China 's majority Han ethnic group , has emerged over the past 15 years in urban China . It imagines the numerically and culturally dominant Han—nearly 92 % of China 's population—as the target of oppression by both China 's minorities and “ the West , ” in need of revitalization to save China . Hoping to make the Han great again , movement participants promote the public wearing of an ethnic outfit that purports to revive a clothing style that is millennia old .
According to enthusiasts of the Han Clothing Movement , the dilemma of today 's China was on full display in the fall of 2001 , when leaders from across the Asia-Pacific Region gathered in Shanghai for an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) Ministerial Meeting . Just a month after the attacks of September 11 , this event 's theme was , appropriately , “ meeting new challenges in the new century. ” Unbeknownst to organizers and participants , however , one photo opportunity at this meeting was soon to produce a movement that would meet the new challenges of this new century by seeking answers from past centuries .
At each APEC meeting throughout the years , attendees have been given “ local dress ” from the host region , in a well-documented and cringe-worthy tradition that begin in 1993 when Bill Clinton handed out “ bomber jackets ” during a summit in Seattle . Accordingly , at the 2001 meeting , leaders gathered for a photo opportunity in a traditional-looking outfit referred to as “ the outfit of the Tang ” ( tangzhuang ) . Curious photos of the leaders collectively smiling in their newly acquired outfits , and of George W. Bush , Jiang Zemin , and Vladimir Putin chatting earnestly in the “ outfit of the Tang , ” quickly spread across official media , the Sinophone Internet , and around the world as representations of China and Chinese tradition .
Reuters From left , Russian president Vladimir Putin , US president George W. Bush , and Chinese president Jiang Zemin at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Shanghai in October 2001 .
One problem , however , emerged within this representation : the outfit of the Tang was not in fact a product of the august Tang Dynasty ( 618–907 CE ) . Despite the seeming precision of this name , the “ outfit of the Tang ” is in fact a vague term used to refer to a variety of Chinese-style clothing , a concept first constructed by Chinese overseas during the late Qing Dynasty in relation to “ Western clothing ” ( xizhuang ) . The outfit on display at APEC was in fact known as the magua , an originally Manchu style of clothing that spread throughout broader Chinese society during the Manchu-dominated Qing Dynasty ( 1644–1911 CE ) . Ninety years after the fall of the Qing , Chineseness was thus being represented on a global stage through what could be viewed , in a nationalist and essentialist lens , as the clothing of a peripheral or “ barbarian ” people at best , or even for some , the imposition of an external conquering power .
Manfu , or Manchu clothing , thus provided a spark , to borrow Maoist terminology , which started a Han prairie fire . The answer to Manfu was found in Hanfu , or Han Clothing . According to movement histories , a now untraceable post was distributed on a number of Chinese web forums criticizing the APEC photo-op . This post reportedly declared that the most outrageous aspect of this sartorial slight was the simple fact that there was a far more suitable choice for representing China : a traditional style of clothing , purportedly first created at the time of the mythical figure the Yellow Emperor and worn for millennia by the Han , the core of Chinese civilization .
This clothing , portrayed in sketches attached to the post , was characterized by broad sleeves and flowing robes decorated with brilliant colors and elaborate designs , and was known simply as “ Han Clothing , ” or the traditional clothing of the Han . There is in fact no clear history indicating that there was any such apparel in existence under the name Han Clothing , but as an imaginary tradition envisioned as having been present at and thus providing links to the many celebrated moments in Chinese history , Han Clothing thus becomes a tradition inextricably intertwined with greatness .
Courtesy Kevin Carrico The author conducts fieldwork among participants in the Han Clothing Movement .
The suggestion that the Han , China 's previously unmarked majority , also had “ traditional clothing ” created a sensation online . Soon online discussion boards appeared focused on this new yet ancient idea . The best known of these forums in which interested parties gathered is Hanwang , or the Han Network , located at the easy-to-remember address www.hanminzu.com : hanminzu here refers to Han minzu , the pinyin for “ Han nationality ” or “ Han race. ” For full dramatic effect , the site renders the date in years since the birth of the mythical Yellow Emperor , representing 2017 as the 4,728th year of the Yellow Emperor .
Such online forums , as virtual gathering points for like-minded individuals , gradually became the platform for Han Clothing 's transition from virtual sketches to material reality , as well as for the movement 's attempted social reconstruction of reality toward its imagining of the real China . Some enthusiasts began using these sites to exchange ideas on how to make one 's own Han Clothing , and to share personal photos of actual pieces of Han Clothing sewn in accordance with online sketches , externalizing what had previously only been an illustrated mode of fantasy .
Then , these forums were also the sites on which enthusiasts first posted photos of themselves wearing Han Clothing in public spaces . The most famous of such initial attempts was by Wang Letian of the city of Zhengzhou in Henan Province , who posted photographs of his 2003 journey under the pseudonym “ Zhuangzhi Lingyun ” : this name is not only a Chinese idiom meaning “ great aspirations , ” but also interestingly the Chinese title for Tom Cruise 's 1986 blockbuster film Top Gun . Like the sketches described above , Wang 's “ maverick ” photographs had an awakening effect upon viewers : the images were distributed widely on Han Clothing websites , and his actions were imitated in the weeks that followed in numerous Chinese cities . In this movement from ideas to materials to images to the self , what we now know as the Han Clothing Movement was established .
The Chinese name for the Han Clothing Movement , Hanfu yundong , highlights the two main elements of this sociocultural phenomenon . On the one hand , as suggested by the term Hanfu ( Han Clothing ) , the movement is dedicated to a rewriting of Chinese history around the central figure of the Han and a reinvention of Han traditions in the present . On the other hand , as indicated by the term yundong ( movement ) , this social group is a movement in the Maoist sense insofar as it is dedicated to reshaping the world in its particular aesthetic image .
Local Han Clothing associations , rather than surrounding the cities from the countryside as Mao once envisioned , instead wage a guerilla warfare of imaginaries from within the enemy 's territory , surrounding disillusioning urban reality with transcendent fantasy .
This piece was adapted from Kevin Carrico 's book The Great Han : Race , Nationalism , and Tradition in China Today , published this month from University of California Press .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption History will have its own take on President Trump 's immigration order
It 's only one week into Donald Trump 's presidency , and he already has his first `` heckuva job '' moment .
For those who do n't remember , in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , President George W Bush publicly praised his emergency management head , Michael Brown , for doing a `` heckuva job '' with recovery efforts .
That comment was hung around the president 's neck like an anvil , as flood waters swamped parts of New Orleans and the city descended into chaos . It started a public approval downward spiral that led to sweeping Democratic victories in the 2006 mid-term elections .
History will judge the long-term impact of Mr Trump 's Friday afternoon immigration order , but his early praise for its implementation will not easily be forgotten .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Protesters shouted `` let them in '' at demonstrations in JFK Airport in New York
`` It 's working out very nicely , '' Mr Trump said in a brief response to a question on Saturday afternoon . `` You see it in the airports , you see it all over . It 's working out very nicely , and we are going to have a very , very strict ban , and we are going to have extreme vetting , which we should have had in this country for many years . ''
On the ground at major US airports , things were n't going quite so nicely , however . Immigration officials were having a difficult time implementing Mr Trump 's order after receiving conflicting instructions on who to bar from entry into the US - and what to do with them once they were held . And as the day progressed , and word spread of the detentions , crowds of protesters at international terminals grew from dozens to hundreds to thousands .
While on the campaign trail , it was easy for Mr Trump to roundly decry the US immigration system as broken and make a general call for bans and moratoriums . As president , however , his team has had to fill in the details - and it seems they faced some difficulty translating his pre-election rhetoric into policy .
Mr Trump 's Friday afternoon executive order reportedly was crafted without consulting legal aides and enacted over the objection of homeland security officials , who balked at including permanent US residents in the ban .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Trump : `` It 's not a Muslim ban , but we 're totally prepared ''
This made for an awkward scene Saturday night at a New York courthouse , where government attorneys had to defend measures that were creating chaos at airports across the nation .
`` I think the government has n't had a full chance to think about this , '' said federal judge Ann Donnelly , as she ruled that individuals with valid paperwork on US soil could n't be deported .
Her temporary ruling - and those like it in other courts - are only the opening salvo in what will likely be a protracted legal battle . Trump administration lawyers will surely be better prepared in future hearings . The orders could be re-instated following full trials on the merits , and no judge has yet to rule on the fate of individuals who hold valid US visas and are still on foreign soil .
In the meantime , however , this has proven to be an embarrassing episode in what looks like a not-ready-for-primetime White House .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption At a New York courthouse , a judge issued a stay blocking the deportation of travellers who arrive in the US with valid visas
A handful of Republicans in Congress have come out with varying levels of objection to the programme , and although the Republican leadership is playing along for the moment , that could change quickly if the political heat increases . The president may have broad powers in setting immigration policy , but Congress can pass legislation that overrules him at any time .
Meanwhile , Democrats are scrambling to take advantage of the political opportunity .
`` History will judge where America 's leaders stood today , '' Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois said . It was a warning some of his party 's 2020 presidential contenders seemed to take to heart .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Senator Elizabeth Warren greets demonstrators protesting against the executive order at Boston 's Logan Airport
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo ordered airport trains to resume service to JFK Airport , after transit officials had suspended service to prevent protesters from continuing to flood in . Senator Elizabeth Warren spoke to crowds at Boston 's Logan Airport , as did Senator Cory Booker at Dulles near Washington , DC .
All three are considered near the top of the Democratic presidential field .
2020 is a long way off , of course . Of more pressing concern is where the Trump administration goes from here .
On Sunday morning , press secretary Sean Spicer , chief of staff Reince Priebus and top aide Kellyanne Conway took to the airwaves to defend the White House policy and explain its implementation .
Mr Trump himself fired back on Twitter - although only after first taking a swipe at the `` failing '' New York Times for the second day in a row .
`` Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting , NOW , '' he tweeted . `` Look what is happening all over Europe and , indeed , the world - a horrible mess ! ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption `` I feel he has a reason for doing what he 's doing '' said one Staten Island resident
While championing US security is usually a winning issue , protracted detention of children and the elderly at airport checkpoints is `` bad optics '' , as they say . Watching a five-year-old re-united with his mother and 70-year-olds facing indefinite detention puts a human face on Mr Trump 's immigration programme - and the results are n't flattering for the White House .
During the presidential primary , a majority of Republican voters backed Mr Trump 's calls for a sweeping ban on Muslims entering the US , so the president 's core support may hold firm after this weekend 's events . The views in the American heartland , far removed from major international airports , sometimes differ greatly from the liberal bastions on the coast .
At best , however , this is an unnecessary distraction for the White House , calling its organisational ability into question . At worst - if the majority of the nation turns on the president - Mr Trump may find his power and influence starting to ebb before his administration even gets fully under way .
The number of daily trips Greyhound makes between Winnipeg and Brandon will be cut in half starting this Sunday .
Up until now , the bus line had been making two trips from Winnipeg to Brandon every day and two trips the other way . As of Sept. 20 , that will be reduced to one trip each way .
Students at Brandon University are upset over the cuts . Aaron Thompson is head of Brandon University Students ' Union .
`` I am getting an earfull , '' he said . `` We use that service to get people obviously home to see their families that come from Winnipeg . As well , international students use that service in order to fly out to the international airport there . Increasing the cost by having to take a plane or a shuttle instead is very difficult for students that have such a crunch financially already . ''
Greyhound said it had little choice .
`` Year over year , we have seen a decrease in ridership after the long weekend . A significant decrease . This is the first time we are implementing a service reduction , '' said Greyhound spokesperson Lanesha Gipson , adding the cuts are a result of fewer people riding the bus on these routes after Labour Day .
Gipson said she does n't have specific numbers on how much ridership has dropped . She says the decision will be re-evaluated in the spring of 2016 .
`` This makes the most sense for us to do at this time , '' she said . The company is not struggling financially , she added .
Schedule 5407 will continue to leave Winnipeg for Brandon daily at 2:10 a.m .
Schedule 5150 will leave Brandon daily at 5:45 p.m. for Winnipeg .
Thompson said the first big hit for students will be at Thanksgiving when they are trying to make it home to be with family . He plans to contact Greyhound to make an appeal . But he 's afraid it 's already a done deal .
Gipson said routes are also being cut in Ontario between Winnipeg and Sudbury . Instead of four trips a day , that will also be reduced to one trip each way .
Anyone who has purchased tickets that were dated for trips past Sept. 20th can get a refund or have their ticket re-issued for another schedule .
by Paul Armentano , NORML Deputy Director
[ Editor 's note : This post is excerpted from this week 's forthcoming NORML weekly media advisory . To have NORML 's news alerts and legislative advisories delivered straight to your in-box , sign up here . ]
The use of cannabis and cannabinoids appears to mitigate symptoms associated with post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , according to a new review of clinical and preclinical evidence published online in the scientific journal Drug Testing and Analysis .
An international team of investigators from Germany , the United States , and the United Kingdom reported that the use of cannabis to “ dramatically reduced ” PTSD symptoms in a single 19-year-old male patient .
Authors reported : “ In the case report presented in this review , the patient displayed a grave pathology involving anxiety , dissociation and heavy flashbacks as a consequence of PTSD . … The patient stated that he found cannabis more useful than lorazepam . … It is evident from the case history that the patient experienced reduced stress , less involvement with flashbacks and a significant decrease of anxiety . ”
Authors further cited “ accumulating clinical and preclinical evidence that cannabinoids may mitigate some major symptoms associated with PTSD . ”
They concluded : “ Cannabis may dampen the strength or emotional impact of traumatic memories through synergistic mechanisms that might make it easier for people with PTSD to rest or sleep and to feel less anxious and less involved with flashback memories . … Evidence is increasingly accumulating that cannabinoids might play a role in fear extinction and anti-depressive effects . It is concluded that further studies are warranted in order to evaluate the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids in PTSD . ”
Last year , administrators at the United States Department of Health and Human Services , National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) blocked investigators at the University of Arizona at Phoenix from conducting an FDA-approved , placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate the use of cannabis in 50 patients with PTSD .
Under federal law , any clinical trial evaluations involving cannabis must receive NIDA approval because the agency is the only source of legal cannabis for FDA-approved research purposes . In 2010 , a spokesperson for the agency told The New York Times : “ [ O ] ur focus is primarily on the negative consequences of marijuana use . We generally do not fund research focused on the potential beneficial medical effects of marijuana . ”
Iran has announced that it will be holding a cartoon contest aimed at creating caricatures denying the Holocaust . This year , the contest 's grand prize has been increased from $ 12,000 to $ 50,000 .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The contest , organized by the Teheran municipal authority , is calling for cartoonists worldwide to send in works denying and satirizing the Holocaust . Unlike previous contests of this kind , this one is especially significant due the fact that it is organized by official authorities of the Iranian capital , and has an international emphasis . The prize money is also several times what it was before .
The winner of an equivalent contest in 2006 .
Israel 's UN Ambassador Danny Danon contacted UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , demanding an official condemnation of the contest . Danon wrote that holding the event is an anti-Semitic act that expresses true evil , and that Holocaust denial is the strongest expression of anti-Semitism , which gives legitimacy to the murder of six million Jews .
Rafael Nadal became the latest player to comment on the scheduling of courts at Wimbledon as the Spaniard noted that “ almost always the same players ” are playing on Centre Court at the England Club .
Nadal lost in the fourth round to Gilles Muller in five sets on Court No . 1 on Monday and later stated he would love to come back to the tournament next year for another attempt to capture a third Wimbledon crown , but not without mentioning he was keen to play on Centre Court .
“ I never said I 'm not going to come back . Yeah , I want to come back because I want to play more times in the Centre Court , ” said the Mallorcan 15-time Grand Slam champion .
Nadal played two of his four rounds this past week on Centre Court , and two on Court No . 1 .
Two-time champion and home favourite Andy Murray has played all four of his rounds on Centre , so has seven-time winner Roger Federer , while three-time champion Novak Djokovic twice on Court No . 1 and twice on Centre ( his fourth round was scheduled on Court No . 1 but was postponed to Tuesday and will be played on Centre Court ) .
Nadal added in the Spanish part of his press conference : “ I like playing more on Centre Court . Someone has to play on Centre , and it 's almost always the same players here . This is the reality . Here , there are many of us who have won a lot in our careers , who have a lot of important history behind us .
“ A tournament that wants to be as traditional and as special as Wimbledon has to distribute the number of matches scheduled on Centre Court and that not always the same people play there , and when there are doubts , the others are sent to other courts . ”
With all 16 fourth round matches from the men 's and women 's draws scheduled on ‘ Manic Monday ' , scheduling was naturally a tricky task for Wimbledon .
But throughout the tournament , not just on Monday , men were given twice as many matches on Centre Court than the women , which led Angelique Kerber and Jelena Ostapenko to voice their concerns over the issue .
Defending champion Andy Murray admits the scheduling is n't fair for the ladies and that having four matches on Centre Court instead of three could solve the problem .
“ I do n't think anyone 's suggesting it is fair . I 'm not suggesting that it is , ” said Murray on Monday after his straight-sets win over Benoit Paire on Centre Court .
“ I do also think that is the case – I could be wrong – at the Aussie Open . I think on the centre court it 's three women 's matches and two men 's matches every day . Is that right ? I think so , just because of timing , as well .
“ It would be much better if there were four matches . You know , you have the two men 's and the two women 's , obviously .
“ But I 'm not the one that decides the schedule . When you start at 1:00 , and you ca n't play under the lights , you have a very limited amount of time . Like the other day when I played Fognini ( in the third round ) , we had hardly any light left . The matches were not particularly long that day , and we almost ran out of time , you know .
“ So maybe starting the matches a little bit sooner , a little bit earlier in the day , and splitting them between the men and women . It 's not the hardest thing to do . ”
Kentaro Yabuki incident a guest Sep 1st , 2012 15,028 Never a guest15,028Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.02 KB Gather round children . I will tell you the tale of Kentaro Yabuki , who was most heinously NTR 'd by his whore of a wife . There is this person called Nakamura Ine who is quite famous on the Nico Nico website ( a large Japanese online community somewhat like Youtube ) , who turned out to be a minor ( last year in high school ) and also insinuated that he has something going on with a Kashiwagi Shiho . - Now this Shiho was the wife of Yabuki Kentaro , the author of To-Love-Ru . She met Yabuki when he was looking for assistants , seduced him and ended up becoming his wife and gave birth to a daughter . - But she hardly did any housework , neglected her daughter , and spent most of her days in front of a computer spending time in Nico Nico etc . - January 2009 , when Yabuki was sick with flu and bedridden , she kidnapped her own daughter and disappeared , and it turned out that she left her daughter at her parents ' place while she was doing this and that with Ine . in a nutshell : Essentially , he had to end the manga to prevent his ex-wife from making a third custody and money grab for his daughter , after she illegally wiped his bank accounts out , stole the laptop he used to create the manga , and blackmailed him for custody of his own daughter after kidnapping her . Even now she is claiming rights to the Haruna character and all profit made from the anime , manga , and merchandise . Not to mention she cheated on him on multiple occasions and using yabuki 's credit card etc for her expense , leaving their daughters in the house while going out with her `` boyfriend '' , and later after she was discovered cheating by yabuki , she demands those absurd claims crazy i know - February 2009 , Yabuki 'begged ' Shiho to return for the sake of their daughter , and Shiho did return to Tokyo , but few days later she dropped out once again with the girl , this time taking a notebook computer and Yabuki 's credit cards . Yabuki later stopped the cards , but a large sum of money was already taken out . - Yabuki looked for them everywhere , but to no avail . March 2009 , Shiho demanded a divorce on the grounds of personality clash and a large chunk of Yabuki 's assets , but when the evidence of her infidelity was discovered on her computer , she then changed her stance and demanded money in exchange for the custody right of the daughter . - Realizing it would take over a year to settle things , Yabuki accepted her conditions and got the daughter back . - Haruna Sairenji was based on Kashiwagi Shiho , and there is a reason why her role was reduced dramatically since volume 13 , and Yui getting more prominent . And apparently Shiho has sued/demanded more money for the character of Haruna recently . - A comment of Yabuki 's while this was all happening : [ While I was working hard on a manga that was focused on taking young girls ' panties off , another man was taking my wife 's panties off . ] - Following the dispute over Haruna 's character right , Yabuki feared his daughter getting hurt by all the debacle , so he accepted Shiho 's demand yet again and ended the series prematurely .
RAW Paste Data
Gather round children . I will tell you the tale of Kentaro Yabuki , who was most heinously NTR 'd by his whore of a wife . There is this person called Nakamura Ine who is quite famous on the Nico Nico website ( a large Japanese online community somewhat like Youtube ) , who turned out to be a minor ( last year in high school ) and also insinuated that he has something going on with a Kashiwagi Shiho . - Now this Shiho was the wife of Yabuki Kentaro , the author of To-Love-Ru . She met Yabuki when he was looking for assistants , seduced him and ended up becoming his wife and gave birth to a daughter . - But she hardly did any housework , neglected her daughter , and spent most of her days in front of a computer spending time in Nico Nico etc . - January 2009 , when Yabuki was sick with flu and bedridden , she kidnapped her own daughter and disappeared , and it turned out that she left her daughter at her parents ' place while she was doing this and that with Ine . in a nutshell : Essentially , he had to end the manga to prevent his ex-wife from making a third custody and money grab for his daughter , after she illegally wiped his bank accounts out , stole the laptop he used to create the manga , and blackmailed him for custody of his own daughter after kidnapping her . Even now she is claiming rights to the Haruna character and all profit made from the anime , manga , and merchandise . Not to mention she cheated on him on multiple occasions and using yabuki 's credit card etc for her expense , leaving their daughters in the house while going out with her `` boyfriend '' , and later after she was discovered cheating by yabuki , she demands those absurd claims crazy i know - February 2009 , Yabuki 'begged ' Shiho to return for the sake of their daughter , and Shiho did return to Tokyo , but few days later she dropped out once again with the girl , this time taking a notebook computer and Yabuki 's credit cards . Yabuki later stopped the cards , but a large sum of money was already taken out . - Yabuki looked for them everywhere , but to no avail . March 2009 , Shiho demanded a divorce on the grounds of personality clash and a large chunk of Yabuki 's assets , but when the evidence of her infidelity was discovered on her computer , she then changed her stance and demanded money in exchange for the custody right of the daughter . - Realizing it would take over a year to settle things , Yabuki accepted her conditions and got the daughter back . - Haruna Sairenji was based on Kashiwagi Shiho , and there is a reason why her role was reduced dramatically since volume 13 , and Yui getting more prominent . And apparently Shiho has sued/demanded more money for the character of Haruna recently . - A comment of Yabuki 's while this was all happening : [ While I was working hard on a manga that was focused on taking young girls ' panties off , another man was taking my wife 's panties off . ] - Following the dispute over Haruna 's character right , Yabuki feared his daughter getting hurt by all the debacle , so he accepted Shiho 's demand yet again and ended the series prematurely .
Right-wing commentator and Breitbart News senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos warned universities across the country Thursday that the president is `` watching . ''
`` American universities should be on notice , '' Yiannopoulos told Business Insider in a text message , one day after violent protests forced the cancelation of his planned appearance at the University of California , Berkeley .
`` The president is watching . The days you could silence conservative and libertarian voices on campus and still expect to collect their tax money are coming to an end . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
Yiannopoulos planned to appear at UC Berkeley Wednesday night , but violent protests broke out on the campus ahead of the event , and it was canceled .
The university said in a statement the violence was `` instigated by a group of about 150 masked agitators who came onto campus and interrupted an otherwise nonviolent protest . ''
President Trump on Thursday morning threatened to cut federal funding to the university .
`` If U.C . Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS ? '' the president tweeted .
Yiannopoulos called himself a `` catalyst for this change . ''
`` I am confident Trump and his team are watching closely and will act decisively , '' he told Business Insider .
Rep. Barbara Lee ( D-Calif. ) , a member of the Appropriations subcommittee on education , on Thursday released a statement calling the president 's apparent threat an `` abuse of power '' and vowing to continue to stand up to Trump 's `` overreach . ''
“ The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. ” ~Mahatma Gandhi
Up until my early twenties , I carried around a lot of anger toward someone in my life . I 'd been hurt by a person I trusted , and for a long time in my adolescence I wanted to hurt them back .
I lived in painful stories and in visions of what could have been if I had n't been wronged . I blamed someone else for the life I did n't have , and felt vindicated in the soul-sucking resentment I carried around from day to day .
I realize it makes less compelling writing to talk so generally , but these stories are n't only mine to tell . They involve someone I love and have since forgiven . So perhaps the kindest thing I can do both for them and me is not retold the story , but instead create a new one : a story about letting go .
It 's a hard thing to do—to completely let go of something painful and forgive the person who may or may not have realized what they did . At my angriest point , I was convinced the person who hurt me did it with full intention and cruelty . I felt not a shred of compassion ; just unadulterated pain and rage .
Then I realized , unless someone is a sociopath , they are rarely without feeling . And if they 've hurt another person , even if their ego prevents them from admitting it , odds are they feel remorse on some level .
No one is purely bad , and everyone carries their own pain which influences the decisions they make . This does n't condone their thoughtless , insensitive , or selfish decisions , but it makes them easier to understand .
After all , we 've all been thoughtless , insensitive , and selfish at times . Usually , we have good intentions .
And for the most part , we all do the best we can from day to day—even when we hurt someone ; even when we 're too stubborn , ashamed , or in denial to admit the hurt we 've caused .
So how do you forgive someone when every fiber of your being resists ? How do you look at them lovingly when you still have the memory of their unloving action ? How do let go of the way you wish things had worked out if only they made a different choice ?
I decided to consult the Tiny Buddha Facebook community to learn how they 've moved on from anger and resentment .
Readers offered nearly 150 ideas to help forgive someone when it 's hard . The ones that resonated with my most strongly were :
1 . I remember them as a child and it 's much easier ! –Joy Thompson
2 . I remind myself that I forgive not for them but for me and that it 's easier to forgive than to hang on to so much anger , hurt and betrayal . –Sarah Clark
3 . I just acknowledge that we are humans , so we are allowed to make mistakes . –Haydee Lizbeth Lopez Cruz
4 . Remind yourself that they are not separate from you ; they only appear that way . Then you will realize you are one , and it is yourself you are forgiving . –Justin Hayden
5 . Do not keep thinking of the past or the bad thing that happened ; when you let go of it , you get over the anger/bitterness that you felt and it clears the path of forgiveness ! The best thing is time ! –Ashna Singh
6 . Remember that we are all doing the best we can at the time . –Diane Paul
7 . Remind yourself of how much forgiveness would mean to you if it was your turn for a mistake ! – Carol Mcbride-Safford
8 . Wayne Dwyer describes how hate is love which has been turned around . Seeing the expression of what ca n't be forgiven as love makes it easier to forgive . We 're also all doing the best we can , according to our own evolutionary state , including those we find hard to forgive . –Lise Heeley
9 . Because it takes less energy to love and forgive than it does to stay angry and hold a grudge . It brings peace to your life . –Linda Adams
10 . I know that I need to forgive someone , not for their benefit , but for my own peace of mind . Do n't do it for them , do it for you ! –Cathryn Kent
11 . You remember why you love them . Love is about forgiveness.- Holly Chapman
12 . Forgiveness comes easier with the passing of time . I tend to find that , if I am wronged , I forgive the person before they forgive themselves , and when I am in need of forgiveness , it is I who feels the guilt for longer . –Mandy Richardson
13 . Stop thinking and just do it . Open your heart and forgive . –Lindsey Windrow
14 . Do n't force it . If I do n't feel forgiving , I can at least not act on my anger . Eventually forgiveness will come if you welcome it . –Julie Trottier
15 . Just learn to smile and let things go . –Sudharma Lama
16 . Give up on all hope of a better past . –Matt Child
17 . Every time you think of them send them love . After a while it gets easy . –Crystal Chang
18 . Meditate , meditate and meditate some more until it 's gone ! –Margot Knight-Guijt
19 . The harder it is to forgive someone else , the more I am responsible . When I understand and forgive myself , forgiving others is easy . –Pamela Picard
20 . Two different approaches . One involves restoring your boundaries and sense of protection first . The other involves focusing on what your body is feeling and stop dwelling on the offense . Both involve being present . –Chris Campa
21 . Forgiveness comes easy when you know that what people say or do is about them , it 's not about you . –Kim Kings
22 . Shift the focus , feel the pain and think of the thousands of others in the world who are also feeling the same pain , then send a loving-kindness message to everyone to be relieved of this suffering . -Nick Ong
23 . When it happens I often ask myself “ What strengths must I develop further from this ? ” Often the feeling of resentment just goes away , slowly but surely , because I was n't focusing on the person that wronged me , but the lesson that the event was trying to tell me . –Natassia Callista Alicia
24 . I allow myself to feel again whatever I did n't express “ in the moment ” when I was with them . Forgiveness always seem to follow those ( usually ) difficult emotions . –Cynthia Ruprecht Hunt
25 . Write a brutally honest , emotionally raw letter telling them how much they have hurt and angered you , then tear it up and burn it . As you watch the smoke rise , think about the fact that you are not that hurt and that anger . It is fleeting , just like everything else . As the smoke carrying your hurt and disappointment disappears into the air , you can let it go . –Renate Wuersig
26 . For some wrongs , I just have to remember that they are responsible for their actions and then it is easier for me to just let it be . –Karen Garland
27 . By remembering that it will free me from the burden of the stress I feel , also , if I ca n't forgive then how can I expect to ever be forgiven ? –Leslie Brown
28 . Just look to the future instead of focusing on what 's past…think of creating new good memories to wipe away old bad ones . –Elizabeth Lindsay
29 . It becomes easy when you remember a time when you were forgiven , centering on how it made you feel . –Louisya Graves
30 . Understand this : whether you like it or not , over time , you will stop feeling the pain , so why hold on to something that 's going to away anyway ? –Nirav KAKU
How did I forgive when it was hard ? I came to this realization : No one ever gets to the end of their life and thinks , “ I wish I stayed angry longer. ” They generally say one of three things : “ I 'm sorry , ” “ I forgive you , ” or “ I love you . ”
After taking space to heal myself , I decided to cut out the middle man of time . I now set boundaries to take better care of me , but I 'll never regret that I 've forgiven .
Photo by miss.libertine
About Lori Deschene is the founder of Tiny Buddha . She 's also the author of Tiny Buddha 's Gratitude Journal and other books and co-founder of Recreate Your Life Story , an online course that helps you let go of the past and live a life you love . An avid film lover , she recently finished writing her first feature screenplay and is in pre-production now .
With Aladdin set for a Broadway premiere this February and The Hunchback of Notre Dame long in the works , Disney is looking further ahead to another candidate to bring from the screen to the stage : Frozen .
Disney Theatrical Productions has confirmed to EW that Frozen is in early development for the stage . Disney CEO and chairman Bob Iger dropped the hint to Fortune that discussions have begun to develop the wintry 2013 musical—which is breaking box office records and inspiring all kinds of ebullient fan reactions—into a full-fledged theater production , though he did not specify whether the show would be built for Broadway or as one of the many theatrical attractions at Disney 's parks ( where things like Aladdin : A Musical Spectaular and Finding Nemo – The Musical have wound up ) .
“ We 're not demanding speed , ” Iger told Fortune in regards to a time frame for the show . “ We 're demanding excellence . ”
Among Frozen 's promising stage merits are a winning score by Book of Mormon and Avenue Q co-creator Robert Lopez , as well as a voice cast that includes bona fide Broadway singers Idina Menzel ( Wicked ) , Jonathan Groff ( Spring Awakening ) , Josh Gad ( The Book of Mormon ) and Santino Fontana ( Cinderella ) .
This news piggybacks off another recently rumored Frozen expansion , one that would reportedly involve the development of a theme park attraction at Disney 's EPCOT Center ( Disney has not confirmed these plans ) .
Consider supporting us on Patreon so we can continue providing quality tokusatsu news coverage .
A 4K UHD remaster of 1995 's Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers : The Movie was screened at Los Angeles ' TCL Chinese theater a couple of days before the release of Saban 's Power Rangers ( 2017 ) .
A new 4K DCP remaster of the 1995 Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers : The Movie has been created by 20th Century Fox , allowing for a potential Blu-Ray release . The DCP , or Digital Cinema Package , was debuted at a screening at Los Angeles ' TCL Chinese Theater . The screening included a Q & A with cast members David Yost ( Billy ) , Steve Cardenas ( Rocky ) , and Johnny Yong Bosch ( Adam ) , as well as the film 's 2nd unit director Jeff Pruitt .
According to the screening 's host Kory Davis , known as @ moviedude18 on Twitter , the UHD ( “ ultra high-definition ” ) version is a scan of the recently rediscovered original negative . The negative was reportedly found in Fox archives during the search for film prints of the movie to use for screenings of the film . Fox mandates the use of film prints or DCP files for screenings .
Prior to the screening , Jeff Pruitt narrated a collection of footage and images from the production of the 1995 film , including test footage of the rubber-armored Power Rangers attempting stunts against a group of rat-suited baddies – wearing scrapped suits ultimately repurposed for the Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers ' 2nd season episode “ Return of the Green Ranger , pts . 1-3 , ” filmed in Australia when the movie 's production went over-schedule .
“ We were n't supposed to be there six months , we were supposed to be there for three , ” noted David Yost in the post-screening Q & A , “ because we got so far behind in the film , we needed to deliver episodes of the TV show…I think there was a point where we worked 21 days straight without having a day off . ”
Pruitt also discussed the process of developing the “ Oozemen ” monsters that the Rangers battle in the first act of the film . The villains were designed with purpose-built , stunt-ready costumes in mind . The contrast of the Ooze monster suits with the heavy latex and rubber Ranger costumes built for the film was on display in the behind-the-scenes footage .
Steve Cardenas added his own perspective on the Ranger suits later as well , recalling that they were “ made of this kind of latex rubber suit and then they 'd adhered all of these rubber pieces on top of it . And each one of them were two or three pounds each…it was very heavy and difficult to move around in . ”
Yost went on to give “ props to the stunt crew , ” who wore the suits for the majority of the filming . The stunt team were featured in much of Pruitt 's behind-the-scenes footage , with the cast and crew taking time to shout out the in-attendance Sophia Crawford . Crawford was the stunt performer for the Pink Ranger scenes , and later notably worked with now-husband Pruitt on the Buffy : the Vampire Slayer series after leaving Power Rangers .
Also in attendance at the screening was Robin Shou . The trailer for his upcoming film , Earthbound , was shown in a block of trailers that also included the two Mortal Kombat films he starred in as lead character Liu Kang .
The pre-show conversation also included outtakes from the film 's skydiving opening scene , footage featuring the visors and mouthpieces removed from the Rangers ' helmets , and test shoots of the Tengu Warriors suits and flight rigs . The footage also included a rare look at the filming of training scenes with Mariska Hargitay as Dulcea – in place of Gabrielle Fitzpatrick – who temporarily left the filming due to a medical emergency . The training scenes included the Rangers learning specialized skills and tricks like flight and enhanced speed , but were ultimately cut from the film when Fitzpatrick returned to the film .
“ It was such a crazy whirlwind , Power Rangers , I think for all of us , ” recalled Yost , “ when we filmed the show and the whole first season before it started airing and we had nothing to gauge it on . So , once it aired , it went right to # 1 and Christmas came around and you [ referring to the audience of fans ] were brats to your parents saying ‘ I have to have this toy ! ' ”
Cardenas reminisced about learning of the feature 's production immediately after being cast in the television series : “ They told us , on the day we got hired , ‘ we 're gon na shoot for a month and a half , and then we 're shutting production down to go to Australia to do a movie . ' And me and Johnny and Karan were just like ‘ what ? ' We could n't believe how our lives changed in a matter of four days . ”
When asked how the cast and crew managed to complete the production of the series and film at the same time , Johnny Yong Bosch remarked , “ We did have cots of our color…near the Command Center . It was a lot of work , even when we first came , in the first couple weeks . [ Jeff Pruitt ] was showing us how to react . Even as a martial artist , doing fight choreography is totally different . It has to be big . It had to be wide . You have to be able to see it . It has to look pretty . ”
Pruitt remarked “ I got a phone call from Haim [ Saban , co-creator of the Power Rangers franchise ] , and he said ‘ I have these new kids and they are wonderful , but you must make them look good — at all costs ! ' ” He continued , “ [ The producers ] just threw these kids in there and said ‘ OK , you 're a TV star . Go ! ' ”
“ Pretty much right when I got to be a good actor , right when I felt like ‘ I know what I 'm doing , ' they fired us , ” joked Bosch .
When asked what surprises them about fan events , after 20-plus years of the Power Rangers franchise , Cardenas noted that he 's totally understanding of fandom . “ One of the things that got me into martial arts was watching The Karate Kid , and so the first time I went to a Comic-Con and Ralph Macchio was there , I went up to him and was like ‘ dude , you are the reason I got into martial arts , ” replied Cardenas , echoing back to similar comments he has heard from fans of the Power Rangers series over the years . “ So when people come up and say that to me , I get it . I can relate . ”
The cast were asked for their reactions to the ongoing legacy of the Power Rangers franchise , but Pruitt looked back to a time before the series even existed : “ Back when Koichi [ Sakamoto ] and I were roommates , way before Power Rangers started , we saw a black-and-white ad in Variety magazine and it was the Toei company trying to sell the rights to the Rangers and , at that time , they were trying to make a deal with Stan Lee – with Marvel – to do it , ” following up to explain that , “ [ Lee ] was n't able to make the deal and so Margaret Loesch came along to help Haim to get it going , ” then resuming , “ I remember looking at Koichi and saying ‘ Do you think kids in America would like really like that show ? ' And he said ‘ Oh yes ! All kids like that show ! ' And , about a year later , I was doing the show . Haim said to me , ‘ I 've got the rights for 20 years . We 're going to keep doing this for 20 years ! ' ”
Pruitt laughed off his own reaction from the time , “ ‘ No show lasts 20 years ! ' ”
At the close of the screening , Davis thanked Pruitt , the cast members , and the fans – and requested that all contact Shout Factory via Twitter to hasten a Blu-ray release of the film .
Special thanks to Japan World Heroes and Power Morphicon showrunner , Scott Zillner .
The phrase `` blood , toil , tears , and sweat '' became famous in a speech given by Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 13 May 1940 .
Background [ edit ]
This was Churchill 's first speech [ 1 ] on 13 May 1940 to the House of Commons after having been offered the King 's commission the previous Friday , to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the first year of World War II . Churchill had replaced Neville Chamberlain on 10 May , and in this speech he asked the House to declare its confidence in his Government . The motion passed unanimously . [ 1 ] This was the first of three speeches which he gave during the period of the Battle of France , which commenced on 10 May .
History [ edit ]
Churchill had used similar phrases earlier , such as `` Their sweat , their tears , their blood '' in 1931 , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] and `` new structures of national life erected upon blood , sweat , and tears '' . [ 3 ]
Churchill 's sentence , `` I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears , and sweat , '' has been called a paraphrase of one uttered on 2 July 1849 by Giuseppe Garibaldi when rallying his revolutionary forces in Rome : `` I offer hunger , thirst , forced marches , battle , and death . '' As a young man , Churchill had considered writing a biography of Garibaldi . [ 4 ] The circumstances under which Garibaldi made that speech—with the revolutionary Roman Republic being overwhelmed and Garibaldi needing to maintain the morale of his troops towards a highly hazardous retreat through the Apennine mountains—was in some ways comparable to Britain 's situation with France being overwhelmed by the German offensive . [ 5 ]
Theodore Roosevelt uttered a phrase similar to Churchill 's in an address to the Naval War College on 2 June 1897 , following his appointment as Assistant Secretary of the Navy : `` Every man among us is more fit to meet the duties and responsibilities of citizenship because of the perils over which , in the past , the nation has triumphed ; because of the blood and sweat and tears , the labor and the anguish , through which , in the days that have gone , our forefathers moved on to triumph . `` [ 6 ] Churchill 's line has been called a `` direct quotation '' from Roosevelt 's speech . [ 7 ] Churchill , a keen soldier , was likely to have read works by Theodore Roosevelt , who was a widely published military historian ; it is also possible he read the speech after being appointed First Lord of the Admiralty , a position similar to Roosevelt 's .
Other versions of the phrase are `` It [ poetry ] is forged slowly and painfully , link by link , with blood and sweat and tears '' ( Lord Alfred Douglas , 1919 ) , `` Blood , sweat , and tear-wrung millions '' ( Lord Byron , 1823 ) , and `` ... mollifie/ It with thy teares , or sweat , or blood '' ( John Donne , 1611 ) . [ 2 ] In Latin , Cicero and Livy had used the phrase `` sweat and blood '' . [ 8 ]
Excerpts [ edit ]
We are in the preliminary stage of one of the greatest battles in history .... That we are in action at many points—in Norway and in Holland— , that we have to be prepared in the Mediterranean . That the air battle is continuous , and that many preparations have to be made here at home . I would say to the House as I said to those who have joined this government : I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat . We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind . We have before us many , many long months of struggle and of suffering . You ask , what is our policy ? I will say : It is to wage war , by sea , land and air , with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us ; to wage war against a monstrous tyranny , never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime . That is our policy . You ask , what is our aim ? I can answer in one word : Victory . Victory at all costs—Victory in spite of all terror—Victory , however long and hard the road may be , for without victory there is no survival .
( Text as given in Hansard )
Reaction [ edit ]
Churchill had not been the preferred choice of most Conservatives to succeed Chamberlain , but the motion on 13 May `` That this House welcomes the formation of a Government representing the united and inflexible resolve of the nation to prosecute the war with Germany to a victorious conclusion '' passed unanimously . [ 1 ] He had been unpopular in many circles since the 1930s and MPs had ignored or heckled his speeches denouncing the prime minister 's appeasement policy toward Germany ; even others who opposed Chamberlain avoided him . One historian has described the speech 's effect on Parliament , however , as `` electrifying ... He was still speaking at the House of Commons , but it was now listening , and cheering . `` [ 9 ] ( However , Churchill himself subsequently held that many Conservative MPs had still regarded him with reserve and it was not until his speech of 4 July 1940 announcing British action against the French fleet at Mers-el-Kebir that he could feel he had the full support of the whole House ) [ 10 ] Other great speeches followed , including the `` We shall fight on the beaches '' speech of 4 June and the `` This was their finest hour '' speech of 18 June , and were a great inspiration and unifying force to Britain after its defeats in the first year of the war . [ citation needed ]
Legacy [ edit ]
On 26 April 2013 , the Bank of England announced that beneath a portrait of Churchill the phrase `` I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat . '' was to adorn the new 5 pound note . It was issued in September 2016 . [ 11 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
One by one they came , taking seats next to a United Nations flag and stating their names for the record . Some kept calm . Some wept . One , as he spoke , used his left hand to clamp his trembling right hand to the table .
They told stories about North Korea 's brutal network of criminal detention and political prison camps , and their evidence was physical : burns on their backs , scars on their heads , bodies ravaged by torture for acts that amount to crimes only in the North . They described forced abortions , public executions , constant hunger and ghoulish mind games played by prison guards , whose permission was needed even to catch and eat rats and mice .
Guards in a good mood would approve , said one defector , Shin Dong Hyuk . Guards wanting a laugh would force prisoners to eat the rodents alive .
Many of the defectors had spoken about their lives before , but this week in Seoul , their stories had a new purpose : as testimony in a U.N. investigation into North Korean rights abuses . Earlier this year , the U.N. human rights chief called those abuses unparalleled and said international attention was “ long overdue ” — particularly , she said , because they are continuing unabated under North Korea 's third-generation supreme leader , Kim Jong-un .
The three-member commission was established in March and given a year to complete its report . But this weeklong series of public hearings in Seoul , which runs through Saturday , forms the heart of its work , a legal investigation that doubles as horrifying theater .
The investigation , U.N. officials say , could help establish whether the North 's leaders are committing crimes against humanity . But in the shorter term , these hearings , streamed online , are also designed to raise global awareness of a police state that imprisons 150,000 to 200,000 of its people in city-size gulags in the nation 's northern mountains .
According to reports from nongovernmental organizations , the North , at these camps , gives prisoners starvation rations and works them to the brink of death , cutting back the rations further when the work is n't done well . North Koreans can be imprisoned for criticizing the leadership , watching a foreign-made DVD , leaving dust on the portrait of a leader or attempting to flee the country . Many receive no trial or chance for appeal .
The camps , modeled after Soviet gulags , were established by national founder Kim Il Sung as a way to weed out ideological opponents .
Witnesses on Tuesday and Wednesday said that one could be killed in the camps just for trying to stay alive . Public executions took place semiregularly — maybe twice a year , the witnesses said — probably as a means of keeping other prisoners on edge . One camp survivor , Kim Eun Cheol , said he saw a fellow inmate executed for scavenging a potato from a field . Another was executed for eating herbs .
In both cases , the perpetrators were “ almost as good as dead ” from torture before their executions , Kim said . “ Still , the guards used six to nine bullets to kill them . ”
The commissioners mostly asked the witnesses personal questions , in an attempt to draw out their stories . But they would follow up with several clinical questions , apparently seeking to establish evidence about the places and people described .
“ Is this the encampment popularly known as Camp 15 ? ” asked Michael Kirby , an Australian judge and chairman of the commission , indicating the satellite image .
“ Yes , ” said Jeong Kwang Il , a former detainee at the camp .
“ And if North Korea were to permit an inspection , you could give us detailed information about this camp ? ” Kirby asked .
“ Yes , ” Jeong said . “ I can give you exact directions . ”
The commissioners have tried to get into North Korea , with no luck . The U.N. Human Rights Council , in documents issued to the media , says its officials have asked the North for “ unimpeded access ” and cooperation with the investigation . But those requests have so far been ignored .
Shin said his scars were the only physical proof he could show of violations : “ But I have to tell you that something is happening there . Massacres are being carried out . We have to talk about it so we can stop it . That 's why I am here . ”
As fallout from the Fyre Festival continues , the festival is also offering the option to ticketholders for this year 's festival to opt in to next year 's fest in lieu of a refund . As a screenshot from New York Times reporter Joe Coscarelli shows , the festival is giving two options : “ ( A ) Yes , let it ride , I 'd love to support you all in creating something amazing ! ” and “ ( B ) No , I 'm not down for the adventure. ” Find that below . Fyre Festival co-founder Billy McFarland previously announced that the fest would try again in 2018 .
Additionally , The Bahamas Ministry of Tourism has issued a statement condemning rumors about the island of Great Exhuma that came about as a result of the failed festival . “ Despite reports , the waters surrounding Great Exuma are not shark infested . Each year , thousands of guests enjoy the pristine waters of Exuma without incident , ” the statement reads . “ Claims that the island of Great Exuma is a remote private cay with no infrastructure are also patently false ... The infrastructure on Great Exuma is second to none . ”
Elsewhere in the release , the Ministry of Tourism explained that the festival organizers chose to hold the event in an “ undeveloped subdivision community in Roker 's Point. ” It also announced that it is aware of vendors ' claims that the festival has not yet paid them , and it is working with Fyre Festival co-founder Billy McFarland “ to ensure that all vendors are paid , and to determine the way forward . ”
Hemp fiber was one of the primary things archaeologists found this week when they examined remains from a ship that sunk sometime during the 1800s .
The sunken ship was accidentally discovered by a construction crew working in Boston .
While digging at the site , the team noticed something unusual buried in the Seaport District of Boston .
They immediately stopped working and called in experts .
It turns out that what they found was a 50-foot long ship from the mid- to late-19th century that had somehow sunk . As the city continued to grow over the years , the ship had been buried and forgotten .
“ Nothing like this has been found in Boston , in the filled-in ground , before , ” said City of Boston archeologist Joe Bagley .
“ This is incredibly rare and incredibly amazing . ”
Experts think the ship was used to haul lime .
Back in the 1800s lime was used to make paper and in various construction projects .
But lime could also be the reason the ship sunk . That 's because when lime comes into contact with water it can sometimes cause fires .
Archeologists who were excavating the shipwreck were excited to discover that there was still cargo on board .
So far they 've dug up a fork , a stack of dishes , remains of barrels , hemp fiber , and more .
Hemp was a big time commodity back in the 1800s . It was one of the most common crops grown in America from the 1600s through the 1800s .
In fact , in 1619 the Virginia Assembly passed a law that required every farmer in the colony to grow hemp .
The plant 's fibers were used to make cloth , ropes , sails , and more .
There was even a time when hemp could be used as money in certain American colonies .
And historians say the first American flags were made out of hemp that was grown by important founding figures like George Washington and Thomas Jefferson .
The U.S. continued growing hemp and producing hemp fiber textiles until roughly the start of the 1900s .
But when cannabis became illegal , so did hemp , although it 's technically a type of cannabis that does n't have any psychoactive effects .
The shipwreck discovered this week in Boston is giving archaeologists a glimpse into what American life was like in the 1800s . And hemp fiber was a vital part of that life .
Help us reach $ 750,000 and we 'll greenlight a new BaseCamp accessory project , chosen by YOU !
We 're 2 weeks in and we 've smashed past our original goal - THANK YOU for getting us so far , so soon !
We 're excited to announce that if we hit our stretch goal of $ 750,000 , we will be able to put resources behind a new accessory project for BaseCamp - and it gets better . All BaseCamp Kickstarter Backers will have a chance to vote for their favorite accessory and the winning design will be put into production .
Help us reach our goal and explore what 's next for BioLite BaseCamp
Meet BioLite BaseCamp
Cooking with wood has never been smarter - get all the flavor and fun of a wood fire , without the smoke .
Grill or boil at the flip of a switch - meet all your cooking needs seamlessly .
Bring portable power to your backyard or campsite - we turn wood into electricity . You read that right .
The BioLite BaseCamp is a complete off-grid cooking and energy solution for groups , powered by wood . Using only fallen branches or small pieces of firewood , you can make wood-fired meals and charge your devices all at the same time . It 's a smart alternative to fossil-fueled stoves , creating an elevated cooking fire that burns smarter than any campfire you 're used to .
Over the past year , our team has been developing this product using feedback from our early BioLite customers , owners of the original BioLite CampStove . We 're here today to ask you to help us fund our first production run . We turn wood into electricity - we need your help to turn our newest product into reality .
Behind the Design
How it Works
turning fire into electricity
The BaseCamp converts heat from the fire into usable electricity via a thermoelectric generator housed within the orange power pack .
This powers a fan that blows air back into the burn chamber for improved combustion . The surplus electricity is then sent to a USB port , allowing you to charge your devices .
Charging Capabilities
The BioLite Basecamp puts out 5W of usable electricity via a standard 5V USB port meaning you can charge everyday useful devices like smartphones , GPS , headlamps , your GoPro , or even tablets . We designed the powerpack to house a battery , meaning you now have the option to charge while you are cooking OR whenever is most convenient for you , without the need for a live fire
Thanks to our LED indicator dashboard , you can see how hot the fire is and optimize your charging experience
Features
the anatomy of BaseCamp
Fuel
There 's nothing better than a meal with friends over a campfire - but we could all do without the smoke . Propane and charcoal are an option , but carrying canisters and fuel creates a disconnect between your meals and your outdoor experience . The BaseCamp provides the rustic experience of cooking with wood with the innovative technology of electrical cogeneration to fulfill a full range of outdoor energy needs .
Whether you 're looking for a new backyard fire pit , a new piece of gear for car camping , or the ultimate tailgating accessory , BaseCamp is for you .
The Origins of BaseCamp
The BioLite BaseCamp is a product year in the making . When BioLite took its flagship product , the BioLite CampStove , to a wood combustion conference in 2009 , we quickly realized that the application for our technology went far beyond outdoor recreation .
Half the planet still cooks on smoky open fires , killing more people annually than AIDS and Malaria combined . This motivated our team to develop the BioLite HomeStove , a low-cost biomass cookstove that dramatically reduces emissions while co-generating usable electricity . Since 2009 , BioLite has developed 4 generations of prototypes and is currently selling thousands of HomeStoves through our pilot retailers in India , Ghana , and Uganda .
Our users in the outdoor recreation and emergency preparedness markets have been incredibly supportive of our HomeStove work , but many have also let us know that they too are interested in the larger stove . So we got to work ...
The Product Development Behind BaseCamp
`` So why not just produce more HomeStoves to sell them here ? ''
going from HomeStove to BaseCamp
This is a question we heard a lot as people learned of our HomeStove program . At BioLite , we design products that focus on the needs of our customers . While there are many common needs between the emerging markets and off-grid outdoor recreation community , there are also several nuances to these respective experiences that make for very different final products .
adding the bucket handle and flame spreader
As we worked on the design development of BaseCamp , we kept three core things in mind :
1 . Group Access - How do we take the benefits of the BioLite CampStove and extend it to larger groups of people who want to be cooking in the outdoors together ?
2 . Improved Power - As electricity needs increase and more outdoor gear becomes USB-rechargable , how can we provide more on-demand power when our users need it ?
3 . Usability and Portability - What design improvements can we incorporate to facilitate a fun cooking experience and an easy way to move the BaseCamp from point A to point B ?
testing v1 BaseCamp prototype
heat mapping the BaseCamp
testing v3 BaseCamp prototype
engineering BaseCamp
Emissions testing . Animation courtesy of Autodesk .
Production Schedule
May 2014
Off-tool prototype beta testing
Tooling finalized
Circuitry and electronics finalized
Limited Edition Carrying Case design finalized and sourcing begins .
June 2014
BaseCamp Production begins
BaseCamp Packaging sent to print
On-line QA spot checks to ensure optimal performance
Carrying Case textile partner selected and production begins
Special Edition BaseCamp poster design begins
July 2014
QA process continues
BaseCamp units ship from factory to BioLite warehouses mid-July
Carrying Cases inserted into Priority Kickstarter backers
Special Edition Poster sent to printer
August 2014
BaseCamp Order processing and fulfillment begins
Special Edition Poster mailed to poster-level Backers
September 2014
BaseCamp orders delivered to Kickstarter Backers !
The People Behind BaseCamp - Team BioLite
BioLite co-founders Jonathan and Alec
Jonathan and Alec , the founders of BioLite started the company as a side project in Brooklyn back in 2006 . In 2009 , they quit their jobs and turned BioLite into a full-time venture .
Over the past 4 years , the BioLite team has grown to 25 full-time employees all working towards the promise of Energy Everywhere . We love hearing from our fans and we 're always looking for ways to support our community both near and far .
Providing hot drinks and charging phones post Hurricane Sandy , 2012
Ryan teaches students about our technology at Big Ideas Week 2013
Powering the local holiday lights at the 1000 W BioLite FirePit , 2013
Project BaseCamp Team
Monte | Electrical Engineering
Monte was the project coach and electrical engineer for BaseCamp . Before joining BioLite , he completed his PhD in control theory at Oxford , and worked on an electric vehicle start-up back home in Australia developing ultra-fast charging systems and high-efficiency power electronics . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Grilled Asparagus
Alec | Industrial Engineering
Alec developed the first design and prototype of the BaseCamp 's grill top , rack and legs . His background is in art and design with a long time tinkering on many mechanical things since he was five . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Italian Sausage and Vegetables
Tim | Industrial Engineering
Tim was responsible for the BaseCamp 's usability refinements , design optimization for manufacturing and 3D CAD construction . He made several trips to our manufacturing partner for tooling kickoff and first article testing and approvals . He studied industrial design at Art Center College of Design . In his 14 years , he has developed numerous bicycle components and mountain bike suspension products for SRAM/ RockShox , and later shifted to kitchen utensils and other consumer products with Smart Design and then Quirky . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Korean BBQ .
Olev | Electrical Engineering
Olev focused on maximizing the BaseCamp electrical power output using the existing HomeStove platform . He studied Mechanical Engineering at Cornell and Stanford , and then worked at HP for 25 years designing low-cost , high-quality and high-volume electro-mechanical products . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Sausage & Peppers .
Ryan | Combustion Engineering
Ryan supported testing and design refinements to the combustion and cooling systems on BaseCamp . He graduated with Bachelors and Masters degrees in Aerospace Engineering from California Polytechnic State University . Before BioLite Ryan worked for Boeing , and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne designing and testing combustion systems for jets , rockets , and powerplants . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Fresh Pork Sausages
Venkatesh | Combustion Engineering
Venky works as a Combustion Engineer and is part of the BioLite Research team . He has a Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering with focus on combustion and particulates formation . He supported the efficiency and emissions testing for BaseCamp development.Favorite BaseCamp Food : Grilled Paneer
Anton | Industrial Design
Anton created the industrial design for the BioLite HomeStove and helped translate it to the BaseCamp stove . Anton is a designer with more than 10 years of experience designing thoughtful products and services centered around the user . Before joining BioLite as its director of design Anton created products for companies like Google , HP , Intel , Nokia and OXO first at Smart Design and later at frog . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Grilled Halumi Cheese .
Seth | User Interface
Seth was part of the design team who worked on BaseCamp 's powerpack interface - helping users understand their power generation and monitor the strength of their fire . Seth 's background ranges from crafting digital experiences for web and mobile through to building intuitive interfaces for environmental and product design . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Blue cheese burgers with grilled pineapple .
Orpheus | User Testing
Orphee supported the design and optimization of the BaseCamp focusing on combustion engineering and power generation from initial research to final design . This encompassed rapid prototype development of parts as well as collaborating with the team to develop procedures for various metrics testing . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Jerk Chicken & Plantains
Kurtis | Manufacturing Engineering
Kurtis worked on the process development of the BaseCamp manufacturing and tooling requirements as well as the quality control testing . He has spent the last 2 years on the BioLite team helping implement and manufacture various products including the HomeStove . He has a background in R & D and manufacturing for 7+ years building and engineering rescue , medical , and outdoor equipment . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Thin cut steak
Whitney | Manufacturing Engineering
Whitney leads the manufacture team at BioLite . Her work on the BioLite Portable Grill and BioLite HomeStove helped to create a foundation for the BioLite BaseCamp manufacturing . Favorite BaseCamp Food : A nice wood-fired steak
Erica | Communications
Erica is the Director of Marketing at BioLite , avid griller , and the creator of the Kickstarter campaign for BaseCamp . Aside from her day-to-day role , she 's the voice of BioLite instruction manuals and videos and frequently the replier to your tweets . Prior to BioLite , Erica worked at the NYC brand consulting firm Sterling Brands . Favorite BaseCamp Food : Shakshuka
The Work We Do
We brainstorm , we tinker , we build , but most importantly we are constantly looking to solve tough problems in the personal energy space through science , technology and design .
At BioLite , we practice what we like to call Parallel Innovation : we incubate core technologies here in our lab and then create products in the outdoor and emerging off-grid markets . The revenue from our outdoor users helps us invest in the long-term success of building meaningful products and stable sales channels for those who need it most in emerging markets .
Why We 're Asking for Your Help
The motivation for BaseCamp was from crowd demand , so we 're asking for your help to crowd-fund it and help us continue to collaborate with our user base as a viable means of innovation and product development .
initial concept sketch and prototype of carrying case
BioLite seeks unique solutions to big challenges . This includes new business models . Your support helps us keep control of our company , our mission , and enables us to take risks on new products and ideas we might not otherwise be able to do . We 're a young company and putting a new product into production takes a lot of work and a lot of capital . Help us manage risk and measure demand by support our Kickstarter efforts today .
And a special thanks to Josh Woodward for the music in our video .
President Moon Jae-in tried to reason with North Korea . Ahn Young-joon/AP South Korean President Moon Jae-in took office hoping to engage diplomatically with North Korea , but as tensions soar between the two countries , he 's considering his offensive options .
Moon called for South Korea to prepare to `` immediately switch to offensive operations '' if North Korea makes a `` provocation that crosses the line , '' according to NK News .
Moon told his top military officers they should `` strongly push ahead with a reform of the military structure to meet [ the requirements ] of modern warfare so that it can immediately switch to offensive operations in case North Korea makes a provocation that crosses the line or attacks a metropolitan area , '' NK News notes .
Additionally , South Korea is developing a three-axis system to respond to a North Korean attack that contains preemptive strikes on North Korea 's missile systems , air and missile defenses , and something called the `` Korea Massive Punishment and Retaliation system . ''
Moon has tried to engage closely with North Korea , even going as far as suggesting the country host some of South Korea 's 2018 Winter Olympics , but to no avail as of yet .
Stratfor
At the same time , South Korea is building up a `` decapitation force '' meant to kill Kim Jong-un and other key North Korean leaders while building up missile defenses . Under Moon , the country has also developed an impressive ballistic-missile fleet that can drill deep underground to hit high-value targets in bunkers .
South Korean Vice Minister of National Defense Suh Choo Suk told reporters the country hoped to have perfected its offensive and defensive plan to win a war against North Korea by the early 2020s .
Amazon Studios has severed ties with The Weinstein Company in the wake of mounting sexual harassment and sexual assault accusations against founder Harvey Weinstein .
As a result of the move announced Friday , a high-profile TV project from director David Russell will no longer be made , The Los Angeles Times reported .
According to a statement by the actors , a planned series from Russell starring Julianne Moore and Robert De Niro has been cancelled , while another series involving the Weinstein Company will continue production without the embattled film company .
“ We support Amazon 's decision as in light of recent news and out of respect for all those affected we have decided together that it is best to not move forward with this show , ” Moore , De Niro and Russell said in a statement reported by People magazine .
ADVERTISEMENT The move to sever ties comes just days after actress Rose McGowan , one of Weinstein 's accusers , wrote to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos on Twitter , saying she told the head of Amazon Studios that Weinstein had raped her . `` @ jeffbezos I told the head of your studio that HW raped me . Over & over I said it . He said it had n't been proven . I said I was the proof , '' McGowan wrote on Twitter . `` I am calling on you to stop funding rapists , alleged pedos and sexual harassers . I love @ amazon but there is rot in Hollywood . '' Weinstein has emphatically denied the accusations of rape against him , and has pledged to seek therapy over the sexual harassment allegations .
`` Any allegations of nonconsensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein , '' a spokeswoman for Weinstein told CNN .
Amazon initially responded to the tweets on Friday by suspending Roy Price , its most senior entertainment executive , amid renewed reports of harassment involving Price himself .
`` Roy Price is on leave of absence effective immediately . We are reviewing our options for the projects we have with The Weinstein Co. , '' a company spokesperson said .
Price was accused of sexual harassment by Isa Hackett , one of the executive producers of the Amazon original series “ The Man in the High Castle . ''
In a memo Friday to employees , senior vice president of business development Jeff Blackburn warned employees that the company would n't tolerate such behavior .
“ Amazon does not tolerate harassment or abuse of our employees or our business partners , '' he wrote .
February 27 , 1983
Williams Choked on a Bottle Cap
By SUZANNE DALEY
ennessee Williams choked to death on a plastic cap of the type used on bottles of nasal spray or eye solution , New York City 's Chief Medical Examiner said yesterday .
The 71-year-old playwright , whose body was found Friday morning on the floor of his Manhattan hotel suite , was first thought to have died of natural causes . But an autopsy yesterday found the bottle cap blocking the larynx - '' swallowed or inhaled or some combination , '' said the Medical Examiner , Dr. Elliot M. Gross .
Dr . Gross said that there was no suspicion of foul play and that `` deaths of this type are usually classified as accidental . '' He said , however , that he would not make that determination until the results of all the chemical tests were complete . He said they would take several weeks .
The Medical Examiner 's initial findings left many questions unanswered about the death of the playwright , who had moved between illness and hypochondria , often relying on alcohol and drugs to keep going .
An empty bottle of wine and several types of medication were found in Mr. Williams 's room , the police said . But Dr . Gross would not say whether they had been a factor in the death .
The Medical Examiner also would not speculate on how the bottle cap might have got into Mr. Williams 's throat . He did say there were a number of medical dispensers in Mr. Williams 's two-room suite at the Hotel Elysee at 60 East 54th Street . He would not say whether any was missing a cap like the one that caused the playwright 's death .
Dr . Gross said he had discussed his findings with Mr. Williams 's personal physician , whom he would not name . Alcohol and drugs , along with strong coffee and cigarettes , became a regular part of Mr. Williams 's life in the mid-1950 's after `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof '' brought him a second Pulitzer Prize . As the playwright saw it , that great success was a turning point , and a long decline began .
Though Mr. Williams continued to write prolifically , he never again achieved the success or the greatness of his earlier works , `` The Glass Menagerie '' and his first Pulitzer Prize play , `` A Streetcar Named Desire . ''
At his best , Mr. Williams was a master of dramatic moments who created lost , tortured characters struggling for dignity and hope in a world that often denied both . Suffered From Several Ailments
Obsessed with sickness , failure and death , he constantly thought his heart would stop beating . He had suffered from several ailments , including cataracts , arthritis and heart disease . '' I 've had every disorder known to man , '' he once said .
Several weeks ago , when Mr. Williams returned to New York from his house in Key West , Fla. , he told close friends that he was exhausted , overworked and suffering from a shoulder condition .
Mr. Williams 's body was found Friday morning by his secretary , John Uecker , who shared the playwright 's two-room suite . Mr. Uecker said he had heard a noise in Mr. Williams 's room at about 11 P.M on Thursday , but did not investigate . At about 10:45 A.M. Friday , Mr. Uecker entered the room and found Mr. Williams lying next to his bed .
Dr . Gross said Mr. Williams had died sometime in the late evening on Thursday or the early morning of Friday . According to doctors , normal nerve reflexes at the back of the throat would ordinarily force a person to gag and therefore eject any object that was caught in the opening of the larynx , called the glottis . No Test for Alcohol
Yesterday , Dr . Gross said that , while `` a number of reasons '' could have impaired the gag reponse , `` it frequently happens when a person is under the influence of alcohol or drugs . ''
He said that Mr. Williams 's blood had not been tested for alcohol , a procedure that often takes less than an hour to complete , but that testing would start tomorrow .
Dr . Gross issued a brief statement yesterday at a 2:30 P.M. news conference in the lobby of the Medical Examiner 's headquarters at 520 First Avenue . The statement , which refers to Mr. Williams by the name he was given at birth , said :
'' An autopsy was performed this morning on the body of Thomas L. Williams . The cause of death is asphyxia due to obstruction of the glottis ( the opening to the larynx or upper airway ) by a plastic over-cap ( of the type used to cover the opening of nasal spray or ophthalmic solution dispenser ) . Further studies , including chemical tests , will be performed . ''
The police were unable to say what the bottle cap might have belonged to . '' All the medication was taken from the apartment by the Medical Examiner 's office , '' said Captain Gene Burke of the Manhattan detective squad . '' We do n't have any information on it . ''
Plans for funeral services for Mr. Williams remained incomplete yesterday . A memorial service was scheduled for Wednesday at the Tennessee Williams Fine Arts Center in Key West and a viewing , open to the public , was set for Sunday through Tuesday from 10 A.M. to 8 P.M. at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home , 1076 Madison Avenue .
- The UK increased its threat level from severe to critical
- Salman A. , a 22-year-old Manchester resident , named as the suspected attacker
- Police raided two districts of south Manchester , arrested a 23-year old man
- The so-called `` Islamic State '' ( IS ) claimed responsibility for the attack
- Thousands of people have taken part in a vigil held in Manchester 's Albert Square
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Explosion hits concert arena At around 10:30 p.m. local time , at the end of a concert by US pop singer Ariana Grande in Manchester Arena , an explosion shook what witnesses described as the foyer area of the venue where merchandise was being sold . The blast flung people to the ground and shattered glass in the foyer area .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Fleeing the venue After the blast , people began streaming out of the arena . Grande has many younger fans , and there were many parents waiting to collect their children outside the venue . Police later said the blast killed 22 people , and over 50 people were injured . Some were treated on site while others were taken to local hospitals . First responders reported some of the victims had shrapnel wounds .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Grande 'broken ' by incident Ariana Grande , pictured in a file photo above , is a 23-year-old singer from the US . She is currently on her global `` Dangerous Woman Tour , '' with her next scheduled concert for May 25 in London . Hours after the explosion in Manchester , Grande tweeted : `` broken . from the bottom of my heart , i am so so sorry . i do n't have words . ''
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Helping victims In the aftermath of the explosion , several messages appeared on social media seeking help in finding people who were unaccounted for after the blast . Hotels near the venue opened their doors for children who had not yet been reunited with their parents , and # RoomInManchester began trending on Twitter as residents offered a place to stay for anyone stranded after the blast .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Seen as 'terrorist incident ' Police are treating the explosion as a terrorist incident carried out by a lone suicide bomber . Police named the suspect as Salman A. , but cautioned that coroners had not yet identified the body of the suicide bomber .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Arrest made In the late morning after the attack , police said that they had made an arrest in connection with the incident . There was some panic at about the same time when a shopping center near to the concert venue was evacuated by police .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures 'Islamic State ' group claims attack The so-called `` Islamic State '' claimed credit for the attack through its Amaq news agency . However , IS is known to make such claims even when it has not had direct involvement in planning and orchestrating specific terror attacks .
What we know : Manchester blasts in pictures Vigil held Thousands of people attended a vigil in central Manchester on Tuesday evening . Many held signs reading `` I Love MCR , '' an abbreviation for Manchester . A Muslim group held a banner that read : `` Love for all , Hatred for None . '' Author : Matt Zuvela , Chase Winter
British authorities raised the country 's terrorism threat level to `` critical '' on Tuesday , after a suspected suicide bomber killed 22 people at a concert on Monday evening . At least 59 people were wounded in the attack , including teenagers and children .
May said the new level suggests that further terrorist attacks `` may be imminent . ''
`` It is a possibility we can not ignore that there is a wider group of individuals linked to this attack , '' Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday evening in an address from Downing Street . Home Secretary Amber Rudd said on Wednesday it `` seems likely '' that the suspect was not acting alone .
May announced that members of the armed forces would replace the armed police usually used to protect strategic points , allowing the police to significantly increase the number of armed officers on patrol in key locations . Up to 3,800 troops were to be deployed .
`` You might also see military personnel deployed at certain events such as concerts and sports matches , helping the police to keep the public safe , '' May said .
Suspect identified
Greater Manchester Police Chief Constable Ian Hopkins said authorities believe the attack was carried out by 22-year-old Salman A. , but declined to go into further details because he had not been formally identified .
`` The priority remains to establish whether he was acting alone or as part of a network , '' he said . Interior Minister Amber Rudd said on Wednesday that the suspect was known to security services before the bombing .
British election data shows Salman A. as being a resident of a home in Fallowfield . British media reported that he was born in the UK to parents of Libyan descent . There were media reports on Wednesday that he only returned to Manchester from Libya in the days before the attack .
-Theresa May condemns suicide bombing as 'worst of humanity '
-Manchester and the world show solidarity with concert attack victims
-World leaders condemn Manchester attack
IS claims responsibility
Watch video 00:59
The `` Islamic State '' ( IS ) militant group claimed responsibility for the attack , which it said had been carried out with a device that was planted at the arena . However , IS is known to make such claims even when it has not had direct involvement in planning and orchestrating specific terror attacks .
Police carried out two raids in the Whalley Range and Fallowfield areas in the south of Manchester . A controlled explosion was conducted to gain entry to a residence in Fallowfield .
Thousands of people attended a vigil held on Tuesday evening in Manchester 's Albert Square .
DW 's Lars Bevanger reported from the scene .
Eyewitness reports
Concert attendee Majid Khan , 22 , told The Guardian newspaper a bomb-like bang went off as people were exiting the 18,000-capacity venue , leading to a mass panic . `` Everyone was in a huge state of panic , calling each other as some had gone to the toilet whilst this had gone off , so it was just extremely disturbing for everyone there , '' he was quoted as saying .
Video posted on Twitter showed panicked fans streaming out of the venue where mainly young people were watching a concert by US pop singer Ariana Grande .
Concertgoer Catherine Macfarlane told the Reuters news agency : `` Everyone was screaming and people were running . It was a huge explosion - you could feel it in your chest . It was chaotic . Everybody was running and screaming and just trying to get out . ''
Witnesses described panicked crowds rushing the exits
One eyewitness said metal nuts appeared to have been packed into the explosive device . The BBC has reported that people were treated for `` shrapnel-like injuries . '' The Manchester Evening News said staff at Wythenshawe Hospital in South Manchester told people without life-threatening injuries to leave the emergency room .
Victims named
At least 12 children under the age of 16 were injured in the attack .
On Wednesday , the Foreign Office announced two Polish citizens were among those killed and another among those injured .
Among those killed was Georgina Callander , whose death was reported by her former school . The school described her as a `` lovely '' and `` very popular '' young woman .
Also killed was 8-year-old Saffie Roussos , whom a teacher called `` simply a beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word , '' who was warm , kind , `` and unassuming , with a creative flair . '' Her mother and sister were wounded in the attack .
Evil act
There was ​condemnation of the attack from around the world , with flags flying at half mast in Berlin and Brussels .
The mayor of Manchester , Andy Burnham , said the city would show resilience in the face of the attack .
`` These were children and young people and their families that those responsible chose to terrorize and kill , '' said Burnham . `` This was an evil act . We are grieving today but we are strong . Today it will be business as usual - as far as possible - in our great city . ''
British Home Secretary Amber Rudd called the incident `` a barbaric attack , deliberately targeting some of the most vulnerable in our society - young people and children out at a pop concert . ''
The US singer Ariana Grande has wide appeal among a young audience , after finding success on the children 's TV channel Nickelodeon . Early Tuesday morning , Grande spoke of her sorrow on Twitter , saying she was `` broken . ''
Local residents offered their homes up to people affected by the incident using the hashtag # RoomForManchester .
Manchester police set up an emergency number for those involved in the blast .
Manchester was previously targeted by terrorists in June 1996 , in a bomb attack that leveled a section of the city center . More than 200 people were injured in that attack , carried out by the IRA , although there were no fatalities .
Editor 's note : Deutsche Welle follows the German press code , which stresses the importance of protecting the privacy of suspected criminals or victims and obliges us to refrain from revealing full names in such cases .
BMC Software has released its 8th annual Worldwide Survey of Mainframe Users and found that not only is the mainframe not dying , despite years of such predictions , it 's taking on Big Data and other 21st century workloads .
Now let 's start with the disclaimer that BMC is a developer of low-cost mainframe solutions , so it 's easy to be cynical since the company has a vested interest in the mainframe doing well . This was a sizable survey , with 1,184 respondents worldwide but tilts toward North America ( 60 % of respondents ) and EMEA ( 31 % of respondents ) and large firms ( 62 % over $ 1 billion in revenue ) , which is right where you would expect to find mainframe users .
Among those surveyed , 93 percent see a mainframe as part of a long-term business strategy and half of the respondents believe the mainframe will continue to attract new workloads . Only 7 percent of all respondents have plans to eliminate the mainframe environment and none were large shops .
One interesting finding from the survey is that mainframes are seen as a way to control costs . Keeping IT costs down is a main concern of 85 % of respondents , way up from 69 % from 2012 . The mainframe appears to be a cheaper ; 46 percent of mainframe budgets are spent on software .
That 's pretty good , considering in many IT budgets , about 80 % of the total budget goes to keeping things running and only 20 % is used for new projects , so in some regards , the mainframe is actually easier to maintain than row upon row of x86 racks .
Much of the dependence on mainframes is necessity . Sixty-four percent said they are sticking with the mainframe for data privacy due to audit and/or compliance regulations . And then there 's good old reliability , the hallmark of a mainframe . A full 72 % said availability is a top priority and why they are sticking with a mainframe .
( Back in the 1990s , a CA exec told me if a mainframe crashed three times in one year , it was deemed an unreliable computer . If Windows crashes three times in one day , it was a good day . That was back in the Windows 3.1 days but I still like the joke . )
Mainframes are n't just for CICS and database apps , though . Two-thirds of those surveyed said the mainframe will play a part in their cloud strategy and 70 % said their mainframe plays a role in their Big Data strategy , with some using the mainframe to perform analytics , while others move the data off the mainframe for analytics .
The predictions of the mainframe 's demise over the last 30 years have shown that the industry is n't very good at its own predictions or planned obsolescence . While they never will be sexy or a high-growth market , mainframes have a well-earned reputation for reliability when it 's needed and found their niche that wo n't be replaced any time soon .
So you can imagine my view on the supposed demise of the PC .
This coming Saturday ( see right ) William and Phillip will be interviewing Mike Morasky ; composer for Valve Software .
Update
The interview has now been posted : http : //www.podcast17.com/interviews/audio/mike-morasky/ .
When , Where and How to Listen
The interview will be streamed live at the time of recording ― do n't worry if you miss it though , we 'll release an mp3 the next day .
The live stream will be over our ShoutCAST server . Details of how to tune in can be found on the Stream Details page .
An event will be posted to our Steam Group for those who want a 10 minute warning before the interview starts .
Submit your Questions
During the interview we 'll ask a series of community questions . From all questions submitted one lucky winner will recieve a Tt eSPORTS Shock Spin Gaming Headset , so what are you waiting for ? Submit your question/s !
Question asked by moredibell
Answer :
you evil evil woman . okay , tagged for spoilers ( like , seriously . severe spoilers . if you do n't want to be spoiled , because spoilers , stop reading now . )
SPOILER ALERT
( in case you missed it , there are spoilers here )
You 're in the photocopy room when Olaf pops his head in the door .
“ Hey , ” he says , “ The new girl is here . She 's in your office . ”
He says it in such a casual manner , but there 's absolutely nothing casual about this at all . Oh god , and she 's early , too , a quick glance to the clock tells you . You give him a nod , acknowledging his words , but you wait until he 's whistling to himself halfway down the hall before you move .
Oh god she 's here .
You have an entire half-hallway to mentally prepare yourself , but it 's not enough , and you pause outside your office door for another few seconds . God , look at you . Terrified to go into your own office . It 's as though this was n't your idea in the first place . As though you had n't been keeping an eye on her , waiting , in case she needed a job . Like you had n't asked for her specifically when she had .
Closing your eyes and taking a final breath , you push open the door .
Anna is n't facing you . Her gaze is trained out the window and on the vast cityscape , and it gives you a moment . She 's so big . Understandable – she 's an adult – but you 've refrained from any real contact for a decade . She is n't a little girl , comatose in a hospital . She 's an adult , who has spent her life living . Her hair is pinned back in a bun ( that looks like it 's supposed to be neat , but little wisps have come loose ) . It almost looks like it 's on fire , but .. like a candle . Soft and gentle . Not an inferno .
She seems to realise that you 're there , because she turns her wheelchair and almost immediately begins stuttering out something .
She 's even more beautiful from the front . It seems like she slumps a little , when you do n't reply , and she moves herself toward the door . You ca n't stop your eyes from flicking to her wheelchair .
I did that . I ruined her life . Monster . Murderer .
You cough lightly in the back of your throat and force a smile . “ No , no , I 'm sorry , I just- Anna , right ? Anna Ackerman ? ” you ask , as though you have n't been paying for her medical bills since her thirteenth birthday . As though you have n't carved her name into your flesh as a depressed sixteen year old , looking for the punishment that , after your father paid them , the courts refuses to administer . “ I 'm sorry , I just expected you to arrive a little later . The email said 10 , did n't it ? ”
She rifles through her bag for her phone , tongue poking out to wet her lips before it pauses , too distracted to finish its job . You feel your face relaxing – you feel your body relaxing , because now she 's here . She 's here and you can start paying her back for all you 've wronged her . No more anonymous benefactors . Now it 's you seeking her forgiveness .
You hold your hand out to her , and just relish in the way she grips your fingers , a little harder than necessary , but so warm .
“ Elsa Arendelle , ” you say . “ And you must be Anna . Obviously . ”
She nods , and then gives a laugh that sounds both forced and embarrassed . “ I guess they did n't tell you about the chair . ”
You take a seat on your side of the desk , and you have to force yourself not to say something stupid . “ Of course they did , ” you say , and then wince at the bluntness of your words . “ We had to make sure that all areas you would need would be accessible , ” you lie . And maybe you should feel guilty , but there is n't enough room in your head or your heart . It 's been filled since you were a teenager , and it 's not likely to start emptying anytime soon . “ I have , of course , every other area being refitted , but they wo n't be complete for a few weeks . ”
But Anna seems almost shocked that you 've given it such thought , and that hurts too because has no one else ever done that ?
So you lean across the table and smile , and it maybe feels like a real one ( but you do n't really know what that feels like anymore ) and , softly , say , “ I 'm really looking forward to working with you , Anna . ”
And as she smiles at you , hope shining in her eyes , you can only think of one thing .
Please forgive me…
The web has been alight these past few weeks with the details of the Apple v. Samsung lawsuit . It 's been a unique opportunity to peer behind the curtain of how these two companies operate , as the trial seeks to answer the question : did Samsung copy Apple ? But there 's actually another question that I think is much more interesting to the future of innovation in the technology industry : regardless of whether the courts say that Samsung copied Apple or not , would we all be better off if we allowed — even encouraged — companies to copy one another ?
This is particularly relevant in the context of the Apple/Samsung trial , because it is n't the first time Apple has been involved in a high-stakes “ copying ” court case . If you go back to the mid-1990s , there was their famous “ look and feel ” lawsuit against Microsoft . Apple 's case there was eerily similar to the one they 're running today : “ we innovated in creating the graphical user interface ; Microsoft copied us ; if our competitors simply copy us , it 's impossible for us to keep innovating. ” Apple ended up losing the case .
But it 's what happened next that 's really fascinating .
Apple did n't stop innovating at all . Instead : they came out with the iMac . Then OS X ( “ Redmond , start your photocopiers “ ) . Then the iPod . Then the iPhone . And now , most recently , the iPad . Given the underlying reason that Apple has been bringing these cases to court was to enable them to continue to innovate , it 's hard not to ask : if copying stops innovation , why did n't Apple stop innovating last time they were copied ? Being copied did n't stop or slow their ability to innovate at all . If anything , it only seemed to accelerate it . Apple was n't able to rest on its laurels ; to return to profitability , and to take the mantle they hold today of one of the technology industry 's largest companies , they had to innovate as fast as they could .
This point is worth considering more deeply in the debate over intellectual property protection . An excerpt from Kal Raustiala and Chris Sprigman 's book , The Knockoff Economy : How Imitation Sparks Innovation , that ran in last weekend 's Wall Street Journal , made exactly this point . The ingoing assumption for most folks when looking at industries is : without protection from copying , innovation stops . However , and somewhat counter-intuitively , Raustiala and Sprigman show that rather than stifling industries , there are plenty of examples where industries actually thrive because they are so open to copying . As they say : “ Great innovations often build on existing ones — and that requires the freedom to copy. ” Which even seems to be true at Apple — see this email from Apple exec Eddy Cue , advocating a change to Apple 's lineup of tablet products… as a result of him trying out a product that Samsung had released on to the market .
Some might say copying . But to me , it sounds like a perfectly functioning competitive market .
I 've used Apple as the example here because it 's illustrative in showing how innovation has n't been stifled over time even when the patent system has n't ruled in their favor as a patent owner . But to be fair to Apple , they too have suffered plenty in their quest to innovate when they were n't necessarily the first mover with the necessary patents under their control — a recent example being Nokia 's lawsuit against them regarding the iPhone .
Too often , it seems that companies fall back on the broken patent system when they ca n't compete in the marketplace .
If Apple ends up winning this case against Samsung — and either stops Samsung from releasing their phones and tablets to the market , or charges them a hefty license fee to do so — does anyone really believe that the market will suddenly become more innovative , or that devices will suddenly become more affordable ? Similarly , if Samsung wins , do you really believe that Apple will suddenly slow its aggressive development of the iPhone and iPad ? It 's certainly not what happened last time they lost one of these cases .
Now , if you 're with me so far , then I do n't think it 's a leap to suggest that having these companies duke it out in court over “ who might have copied who ” is counterproductive . All these lawsuits flying around suggest that everyone is already copying each other , anyway . A better solution ? Let 's have these companies solely focused on duking it out in the marketplace — where consumers , not courtrooms , make the decisions about innovation . In such a world , the best defense against copying is n't lawsuits , but rather , to innovate at such a rate that your competition ca n't copy you fast enough . That , to me , sounds like an ideal situation not just for consumers — but for the real innovators , too .
Her husband Rufus Greenway , an audio-visual company director , said she had probably had a drink on the evening of August 18 before cycling back to Isleworth , west London .
The 47-year-old said his wife , who was also his business partner , was a `` very competent '' cyclist who would regularly take selfies .
Asked why she had not worn a helmet , Mr Greenway said : `` It was just a gross oversight , maybe overconfidence ( that she did not wear a helmet ) .
`` It 's unfortunately an unfortunate accident . If she was wearing a helmet she would still be alive . ''
He said his `` media-savvy '' wife had been `` taking some selfies on the main road '' , adding : `` She did that regularly . ''
`` She was not taking it at the moment of the accident , '' Mr Greenway added . `` She was 100m from our house , one hand on the bars , quite relaxed , and probably had had a drink .
`` She cycled that way every weekend and perhaps it 's familiarity breeding contempt .
`` She was just having a lovely time , happy to be with her mother for her mum 's birthday . One second you 're happy and then next second it 's a trainwreck . ''
Do n't be grumpy tomorrow – we 're all losing an hour of sleep .
But your reward will be one extra hour of sweet sunshine at the end of the day . In the overnight hours tonight , March 13 , clocks will skip the 2 a.m. hour for the Daylight Saving Time tradition . The entire United States will join you in the biannual time change with the exception of Hawaii and Arizona .
( More on TIME.com : See a brief history of time zones )
Much of the world implements a sort of “ summer time , ” an idea originally birthed with the intention of extending daylight in the evening in an effort to conserve fuel and energy . While there is no global standard for Daylight Saving Time , most of Europe and North America honor the fall back/spring ahead tradition .
The practice is , expectedly , most beneficial for nations farthest from the equator that are affected by the seasonal rotation of the earth . But the U.S. and Canada , in springing ahead tonight , will lead Europe by two weeks in the switchover .
( More on TIME.com : See the 2007 law that changed DST rules )
The effects of Daylight Saving Time have long been in dispute , but supporters include convenience stores and sporting goods retailers , who helped lobby for the four-week extension of Daylight Saving Time in the U.S. , passed in 2007 . They argue that the extra sun at the end of the day encourages people to shop and participate in sports after work . But that can happen only after we recuperate from the lost hour of sleep .
Grading on a curve , FX 's Justified might be one of the easier long-running series to jump into cold . If you absolutely had to , you could get away with watching nothing but the pilot before diving into tonight 's premiere of the show 's sixth and final season . The premise was simple in 2010 and it 's simple now : Timothy Olyphant 's Deputy U.S . Marshal Raylan Givens and his literal white hat have been reluctantly repatriated to their native Kentucky and set against Givens 's erstwhile coal-mining buddy , aspiring crime boss Boyd Crowder . Crowder , played by FX veteran Walton Goggins , was famously slated to serve as Givens 's final casualty in the pilot , dying in line with the Elmore Leonard story that served as the show 's source material , but received a reprieve from the creative team and instead blossomed into Givens 's primary antagonist . In the intervening years , the pair 's fortunes have intertwined , branched off , and reunited , and the penultimate season 's finale set them against one another again in what promises to be as overt an all-or-nothing showdown setting as we 've seen in Harlan since that first hour . Once more , with feeling , and you 're right on time to catch the big dance number .
Boyd has made for a marvelously compelling villain , logging hours of screen time in which , by educated guess , we 've seen him play maybe two or three scenes of unguarded honesty . He and Raylan have loved the same woman , fought for and against and over their own fathers , and clashed in various capacities with near countless foes , including Kentucky 's own Bennett clan , the Detroit mafia , the Miami mafia , Limehouse , the Drew Thompson steeplechase , the Crowes , and a Mexican drug cartel or two . That 's all pretty goofy to look back on and consider as one unit of time in one actual place , but it 's a credit to the show that it can carry off the menacing of sleepy metropolises with rocket launchers on the regular , that episodes can be straight-facedly titled “ Bulletville ” or “ Slaughterhouse , ” and that Raylan and Boyd are still alive and kicking each other . It 's also had to have made for exhausting storytelling shuttle runs by the writers , who 've imported and dispatched big bads in full-season arcs and supplementary villains for shorter turns while allowing Raylan and Boyd to execute all manner of deadly-seeming stratagems , all with the audience knowing full well that neither can die yet . That 's a hell of a situation in which to have to try to create stakes .
At the onset of Season 6 , those stakes go to the stratosphere . In the tumbling wake of the rift with Raylan 's boss Art — a rift that stemmed from Raylan confessing his involvement with the shot-up limo death of Nicky Augustine — Art granted Raylan permission to return to service in Florida , where Raylan could ( like , theoretically ; it 's Raylan ) function in a relatively human capacity alongside his estranged wife Winona and their infant daughter . But there 's just one more thing before shipping off , says Assistant U.S. Attorney David Vasquez in the Season 5 finale , and for once Vasquez is n't about to accuse Raylan of something terrible that he probably definitely did .
For a minute , you think Vasquez is about to do just that , and it 's one of the absolute highlights of the season : He ticks off all the odd-lot criminal elements that have passed through Kentucky on this office 's watch , and in a very serious voice asks Raylan if he sees the common thread . And Raylan , full of the bullishly misplaced righteous indignation that has striped him all season , says , ME ? and fellow deputy Rachel is like , No , you sweet idiot , it 's Boyd . ( Meanwhile , those of us sitting at home are slamming pause on the DVR and going , HI , EXCUSE ME , MR. VASQUEZ , NOT TO INTRUDE ON WHAT IS A VERY WELL-PACED SCENE , BUT RAYLAN HAS ACTUALLY GOT A GREAT POINT HERE , INSOFAR AS NOT GETTING ENOUGH CREDIT FOR THINGS THAT ARE TOTALLY THE FUCK HIS FAULT . )
Absent any visible deaths , the greatest tragedy may have already passed before our eyes in the space of two scenes in the Season 5 finale . There 's this Marshal-marshaling in the office , with Rachel and Vasquez detailing to Raylan their plans for building a “ coffin-serious ” RICO case against Boyd , leading Raylan 's mouth to actually form the words “ Why did n't you say so ? ” HOOWEE Y'ALL . IT 'S CLOG-FIGHTIN ' TIME . But there 's also the moment that precedes this , when Winona breaks down in joyful tears over Skype at the thought of him joining her in Florida , where she 's currently raising their infant alone . Did Raylan even blink at the thought of tossing all of that out the passenger-side window to go galloping off after Boyd again ? “ Before you go , ” indeed .
So Raylan , set against Boyd by Art in the first episode of the first season , has trained his sights on the tiny tyrant again . You 're technically caught up . But reducing Justified to its starting line and concluding lap knocks some phenomenal performances out of your view . There was Margo Martindale as Mags Bennett , the marvelously complex matriarch of the second season and the author of what 's unassailably the show 's greatest exit to date . There was Neal McDonough as platinum-haired , circus-eyed Detroit thug Robert Quarles , and Mykelti Williamson as literal butcher Ellstin Limehouse , both of whom were appointment television during their time in Harlan . And there 's still Jere Burns 's noted women 's tennis enthusiast and longtime recurring antagonist Wynn Duffy , who appears poised to play a central role in the final season alongside what we 're praying will be an extended arc from Mary Steenburgen as playful , deadly mob widow Katherine Hale .
Even singling out individual actors feels too reductive to Justified 's body of work , though . Raylan and Boyd have traversed a switchback path to get to this point . They had themselves a standoff at the beginning , and if the show goes where it 's pointed , they 'll have another one at the end . This has never been a series all that big on surprises ; the merit of Justified lies in its mostly meticulous craftsmanship , in its ability to focus and draw out dread , and in finding moments of beauty and poignancy in grim inevitability .
Even if you choose to view every moment between the pilot and the ultimate confrontation as a riotous kind of detour between shootouts , remember as you watch Raylan 's and Boyd 's boot heels marking their final steps in this pattern that this all spiraled from one moment of mercy in March 2010 , when a dead-shot Deputy U.S . Marshal deliberately missed the heart of his target because they 'd dug coal together once upon a time . Remember that Raylan let Boyd go again , in pursuit of the Miami shooter who 'd felled Boyd 's father , whose location Boyd had given up to Raylan to save his brother 's widow ( who was widowed , of course , on account that she 'd shot him ) . Remember that Boyd once picked a fight with Raylan to get back into prison so he could shake down Dickie Bennett for his mama 's fortune . Remember that Raylan 's own father all but adopted Boyd in place of his actual son and gunned down another lawman thinking he was Raylan .
Remember how Joelle Carter 's Ava was so luminescent in the show 's early episodes that they could 've lit interior sets by her skin , and that her time in prison has metamorphosed her into volcanic rock . Remember how Ava 's own moment of mercy — sparing Ellen May and killing Delroy — is what put her behind bars in the first place , tearing her from her fiancé and setting the stage for Raylan to ultimately spring her from the state pen , throwing them back together in an undercover asset/handler capacity to take down Boyd from inside the walls of her home and his heart .
Remember , too , that Boyd spares Dewey Crowe near the end of Season 1 , and what good that does everybody . Remember that even discounting all the no-count members of his own family he 's knocked off , Boyd bears tangential responsibility for Dickie Bennett 's murder of Raylan 's stepmother , Helen , and is at the same time the one who made sure Arlo Givens took his meds . Remember the last thing former Sheriff Hunter Mosley said to Raylan , back near the end of Season 4 : “ You listen to what your mama taught you , and not that old sumbitch , you may turn out all right . But I would n't count on it . 'Cause I think we both know whose voice it is makes you do what you do. ” What might the late Mrs. Givens have said on the topic of sparing Boyd , had she even an inkling of what was coming after ? As the Givens-Crowder nuclear clock ticks between 11 and midnight , we know who Hunter meant in the moment , but is it even Arlo 's voice that Raylan hears anymore ? Has it been for some time now ?
Arbitrary Justified Preseason Power Rankings : Onscreen Deaths , Seasons 1-5
10 . Jimmy ( 5.13 )
9 . Elias Marcos ( 5.5 )
8 . Colton Rhodes ( 4.12 )
7 . Billy St. Cyr ( 4.3 )
6 . Nicky Augustine ( 4.13 )
5 . Danny Crowe ( 5.10 )
4 . Hot Rod Dunham ( 5.9 )
3 . Robert Quarles ( 3.13 )
2 . Picker ( 5.11 )
1 . Mags Bennett ( 2.13 )
Getting older does n't come easy for many gay and bi men . We need to realize our lives do n't follow the same paths — marriage at 25 , baby at 30 , retirement at 65 — of our straight peers .
I have a big birthday coming up that I 'm dreading . Friends and acquaintances ask how old I 'll be . I blush and giggle and say it 's my 25th , knowing they 're aware I 've remained the same age for the past half-decade .
As you can tell by my juvenile denial , I do not love getting older . Are you surprised by my attitude ? Let 's face it , among gay and bi men , youth and masculinity are the two most celebrated attributes . I have no idea how this all came about , but older gay men who do n't fit in the masc daddy tribe are completely invisible in gay culture . Apart from say , George Takei and Sir Ian McKellen , I do n't see many older LGBT role models . It seems young gay men give aging pop-culture female divas more respect and attention than older gay men . I know I 've been guilty of this dismissive behavior myself .
Aside from the coming physical decay that goes with a new decade of life , birthdays are a reminder that time is flying by and the things I coulda , woulda , shoulda done with my life have not come to pass . I think this hurts the most — the regret .
Recently , I dug up some old photos of me traveling around North America in my early 20s . In a particular picture I was standing next to New York 's Wall Street Bull , and by gosh , I looked gorgeous and thin , so-o-o thin . Frankly , looking at these old pictures fills me with melancholy that I did n't take advantage of my awesome figure — worn better-fitted clothing and pursued indecent proposals that came my way . I wish I had lived a bit and taken the chance to actually express myself instead of being wrapped up in worrying what people thought of me and laboring under my self-inflicted pressures . It 's true what they say , youth is wasted on the young .
This is a common narrative in our community . I see many young gay men beat themselves up for not achieving something in a certain period in their lives — be it the perfect body or the perfect career . There 's a taint of heteronormative behavior to all of this — the thinking that we 've absorbed from wider society that happiness follows a certain order and time frame . Getting an education , a job , a partner , a house , birthing kids , and finally retiring in adult nappies must happen at specific intervals , according to this logic . On top of it , as human beings we all have an innate compulsion to make comparisons with one another — which is the most toxic aspect of it all .
As a hopeful , wide-eyed teenager , I had aspirations and goals . I 'd envision that before reaching 30 , I 'd be married to some masc top while living in a Disney-themed castle , driving a Mercedes Cabriolet . I can confirm I have n't got any of these things in my life — yet that 's OK . Funny thing is , many of my straight peers have somewhat achieved their familial and career goals , and I initially felt left behind . Now I 've come to realize these comparisons to heteronormative and materialistic ideals are not healthy for LGBT people .
The truth is , we need to celebrate that our lives wo n't necessarily follow a conventional path — we may find love in our 50s or finally drive away in that Cabriolet at 70 . That 's OK too , since life is about the journey rather than the destination .
I think my fear of getting older would be eased by the sight of older LGBT people being respected and valued by our youth-obsessed community . After all , none of us can escape old age ( if we 're lucky enough ) , but what we can control is that we do n't get bitter by regretting things we coulda , woulda , shoulda done and focus on opportunities that exist now — no matter what our age . Perhaps then , turning 30 — I said it ! — or 40 or 50 or 90 wo n't be nearly as frightening .
VISH GAIKWAD is a London-living , Britney-loving `` gaysian . '' Follow him on Twitter @ vishdelishuk .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. – Almost 10 months have passed since the fatal accident that killed Chesterfield father Alonza Jefferson , who was driving home from his second job when a drunk driver struck him .
On Monday , Chesterfield judge T.J. Hauler sentenced Matthew Pernell , 27 , to eight years total in prison . Pernell , who previously pleaded guilty , was given 20 years with 13 suspended for the aggravated involuntary manslaughter charge and five years with four suspended for the felony DUI charge .
The early-morning fatal crash killed 46-year-old Jefferson -- a father of two -- just days after Christmas . Jefferson was on his way home to celebrate the birthday of his daughter Destini .
Pernell drove his pickup truck across the median along route 288 and hit Jefferson , who died at the scene .
Investigators said Pernell 's blood alcohol level was almost three times the legal limit . He had more than dozen traffic charges since 2008 , including two previous DUI charges .
Monday was very emotional for both the Parnell and Jefferson families in the courtroom .
Pernell himself took the stand and made eye contact with the Jefferson family as he apologized .
`` I do n't deserve to be here , '' he said while crying . He promised if given the chance , that he would stay sober for the rest of his life . He also said that he would trade places with Jefferson if he could .
Both sides spent a lot of time talking about Pernell 's alcoholism . He said he had been through several counseling and AA problems , but he relapsed .
Pernell 's mother Nancy also took the stand and said her son had a `` heart of gold '' and that he had taken responsibility for his actions .
Destini Huffman-Jefferson , Alonza Jefferson 's daughter , testified for the Commonwealth . The 22-year-old spoke about losing her father and how it 's impacted her family emotionally and financially . She said her younger brother , a student at Clover Hill High School , has been struggling with the loss and is n't talking to anyone .
The judge ordered that Pernell pay the Jefferson family around $ 14,000 in restitution after he serves his sentence . Eight years is a lot better than the 25 Pernell faced , said his defense attorney after the sentencing .
The government will fail to meet Geert Wilders ' demand that non-western immigration to the Netherlands be halved by 2015 , the Volkskrant reported at the weekend .
The paper says figures from immigration minister Gerd Leers show little change in immigration from outside the developed world .
Wilders made his support for the minority government 's €18bn package of cuts dependent on a ‘ substantial ' reduction in immigrants .
In 2012 , for example , the minister is expecting 27,000 people will be given a residency permit , the same as in 2016 . In addition , 15,000 refugees will come to the country on an annual basis , the minister 's figures show .
New measures
A spokesman for Leers told the paper the effect of new measures to reduce immigration have not yet been included in the calculations .
Leer wants to tighten up the rules on family reunions , with only partners and under-age children being allowed in and not grandparents or other more distant relatives .
There will also be a year 's waiting time before people can join their partners in the Netherlands and ‘ import brides ' will only receive independent residence status after they have lived here for five years .
In an interview with Saturday 's Volkskrant , Wilders said an agreement is an agreement . ‘ He [ Leers ] has to meet his targets , ' Wilders said .
Greece
Immigration is only one aspect of the PVV 's support for the coalition which is coming under pressure . Wilders is also totally opposed to any more support for Greece , and a rise in the state pension age .
On Friday , he told reporters 2012 would be the ‘ year of truth ' for the coalition alliance . ‘ We intend to sit this coalition out , but not at any price . We are not going to accept everything , ' he said , before describing the alliance as a ‘ marriage of convenience ' .
He also warned the cabinet that future cuts should not hurt Henk and Ingrid , the name Wilders gives to the average man and woman .
Collapse
Labour leader Job Cohen on Saturday challenged Wilders to let the cabinet collapse .
‘ Wilders is ignoring the fact that Henk and Ingrid are picking up the bill… if something happens which he does n't like , Wilders still says ‘ let the government stay ' , ' Cohen told the AD .
Meanwhile , VVD stalwart and Alcatel-Lucent CEO Ben Verwaayen says in an interview with Saturday 's NRC Wilders ' attacks on Greece rather than Muslims is a logical step . For Wilders , ‘ the Greeks are the new Muslims , ' Verwaayen said .
Evander Holyfield 's son , Elijah Holyfield , is one of the brightest high school football prospects in the country .
The 5'10 ” , 204-pounder committed to his hometown University of Georgia Bulldogs late last week and , in guaranteeing himself college football next year , realized a dream that his father Evander had always hoped to fulfill .
Evander is obviously very pleased for his son , but that does n't mean he totally agrees with his decision . Speaking as part of the Boys & Girls Club of America 's launch of its new Alumni program , Evander told ForTheWin he was pushing for his son to choose Notre Dame over UGA . It 's slightly curious considering the Holyfield family lives in Georgia and that Holyfied himself says he 's a Georgia fan , but his reasoning makes sense :
“ If you go to college you go to get an education . That 's why I tried to get him to go to Notre Dame . ”
He continued :
With all the hullabaloo surrounding Donald Trump 's attack on Carly Fiorina in the newest edition of Rolling Stone , it 's gone largely unnoticed that in the very next paragraph , Trump makes an über-creepy sex joke about his daughter Ivanka Trump .
At 69 , he can still carry on like the teen who was yanked out of prep school and delivered to Col. Dobias , the take-no-shit instructor at the military academy . After I met Ivanka and praised her to her father , he said , “ Yeah , she 's really something , and what a beauty , that one . If I were n't happily married and , ya know , her father . . . ”
Yeah , no need to finish that thought .
But as Rolling Stone 's Paul Solotaroff points out , this is n't even the first time Donald Trump has made that joke . Here he is in 2006 , on The View :
Trump was asked how he would feel if Ivanka posed for Playboy . “ It would be really disappointing — not really — but it would depend on what 's inside the magazine . I do n't think Ivanka would do that , although she does have a very nice figure . I 've said if Ivanka were n't my daughter , perhaps I 'd be dating her . ”
Earlier in 2003 on The Howard Stern Show , Donald Trump was also bragging about his daughter 's hot body : “ You know who 's one of the great beauties of the world , according to everybody ? And I helped create her . Ivanka . My daughter , Ivanka . She 's 6 feet tall , she 's got the best body . She made a lot money as a model—a tremendous amount . ”
Societal taboos aside , Trump 's “ favorite book ” The Bible is n't exactly on board with incest .
[ Image via Shutterstock ]
——
> > Follow Alex Griswold ( @ HashtagGriswold ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
One of the many mock-ups originally considered for Stranger Things .
There are plenty of things to like about Netflix 's spooky '80s romp Stranger Things , from the normcore style to the inspired advertising for Eggo waffles . But it 's the opening title sequence that is clearly the window into its soul . Created by a talented team over at Imaginary Forces , the sequence did n't come easily , despite the fact that they had the finalized music choice already on hand . In fact , it took months to complete it from start to finish .
“ When the Duffer Brothers approached us , they definitely had a very strong vision , ” Michelle Dougherty , Imaginary Forces ' creative director , explained . “ They had referenced Robert Greenberg , who did a lot of title sequences for the old classics — like Mad Max and The Dead Zone . They used Greenberg to set the mood. ” With this inspiration in mind , the team began creating mock-ups that were described as “ a bit more modern ” than a bona fide '80s aesthetic . “ We were like , Okay , this takes place in the '80s , but it 's today 's take on the '80s . We had n't seen any footage yet , because they were n't even filming at this point , ” Dougherty continued . “ So the Duffers came back to us and encouraged us to look at Stephen King book covers . When you look at those covers , they have a definite feel with the typography . It 's a little bigger and clunkier and it screams '80s . ”
One of the first few mock-ups for the sequence , featuring MT Light 8 font with a reversed “ E . ”
Another mock-up that was deemed too “ modern ” to use , this time featuring Avantgarde Futura font .
With this slightly changed aesthetic , Eric Demeusy , the lead animator and designer for the sequence , began to do new and improved mock-ups . The duo agreed — they wanted the result to be “ mysterious ” and something that could genuinely be mistaken for being created in the '80s , in addition to wanting it to look slightly “ imperfect ” to enhance the throwback feel . “ At that point , the design frames were just all of these letters floating into space . We did n't know what the actual sequence was going to look like , ” he explained . “ They referenced the Pulp Fiction title sequence , which is one long pullout on the screen . That 's where we ended up going … we were trying to go for a practical , optical look. ” That look , also known as “ kinetic typography , ” meant that the letters would be constantly moving around as opposed to remaining stagnant on the screen .
Getting slightly closer to the final product with the MT Light 10 font .
After a few more tests , a general font and typeface were finally solidified , and they sent their prototypes to the Duffers and Netflix to scrutinize . “ They came back to us and were like , Actually , we 've been using this font internally that we really like , ” Dougherty said . “ Which we later found out was this font created by a designer named Jacob Boghosian. ” Essentially , Boghosian had taken Benguiat , which is the typeface created by Ed Benguiat , and altered it a little bit to fit his personal stylistic preferences . “ He made this beautiful curvature where the letters are kind of hugging each other , ” Dougherty continued . “ What we did was take what he created and made the ‘ S ' and the ‘ R ' larger , and we created those on the top and bottom , which we had in our original layout with the other typeface. ” Imaginary Forces also outlined the letters in red , as opposed to the monochromatic look Netflix had favored , and added the bars that pan out in the sequence 's final few moments . However , red was n't the only color the duo seriously considered .
Nearly there . Before expanding on the Benguiat font , Cortez did the trick .
“ I remember feeling , Okay , we 're kind of in this blue world , ” Dougherty said . “ But I really love the color red . There 's something about it that calls the attention . It also makes your heart palpitate a little bit . We thought it was really appropriate . It 's funny because I recently heard a podcast with the composers who created the music [ Austin-based band Survive ] and they said they actually put a heartbeat in the music . It was interesting because the red makes your heart palpitate , and the heartbeat was the base of that music . So the two work really well together. ” And voilà , the sequence we know and love was born .
As for season two , the duo thought about tweaking the sequence , but agreed in the end to alter nothing besides an added “ 2. ” “ We did explore other colors , but they just were n't as good , ” Dougherty admitted . “ We 'd seen at that point that people really loved the sequence , so what was the point ? ” Besides , as Demeusy put it , the sequence only added to Stranger Things ' overall mystery : “ It started to feel like these words were like puzzle pieces . They were searching for this kid , Will Byers , and each letter was a clue , and everything was coming together . ”
About
Deeper Lock is no ordinary bike security system . So , to get the full picture on how it will save your bike , from smart features to tough hardware to real bike theft attempts , make sure you keep reading to the end of this page . Your bike will thank you for it .
So , let 's start with the problem …
1.5 million stolen in the US every year
in the US every year 70 bikes every day in Berlin
day in Berlin 450,000 every year in the Netherlands
in the Netherlands 1 every 90 seconds in the UK
And these are just the official figures . The real numbers could be 5 times as high . Is your bike their next target ? You might only have 10 seconds to find out …
We put Deeper Lock to the test . See how the thieves react to a smart security system .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Keyless locking
Locking and unlocking using the app is quick , simple and secure . Ruggedized steel locking mechanism secures the rear wheel and the motion sensors are activated .
In case you loose your phone or the battery dies , we provide you with an emergency NFC tag that will open your Deeper Lock .
Once the bicycle is tampered , instantly security features kick in :
Despite safety , there are smart features too :
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Is your bike with seat stay mounting holes ?
1 . Use attachment bolts provided . 2 . Place bolts through mounting points . 3 . Place lock under ( not over ) seat stays . 4 . Screw bolts into mounting holes using hex key provided .
Is your bike without seat stay mounting holes ?
1 . Use mounting fasteners provided . 2 . Attach mounting fasteners to mounting points using attachment bolts . 3 . Place lock under ( not over ) seat stays . 4 . Wrap fastening strips around seat stays , then feed them back into the mounting fastener and screw tight using screwdriver .
Not sure if Deeper Lock will mount onto your bike ? Just check that :
Your bike has standard seat stays and the distance between the seat tube and the outer edge of rear wheel ( or fender ) should be 65mm/2.56 '' or more
The width of your tyre is not more than 64mm/2.5 ''
The height from the inner wheel edge to the outer tyre edge is not more than 93mm/3.6 ''
If the answer to all three is yes , Deeper Lock will mount onto your bike . In case you have doubts or questions will Deeper Lock fit your bike or how to measure , just let us know or send the picture of your bike : kickstarter @ deeperlock.com
Inside the box you will find : DEEPER LOCK , Mounting fasteners 2X , USB cable , HEX Key screwdriver , Attachment bolts 2X , NFC keyfob 2X
Our team has grown from 4 to 55 in less than 5 years . And Deeper Lock 's launch marks another exciting step in our history , and an amazing opportunity for us to grow and learn .
We have a proven track record for creating smart outdoor technologies and we 've picked up 12 international awards , including 2 at CES , and now sell in over 50 countries .
“ The CES Innovation Awards is an annual competition honouring outstanding design and engineering in consumer technology products. ” In January 2017 , Deeper Lock became a Honoree at CES .
See how Deeper Lock saves another bicycle in Amsterdam
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We 've spent the past 2 years developing the concept and the product . So now the Deeper Lock - Advanced bike security system is at it 's final steps . See below our journey . Your help is important to reach the end of it .
How tough is Deeper Lock ? We wanted to show the ruggedized steel locking element strength , so we made a test lifting a car .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We 've done everything we could to develop the smartest and the toughest cycle security system . And there 's only one step left . Join us in achieving this dream and ending bike crime for good .
You get the best value with our `` Best Kickstarter Offer . '' However , if this is beyond your budget , we have created our `` Early Bird Offer '' which is available for a limited number of dreamers and innovators . As we like to say at Deeper , let 's `` Dream Big '' – every single contribution will make a BIG difference .
* In order to send live GPS tracking data and unlimited range anti-theft alerts from the device to your smartphone , it is necessary to use mobile networks . Our best Kickstarter offer gives 4 years FREE SUBSCRIPTION . Our other Kickstarter offers give 1 year . For all Kickstarter backers , we will guarantee a price of $ 1 or less per month after your free subscription ends . This subscription price is exclusive to Kickstarter , and is half the price of standard subscriptions . If you chose not to renew your network subscription , the other lock features will still work , and you can disable and enable any subscriptions at any time , free of charge . So , the choice is yours .
What 's this now ? A new expansion , you say ?
Indeed ! The Lost Technologies . We 've been working with Draco18s , a long-time community member here , to bring this one to life . This is quite an exciting expansion for us , because we had n't even thought we 'd be able to do something like this this year ( what with Stars Beyond Reach and now Starward Rogue and all that ) .
This expansion brings to life a number of things that are centered around technology in one way or another . The races all have their own unique racial techs now , for instance — giving them more character than ever before . Techs now have cool new “ side effects ” that can benefit you or other races in regular combat .
There 's even a new Tech Race game mode where it 's a cutthroat race through the tech tree — with the catch that you have to work with you enemies to win , because you 're unlikely to win on your own . Make allies , ditch em , make new ones , and coast across the finish line ( hopefully ) on your own .
This also will coincide with the release of TLF 3.0 , a free update to all the owners of the base game . This update includes several pieces of new content including 3 new alliance types , four new events , and a few other goodies . And naturally the expansion has more stuff , too — a gorgeous but fragile new planet type , new turret types , a new type of mission for gathering your own unique Hydral techs , new ability types , and so on .
Oh — and “ champion ” enemies , too . Ca n't believe I almost forgot that one ! Champions add a new element to combat where you may need to avoid a specific enemy ship that is doing… something strange and unexpected . You can easily tell the championships by their purple glow , and they have a way of exerting a bit of gravity — so to speak — on their part of the battlefield .
Release Date !
We look to be on schedule for a November 11th release . All the features are complete and in testing with a small group of players who blindly volunteered without knowing what they were signing up for . That 's faith ! ; ) The expansion itself has been in work since mid-September , so that 's about average for an expansion from us . What 's not average is us managing to keep it a secret for this long , heh .
Already An Advanced Player ?
If you 're already an advanced player of TLF , you might be interested in some of the notable things addressed by various additions :
* The Kessler Syndrome event ( new free content in v3.0 ) makes space junk buildup around planets matter a lot more .
* The Deorbited Ship event ( also free v3.0 content ) fills a hole where the Skylaxians are too honorable to bomb anybody ( although the event will happen to any race invading any other ) ; essentially a large , hostile fleet in orbit that is otherwise doing little to invade can get “ hit ” by the event and cause… fun times .
* The Welding Drones tech side effect now repair Large ( and larger ) ship hulls by a small amount every combat turn , provided that it did not take any damage . Maintaining shield integrity and avoiding disruptor shots can slowly make up for a tactical mistake and keep the player alive for longer
* The new Beam Rifles tech has a side effect that increases the range of all laser-based weaponry by 10 % .
* The Nuclear Fusion tech has a side effect that increases shield recharge rate by 5 %
.
.
.
So , is Anna Hazare 's crusade against corruption the start of India 's peacock revolution ? Jantar Mantar may not be Tahrir Square , but surely the professionals , T-shirted younsters and angry housewives erupting in mass protests simultaneously across India 's metros have something in common with their compatriots elsewhere in Asia and Africa . They are faces of a civil society that 's growing increasingly assertive against government and a compromised political class.Acting as a relay and mirror for such civil society protest has been a range of new media - from wall-to-wall television news coverage to text messages , Facebook and Twitter . The proliferation of media allows new networks of social solidarity to emerge , flowing outside the established channels of political patronage . In India they are giving voice to the country 's growing middle class , increasingly alienated from styles of governance that do not meet their aspirations.Whatever might be the rights and wrongs of Hazare 's campaign against corruption , the public response his campaign aroused within the space of a week is unprecedented . More than anything else , the snowballing public response to the anti-corruption campaign forced the government to capitulate quickly to its demands . It also gave the lie to accusations about the middle class 's political apathy . Such accusations are usually made in the context of poor voter turnout in middle class areas during elections . But then , as the current season of corruption attests , the political class pays little attention to the middle class 's priorities either.Given the global circulation of media images , comparisons between Jantar Mantar and Tahrir Square are facile but inevitable . More to the point , however , is that India is no longer the insular country it once was . Its citizens are increasingly exposed to global lifestyles and standards of governance . Chinese authorities may be exercised by their citizens being exposed to global influences , but India wo n't be left untouched either.The current season of corruption started with the Commonwealth Games , where citizens could n't help noticing the contrast between the shambolic and corruption-ridden games held in Delhi with the superb show put up by Beijing at the Olympics it hosted a couple of years earlier.The middle class feels embattled in a situation where as many as 75 members of the current Lok Sabha are accused of serious crimes while , as a recent study has shown , someone charged with a serious crime has twice the victory rate in a Lok Sabha election compared to other candidates . As Anna Hazare said in response to the question why he did n't participate in an election , he would lose his deposit if he did so.While Hazare 's intentions of tackling corruption are unimpeachable , there is reason to doubt if the alternate Jan Lokpal Bill his followers propose will deliver the goods . Giving sweeping powers to a Lokpal could equally be a recipe for corruption - what if the Lokpal itself is corrupt ? Even worse , what if it consists of honest zealots who exceed their brief and harass anybody who does n't agree with their ideas ? The figure of the all-powerful Lokpal appeals to the middle class nostalgia for a 'strong ' man or men of superior virtue , who will oversee and impose order on the rest of the nation through the unchecked powers granted to them.The shape of things to come may be indicated by the inclusion of Shanti Bhushan and Prashant Bhushan , a father-son duo , among the five civil society members of the joint panel to draft the Lokpal Bill . Is civil society so strapped for talent that of five members it can nominate to draft a critical law , two must be father and son ? In that case the movement has acceded to the same principle it routinely accuses the political class of : the principle of dynasty.Clearly , both conservative and expansive sides of the Indian middle class are in play in the anti-corruption movement . But glitches aside , it has at least moved the debate beyond the sterile issue of whether the Public Accounts Committee or a joint parliamentary committee is best placed to probe corruption . Despite all the storm and fury in Parliament over corruption , the opposition hardly bothered to point out the infirmities of the official version of the Lokpal Bill that the government was placing before Parliament . Bureaucrats and government officers would be outside the purview of the Lokpal , while to initiate actions against MPs it would need to get the permission of the Lok Sabha Speaker or Rajya Sabha chairman . Even if charges are proved to its satisfaction , it can merely be a recommendatory body.Hopefully , between the toothless version of the Lokpal Bill that the government proposes and the draconian version that civil society activists propose , a reasonable compromise will be worked out . But that in itself will not resolve the issue of corruption . Police and judicial reforms are a must . Rent-seeking powers in the hands of government are the source of much corruption , and economic reforms are needed to reduce or eliminatethese . We need to switch from a patronage to an empowerment model of governance . And then people themselves will vote to throw corrupt politicians out . That , indeed , would be a revolution .
NEW YORK -- Two New York Mets minor leaguers have been arrested for allegedly drag racing at speeds of more than 100 mph early Friday morning , according to a press release issued by the city of Kingsport , Tenn .
Lupo
Becerra Citing an incident report from the Kingsport Police Department , outfielders Wuilmer Becerra and Vicente Lupo were arrested , director of community and government relations Tim Whaley indicated .
Becerra , 19 , allegedly was traveling at 107 mph in a 2013 Dodge Challenger . Lupo , 20 , allegedly was clocked at 104 mph while driving a Ford Mustang “ in close proximity . ”
Whaley indicated that one vehicle stopped immediately in response to an officer 's siren and lights , while the second vehicle stopped shortly thereafter .
Becerra and Lupo were charged with drag racing , a Class B misdemeanor offense .
Both outfielders are from Venezuela and neither was carrying a U.S. driver 's license , according to the report . No alcohol was involved , Whaley said .
Becerra was acquired from the Toronto Blue Jays with Travis d'Arnaud and Noah Syndergaard in the deal for R.A. Dickey .
Lupo played the night of the arrest as well as Saturday . Becerra did not play Friday , but since has appeared in both Kingsport games .
A Mets spokesman said the club was aware of the arrests but declined further comment .
TOKYO — A chimpanzee escaped from a zoo in northern Japan , climbed a tall electricity pole and then plunged from the wires into a blanket held by a dozen workers after being hit with a sedative arrow . Chacha , a male chimp , survived the fall with minor bruises and cuts , a zoo official said Friday .
Chacha , the chimp , screams at a worker in Sendai , northern Japan , April 14 , after fleeing from a zoo . The chimpanzee tried desperately to avoid being captured by climbing an electricity pole . ( AP )
The chimpanzee was on the loose for nearly two hours Thursday after it disappeared from the Yagiyama Zoological Park in Sendai , the city that 's hosting finance ministers from the Group of Seven industrialized nations in May . TV footage showed Chacha perched atop a pole , agitated and screaming at zoo workers below . A worker in a cherry picker shot the chimpanzee in the back with the arrow , sending it scampering along the wires . Chacha pulled the arrow out , but dangling from an electric line , appeared to lose its grip as the sedative took effect , and suddenly fell head down into the blanket .
Article Continued Below
At 24 , or middle age in human terms , the chimpanzee was waking up from the sedative and will be slow for a few days , zoo official Takashi Ito said . The zoo was closed Friday as officials investigated how it escaped . Zoo officials have spotted a hole in the fence , through which the chimpanzee apparently made his breakout . Correction - April 15 , 2016 : The headline on this article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly said the chimp escaped from a Tokyo zoo .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
May 16 , 2014 , 1:11 PM GMT
Ecuador has declared an emergency in the Galapagos Islands , warning that a stricken cargo ship that ran aground last week threatens the archipelago 's fragile ecosystem .
The country 's environment minister Lorena Tapia Nunez said 19,000 gallons of diesel had been removed from the Galapaface I , but other pollutants inside the vessel could spill into the water .
The Ecuadorean freighter became stranded off the the rocky coast of the island of San Cristobal last Friday , May 9 .
The Galapagos – a major tourist attraction 625 miles off the South American coast - are home to unique animal species such as the giant tortoise , marine iguana and flightless cormorant .
`` The ship is stranded and continues to present an environmental risk for the Galapagos Marine Reserve , ” the area 's governor Jorge Torres told the Efe news agency , according to a BBC report .
Nunez also posted on Twitter a picture of a condor that had been rescued from the affected water .
The emergency order will stay in effect for six months , the environment ministry said in a statement .
Alastair Jamieson
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Neo-Nazi protest outside a Birmingham school has been condemned by an MP .
A group , calling themselves the ‘ Infidels of Britain ' ( IoB ) , gathered at the gates of Erdington Hall Primary School as children arrived for lessons on Monday morning .
Three weeks earlier nine-year-old pupil Aaron Dugmore was found hanging in his bedroom . His family claimed he took his life after racist taunts by Asian bullies at school .
Labour MP Jack Dromey said that the extremists were trying to exploit Aaron 's death and divide the community in Erdington .
And a friend of Aaron 's family stressed that the IoB protest had nothing to do with the youngster 's parents or relations .
Police have patrolled the school gates before and after lessons following the protest .
Mr Dromey said : “ With an investigation underway , it is contemptible that neo-Nazis should seek to exploit the tragic death of a nine year-old boy , hoping to divide our community .
“ But they will not succeed . Everyone in Erdington is united in sympathy for Aaron 's family and no-one wants boot boys to intimidate young children and their parents as they arrive for school . ”
The family friend and fellow parent told the Sunday Mercury : “ This protest was organised without the knowledge of Aaron 's family .
“ There were three people standing outside the gates , and another man walking up and down the road handing out leaflets .
“ It said on the leaflet : ‘ Aaron , aged nine , was bullied to death for being white . ”
The IoB demo came two days before Aaron 's funeral at St Barnabus Church in Erdington .
The youngster was discovered unconscious in his bedroom in his home in Erdington , on February 11 and died the following day .
An inquest into his death was opened and adjourned at Birmingham Coroner 's Court on February 21 .
One of the protesters was kickboxer Darren Clifft , 24 , a far right campaigner who calls himself the ‘ Klansman ' of the ‘ West Midlands Infidels ' .
Clifft , from Walsall , West Midlands , previously posed in pictures giving a Nazi-style salute in support of Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik and in others dressed in a Klu Klux Klan costume .
His Facebook page states he supports the British Union of Fascists and National Socialists .
Just hours after the protest – which police attended but made no arrests – Clifft appeared in a picture posted on Facebook with two young associates .
The pictures were uncovered by EDL News , a volunteer organisation which monitors the far right English Defence League .
The trio – who were also photographed together at a recent EDL march in Manchester – were holding a flag emblazoned with ‘ White Pride Worldwide ' and giving flat-handed Nazi salutes .
Aaron started in Year 5 at Erdington Hall last September after his family moved to Erdington .
The school had previously said how the youngster had ‘ settled in quickly ' and had begun to work well in his small class .
West Midlands Police and the Birmingham Safeguarding Children Board are investigating the death , but have refused to comment on the bullying allegations .
Aaron 's mum Kelly-Marie , 30 , previously claimed that her son had been the victim of racist taunts before his death .
Speaking last weekend Kelly-Marie said of her son 's death : “ We are not racist people .
“ Aaron got on with all the children at his last school , and for him to have been bullied because of the colour of his skin makes me feel sick to my stomach . ”
A spokesman for West Midlands Police confirmed they dealt with the protest .
“ We were aware of a small protest which took place outside of Erdington Hall School on March 4 , ” said the spokesman .
“ Officers attended and are continuing to liaise with the school . ”
Head teacher Martyn Collin wrote to parents , some of whom had taken their children home over safety fears on Monday .
“ I am writing to apologise to you for the difficult start we had to the school day today , ” he wrote . “ I know some parents were concerned about safety and took their children home .
“ We have spoken to the police who will be attending the school at the beginning and end of each day this week to ensure that pupils arrive in a safe environment .
“ The protestors are within their rights to attend and carry out a peaceful protest , and this will be monitored by the police . ”
Getty Images
Two weeks ago today , we declared Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson to be the PFT offensive rookie of the year , based on the regular season . Plenty of you disagreed .
Two weeks later , no one should .
With his performance on Sunday in Atlanta , the hometown of Fran Tarkenton , this neo-Tark showed that , in a class of great rookie quarterbacks , Wilson is in a class of his own .
We know , we know . Robert Griffin III is the greater overall talent . But Wilson has what Griffin lacks : An indispensable instinct on how to avoid and/or absorb contact in a way that does n't cause injury . When Griffin runs , there 's a subtle recklessness that now has his short-term and long-term future murky . When Wilson runs , there 's a Barry Sanders-style awareness on how to take a hit and when to hit the ground .
Wilson 's intangibles extend beyond his own health . When the Seahawks fell behind by 20 points in the first half , I mentioned on Twitter that Wilson becomes Seattle 's greatest asset in that situation , because he will never give up . And while many quarterbacks have that same quality ( plenty do n't ) , the difference is that Wilson does n't get flustered or frustrated in the face of adversity . He just keeps doing what he does , unaffected by the circumstances .
That calming presence helped his teammates forget about the deficit and focus on doing what they do . And do it they did . And they did everything in their power to win the game , except maybe leaving too much time on the clock when they finally took the lead .
When the Associated Press finally pulls the sheet off the 2012 awards in 19 days , Wilson likely wo n't be named the rookie of the year . Sunday 's game bolsters the argument that the votes should n't be taken right after the regular season ends . Though delaying the process until the completion of the Super Bowl likely would skew the results of multiple awards toward members of the freshly-crowned NFL champion , maybe the voting should be postponed until after the conference title games or , at a minimum , until after the divisional round .
Regardless , if the votes were being cast today , Wilson would be the clear winner . And whoever wins the actual award will know it .
And Wilson will have even more focus and quiet motivation to prove that he 's the best of the bunch .
And next year , he 'll be even better .
0 Chicken plant workers say chemicals sprayed on carcasses making them sick
Producing 26 million pounds of chicken a day , Georgia is the poultry capital of the nation .
The poultry industry employs over 100,000 people in the state and contributes $ 28 billion to the state 's economy ; but U.S. Department of Agriculture inspectors and workers in poultry plants across the southeast say the process of preparing chicken for grocery store shelves has made them sick .
“ This is my morning breakfast , ” said former USDA inspector Sherry Medina , referring to her collection of pill bottles . Medina said her day starts with a regimen of medications and oxygen .
“ I 've never had asthma in my lifetime , was never born with it , never had it – was diagnosed in 2007 , ” said Medina .
Medina worked a chicken processing lines for years . As a USDA inspector , her job was to inspect chicken carcasses as they came down the line . Medina said it was n't until 2006 when the poultry processing plant she was working in implemented the spraying of anti-microbial treatments that she slowly started to notice health issues .
Experts on both sides of the issue explain what 's in the chemicals , why they 're being used and the alternatives being used chicken plants in other countries .
“ My nose is starting to burn . I can feel my face is starting to burn . It 's burning now . My throat , chest ; it never stops burning , ” USDA inspector Beth Summers said describing the symptoms she suffers from as she comes to work each day .
After four years of inhaling these chemical treatments , Summers said , “ My face right now…It never stops , burns all the time . ”
Summers worked the same chicken processing line as Medina at a Tyson plant in Albertville , Alabama . Tyson is not the only poultry processing plant that uses these chemical compounds , it is a practice used across the country to prevent deadly bacterial outbreaks .
“ The idea is to kill the salmonella , ” said Dr. Mike Doyle the Director of Food Safety at the University of Georgia .
Doyle 's team works with various food industries to develop ways to detect , control and eliminate harmful bacteria . Doyle said the industry is constantly looking for effective ways to kill deadly pathogens .
“ The industry it 's continually feeling pressure from the USDA to continually reduce the level of salmonella in poultry , ” said Doyle .
“ It is the industry 's little secret , ” said Amanda Hitt , with the Government Accountability Project 's Food Integrity Campaign .
She said the industry is under pressure to keep the levels of deadly bacteria down , and do it in the most cost-effective way , “ they just blast them with these chemicals and send them on their way to your store shelves . ”
Hitt said she is n't satisfied with the level of testing done on these chemical compounds prior to their implementation , especially when it comes to worker safety .
These anti-microbial washes can include a variety of chemical compounds , including solutions containing chlorine , Peroxyacetic acid , cetylpyridium chloride , lactic acid and others .
Doyle recently patented a formula that uses levulinic acid to kill harmful bacteria . Doyle said his research shows it is more effective that current washes on the market and could be a safer alternative for workers in poultry processing plants , but is currently more expensive than other solutions on the market , adding that he hopes that he expects it to be a more affordable option in the near future .
“ These products are strictly regulated by the USDA and the FDA , ” said Mike Giles of the Georgia Poultry Federation . Giles said the anti-microbial washes have a proven track record and the industry goal is to offer the public safe , affordable poultry , adding that poultry companies value worker safety and want employees to notify them if they have any safety concerns .
The FDA says washes containing compounds like , peroxyacetic acid are safe .
“ The antimicrobial chemicals sprayed on chicken carcasses , such as hydrogen peroxide and peracetic acid , which quickly breaks down to oxygen and acetic acid - the sour component of vinegar , will either decompose , evaporate , or are rinsed away before the food reaches the consumer , ” said a statement issued by the FDA .
According to the USDA , since 2006 , the use of chemical compounds have reduced salmonella contamination by 75 percent .
“ I think the big issue is , how do we get safe , pathogen free poultry on our dinner table . What the poultry industry has done for some years is that , instead of making sure the chicken and turkeys are free of pathogens before they get to the processing plants , ” said Jaydee Hanson , a Senior Policy Analyst with the Center for Food Safety .
Hanson argues that other countries have been able to limit bacterial contamination without the use of what he calls “ caustic chemicals . ”
Hanson said often contamination occurs prior to the processing plants .
“ It 's really hard not to have pathogens spread through a whole flock when the operations are as crowded as most of our chicken sheds are . As they get bigger , chicken cages are stacked on top of each other , so if a sick animal has a pathogen , its droppings land on the animal below , ” said Hanson . “ There are ways to raise chicken in ways that do n't spread disease , ” he said .
The European Food Safety Authority , or EFSA , recently approved the use of peroxyacetic acid solutions to be used as an anti-microbial wash for poultry . On both sides of the debate here in the United States , EFSA is regarded as the leading authority on food safety . Hanson notes that while EFSA approved the use of peroxyacetic acid , they have banned the use of washes containing chlorine compounds , which are used here in the United States .
“ The average consumer is n't interested in a side of bleach with their chicken , I think they 'd prefer barbeque sauce , ” said Hitt . “ The industry is n't really quick to let the [ public ] know what it takes to get a carcass ready for consumption . ”
“ When used properly in a process environment , they are extremely safe , ” said Giles of these solutions .
“ We have to balance the economics with the salmonella and potential for contamination , ” said Doyle . “ Do you want to pay more for your food , considerably more ? Or do we want to continue to have some of the less expensive food in the world ? ” he said .
Complaints like Medina 's and Summer 's are not unique ; poultry plant workers from across the country have submitted affidavits to the Food Integrity Campaign detailing similar issues .
“ Anything from skin rashes to burning eyes , but things that are far more severe , like burns or respiratory issues ; things like asthma or chronic bronchitis , ” said Hitt describing the complaints she has heard from workers .
“ It is pretty widespread , hearing them all over the nation , ” said Stan Painter the Chairman of national union representing USDA inspectors . “ The only time , as the union we can get them to come and check it out is when people are already getting sick . ”
The poultry industry maintains the chemical solutions are used to maintain the highest possible food standards .
“ It is not being done at the expense of worker safety , ” Giles said .
Medina has filed a lawsuit against Tyson claiming her work environment was “ toxic , ” she states , “ If you 've got everybody out there with the same problems , respiratory infection , bronchitis , ear aches , sinus infection ; when you have these same effects with six people at a shift , it ai n't one putting on . ”
“ I think the average person does care that people might be suffering because of how their food is produced , we do n't want our food to be produced at the cost of people getting sick or people dying , ” said Hanson . “ These big chicken companies can really change how they do this . In some cases when consumers and groups like ours have pushed on companies , they have changed . ”
Response from Tyson spokesman Gary Mickelson :
My friend and blog fan Lee Jaffe shared with me this wonderful photo of Bob washing at Cane River Falls Jamaica . For those who do not know , Lee Jaffe was a member of The Wailers , playing harmonica on the classic album Natty Dread . He also organized their first North American tour .
In 1977 , he produced one of the most important , if not the most important , albums of the classic era of roots reggae : Legalize It . He also took the iconic cover photo for the album .
He has produced albums for Joe Higgs , The Wailing Souls , and Barrington Levy .
He is an immensely talented photographer , and one of the first to capture candid photos of Bob Marley .
He graciously shared this photo that he took circa 1972-'73 , so I am sharing with all of you . I hope to do a full profile on Jaffe in the near future .
© Lee Jaffe
www.leejaffe.com
See Lee Jaffe in the new film “ MARLEY ” by Academy Award-winning Director Kevin McDonald . Opening worldwide April 20 , 2012 .
Seven people died and at least 25 were injured in a fire that broke out on the 14th floor of a 21-storey building in Mumbai 's Chandivali around 5.30 pm Saturday but the loss could have been more tragic but for a brave pizza delivery boy . Among those killed , four were reportedly trapped inside the building 's lift and died of suffocation .
ndtv
Eagle Boys pizza delivery boy Jitesh Ahire , 21 , had reached phase 1 of the Lake Home complex to deliver a pizza when he noticed a crowd gathered outside the phase 3 building . He immediately entered the building to find scared residents clogging the staircase without a clue as to the next step . Pushing his way through , Ahire reached the 14th floor and grabbed a fire extinguisher only to find it was n't enough to make a difference to the raging blaze . He tried to use the hose pipe meant for fire fighting , but found it too heavy to manoeuvre . Returning to the staircase , Ahire found four children and 15 senior citizens trembling with fear . He calmed them and led them down to safety .
A massive fire erupted in a a Mumbai high-rise on Saturday , killing 7 . Posted by Indiatimes News on Sunday , 7 June 2015
The fire , which broke out in three apartments on the 14th floor of the residential complex located near Powai Lake around 4 pm , spread to the 15th and 16th floors within minutes , was said to have originated when an air-conditioner caught fire in Vidya Sunderraj 's flat no 1403 . Burning parts of the air conditioner then fell onto a leather sofa , which added to the blaze . It was doused within a couple of hours , but rescue workers were not able to reach the victims , who were trapped inside the lifts and in the passageways for at least four hours .
pti
Do n't Miss 94.2 K SHARES 48.3 K SHARES 64.9 K SHARES 19.2 K SHARES 35.2 K SHARES
Even as panic-stricken residents scrambled to move to safety , at least two non-residents put their lives on the line to save as many as they could . Social worker Tausif Shaikh , however , lost his life when he went back in and took the lift . `` People were screaming for help . A middle-aged man I was carrying down the stairs died in my arms of suffocation . I wished I could have saved him , '' Ahire told Mirror . Even as Ahire was battling smoke and panic inside , social worker Tausif Shaikh who was passing by spotted smoke billowing out of the 14th floor . He immediately rushed into the building and made his way up even as his family tried desperately to stop him .
`` Tausif rushed to the building and went to the floor from where the fire started . He managed to save one person and brought that person down . Tausif , however , decided to go back up again in order to save more people who were stuck upstairs , '' an inconsolable relative said while speaking to Mumbai Mirror . Tausif 's decision to go back and take the lift cost him dearly . His body along with two others were recovered by fire brigade officials . Tausif is survived by a wife , three children , parents and a younger sister . His body was taken to Hiranandani Hospital where over 150 persons including relatives and well-wishers descended .
`` Tausif is known in our area for his social work . He has a heart of gold . See how many people have come to the hospital , '' his neighbour Salim Khan said . A shocked resident , Lalit Idnani , whose family stays on the 14th floor , blamed the Mumbai fire brigade for delay in the rescue operation . His house is right next to flat no 1403 , which caught fire on Saturday .
Speaking to Mumbai Mirror , Idnani said , `` I was at work when my brother Gaurav called and told me about the fire . My mother Kiran has asthma and my father Ashok also has health issues . They were trapped in for nearly four hours . When I came home , I repeatedly asked the fire brigade to help . But they kept arguing among themselves . Finally , I met chief fire officer Pralhad Rahandale , who then evacuated my family in just 20 minutes . ''
Idnani said his parents were in a state of deep shock . `` We believe the fire started due to a spark in the AC of flat no 1403 . I do n't know what state my house is in , but I have brought my parents to my house in s neighbouring building , '' he said . He said the fire brigade needed better coordination . `` Luckily , we were saved , '' he said . Five of the deceased have been identified as Ashwin Bhatia , 55 , S Soni , Tauseef Shaikh , 25 , Amar Sarkar , 30 , and Babu Lohar , 25 . The incident comes less than a month after four firemen , including chief fire officer Sunil Nesarikar , died in a fire in a building in Kalbadevi on May 10 .
Initial reports said that the rescue workers did n't realise there were people trapped in the lift , and their bodies were discovered hours after the fire had been doused . A Fire Brigade source said , `` We have confirmation that at least seven people have died of suffocation and burns . Residents were warned to not get inside the lift but went in nevertheless . It appears that the fire was caused by an air-condition compressor blast . ''
At the time of going to press , 14 of the injured were rushed to the Hiranandani Hospital in Powai . The bodies of the seven victims were also kept at the Hiranandani Hospital . Chief Fire Officer Prahlad Rahangdale said most of the victims were trapped between the 14th and the 15th floors . `` Three flats on the 14th floor caught fire and we managed to rescue at least 17 residents , '' he said .
Originally published in the Mumbai Mirror | Inputs from Indiatimes
These are the telecommunication companies that , by order of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , must provide to the NSA telephone metadata for all calls originating or terminating in the United States , as described in a Jan. 3 , 2014 FISA court order .
Here , the Obama administration explains Reasonable Articulable Suspicion , a standard by which the government may query the trillion-plus metadata phone records to combat terrorism , as outlined in a Feb. 5 , 2014 FISA court filing .
This page identifies those being targeted for surveillance of electronic communication such as email , despite allegations that the NSA wrongly scooped up `` tens of thousands '' of such communications by American citizens , as detailed in a Oct. 3 , 2011 FISA Court order .
Here is a page noting the `` sole purpose '' of the bulk telephone metadata program , as described in a August 29 , 2013 FISA Court opinion .
This FISA court opinion from March , 2009 , cites the number of metadata records the NSA receives `` per day , '' and explains what they do n't pertain to .
Here are the docket numbers referenced in what is believed to be the first FISA court opinion authorizing the bulk telephone metadata program , as included in a May 24 , 2006 FISA court opinion .
On this July 4th holiday when the nation goes through the annual ritual of celebrating its history and praising itself for the freedoms it gained from the British 237 years ago , it is sobering to realize that it has , almost casually , allowed the government to gut those very freedoms leaving just a brittle , hollowed-out shell that looks good on paper but has little or no substance .
Take for instance , torture . It is universally regarded as a horrible crime worthy of condemnation and severe punishment for its practitioners . One of the biggest scandals is that not a single person who was responsible for the torture programs in the Bush and Obama regimes ever went to jail or suffered even the slightest consequences for committing torture , authorizing torture , sending people to be tortured in other countries , or providing the ‘ legal ' cover for torture .
But there is one person who did go to jail over the torture issue and that is CIA officer John Kiriakou . But he was prosecuted not for committing any of those acts but for whistleblowing about them , revealing not only the existence of torture but confirming for the first time that the US government was committing the ghastly act of waterboarding . He was convicted of passing along classified information to a reporter and is now serving a 30-month prison sentence that began in February .
A little over a month ago , Kiriakou sent a letter describing what life is like for him in jail and the interactions he has had with other inmates . It provides a fascinating glimpse of life inside and the unexpected friendships and alliances that form within those walls .
Then a couple of days ago , he wrote an open letter to fellow whistleblower Edward Snowden giving him advice on what to do . Like the previous letter , it is handwritten .
He warns that the US is “ devolving into a police state with the loss of civil liberties that entails ” and thanks Snowden for trying to prevent it . He calls most members of Congress “ mindless lemmings ” that will follow “ the national security leadership over the cliff ” but that there are a few ( unnamed ) “ clear thinkers ” who should be cultivated .
He ends with the most important advice :
Finally , and this is the most important advice that I can offer , DO NOT , under any circumstances , cooperate with the FBI . FBI agents will lie , trick , and deceive you . They will twist your words and play on your patriotism to entrap you . They will pretend to be people they are not – supporters , well-wishers , and friends – all the while wearing wires to record your out-of-context statements to use against you . The FBI is the enemy ; it 's a part of the problem , not the solution .
Kiriakou should know . Earlier , he had described how the FBI tried repeatedly to entrap him .
Even as I write this , I am astonished at what I am describing : a nation in which we are warned that the government is our enemy and that the law enforcement agencies are out to get us if we so much as look sideways at them and their criminal practices . It is astonishing that it has come to this under a president who is supposedly a professor of constitutional law , who promised transparency and commitment to the rule of law , and , most incredibly , is the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize .
For months , Democrats have accused President Donald Trump and his presidential campaign of colluding with Russian officials to win the White House . Then they accused Trump of obstructing justice when he fired FBI Director James Comey . All of this was in an effort to try and remove Trump from the White House .
But because those allegations are almost completely unfounded , a group of two dozen congressional Democrats are now supporting an effort to remove Trump from the White House using the Constitution 's 25th Amendment .
Rep. Jamie Raskin ( D-Md . ) earlier this year introduced a bill that proposes to create a congressional `` oversight '' panel to investigate whether or not Trump is `` incapacitated . '' If the panel declares Trump mentally unable to carry out the duties of his office , then they can remove him from office .
Except there 's only one caveat : they would need Vice President Mike Pence 's approval .
The 25th Amendment was ratified in 1967 in response to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and several other medical crises with prior presidents . The amendment establishes the presidential line-of-succession , procedures for filling a vice presidential vacancy and what to do when the president becomes `` incapacitated . ''
Section 4 of the 25th Amendment allows a majority of the president 's Cabinet , along with the vice president , to determine the president is `` unable to discharge the powers and duties , '' then provide that determination in writing to Congress resulting in the president being dismissed from office . This is the only section of the 25th Amendment that has never been used .
But Raskin 's bill highlights some largely overlooked language in Section 4 of the 25th Amendment . In addition to a majority of the president 's Cabinet , the amendment also allows a majority of Congress to reach the same conclusion to remove the president — along with the vice president 's approval , still .
In either of these cases , once the president is determined to be `` incapacitated , '' the vice president immediately becomes acting president .
More from the Daily Mail :
Raskin 's bill would allow the four Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and Senate to each choose a psychiatrist and another doctor . Then each party would add a former statesman — like a retired president or vice president . The final group of 10 would meet and choose an 11th member , who would become the committee 's chairman . Once the group is officially seated , the House and Senate could direct it through a joint resolution to conduct an actual examination of the president `` to determine whether the president is incapacitated , either mentally or physically , '' according to the Raskin bill . In the case of Raskin 's plan , the Constitution holds that both houses of Congress would hold a vote within three weeks . If two-thirds majorities in the House and Senate agreed that the president could n't discharge his duties , he would be dismissed .
Because Section 4 of the 25th Amendment has never been used , it 's not clear what the process would actually look like or what kind of mental `` incapacitation '' makes the president unfit to perform the duties of his office .
But Raskin believes the nation is facing a crisis in regards to Trump 's mental health and believes the 25th Amendment provides the country with an `` escape route . ''
`` In case of emergency , break glass , '' he told Yahoo News on Friday . `` If you look at the record of things that have happened since January , it is truly a bizarre litany of events and outbursts . ''
As of Friday , two dozen Democrats have signed onto Raskin 's bill as co-sponsors , including former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D-Fla. ) and Rep. John Conyer ( D-Mich. ) , the longest tenured member of Congress . And after Trump 's controversial tweets on Thursday criticizing MSNBC hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski , Raskin says more Democrats signed on .
`` I 've had tons of inquiries , and lots of colleagues have been talking to me about it , '' Raskin told Yahoo . `` I 'm convinced most Americans believe we are living in a very strange reality . The question is , what are the escape routes we have , and the 25th Amendment is one of them . ''
So far , no Republicans have sponsored the legislation , considering an effort to remove Trump using the 25th Amendment is seen as a move motivated by political differences , not actual medical incapacitation .
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:41:32 # 2
time to make LR !
will this be cast/covered ?
how about when/where/etc ? tytyty awesometime to make LR ! will this be cast/covered ? how about when/where/etc ? tytyty Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
Azera Profile Blog Joined December 2010 3796 Posts # 3 Wheres Flash ? Check out some great music made by TLers - http : //bit.ly/QXYhdb , by intrigue . http : //bit.ly/RTjpOR , by ohsea.toc .
GTR Profile Blog Joined September 2004 47912 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:44:36 # 4
I will be there on the day along with kjwcj and MrHoon .
as I 'll be tweeting results and games on the day . This will be on the 19th ( next Thursday ) . No idea as to whether this will be broadcast.I will be there on the day along with kjwcj and MrHoon . Follow me on Twitter ( @ TL_GTR ) as I 'll be tweeting results and games on the day . Commentator Twitter : @ GTR1H
Stream : http : //www.twitch.tv/GTR1H
ES.Genie Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 1370 Posts # 5 So what 's the format ? No Mvp , no care . ~ the King will be back | Shawn Ray , Kevin Levrone , Phil Heath |
ProxyKnoxy Profile Joined April 2011 United Kingdom 2570 Posts # 6 Where is Flash ? `` Zealot try to give mariners high five . Mariners not like high five and try to hide and shoot zealot ''
Teoita Profile Blog Joined January 2011 Italy 11453 Posts # 7 On July 13 2012 18:39 Azera wrote :
Wheres Flash ?
I think he 's seeded in the later rounds since he 's in the ro4 of this osl I think he 's seeded in the later rounds since he 's in the ro4 of this osl Mussolini Mod Protoss all-ins are like a wok . You can throw whatever you want in there and it will turn out alright .
hyptonic Profile Joined June 2011 1621 Posts # 8 When is it ?
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts # 9 july 19th iirc Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
bgx Profile Joined August 2010 Poland 6587 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:44:53 # 10 This gon na be brutal .
Stork BaBy , Leta , FBH one group : / Stork [ gm ]
ProxyKnoxy Profile Joined April 2011 United Kingdom 2570 Posts # 11 Oh yeah Flash/Fantasy/Zero/Jangbi are seeded `` Zealot try to give mariners high five . Mariners not like high five and try to hide and shoot zealot ''
OnFiRe888 Profile Joined October 2010 United States 629 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:46:52 # 12 what day ?
edit : herp derp `` Life is n't measured by the breaths you take , but by skill in Starcraft ''
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts # 13
sort-of not really Bisu is going to make it this time , I have faith ! sort-of not really
Caihead Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 8514 Posts # 14 Group B looks hard for stork .. am I thinking of the right game ? Yea . `` If you 're not living in the US or are a US Citizen , please do not tell us how to vote or how you want our country to be governed . '' - Serpest , American Hero
Caihead Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 8514 Posts # 15 I was looking at group A going `` light is screwed he has like no zergs in his group '' then I remembered it 's not BW any more ; _ ; `` If you 're not living in the US or are a US Citizen , please do not tell us how to vote or how you want our country to be governed . '' - Serpest , American Hero
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:48:21 # 16 On July 13 2012 18:46 Dodgin wrote :
Bisu is going to make it this time , I have faith !
sort-of not really Bisu is going to make it this time , I have faith ! sort-of not really
Well it feels like he got one of the easier groups imo . Definitely doable .
Besides , he 's got to a win a game or two sometime right -__- Well it feels like he got one of the easier groups imo . Definitely doable.Besides , he 's got to a win a game or two sometime right -__- # DeleteGyro
Antares_ Profile Joined October 2011 Poland 267 Posts # 17 On July 13 2012 18:41 ProxyKnoxy wrote :
Where is Flash ?
Flash , Fantasy , ZerO and JangBi are seeded . Flash , Fantasy , ZerO and JangBi are seeded . If you make no mistake , yet still lose - you do n't understand the game . Spiral out , keep going .
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts # 18 do you know format , maps ? bo3 ? etc ?
= ] Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
Caihead Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 8514 Posts Last Edited : 2012-07-13 09:51:28 # 19
Group A : Action
Group B : ( lol Lizzy )
Group C : Neo.G_Soulkey
Group D : EffOrt
Group E : Wooki
Group F : ( sorry Stats )
Group H : Horang2
Group I : Crazy-Hydra
Group J : HoeJJa
Edit : Holy crap I came out with zero terrans . Here 's my Anti-SKT Pro KT fanboy predictions : Group A : Group B : Stork ( lolGroup C : Group D : Group E : Group F : Jaedong ( sorryGroup H : Group I : Group J : Edit : Holy crap I came out with zero terrans . `` If you 're not living in the US or are a US Citizen , please do not tell us how to vote or how you want our country to be governed . '' - Serpest , American Hero
Dapper_Cad Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United Kingdom 956 Posts # 20 On July 13 2012 18:39 Azera wrote :
Wheres Flash ?
I did n't follow the OSL too closely when it was BW so I wanted to know too .
http : //wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/OnGameNet_Starleague
`` Of the 40 OSL players , those who finish in the top four of the previous OSL are rewarded with what is called a seed . Seeded players are guaranteed a spot in the second round of the next OSL . ''
I believe that 's where he is . In the next round ... or the round after that , not 100 % sure I grasp it yet . I did n't follow the OSL too closely when it was BW so I wanted to know too . `` Of the 40 OSL players , those who finish in the top four of the previous OSL are rewarded with what is called a seed . Seeded players are guaranteed a spot in the second round of the next OSL . `` I believe that 's where he is . In the next round ... or the round after that , not 100 % sure I grasp it yet . But he is never making short-term prediction , everyone of his prediction are based on fundenmentals , but he does n't exactly know when it will happen ... So using this kind of narrowed `` who-is-right '' empirical analysis makes little sense .
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
You can use the previously created Vagrant box to run the code snippets from this article .
Why types ?
In the first part of the article we 've seen that HACK was actually statically typed . This means that you must provide types for all the variables in your application . As a reminder , PHP is dynamically typed so that you never need to type your variables although you can use type hinting for function arguments .
But wait , does that mean that you have to provide types for every single variable of your application ? Not exactly , and we are going to see the details .
-- ADVERTISEMENT --
Facebook 's codebase is composed of hundreds of millions of lines of code and adding types everywhere before they can switch to HACK would have been a real burden . So they 've come with “ gradual typing ” : HACK expects types in “ strict ” mode only . In non-strict mode types would only be taken in account where they are present .
Entering the strict mode is as easy as switching the HACK start tag from < ? hh to < ? hh // strict .
Even in strict mode you need not annotate all the variables . That 's because HACK is smart enough to infer local variable types . Type annotations are only ever required for class properties , function arguments and return values . I would otherwise recommend annotating local variables when it could help the understanding of your code .
Let 's look at an example :
< ? hh // strict require `` /vagrant/www/xhp/php-lib/init.php '' ; // ... function add ( int $ a , int $ b ) : int { return $ a + $ b ; } // ERROR ( calling `` add ( ) '' on l.17 ) : Argument 2 passed to add ( ) must be an // instance of int , string given echo < p > add ( 1 , `` a '' ) = { add ( 1 , `` a '' ) } < / p > ; // ERROR ( calling `` add ( ) '' on l.22 ) : Argument 2 passed to add ( ) must be an // instance of int , string given function add_array ( array < int > $ a ) : int { return array_reduce ( $ a , `` add '' , 0 ) ; } echo < p > add_array ( [ 1 , `` a '' ] ) = { add_array ( [ 1 , `` a '' ] ) } < / p > ;
The sample code for this section is located at www/type-checker/index.php and you can see its output by pointing your browser to http : //localhost:8080/type-checker/ .
The first error message is not surprising : calling add ( 1 , `` a '' ) generates an error because add ( ) expects the second argument to be an integer .
The second error message is more unexpected : the error is not generated by calling add_array ( [ 1 , `` a '' ] ) . It 's actually the call to add ( 1 , `` a '' ) inside of add_array ( ) which generates the error ! One could have expected that passing [ 1 , `` a '' ] would trigger an error because it 's not an array < int > .
The thing is that the HHVM runtime check is sparse in order not to impact performance : it does n't iterate over objects . At this point you would probably question the usefulness of the HACK type system ! But do n't worry , there is an easy answer , the “ type checker ” : it would catch any type mismatches including the one from the previous example . Do n't look for it in the HHVM repository , it has n't been released by Facebook yet .
The type checker is implemented as a server that watches your files for changes . Whenever it detects a change , it will scan the modified file together with its dependencies for errors . The errors are reported real-time so that you do not even have to run the code . It has been designed to work really fast even at FB 's scale .
You should now be convinced that the type system works great , but what are the benefits ? It allows catching developer errors in real-time , producing more efficient code : A PHP add ( ) function would first have to check the types of $ a and $ b ( i.e . string , null , … ) possibly convert them to numbers and only then perform the addition . Whereas with HACK the add ( ) function above adds two non-null integers which is a very fast operation in assembly language ( as generated by the HHVM JIT ) .
If as a developer you are already using PHP type hinting and PHPDoc annotations , switching to the strict mode should be a no-brainer . Your code will become safer and faster – note that some existing QA tools , like Scrutinizer already use type inference to check your code , though they 're not real-time .
If you use PHP mostly because of its dynamically typed nature then you probably want to stick to the non-strict mode .
User attributes
The use of annotations has dramatically increased in the PHP world during the last years . For those who are not familiar with annotations , they are metadata you can add to classes , interfaces , traits , variables and functions/methods .
The Doctrine ORM has probably been one of the first PHP projects to make an extensive use of annotations . Below is an example of a model configuration from the Doctrine documentation :
< ? php / * * @ Entity * / class Message { / * * @ Column ( type= '' integer '' ) * / private $ id ; / * * @ Column ( length=140 ) * / private $ text ; / * * @ Column ( type= '' datetime '' , name= '' posted_at '' ) * / private $ postedAt ; }
PHP , unlike many other languages , has no built-in support for annotations . However , the Doctrine annotation library is widely used to extract metadata from Docblocks . An RFC proposing built-in support for annotations in PHP has been declined back in 2011 .
User attributes is the Facebook implementation of annotations . They are enclosed in < < … > > and their syntax differs a little from Doctrine annotations :
< ? hh require `` /vagrant/www/xhp/php-lib/init.php '' ; < < UA ( 'klass ' , [ 'type ' = > 'class ' ] ) > > class klass { protected $ prop ; < < UA ( [ 'type ' = > 'function ' ] ) > > public function funktion ( < < Argument > > $ arg ) { } } $ rc = new ReflectionClass ( klass ) ; $ rm = $ rc - > getMethod ( 'funktion ' ) ; $ ra = $ rm - > getParameters ( ) [ 0 ] ; // On class // array ( 'UA ' = > array ( 0 = > 'klass ' , 1 = > array ( 'type ' = > 'class ' , ) , ) , ) // On method // array ( 'UA ' = > array ( 0 = > array ( 'type ' = > 'function ' , ) , ) , ) // On argument // array ( 'Argument ' = > array ( ) , ) echo < div > < h1 > User annotations < /h1 > < h2 > On class < / h2 > < p > { var_export ( $ rc - > getAttributes ( ) , true ) } < / p > < h2 > On method < /h2 > < p > { var_export ( $ rm- > getAttributes ( ) , true ) } < / p > < h2 > On argument < /h2 > < p > { var_export ( $ ra- > getAttributes ( ) , true ) } < / p > < / div > ;
You should note that the user attributes are , unsurprisingly , accessed from the reflection API . Also note that the support for annotating on class properties is still to be implemented .
The sample code for this section is located at www/attributes/index.php and you can see its output by pointing your browser to http : //localhost:8080/attributes/ .
XHP
By now you should have a foretaste of what XHP is as we have been using it from the first code example of this article . Let me quote Facebook for a more complete definition “ XHP is a PHP extension which augments the syntax of the language such that XML document fragments become valid PHP expressions. ” . Note that XHP is available as a PHP extension and that HHVM has native support .
With XHP , you can use < h1 > { $ hello } < /h1 > where you would have use `` < h1 > $ hello < /h1 > '' with vanilla PHP . While the previous example is trivial , XHP has more to offer :
it would validate your markup so that you can not write invalid HTML – think missing closing tags , typos in parameter names , …
it provides some level of contextual escaping – as the engine is aware of what you are rendering , it could escape HTML and attribute values appropriately to prevent XSS attacks ,
you can write your own tags by extending or wrapping existing tags .
Let 's look at an example :
< ? hh require `` /vagrant/www/xhp/php-lib/init.php '' ; $ examples = [ 'hello ' = > 'Hello HHVM / HACK ' , 'promotion ' = > 'Constructor argument promotion ' , 'collections ' = > 'Collections ' , 'types ' = > 'Types and Generics ' , 'type-checker ' = > 'The type checker ' , ] ; // The XHP validation should be disabled for better performance in production // : x : base : : $ ENABLE_VALIDATION = false ; class : tuto : examples extends : x : element { // examples , current are required attributes array examples @ required ; attribute string current @ required ; // forbid to explicitly add children children empty ; protected function render ( ) { $ select = < select onchange = `` window.location.href=window.location.pathname + ' ? ex= ' + this.value '' / > ; foreach ( $ this - > getAttribute ( 'examples ' ) as $ name = > $ label ) { $ selected = $ name === $ this - > getAttribute ( 'current ' ) ; $ child = < option selected = { $ selected } value = { $ name } > { $ label } < / option > ; $ select - > appendChild ( $ child ) ; } return $ select ; } } $ folder = preg_replace ( '/ [ ^-_a-z0-9 ] / ' , `` , isset ( $ _GET [ 'ex ' ] ) ? $ _GET [ 'ex ' ] : `` ) ; function getTheCode ( $ folder ) { // ... } echo < html > < head > < title > '' XHP generated index '' < /title > < / head > < body > < tuto : examples examples = { $ examples } current = { $ folder } / > { getTheCode ( $ folder ) } < /body > < / html > ;
The full sample code for this section is located at www/hhxhp/index.php and you can see its output by pointing your browser to http : //localhost:8080/hhxhp/ .
In this example we start by defining a custom < tuto : examples > tag that will render a < select > tag , this is done by declaring a class : tuto : examples . Our custom tag will require two attributes , examples and current but is not allowed to have children ( children empty ; ) .
As we are extending the base : x : element , we should override the render ( ) method to return our custom markup as XHP .
Facebook uses the XHP language as the foundation for its UI library which might eventually get open sourced as well .
Asynchronous code execution
I had plans to write a section about asynchronous code execution after having seen some tests in the HHVM repo . However I was not able to come with a working example . It might be due to my little understanding of the topic or the fact that Facebook has not released all the related code yet . I might write about this once Facebook releases some documentation .
Other features
There are a lot of things about the HHVM ecosystem that were not covered by this article , both because I had to make choices on what to include and because Facebook has not released all the code and documentation yet .
A few things that are worth mentioning are the recent support for FastCGI and the integrated debugger .
Facebook has also showcased “ FBIDE ” , a web based IDE featuring auto-completion , syntax highlighting , collaborative editing and more . We could expect it to be available at some later time .
External ressources
You can find more information in some talks and slides from the Facebook team that I have used to prepare this article . I first heard of HACK by listening to the “ taking PHP seriously ” talk from Keith Adams and another great talk from Julien Verlaguet . Sara Golemon 's nice slides were also really helpful to me .
Conclusion
Facebook is committed to provide feature parity with PHP for the HHVM . By the end of last year , HHVM was already able to pass 98.5 % of the unit tests for 20+ of the most popular PHP frameworks . The situation has slightly improved since then .
As of today the HHVM executes PHP code faster than PHP while consuming less memory . That will be a significant advantage in favor of HHVM when the parity is eventually achieved . On top of that you can start introducing HACK to gain even more performance and improve code safety with the help of the type checker – remember you do n't have to convert your whole code base at once thanks to the gradual typing and the fact that HACK and PHP are inter-operable .
In a few months from now , we can expect more documentation and tooling from Facebook . You could even help by contributing to the project on github , there is also a bounty program in place .
One of the problems reported by the PHP community which is probably a major obstacle for adoption is the lack of support for PECL extensions . To mitigate this , Facebook has a tool that can automatically compile PHP extensions for the HHVM target ; the success rate is far from 100 % though . The other thing that could help here is that developing an extension for HHVM is much easier than developing for PHP .
The fact that HHVM is backed by Facebook alone , and the need to sign a CLA before contributing to HHVM seem troublesome to others .
I do personally think that a fair amount of competition is a great thing for the future of PHP .
To conclude , I would like to thank the Facebook team for the amazing job they 've done and to have open-sourced it . If you would like to see more SitePoint articles on HHVM and HACK in the future do not hesitate to suggest topics by adding a comment below .
`` Running with the Devil , Part 2 '' : In the basement of the Ace Chemical Processing Plant , Joker chokes Harley Quinn into unconsciousness with a chain after she refused to let him cut off her face . She wakes , thinking that his monstrous
Well , are n't you a peach ? There are a ton of things I hate about myself , but my face is n't one of them , so I think I 'll keep that . -- Harley Quinn
Contents show ]
Appearing in `` Running with the Devil , Part 2 ''
Featured Characters :
Supporting Characters :
Villains :
Other Characters :
Locations :
Items :
Vehicles :
Synopsis for `` Running with the Devil , Part 2 ''
In the basement of the Ace Chemical Processing Plant , Joker chokes Harley Quinn into unconsciousness with a chain after she refused to let him cut off her face . She wakes , thinking that his monstrous return might have been a dream , but he assures her it is real , and that she needs to have her memory refreshed about what it means to be with him - by being dunked back into the vat of chemicals that created them both .
From Belle Reve , Amanda Waller and Yo-Yo watch the events through special remote camera lenses in Harley 's eyes , with the latter wondering why he 's been allowed to be in on it . Waller explains that she is trying to gain his trust . She wants him to be her spy within the Suicide Squad . In exchange , she will see that he gets what he wants most - respect .
Waller believes that Joker truly loves Harley , and he is trying to kill her because he hopes that it will bring her back to him . Harley has other plans , as she wraps her ankles around his neck , rips free of her strait-jacket , and leaps to safety , leaving him dangling precariously over the edge of the chemical vat .
He has her covered , though , as he sets their pet hyenas on her . She is outraged that he intentionally infected them with rabies in order to make them turn on her . He responds that he did it to make them act out of pure instinct , unfettered by emotional attachments . This is what he needs to do to her too . Like he stripped himself of his last vestiges of humanity when he had his face removed , she must go through the same to become something more than what she is .
With no other options , Harley sadly kills her babies , snapping Lou 's jaws apart , and sending Bud hurtling into the chemical bath . Angrily , she warns the Joker that she will kill him too , for what he 's done . He does n't believe she has it in her , though , and is surprised when she lands a punch on his jaw .
Disappointed , Joker realizes that Harley 's transformation was all an act . Somewhere deep inside her , she was always Harleen Quinzel , and never completely like him . As he tells her of this , he bites a chunk out of her ear . While she buckles from the pain , he resumes his plan to cut off her face , but she fights back , hammering his head hard against a wall . Disgustingly , his face remains stuck to it , and he must peel it off and re-attach it .
Harley feels as though all of this Harley/Harleen talk is just a means of confusing her , and realizes that his bite on her ear was poisoned . Changing her tone , she admits that she never felt right doing what they did together - but she did love him . When she was offered the chance to do something different , she took it and liked it , but she loved him still . She kisses him , but bites off the tip of his tongue , spitting it out and adding that merely loving him does not mean that she belongs with him .
Angrily , he kicks her in the gut and drags her into a darkened room , chaining her to the wall . Rather than give her the satisfaction of dying or prison , he will lock her away with the others . He reveals the skeletons surrounding them , and claims that they were all previous Harleys - failures like her . She will stay there and die , and no one will ever know what happened to her . Locking the door behind him , he announces that he has business to attend to , and leaves her there .
Hours later , Waller and Captain Boomerang spot a figure approaching the Task Force X field-office , and realize that it is Harley . She wriggled free of her shackles , cutting and chaffing her wrists , but she escaped all the same .
Elsewhere , Deadshot - whose funeral was only just held - wakes up in a hospital bed .
Notes
This book was first published on December 12 , 2012 .
No special notes .
Trivia
No trivia .
See Also
Recommended Reading
'We do n't want you ' : Cruz clashes with protesters Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Ted Cruz confronted Donald Trump supporters in Marion , Indiana , Monday . ( CNN Photo ) [ + - ] Video
MARION , Ind . ( WISH ) -- Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz was thrust into a tense confrontation with Donald Trump supporters during an Indiana campaign stop Monday .
`` I appreciate you coming out , '' Cruz said to a man holding a pro-Trump sign reading `` Make America Great Again . ''
The Texas senator was leaving The Mill restaurant in Marion with fellow Republican Gov . Mike Pence when he noticed a group across the street hoisting Trump signs and shouting `` lying Ted . '' Cruz crossed the street and confronted them .
`` I think everyone who runs for president owes it to the people of this state to come in front of you and ask for support , '' Cruz said . `` I 'm running to be everyone 's president . '' The confrontation lasted more than seven minutes .
`` We do n't want you , '' the man yelled while waving a Trump sign a few feet away from the Texas senator . He repeatedly called Cruz `` lying Ted . ''
Watch the full encounter in the video below .
`` When Donald does n't get to 1,237 , are you going to ask him to drop out ? '' Cruz said , referencing the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination .
`` Donald 's definitely going to get 1,237 , '' the protester responded . `` He 's going to get more than 1,237 . ''
When Cruz asked what the man admired about Trump , the protester responded , `` everything . ''
The argument touched on immigration , foreign policy and the second amendment . Cruz 's words were not enough to win the group over . They shouted `` vote Trump '' as the senator walked away .
Cruz has the support of Pence and hundreds of others who showed up to meet the senator Monday .
Cruz said Indiana is pivotal to his campaign . A recent Wall Street Journal poll shows him trailing Donald Trump by 15 points in the state .
John Lake is a Cruz supporter who shook hands with the candidate in Marion .
`` He may not get the nomination this time , but I think he 's on the right side of history when it comes to the Republican party , '' Lake said .
If Cruz does not get the nomination , Lake said he will reluctantly vote for Trump .
`` Anybody but Hillary , '' he said . `` So you 'd have to vote for Trump and hope for the best . ''
There 's a saying that is sometimes attributed to Karl Marx or Slavoj Zizek—apocryphally , in both cases—that tidily sums up the existential angst some Americans feel at the start of a traditional work week :
You do n't hate Mondays . You hate capitalism .
The simple thesis here is that there 's nothing intrinsic to “ Monday , ” which is just a word we 've invented to delineate every seventh day , that makes your average 9-5 worker miserable . The despair comes from the system , which invests “ Monday ” with meaning—this is the day you return to the cycle of repetitive , unsatisfying labor that fills you with loathing and anxiety . This system is the thing you should rage against ; this is the thing you should change . “ Monday ” is a metonym , but a deceptively harmful one—a metonym in camouflage—because it has a way of diverting a person 's attention from the boot heel that is grinding her soul into dust . Instead , she takes the oppressive system as a given , and transfers her negative emotions to an inanimate , meaningless symbol— ” Monday ” —that is both immutable and impervious , since it is , very basically , nothing more than a day of the week . You may as well get mad at a rock . The dual effect of this transference is to deny the person any chance at changing his circumstances—since blaming Mondays instead of capitalism turns potential activism into fatalism—and to shield the system from criticism and reform .
Okay . So you may have seen the situation on United Flight 3411 earlier today , when a passenger was forcefully dragged from his seat by cops after refusing to leave despite being randomly selected as a result of United over-booking the flight . It 's a disturbing scene , but no more so than any number of disturbing scenes you may have witnessed online :
@ United overbook # flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane . Here 's how they did it : pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW — Jayse D. Anspach ( @ JayseDavid ) April 10 , 2017
Paste 's Jacob Weindling summarized it thusly :
So to recap , in a blind pursuit of profit , United overbooked the flight , did n't offer enough to entice anyone to get off the plane , then in order to get their own employees on the flight , they removed ticketed passengers , and when one would n't comply with their orders , they called the cops to pull a supposed doctor off the plane—bloodying his face in the process .
Weindling also answered the reflexive question : “ Well , what were they supposed to do ? ”
I have an idea : do n't overbook the flight in the first place , and then make other people pay for your incompetence and greed…watching a multi-billion dollar business hire police to forcibly remove a paying customer not doing anything illegal is a jarring reminder of who really controls this country . Corporations clearly are n't people , because citizens do n't have anywhere near this much power in the United Corporatist States of America .
Already , United is being demonized online , which is both satisfying and warranted . But let 's tell the deeper truth here—United made a dumb decision , but essentially they just got unlucky that the problem landed on their laps , and it was their dirty laundry that got aired . They are a cruel agent , without a doubt , but they are not some lone wolf—they are a product of an indifferent system that increasingly devalues individual life , and that system is called America .
We are the country where :
—The social safety net , once the strongest in the world , has been gradually dismantled by both major parties over three decades , leaving the poor and working classes vulnerable to increased poverty and immiseration .
—Labor unions , the only reliable form of protection for the American worker , have likewise been gutted as power amasses in the hands of corporations .
—There is virulent opposition from our elected representatives to the idea of universal health care ; a system that is a reality in every other major western country . Our current tepid foray into universal waters , Obamacare , is compromised to its core by the overbearing influence of the pharmaceutical industry , and even this very small step forward would have been dismantled if only congressional Republicans could have agreed on the same plan to strip insurance from 24 million more Americans .
—Our economy is designed to transfer wealth and income into the pockets of those who need it least , and any opposition to this structural inequality is treated as political radicalism .
—Our current president won , in large part , because he represented a philosophy of fear and hatred toward outsiders . We will start wars in foreign countries that destabilize whole regions for no gain , but we will not accept refugees who have suffered unspeakably—sometimes at our hands—in these same countries . We will , in fact , contravene our stated principals of accepting the tired , the poor , the huddled masses , and actually enact policies designed to remove aspiring citizens from our country , to break up families , and further marginalize those who have nothing .
—Our police are empowered to shoot and kill our own citizens for dubious reasons , and—especially if the victim happens to be a minority—escape all prosecution .
—Harmful free trade agreements have been passed to milk profit from globalism , with no thought given to the loss of jobs , money , and dignity for American workers , or the slave wages and environmental destruction unleashed abroad .
—The agency designed to protect the environment in our country is now controlled by climate change deniers , which mortgages the future for our children and grandchildren and puts us further behind in a race we were already losing .
—What the hell , let 's repeat that one , since it seems important : Our planet is dying , and far from solving the problem , we 're now one of the world leaders in making it worse .
The reality is plain : United Airlines is not the disease . United Airlines is a symptom of an infected country whose institutions of power no longer respect the dignity or the sanctity of the individual life . They do n't care about you . ( While you 're here , read this excellent thread by Patrick Blanchfield about power and conformity . )
It is commendable and necessary to direct your outrage at this particular corporation , on this particular day , but keep the larger truth in mind :
You are not mad at United Airlines ; you are mad at America .
I was looking for something completely different when I stumbled on an old thread about How Not to Become a Police Pilot on the Professional Pilot 's Rumour Network . The story starts with a rumour that a Police helicopter pilot was being prosecuted at Leicester Crown Court .
Apparently , the man became friendly with some pilots at the East Midlands Police Air Support Unit . He told the staff that he was a freelance helicopter pilot and owned his own helicopter . He clearly loved helicopters and was interested in a ride-along with the Air Support Unit , but as no passengers are allowed on police operation flights , it was n't possible .
Then they received a brand-new helicopter , The Eurocopter 135 .
The Eurocopter EC 135T is the most common air support aircraft used by the British police . It is equipped with daytime and night vision video equipment and a large torch , as powerful as 30 million candles . The helicopter downloads images to police control rooms as the footage is filmed . A standard crew is three : a pilot , a police observer in the front and a rear police crew member in the back , controlling the camera systems and assisting with navigation .
At the same time , a vacancy came up for a pilot in the East Midlands Police Air Support Unit . Our man suddenly realised that if he applied for the job , he might get the chance to fly in the helicopter .
His application was by all accounts phenomenal , “ put him in the John Farley league ” as one person described it . He told them that he had his Airline Transport Pilot Licence for Aircraft and Helicopters , the highest level of pilot licence available , along with airline hours with British Airways , experience with the corporate helicopter field and that he already held all the appropriate type ratings for the Eurocopter 135 . He told them that he had had enough of airlines and wanted a change .
In reality , he had obtained his private pilot 's licence two years before . He had no other qualifications . The CV he submitted was “ almost entirely fantasy . ”
The pilots of the Air Support Unit knew him from his visits and his stories about flying his helicopter . They backed his application and he was taken up for a flight in the EC135 .
Full credit to the man 's piloting abilities , he handled the helicopter well and no one realised that he was n't qualified to fly the bird . He then received a further five hours Police Operations line training in the EC135 before his formal interview which he passed with flying colours . He was clearly the best candidate for the job and was told that , as soon as he produced his licence , flying records and references , he would be offered a contract .
Of course , he did not have the paperwork to back up his claims and the story quickly unravelled around him .
Luckily , he had an extremely competent barrister who argued to dismiss most of the charges . Here 's what the barrister had to say about the case :
The Defendant faced 6 different charges . During legal argument at the beginning of the trial , the Prosecution had to concede that they simply did not have the evidence to support 5 of them . To succeed , they would have to prove that the Defendant was to be paid ( ie a “ pecuniary advantage ” ) for the operational flights he performed . Closer examination of the evidence confirmed the Defence argument : There was no agreement that he was ever going to receive payment for those flights , therefore he had not obtained a pecuniary advantage . The Prosecution conceded the point and Not Guilty verdicts were recorded .
A pecuniary advantage is a financial advantage . The offence of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception was repealed by the Fraud Act 2006 but , at the time of this case , it was still in force . There are three elements to this charge :
There must be a deception
There must be causation
There must be the obtaining of a pecuniary advantage
So the barrister 's argument was there was no financial advantage . He was obviously going to get caught . He never expected to get the job but only wanted to fly with the Air Support Unit as a part of the interview process . He received what he expected : training but no salary .
Even as the situation progressed , he clearly could n't start work until he produced his paperwork confirming his experience and ratings : paperwork which did n't exist . He never attempted to supply any documents . Instead , the pilot withdrew his application , proving that he was n't interested in the contract ( and was not interested in getting paid ) . He simply wanted a free ride in the shiny helicopter . Do n't we all ?
The Prosecution then applied to add a completely new charge to the indictment namely that he had dishonestly obtained ‘ services ' ( training ) by deception . The Judge was agreeable in principle to this application . However , we argued the new charge was based upon a misinterpretation of the relevant law which requires there to have been an agreement or understanding that the services obtained would be paid for . After further legal argument , the Prosecution again conceded that was correct , and that they could not prove this essential element of the offence because there was no agreement that he would pay for his training . The Prosecution withdrew the application to add the new charge .
That left one charge remaining , which was swiftly dropped .
To obtain a conviction , the Prosecution would have to prove that the Defendant was actually offered the job/contract . They overlooked the fact that he was not . He was told that , subject to production of his ATPL , flying records , satisfactory references from previous employers , and getting through Police security vetting etc , if everything was in order , he would then be offered a contract . He withdrew his application , was not offered the contract , therefore did not obtain a pecuniary advantage . ( If he had been offered the contract , the offence would have been complete at that point . Withdrawing later would be mitigation , but not a defence . ) In theory , the Prosecution could have alleged an attempt to obtain the job . However , on the facts of this particular case , they would then have to prove he was actually attempting to obtain the job ( rather than free rides and training ) without being able to provide any of the items referred to above . Dishonest he may have been , complete fool he clearly is not . If I could n't secure an acquittal on that remaining charge in those circumstances , I 'd think it was time to hang up my wig and gown and apply for a job with the CAA . ( Not that they 'd have me ! )
A local newspaper ran the story with the blaring headline POLICE LET AMATEUR FLY THE FORCE HELICOPTER . According to the article , Lamb paid £1,750 to cover the cost of his flights with the East Midlands Air Support Unit . He 's quoted as saying his fascination for police aviation got the better of him and he regretted his actions .
I bet he does n't regret the flight , though ! Would you ?
If you enjoyed this post , you 'll probably like these :
Why not subscribe to the mailing list ? Receive Fear of Landing in your inbox every Friday evening by filling in this form :
Image copyright AFP
There are many reasons why Greece finds itself in a precarious financial position , one of which is its poor record at collecting tax . But is it really true that in 2010 the government collected only 10 % of the tax it was due , asks David Rhodes .
A graphic published by the Washington Post on Sunday suggested that 89.5 % of the country 's tax receipts remained uncollected in 2010 .
In Germany the corresponding figure was just 2.3 % , the newspaper 's Wonkblog reported .
This left many social media users claiming that the root cause of Greece 's problems is that the vast majority of its taxpayers that year simply did n't pay their taxes .
Image copyright Washington Post
But that is a mistake .
The widely misinterpreted figure of 89.5 % comes from an OECD report ( see table 6.16 ) which actually relates to historic tax debts - not tax that Greece was due to collect from its citizens in 2010 .
The reason the figure is so big , according to tax blogger Richard Murphy , has to do with the way the Greeks have been keeping their accounts .
`` Sensible tax authorities take a view on this issue every year and say , 'We 'll write off a proportion of our tax debts that we know we are never going to recover . ' Greece , though , is recording this extraordinary large number because they have n't bothered to write off their old debts .
`` This is an accounting anomaly . ''
Greece does indeed have a `` massive '' tax collection problem , Murphy says , but it certainly has n't been failing to collect 89.5 % of taxes owed in any one year .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Greece cut VAT on restaurant meals in August 2013
So how much tax did the Greeks collect in 2010 ?
In fact , no reliable figure seems to be available - at least , not as a proportion of the overall amount of tax that should have been collected .
What we do know is that , according to the OECD , in 2010 the Greek government collected 70.3bn euros ( $ 93.1bn ) , or 34 % of the country 's total gross domestic product ( GDP ) - slightly below the EU average of 38.5 % .
Tax collected in 2010 Country Percentage of GDP Italy 41.7 Germany 38.3 UK 35.5 Greece 34.0 Source : Eurostat
In part this is because Greece has a large `` shadow economy '' - earning money without paying income tax , or perhaps avoiding paying VAT .
You might assume that businesses in the construction industry or tourism might be the main culprits when it comes to tax evasion , but a report published earlier this year by a group of US academics found that the primary tax-evading industries in Greece included medicine , law , engineering , and the media .
A study quoted by the IMF suggests that between 1999 and 2010 the shadow economy in Greece made up 27 % of the country 's GDP - compared to an average of 20.2 % in other rich countries .
That means that nearly one in four euros that potentially could be taxed in the country 's economy simply were n't declared to the authorities , and the Greek government missed out on approximately 28bn euros ( $ 31bn ) of additional revenue each year .
But Richard Murphy , who has studied the size of the shadow economy in Europe , says Greece is not as bad as some of its neighbours .
`` Greece has a problem but Bulgaria , and Romania are worst . Italy is up there alongside it . But it is an issue which has clearly contributed to the current Greek crisis , '' he says .
Shadow economy in 2009 ( estimate ) Country Percentage of GDP Greece 27.5 Italy 27.0 Germany 16.0 UK 12.5 Source : Tax Research UK
There is also evidence to suggest that the Greeks are n't very good at collecting taxes even outside the shadow economy .
In 2011 , an OECD survey ranked Greece as one of the worst rich countries in the world at collecting VAT receipts and social security payments .
When the OECD had tried to do similar surveys between 2005 and 2009 they found that the data was simply `` missing '' .
As part of any deal that will see Greece remain inside the Eurozone its international creditors are demanding that the Syriza government enacts a range of tax reforms .
This includes simplifying the VAT system , closing tax loopholes and creating an independent tax collection agency free from government interference .
But Greece 's creditors have made similar demands before .
Image copyright AFP
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine 's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox .
Former Barcelona striker Patrick Kluivert and ex-Barca youth coach Sergio Lobera have emerged as candidates for the Ross County vacancy .
Kluivert , 38 , was assistant to Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup as the Netherlands finished third in Brazil .
He has yet to manage a club in his own right but did spend a year with FC Twente 's reserves and had spells at AZ Alkmaar and as NEC Nijmegen assistant .
Lobera was most recently in charge of Spanish second-tier club Las Palmas .
The 37-year-old helped bring through European and former world champions Pedro and Sergio Busquets while at the Nou Camp . He also spent a short time as assistant manager to the late Tito Vilanova two years ago .
Striker Patrick Kluivert scored 40 goals in 79 Netherlands appearances from 1994 to 2004
Kluivert helped Ajax to their famous 1995 Champions League triumph , scoring the winning goal against AC Milan in Vienna , and had a lengthy spell at Barça after a year at Milan .
He earned 79 caps for the Netherlands national team over a decade .
The Ross County board will begin considering candidates for Derek Adams 's replacement next week .
after a largely successful seven years in charge over two spells , with the club languishing at the bottom of the league with four straight opening defeats . His father George , who was director of football , also left the club .
I think an affiliation with the Highlands is really important Roy MacGregor Ross County chairman
Chairman Roy MacGregor confirmed Kluivert had applied for the job .
`` I can not believe the quality of applicants , '' MacGregor told BBC Scotland .
`` We have had a really good response . That response five years ago would never have happened and it would n't have happened two years ago .
`` The credit for putting Ross County on the map is back to George and Derek and I 'd like to thank them for that .
`` The calibre of applicant has been really good . ''
Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Hibernian boss Terry Butcher has also been mentioned in connection with the job .
`` I believe Terry [ Butcher ] is under garden leave with Hibs , '' explained MacGregor .
`` He certainly was a motivator [ at Inverness ] , he did a wonderful job there . He has an affiliation with the Highlands .
`` I think an affiliation with the Highlands is really important and that they understand what our area is about . ''
Melting sea ice displaced these 10,000 walruses With nowhere else to go , the animals are congregating on shore
There 's no shortage of data and charts out there making the case that Arctic sea ice decline is a real and persistent problem . But the point is also made pretty strongly by this photo taken Friday by researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) . It depicts over 10,000 Pacific walruses huddled on the shore of Alaska 's northwest coast , unable to find their usual ice floes .
According to the researchers , the walruses have been hauling themselves ashore since mid-September . For them to do so is a `` relatively new phenomenon , '' said Megan Ferguson , a marine mammal scientist with the NOAA . From the Associated Press :
Advertisement :
Pacific walrus spend winters in the Bering Sea . Females give birth on sea ice and use ice as a diving platform to reach snails , clams and worms on the shallow continental shelf . As temperatures warm in summer , the edge of the sea ice recedes north . Females and their young ride the edge of the sea ice into the Chukchi Sea . However , in recent years , sea ice has receded north beyond continental shelf waters and into Arctic Ocean water 10,000 feet deep or more where walrus can not dive to the bottom . Walrus in large numbers were first spotted on the U.S. side of the Chukchi Sea in 2007 . They returned in 2009 , and in 2011 , scientists estimated 30,000 walruses along one kilometer of beach near Point Lay .
That so many of the animals are packed in one place poses a stampede risk . The U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service is working to keep people and airplanes from spooking the herd . It 's unclear how the government shutdown has affected this effort , or the NOAA 's plans to continue to monitor the area .
We 've been informed by one of our users that there is a nice grayscale icon theme for GIMP 2.8 available .
At the Blog Linux for Designers by Eckhard M. Jäger there is a nice theme available that makes all of the GIMP icons gray unless one tool is activated ( colored then ) . Besides that the font is also made smaller to give you more space you can use to pimp your photos .
Download the Icon Theme Extract the file into your user space /.gimp-2.8/themes
A folder will be created named ProGimp . Restart GIMP and go to Edit / Preferences / Theme and choose the “ ProGIMP ” . It should be activated instantly . It should then look like the theme you can see in the screenshot to the right
Great stuff !
Thanks , Bart , for the tip !
Tina Fey ( Mario Anzuoni/Reuters )
Tina Fey recently took aim at college-educated white women who supported Donald Trump .
“ A lot of this election was turned by white , college-educated women who now would like to forget about this election and go back to watching HGTV , ” the actress and comedian said during a star-studded Facebook Live fundraiser for the American Civil Liberties Union . “ You ca n't look away because it does n't affect you this minute , but it 's going to affect you eventually . ”
Fey made the comments during a conversation that centered largely on women 's reproductive rights . She sat down with Donna Lieberman , executive director of the ACLU in New York , and Louise Melling , the organization 's deputy legal director , during an interview segment of Friday 's four-hour-long telethon fundraiser .
A-list celebrities including Tina Fey , Amy Poehler and Alec Baldwin star in this campaign video released by ACLU ahead of a March 31 telethon fundraiser . ( ACLU via AP )
At the end of the brief interview , Fey made one final plea :
“ I personally would like to make my own pledge to college-educated white women to not look away , not pretend that things that are happening now wo n't eventually affect me if we do n't put a stop to it , ” she said .
Exit polls show that Hillary Clinton 's weakness among white women voters was one of the reasons she lost the presidency .
[ Trump won because college-educated Americans are out of touch ]
The Clinton campaign knew that she needed white women — specifically the college educated — to win the presidency . ( Sixty-one percent of white women without a college degree supported Trump , while only 34 percent voted for Clinton , according to network exit polling . )
“ Everything 's about swing voters , ” a senior Clinton campaign official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss campaign strategy , told The Washington Post 's Philip Rucker . “ We know that white suburban women are critical for both parties . . . and the lowest hanging fruit for expansion among that group is more likely to be college-educated white women . ”
But while Clinton had the support of the 52-percent majority of white women with college education , she did not do much better than Barack Obama did in 2008 , John F. Kerry in 2004 , Al Gore in 2000 and Bill Clinton in 1996 .
To put some context in Fey 's comments , white women with college degrees have not always favored Democrats or Republicans during presidential elections .
They supported Hillary Clinton last year , Obama in 2008 , Gore in 2000 , and Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1996 . But they have also supported Republican candidates : Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1984 , George H.W . Bush in 1988 , George W. Bush in 2004 and Mitt Romney in 2012 .
White women , college educated or not , also have largely supported Republican presidential candidates since Richard Nixon . In 2012 , for instance , 56 percent of white women voted for Romney , while 42 percent supported Obama . The only exceptions were 1992 and 1996 , the two times Bill Clinton won the presidency .
Another explanation : Women , particularly white women , simply were not enthusiastic about Hillary Clinton despite her historic bid to be the first female American president .
[ The Daily 202 : College-educated white women are Hillary Clinton 's firewall ]
One voter in particular , Maya Chenevert , a community college student from Columbus , Ohio , told The Post ' Karen Tumulty that she would love to see a female president , but she does n't think Clinton — with all her political baggage — is the right woman for the job .
Network exit polls showed that 59 percent of white women had an unfavorable view of Clinton . Even higher , 65 percent , said she 's dishonest .
Susan Kolod , a New York psychologist , has another theory about why women largely supported Trump instead of the first female presidential nominee : The country is not quite ready to see a female president .
“ It may go back to stereotypical gender roles , ” Kolod told The Post 's Lisa Bonos . “ Even though things have changed a lot , most people have a mother and father — and their father is seen as the more powerful person . … He 's the one who 's going to make the decisions . ”
Friday 's telethon fundraiser is n't the first time Fey spoke publicly about the election .
In December , while accepting an award during the Hollywood Reporter '' s Women in Entertainment breakfast , she joked about why she thinks Clinton lost .
“ But I have to say , I think the real reason that Hillary lost — and it 's the thing that people are afraid to talk about : not enough celebrity music videos urging people to vote … I just think if there had been , like , one more funny rap , or like , another “ Hamilton ” parody , or something , ” Fey said .
She also has not held back in her criticism of the president . She said in an interview with David Letterman in December that the country “ is in a bit of a throwback moment ” following Trump 's victory .
“ I definitely came out of last month feeling misogyny is as much more real than two years ago . But the thing I worry about [ more ] than actual human interaction is the Internet . Because that 's just despicable : people just being able to be awful at each other without having to be in the same room , ” she said . “ It 's metastasizing now , thanks to our glorious president-elect who ca n't muster the dignity of a seventh-grader . ”
1 of 83 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at President Trump 's first 100 days View Photos The beginning of the president 's term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media . Caption The beginning of the president 's term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media . March 17 , 2017 President Donald Trump , first lady Melania Trump and their son , Barron , walk to Marine One at the White House en route to Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Fla. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
READ MORE :
For the Trump White House , celebrating Women 's History Month can be awkward
Women , Hillary Clinton among them , stand up for April Ryan , Maxine Waters — they ‘ were simply doing their jobs '
‘ We march for the 53 percent of white women who voted for that other guy '
If you have n't already seen Netflix 's newest sitcom , Lady Dynamite , light a candle and say a prayer before you begin streaming . I realize I 'm about to sound completely cliché but this show is off-the-wall wacky , hilarious , and still emotionally raw . Now for transparency 's sake , the language is at times crass , outright vulgar even , but what you get out of this 30 Rock/Arrested Development/Curb Your Enthusiasm triangular sitcom love-child is sheer brilliance . A show within a show filled with flashbacks , present day and sort of half-flashbacks , Lady Dynamite juxtaposes the over-the-top comedy of star Maria Bamford with her personal reality of mental illness and bipolar disorder .
Bamford 's whacked-out brand of self-deprecating alternative comedy combined with her eclectic friends , 1980s time-warped agent and celebrity cameos all prepare you for the “ Duluth ” flashback scenes which are set between an outpatient mental health facility and her childhood home . The subtlety of Duluth features Bamford in pajamas for days on end , participating in semi-therapeutic group exercises and creating personal goals while managing a sense of normalcy in a place that 's usually a taboo subject .
Bamford 's character , aptly named Maria Bamford , often jokes about her recovery , casually mentioning that she 's hopped up on anti-psychotic meds , attempting to repair multiple damaged relationships or the need to stop her incessant , unnecessary apologies . It is in these moments that the audience is presented with a front row seat of what it 's like to live with a mental illness . Yet , the most deeply resonating moments are when she laughs about contemplating suicide 18 hours a day . Living with bipolar disorder means wavering between manic or hypomanic phases which usually feel pretty good . It 's when the depression hits that often times lands the individual in an ER or psychiatric facility . The depressive side is terrifying for both the patient and those surrounding them , however Lady Dynamite offers us a sense of healing . Seeing Maria 's character is happy and determined in the present it ensures us of her survival from the darkest days of depression and her attempt to reclaim her life , career and friends .
While mental illness , particularly those with more severe symptoms like bipolar , is nothing to joke about , this show does n't mock mental illness at all . Rather , it provides every day , relatable situations as seen from the viewpoint of someone with a mental illness . When you struggle with mental illness , you feel as if you 're being pulled in 100 different directions , trying to say yes and please everybody because you know the guilt of saying “ no ” can trigger negative symptoms , all while trying to focus on yourself . It 's incredibly difficult to do and emotionally draining . Maria Bamford knows this better than anyone . From the comments of her friends , family , agent , and people she meets , mental illness is sometimes blamed , laughed at or mocked out of sheer ignorance . Bamford 's character is constantly being manipulated by her surroundings and she knows it , almost to the point that her illness is being taken advantage of but it does n't bring her down . In fact , it 's never triggering a mental health crisis .
Lady Dynamite makes me want to scream into a sponge too when I feel overwhelmed , but not in a bad way . What Maria Bamford has done is brought the struggles of mental illness to the public and create social discourse hidden inside a colorful world of surreal characters and moments . Yes , Lady Dynamite does make mental illness seem a bit more fun than it really is but that itself provides hope .
Originally posted on Buzzfeed 7/13/16
SEATTLE , WA — ( club release ) In front of a crowd of 3,521 fans , Seattle Reign FC earned a point in a 1-1 draw against Sky Blue FC to open the 2017 National Women 's Soccer League season . This was the first of three meetings between the two squads .
MATCH PHOTOS : Tom Jones Gallery
With the tie , Reign FC ( 0-0-1 , 1 pt ) remains undefeated through their past six NWSL matches going back to the 2016 season . Seattle 's all-time record against Sky Blue is still even at 3-3-5 .
“ Last year we could 've lost that game for sure , ” said Seattle Reign FC head coach and general manager Laura Harvey . “ We said before the game we have to have grit and determination and a mentality of proving the critics wrong because everyone 's written us off , and I think tonight we showed we have that . ”
Reign FC came out quickly , almost scoring within the opening five minutes of the match . Megan Rapinoe sent a cross to Nahomi “ Naho ” Kawasumi on the back post , who then chipped the ball to a trailing Jess Fishlock . Fishlock 's header was just over the crossbar .
After the quick start , Haley Kopmeyer was called into action several times . The first came in the 17th minute , when Leah Galton came into the box trailing the run of play . The ball fell to Galton who fired a shot at Kopmeyer , who was able to make the save .
In the 31st minute , Kelly O'Hara had a shot from a tight angle in the box . Kopmeyer dove to parry the ball out for a corner kick that would be cleared by the defense .
The teams entered the half tied 0-0 . The first goal of the match came in the 56th minute , after Rapinoe finished the penalty kick opportunity she earned after being fouled by Erica Skroski . It was Rapinoe 's first-ever goal against Sky Blue .
“ I had let Laura know I was comfortable taking [ penalties ] and would take them if she wanted that , ” said Rapinoe .
Sky Blue 's goal also came from a penalty kick , just eight minutes after Seattle 's . O'Hara was fouled in the box by Merritt Mathias , and Sarah Killion converted the resulting penalty to even the score 1-1 .
Kopmeyer was named player of the match for her performance , making eight saves on the night . This was the first season opener Kopmeyer has started for the club .
“ The more involved you are , the easier it is to get that rhythm and keep that rhythm versus games where you 're out there like 80 minutes and then all of a sudden you 're called on to make a save , ” said Kopmeyer . “ Being in the league this long I was more like alright I got to calm the people in front of me down and make sure they settle in and feel comfortable . ”
Before the match , Reign FC honored Keelin Winters as a Reign FC Legend for her career with the club . The team captain from 2013 to 2016 , Winters retired at the end of last season and will become a firefighter at the Kirkland Fire Department this May .
Today 's result gives Reign FC one point to open the season , good for fourth place on the NWSL table . Seattle and Sky Blue were the only teams to tie on opening day , with the Houston Dash , Portland Thorns FC , and North Carolina Courage earning wins .
“ We have a really short preseason , and anywhere else in the world you have preseason for three months whereas we have it for five weeks , ” said Harvey “ This to me is we 're still in preseason a little bit , because we have to be . I think that showed in every game today . The quality is the thing that was probably lacking across the board . ”
Up next , Reign FC hosts Houston Dash on April 22nd at 7:00 p.m. PT . The last meeting between the two teams ended in a 3-2 victory for Seattle to close out the 2016 NWSL season and improve their perfect record against Houston to 7-0-0 .
NWSL Match Report
Match : Seattle Reign FC ( 0-0-1 , 1 pt ) vs. Sky Blue FC ( 0-0-1 , 1 pt )
Date : April 15 , 2017
Venue : Memorial Stadium
Kickoff : 7:00pm PT
Attendance : 3521
Weather : Sunny
Scoring Summary :
SEA – Rapinoe ( PEN ) 56 '
NJ – Killion ( PEN ) 62 '
Lineups :
Seattle Reign FC : Kopmeyer , Pickett , Barnes , McNabb , Mathias , Fishlock , Yanez , Nairn ( Dallstream 74 ' ) , Rapinoe ( Stott 86 ' ) , Elston ( Utsugi 66 ' ) , Kawasumi
Substitutes Not Used : Corsie , Reed , Schiffel , Johnson
Sky Blue FC : Sheridan , Skroski , Freeman , Pearce , Mills , Galton ( Hayes 83 ' ) , Killion , Rodriguez , Lytle ( Corboz 73 ' ) , Kerr , O'Hara
Substitutes Not Used : Casey , Stanton , Simon
Stats Summary : SEA/NJ
Shots : 11 / 9
Shots on Goal : 5 / 6
Saves : 8 / 4
Corner Kicks : 4 / 4
Fouls : 5 / 2
Offside : 5 / 1
Misconduct Summary :
SEA – Mathias ( Yellow ) 62 '
Officials :
Referee : Karen Abt
Assistant Referees : Jeremy Weed , Cephas Quartson
Fourth Official : Levi Rippy
About Seattle Reign FC
Seattle Reign FC is one of ten teams in the National Women 's Soccer League . The two-time winner of the NWSL Shield , Reign FC features world-class talent from around the world , including USWNT superstar Megan Rapinoe . Reign FC plays its home matches at Memorial Stadium , located in the shadow of the Space Needle on the Seattle Center campus . For more information about Reign FC please visit http : //www.reignfc.com .
# LetItReign
While President Trump talks tough on trade , Europe and Japan are getting on with business .
Negotiators from the European Union and Japan say they 're close to striking a major free trade agreement that could jump-start talks for other potential deals .
`` An ambitious EU-Japan deal would send a powerful signal to the rest of the world that two of the largest economies are resisting protectionism , in favor of openness , of trade and investment , '' Cecilia Malmstrom , the EU 's top trade official , said this week .
Related : Trump could start a trade war this week
The EU and Japan , which together account for more than a quarter of the global economy , traded roughly $ 140 billion of goods last year , according to EU data . The deal they are negotiating now would help boost that number .
Japan wants to remove high EU tariffs on products such as cars and electronics , and is also seeking lower regulatory hurdles for Japanese companies doing business in Europe . The EU is pushing for improved market access for agricultural products and lower tariffs on food products such as cheese , pasta , pork and wine .
American business could lose out
An agreement could put some U.S. businesses at a disadvantage .
`` If the Japan-EU agreement is reached , Europe will be able to export agricultural products like pork and cheese to Japan with lower tariffs , '' said Junya Tanase , head of Japan foreign exchange research at JP Morgan . `` This means that the U.S. agricultural sector will face some disadvantages in the competitiveness of exports to Japan . ''
The U.S. had its own chance to gain better access to markets in Japan , the world 's third largest economy , through the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , the trade deal designed to reshape trade around the Pacific Rim . But Trump pulled the U.S. out of it at the start of his presidency , much to the dismay of Japan and other signatories .
Related : Japan and Canada want to resurrect Pacific trade deal Trump killed
Japanese and European negotiators are attempting to reach a deal ahead of next week 's G20 summit of world leaders in Germany .
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida told reporters on Thursday that negotiations would continue into this weekend with the aim of concluding a deal at the G20 meeting .
Meanwhile , the Trump administration may be about to antagonize key trading partners , including the EU and Japan , by announcing big tariffs on steel imports this week .
After quitting the TPP , the U.S. has shown interest in reaching a separate free trade deal with Japan . The two sides held economic talks in April , but those have since been overshadowed by Trump 's push to renegotiate NAFTA with Mexico and Canada this summer .
However , an EU-Japan deal could prompt the U.S. to speed up the talks with Japan , JP Morgan 's Tanase said .
And those are n't the only negotiations that could benefit , said Frederic Neumann , co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC . He pointed to the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership , a China-led plan for a mega trade deal that has gained prominence since Trump torpedoed the TPP .
`` The EU-Japan deal keeps trade liberalization rolling along and raises the prospects of more bilateral and even multilateral deals being signed in the coming two years by Japan , '' Neumann said .
-- Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .
“ The BBC today announced that , following a review , it had decided to merge its Sport department with the PR team at Manchester United . A BBC spokesman said ‘ It seems silly to have two different teams pumping out PR for United so as the two departments are only a short distance apart , it made sense to merge them . ”
So-called ‘ fake news ' is apparently trendy these days there but recent actions of the supposedly impartial national broadcaster do make you wonder . On February 5th , City played Swansea at home . Had you been listening to the BBC Radio 5 Live ( “ The home of news and sport ” ) on the morning of the game however , you 'd not have been aware that it was even taking place .
In the five half-hourly news & sport bulletins on the station between 8am and 10am , the game was n't mentioned once . Naturally the later game between a certain other Manchester club and Leicester was mentioned each time . Somewhat bizarre when you think that the outcome of the game affected both the top and bottom of the Premier League . They were n't covering the game via a live commentary but even so , you 'd think it might get a mention on the self-proclaimed home of sport . Lest we forget , when those two clubs met , in May 2016 , the BBC published a graphic comparing the cost of the Leicester team with that of ours . When challenged on this , they claimed it was legitimate as our team ( as picked by them ) had cost more than anyone else 's .
But worse was to come , about an hour before kick-off , when the BBC MOTD Facebook page posted a picture of the distinctive and well-known City fan Pete Green , otherwise known as ‘ Pete the Badge ' . He 's been a fan for over 50 years , watching his beloved Blues in his familiar , badge-covered sky blue tracksuit , home and away . And that includes the days when you tended to hide your scarf outside many away grounds for fear of getting a kicking from home fans . The BBC had captioned the picture ( and I reproduce it as it was written ) “ He 's been going on Manchester City over 50 years . But today he has excelled himself – Bertie we salute you ” . Besides the bizarre grammar , using ‘ on ' rather than ‘ to ' , they referred to him as Bertie , a derogatory term for us used by United fans . With it being a Facebook page , followers of that page were able to comment on it an there were some that were insulting and unsavoury .
A sharp-eyed City fan picked up on this picture and highlighted it on Twitter , which is where I saw it and posted the photo and caption on the Bluemoon forum . A number of us submitted formal complaints to the BBC about this , as it appeared that the caption had been added by someone in their social media team . The club were also aware of it and spoke to the BBC , with the offending caption being changed , then the picture withdrawn completely . Within 24 hours ( which is unusual ) the complaints were answered by a stock response claiming that the picture had been sourced from a third party with the offending caption and that no one at the BBC had been aware of the significance of the name Bertie . This did n't seem to ring true at all and that impression was heightened when I was told by a source that managers at the BBC were very unhappy with whoever had done it , which did rather suggest it was done in-house .
BBC Editorial guideline 5.4.32 includes the following : “ BBC content must respect human dignity . …derogatory remarks aimed at real people must not be celebrated for the purposes of entertainment . ”
It is quite common for pictures to be sourced from libraries and it did n't take long to find out that the original picture belonged to the Press Association and that the caption for it had been “ A Manchester City fan at The Etihad ” . It also did n't take long for Gary James to point out that BBC Sport had done a feature of the use of the term ‘ Bertie ' barely 12 months earlier . On that evidence , it appears the BBC were lying through their teeth . As I write this , a few of us are intent on escalating this issue to the highest levels of the BBC or OFCOM . Also , the Manchester City team page on the BBC Sport website has n't been updated for 5 days at the time of writing , despite Pep having held the traditional press conference just the day before . So you can see why , for many of us , there appears to be very little clear blue water between the BBC and MUTV .
And to rub the point in even further , during the following week United launched a new commercial venture with a well-known Swiss Watch manufacturer . The deal involved publicising the launch of a ‘ club watch ' , retailing at the not inconsiderable price of £1,300 . The BBC 's online sports writer Simon Stone covered the event , tweeting pictures of United players undertaking a challenge which involved kicking a ball around a huge mock-up of a watch and trying to hit the numbers on the dial . This naturally prominently featured the sponsor 's name as did a couple of other tweets posted by Stone .
The BBC 's Editorial Guidelines are quite clear , referencing product endorsement a number of times . Guideline 14.4.4 says “ …we must :
The Clintons in 1992 ( Greg Gibson/AP )
President Trump treated “ Bill ” — as in Clinton — like a four-letter word during his campaign for the White House , but now Trump 's FCC chairman is invoking the 42nd president 's name in a positive way to help sell a plan to repeal a major Internet regulation .
“ We 're going to return to President Clinton 's framework , which existed from 1996 all the way until 2015 , ” Ajit Pai said Monday on “ Fox & Friends. ” “ Under that light-touch , market-based framework , we saw tons of investment in infrastructure . We saw companies like Facebook and Apple and Google become worldwide names . We saw consumers going online in unprecedented numbers . That is the kind of successful framework that was jettisoned in 2015 , when the Obama administration imposed heavy-handed rules . ”
Pai was talking about an Obama-era FCC rule mandating net neutrality , the principle that Internet providers should make all content available at the same speed . Consumers ' connection speeds still vary , but the current regulation prohibits an Internet provider such as Comcast from artificially speeding up some content ( like , say , videos on Hulu , a service Comcast partly owns ) or slowing down other content ( like , say , videos on Netflix , a Hulu competitor ) .
Pai argued that the net-neutrality regulation is unnecessary , saying “ the solution there is more competition. ” The idea is that Comcast could handicap Netflix to give Hulu an advantage but would n't because consumers would take their business to another Internet provider , such as Verizon or AT & T , instead .
Defenders of net neutrality contend that the real threat is to smaller companies — a video-streaming start-up , for instance , that can only compete with Hulu and Netflix if Internet providers distribute everyone 's content at the same speed . If Hulu and Netflix were allowed to buy faster distribution at a price that is cost-prohibitive for the start-up , then the start-up would fail , and consumers would have fewer options .
The FCC will vote on the net-neutrality regulation next month . Pai said he expects his repeal plan to be approved , 3-2 , on a party-line vote .
[ How to argue about net neutrality ( and why you should ) ]
Pai 's effort to frame deregulation as a return to Clinton 's policy is an attempt to blunt criticism by suggesting that the Trump administration 's view of the Internet aligns with that of a previous , Democratic administration .
But the Internet has changed a lot since Clinton left office in January 2001 and though the former president has not weighed in publicly on net neutrality , Hillary Clinton strongly favors preserving the regulation . Last week , she cheered a Democratic FCC commissioner who tweeted that it is “ time to save ” the rule .
Time to call foul .
Time to raise a ruckus .
Time to save # NetNeutrality.https : //t.co/4fFHWq3xvA — Jessica Rosenworcel ( @ JRosenworcel ) November 18 , 2017
You go girl ! This is important ; costs will go up , & powerful companies will get more powerful . We ca n't let it slip through the cracks . https : //t.co/js4agpzKeS — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) November 22 , 2017
Pai 's calculus appears to be that the Clinton name will help build broad support for his plan . His goal might be harder to accomplish with Hillary Clinton actively undermining it .
LATE one June afternoon in 1903 a hush fell across an expectant audience in the Royal Institution 's celebrated lecture theatre in London . Before the crowd , the physicist John Ambrose Fleming was adjusting arcane apparatus as he prepared to demonstrate an emerging technological wonder : a long-range wireless communication system developed by his boss , the Italian radio pioneer Guglielmo Marconi . The aim was to showcase publicly for the first time that Morse code messages could be sent wirelessly over long distances . Around 300 miles away , Marconi was preparing to send a signal to London from a clifftop station in Poldhu , Cornwall , UK .
Yet before the demonstration could begin , the apparatus in the lecture theatre began to tap out a message . At first , it spelled out just one word repeated over and over . Then it changed into a facetious poem accusing Marconi of “ diddling the public ” . Their demonstration had been hacked – and this was more than 100 years before the mischief playing out on the internet today . Who was the Royal Institution hacker ? How did the cheeky messages get there ? And why ?
It had all started in 1887 when Heinrich Hertz proved the existence of the electromagnetic waves predicted by James Clerk Maxwell in 1865 . Discharging a capacitor into two separated electrodes , Hertz ionised the air in the gap between them , creating a spark . Miraculously , another spark zipped between two electrodes a few metres away : an electromagnetic wave from the first spark had induced a current between the second electrode pair . It meant long and short bursts of energy – “ Hertzian waves ” – could be broadcast to represent the dots and dashes of Morse code . Wireless telegraphy was born , and Marconi and his company were at the vanguard . Marconi claimed that his wireless messages could be sent privately over great distances . “ I can tune my instruments so that no other instrument that is not similarly tuned can tap my messages , ” Marconi boasted to London 's St James Gazette in February 1903 .
That things would not go smoothly for Marconi and Fleming at the Royal Institution that day in June was soon apparent . Minutes before Fleming was due to receive Marconi 's Morse messages from Cornwall , the hush was broken by a rhythmic ticking noise sputtering from the theatre 's brass projection lantern , used to display the lecturer 's slides . To the untrained ear , it sounded like a projector on the blink . But Arthur Blok , Fleming 's assistant , quickly recognised the tippity-tap of a human hand keying a message in Morse . Someone , Blok reasoned , was beaming powerful wireless pulses into the theatre and they were strong enough to interfere with the projector 's electric arc discharge lamp .
Advertisement
The hush was broken by a ticking noise , the sound of a Morse code message . Then it got personal
Mentally decoding the missive , Blok realised it was spelling one facetious word , over and over : “ Rats ” . A glance at the output of the nearby Morse printer confirmed this . The incoming Morse then got more personal , mocking Marconi : “ There was a young fellow of Italy , who diddled the public quite prettily , ” it trilled . Further rude epithets – apposite lines from Shakespeare – followed .
The stream of invective ceased moments before Marconi 's signals from Poldhu arrived . The demo continued , but the damage was done : if somebody could intrude on the wireless frequency in such a way , it was clearly nowhere near as secure as Marconi claimed . And it was likely that they could eavesdrop on supposedly private messages too .
Marconi would have been peeved , to say the least , but he did not respond directly to the insults in public . He had no truck with sceptics and naysayers : “ I will not demonstrate to any man who throws doubt upon the system , ” he said at the time . Fleming , however , fired off a fuming letter to The Times of London . He dubbed the hack “ scientific hooliganism ” , and “ an outrage against the traditions of the Royal Institution ” . He asked the newspaper 's readers to help him find the culprit .
He did n't have to wait long . Four days later a gleeful letter confessing to the hack was printed by The Times . The writer justified his actions on the grounds of the security holes it revealed for the public good . Its author was Nevil Maskelyne , a mustachioed 39-year-old British music hall magician . Maskelyne came from an inventive family – his father came up with the coin-activated “ spend-a-penny ” locks in pay toilets . Maskelyne , however , was more interested in wireless technology , so taught himself the principles . He would use Morse code in “ mind-reading ” magic tricks to secretly communicate with a stooge . He worked out how to use a spark-gap transmitter to remotely ignite gunpowder . And in 1900 , Maskelyne sent wireless messages between a ground station and a balloon 10 miles away . But , as author Sungook Hong relates in the book Wireless , his ambitions were frustrated by Marconi 's broad patents , leaving him embittered towards the Italian . Maskelyne would soon find a way to vent his spleen .
One of the big losers from Marconi 's technology looked likely to be the wired telegraphy industry . Telegraphy companies owned expensive land and sea cable networks , and operated flotillas of ships with expert crews to lay and service their submarine cables . Marconi presented a wireless threat to their wired hegemony , and they were in no mood to roll over .
The Eastern Telegraph Company ran the communications hub of the British Empire from the seaside hamlet of Porthcurno , west Cornwall , where its submarine cables led to Indonesia , India , Africa , South America and Australia . Following Marconi 's feat of transatlantic wireless messaging on 12 December 1901 , ETC hired Maskelyne to undertake extended spying operations .
Maskelyne built a 50-metre radio mast ( the remnants of which still exist ) on the cliffs west of Porthcurno to see if he could eavesdrop on messages the Marconi Company was beaming to vessels as part of its highly successful ship-to-shore messaging business . Writing in the journal The Electrician on 7 November 1902 , Maskelyne gleefully revealed the lack of security . “ I received Marconi messages with a 25-foot collecting circuit [ aerial ] raised on a scaffold pole . When eventually the mast was erected the problem was not interception but how to deal with the enormous excess of energy . ”
It was n't supposed to be this easy . Marconi had patented a technology for tuning a wireless transmitter to broadcast on a precise wavelength . This tuning , Marconi claimed , meant confidential channels could be set up . Anyone who tunes in to a radio station will know that 's not true , but it was n't nearly so obvious back then . Maskelyne showed that by using an untuned broadband receiver he could listen in .
Having established interception was possible , Maskelyne wanted to draw more attention to the technology 's flaws , as well as showing interference could happen . So he staged his Royal Institution hack by setting up a simple transmitter and Morse key at his father 's nearby West End music hall .
The facetious messages he sent could easily have been jumbled with those Marconi himself sent from Cornwall , ruining both had they arrived simultaneously . Instead , they drew attention to a legitimate flaw in the technology – and the only damage done was to the egos of Marconi and Fleming .
Fleming continued to bluster for weeks in the newspapers about Maskelyne 's assault being an insult to science . Maskelyne countered that Fleming should focus on the facts . “ I would remind Professor Fleming that abuse is no argument , ” he replied .
In the present day , many hackers end up highlighting flawed technologies and security lapses just like Maskelyne . A little mischief has always had its virtues .
What is the meaning of academic writing ? Academic writing is an important part of literature . It serves to help readers understand what is being said . A well written academic piece is always clear , concise , and reader-focused . It follows a certain structure that makes information easily accessible for the readers . The importance of these main qualities is such that a piece of academic writing would be incomplete without them . This is where we come in ! Academic writing pro makes sure that all your information is in order . Your ideas are jotted down and turned into an accurate , clear , and concise piece of academic writing by our professional academic writing services . The results are in the form of accurate and easy to understand academic articles that make the readers want to come back for more ! Characteristics of academic writingAcademic writing consists of a wide variety of genres and forms . Audiences can also vary . However , there are certain characteristics that remain constant.For example , academic writing is always planned to meet the readers ' needs . It also focused solely on the readers , helping them acquire information more easily . Here at Academic writing pro , we make sure that these characteristics are a part of our workflow . Our academic writing service also makes sure that articles are structured and follow a certain pattern.Academic writing is also evidenced ; no piece of academic writing is without proof . All opinions and arguments are supported by ample evidence and facts and are properly referenced to their sources . The tone that is used is formal and dispassionate , and tenses and language are used appropriately.If you want all your academic writing to be an epitome of all the aforementioned qualities , you should definitely try Academic writing pro , as it is the best academic writing service.Research workOne of the most important steps of writing an academic article is research . Researching is a lengthy task that can take anywhere between a few days to weeks , and sometimes even months . It is the process of obtaining relevant information and facts from different sources , whether online or on paper , and jotting it down.These facts are then the backbone of your article . They also define your audience and purpose . If this step is not done efficiently enough , it could put your whole article at risk . Researching is highly important and any lack of evidence for your purpose statement is going to be extremely detrimental to your academic writing.However , to avoid any such risks , Academic writing pro can always be counted on to save the day ! With our professional academic writing services , you will never have to worry about any errors in information or lack of it thereof.Organizing and draftingOnce relevant knowledge has been acquired and written down , it is now time to organize . Organization allows your academic writing to be concise and clear-cut . Related material is put together and the rest is spread throughout . Here at Academic writing pro , we give great priority to the organization of all related information . We believe that an unorganized academic article is of no use at all.After we are done organizing , it is time to write . Objective language and structured paragraphs are used that allow your audience to grasp the ideas and information being expressed . Academic writing pro takes your ideas and presents them in ways that are highly understandable and efficient . Theories , causes , etc . are presented in an orderly manner as well ! AudienceKnowing your audience is one of the biggest traits of academic writing . Your readers might be students , teachers , or other professionals that already show a clear understanding of your topic . Knowing your audience also helps define your tone in your academic writing . The degree of formality used in academic writing comes from the background of your audience.However , here at Academic writing pro , we make sure that we present enough facts and definitions in order to help your audience understand the topic much better . We use the perfect amount of punctuation and grammar and make sure that the targeted audience is pleased with the degree and quality of work.Why choose Academic writing pro for your academic writing work ? As if the aforementioned reasons were not enough , Academic writing pro is a very renowned academic writing service . Our team remains constantly dedicated to providing users with the expected amount of attention to detail and accuracy . This results in academic articles that are nothing short of masterpieces . Therefore , do not wait any longer and utilize our platform in order to succeed at academic writing !
All boys will one day be men , but not all men will be gentlemen . Here are some tips I have put together from a little research as well as a little bit of my personal life .
1 . Get the door . This is obvious , but time and time again I watch men fail . I do n't even really consider it to be ‘ gentlemen ' like , this is a basic qualification for calling yourself a man . Open the door , every time ! This includes the car door too . Also , do n't just open it for your date . It is rude to let the door slam as someone else is approaching it . Just take the extra five seconds and hand the door off to the next guy .
2 . Get out of the car . I 'm guilty . I have had times when I am going to pick a woman up , friend or lover , and I have sent the classic “ I 'm here ” text message . Do n't be like me ! There is something special and classy about getting out of the car and meeting her at the front door . If you are afraid you are going to catch her off guard , send her a 15-minute warning text . But , do n't make her come to you !
3 . Walk them out . If you have had a party with friends over or maybe you just spent an evening with the lucky lady , do n't let them make the journey back to their car alone . It is a nice thing to do plus it will make them feel a little more comfortable , especially if it is late at night .
4 . Dish out the compliments . Everyone likes compliments . Not everyone knows how to react to compliments , so they do n't appreciate the awkwardness that comes with it , but everyone loves compliments . Do n't be excessive , but be sure to let the people your with know that you appreciate something about them , even if you really have to dig to find out what that is .
5 . Do n't go for the kill . This could mean a lot of different things to a lot of different people . So I will just explain it like this , a gentleman is patient . With whatever you are dealing with , whether it be a first date or you are out with a group of friends , a gentleman is patient . He does n't try to force anything and he does n't have a hidden agenda that he is trying to accomplish . Just be patient .
6 . Dress to impress . It is n't necessarily go big or go home , but when you have taken time to put yourself together it shows that being with these people are important to you . I probably wear sweats and gym shorts in public more than the average human being , but when it comes to doing something fun with my friends , I always put on something nice . Whether you are taking out your lover or your mom , dress nice .
7 . Hold your tongue . No one wants to hear you talk like a pig and they definitely do n't want to hear you talk about sex . Nobody is perfect and nobody expects you to be , but it is nice to hold a conversation without having to hear an F-bomb every other sentence . Clean up your vocabulary . Also , beware of those ‘ undercover ' vocab killers like ‘ gay , douche , or slut . ' Be cautious of what you 're saying and clean it up .
8 . Stay off your phone . Guilty . When you are out with friends , learn to set the phone aside . While it is difficult for me to leave my phone in the car , I have found it effective to leave my phone facedown on the table and encourage whoever I am with to do it also . It is still there in case of an emergency , but it is n't distracting you by blowing up your pants every 30 seconds . Nobody wants to hangout with someone who is constantly buried in their phone .
9 . Be a one woman man . I feel like it is pretty obvious that you should only commit yourself to one woman at a time . But , you should also only be dating one woman at a time . I have gone on multiple first dates in a weeks period of time , but you should never be continuously dating multiple people . After the third date , you have obviously shown there is some interest and by going out with someone else the next night , whether you have defined your relationship or not , is emotionally dishonest . Just be patient , slow down , and focus on one .
10 . It is not all about you , so do n't make it about you . Do n't be that guy who spends the whole night talking about how awesome he is . Honestly , you 're probably a pretty cool person , but if you 're THAT cool , you wo n't need to continuously tell people how awesome you are , they will see it . Our lives speak louder than our words , anyways . Ask questions about the people you are with and get to know them . A good margin to aim for is that you are talking less than half of the time . If you are aiming for this goal , it will pretty hard to be the guy illustrated above .
11 . A woman is a woman , treat them all the same . You wife , girlfriend , mother , sister and grandmother . They are all women so you should act accordingly . Open the car door for your mother and do n't be afraid to compliment your sister . It may be weird , but being a gentleman is weird these days anyways .
12 . Learn to dance . I mean really dance , not have sex on the dance floor . Surprised I threw this in there ? I have yet to meet a woman who does n't enjoy real dancing . Granted , a lot of people do n't know how to really dance , but after begging them too just to give it a try and get over the embarrassment factor , they always end up having a good time . Plus , you look like a stud . There is n't anything sweeter than being able to really dance with your grandmother at your wedding . Pick up the trade , it does n't take a lot of time .
13 . Break out the flowers . Women love flowers . Do n't be cheap . I 'm balling on a budget too , but do n't cut this out , it is essential .
14 . Respect her . She may have different morals , standards , or beliefs than you do . Do n't try to get her to conform to what you want , respect her where she is at and over time you guys can find the ground where you meet in the middle .
15 . Keep your word . Do n't be a tool . If you say you 're going to do something , do it . If you say you are going to be somewhere , be there . Sometimes life happens , but if “ life is happening ” to you every week , you need to make some changes so you can be a man and honor your word .
16 . Be slow to anger and slower argue . Maybe you are like me and you suffer from the “ I 'm always right ” syndrome . Regardless of whether or not what you are talking about is true , take it easy . You do n't need to get in a heated argument and you definitely do n't need to get mad . Plus , it is embarrassing when you 're wrong , so just do n't spend too much time on what you disagree with . Just politely tell them you disagree and pick a new topic .
17 . Do n't be that guy . By ‘ that guy , ' I mean that guy who always has a better story , memory , or experience . There is nothing more annoying than someone who is always trying to “ one-up ” everybody . Just let someone enjoy the moment instead of trying to steal it from them .
18 . Do n't lift yourself at the expense of other people . There are few things more unattractive than somebody who bashes on other people for a living . I get it , sometimes we get frustrated and we need to vent , but be careful not to let all your time and energy be used on talking about people you do n't like . Also , do n't bring others down to make yourself look better . A good friend of mine says “ he who exalts himself will be humbled , but he who humbles himself will be exalted. ” Be humble and be nice .
19 . Boasting = bad . This is quite similar to the last one . If they want to know about everything you have or everything you have accomplished , they will ask you . There is no need to lay out your long list of achievements and merits on deaf ears . Plus , if they are n't interested in hearing it , it is just annoying .
20 . Be honest . Do n't bluff your stats . Do n't make yourself seem better than you really are . If you are humble and honest about who you really are 1 ) you are n't going to create a false perception 2 ) people are going to be able to see who you really are .
Do n't lie . Just be honest . Your lies are going to catch up with you . Sometimes the truth hurts , but getting caught in a lie six months later hurts worse . Be straight forward and honest .
21 . Spread the floor . The spotlight does n't always need to be on you . Admittedly , I enjoy being the center of attention at the dinner table when I am out with a group of friends , but do n't hog the stage . If you have that personality type that attracts people to yourself , use it to shine the light on the other people . It is not that you ca n't be the the center of attention , it is that a gentleman is humble and confident enough to share the floor .
22 . Wait for everyone to get their food . This is just a nice thing to do . Everyone is hungry , wait and enjoy it together .
23 . Whenever you are shaking hands with someone a ) stand to your feet . Most people probably wo n't even notice it , but it shows respect and importance . Just do it .
24 . Whenever you are shaking hands with someone b ) shake it firmly . You 're a man , learn how to shake someone 's hand .
25 . Give up your seat . If you find yourself in a situation where there are not enough places for all of the women to sit down , give up your seat . No exceptions .
26 . Grab the check . Right away . Do n't let there be that awkward moment of “ Are we going to split it or ? ” Just grab it . Some people ca n't afford it , trust me I understand that , but we need to think about those things before invite someone out to dinner . A gentleman are prepared to cover the tab before he invites someone out to eat . If they really want to split it with you and you are okay with that , then split it . But , be prepared pay .
27 . Take the danger zone . If you are walking on the street , the man should be walking on the side closest to the street . That way , if someone pops the curb , you are the first to die . Not really , its more to block the splashing of water from cars driving through puddles on the street . Historically , it goes back a long time , but that is not really important . Just do it . If you are hiking a trail , the man should be on the side closest to the edge . Take the danger zone .
28 . Be confident . Keep your head up . Maintain good posture . Talk loud enough for people to hear you . Know who you are and believe in yourself . It makes you look better , plus women generally like a confident man . Note : Confident does not equal cocky . Check yourself before you wreck yourself .
Advertisements
Sometimes the most innocuous of foodstuffs contain constituents whose origins are less than appetizing . Such is the case with JELL-O , a dessert that has graced millions of dinner tables since its 1897 debut .
Underneath JELL-O 's jiggly wholesomeness lurks a secret many consumers are disconcerted to learn : JELL-O is made from gelatin , an animal product rendered from the hides and bones of animals , typically pork skins , pork , horses , cattle bones , and split cattle hides .
The production of gelatin starts with the boiling of bones , skins , and hides of cows and pigs , a process that releases the protein-rich collagen from animal tissues . The collagen is boiled and filtered numerous times , dried , and ground to a powder . Because the collagen is processed extensively , the final product is not categorized as a meat or animal product by the federal government . Very strict vegetarians avoid gelatin entirely , but more permissive vegetarians have no problem including JELL-O in their diets .
JELL-O products account for about 80 percent of the gelatin market .
Update : Video from The Young Turks !
Voters are rightfully upset in West Virginia when they pushed the screen for Obama it changed to McCain . Shelba Ketchum , a 69-year-old retired nurse had this to say to reporters .
“ I pushed buttons and they all came up Republican , ” she said . “ I hit Obama and it switched to McCain . I am really concerned about that . If McCain wins , there was something wrong with the machines . “ I asked them for a printout of my votes , ” Ketchum said . “ But they said it was in the machine and I could not get it . I did not feel right when I left the courthouse . My son felt the same way . “ I heard from some other people they also had trouble . But no one in there knew how to fix it , ” said Ketchum , who is not related to Menis Ketchum , a Democratic Supreme Court candidate .
Democracy Now notes , these problems only seem to be in two counties in West Virginia .
In West Virginia , voters in at least two counties using touchscreen voting machines have claimed their votes were switched from Democrat to Republican . Six voters reported having this problem in Jackson and Putnam Counties . In both counties , Republicans are responsible for overseeing elections . Election officials blamed voters for not being more careful . Both counties use machines made by Election Systems & Software .
: : : : : : : : : :
The Charleston Gazette has comments from other voters who experienced problems .
Ketchum 's son , Chris , said he had the same problem . And Bobbi Oates of Scott Depot said her vote for incumbent Democratic Sen. John D. Rockefeller was switched to GOP opponent Jay Wolfe . “ I touched the one I wanted , Rockefeller , and the machine put a checkmark on the Republican instead , ” Oates said of her experience Thursday . She said she caught the mistake , called over a worker in the county clerk 's office and was able to correct her vote . But she worries other voters may not catch such a mistake . When asked if she is sure she touched the box for Rockefeller , she said , “ I 'm absolutely positive . ”
As Democracy Now noted , the only two counties so far with problems are ones run by Republicans . Hopefully , they will get this problem fixed right away . I 'm just glad the voters caught the malfunction . If I hear anymore on the West Virginia voting irregularities , I will post an update .
New Jersey lawmakers just do n't get it : The state 's massive pension-fund shortfalls last week prompted Moody 's to downgrade Trenton 's credit rating for the 11th time one of the main raters has downgraded the state under Gov . Chris Christie , yet the Legislature wants to make the problems worse .
Moody 's cited New Jersey 's gargantuan , and growing , unfunded pension liabilities as key to its decision to lower the state 's rating from A2 to A3 — the second downgrade in four months .
The move reflects the “ negative impact of significant pension underfunding ” and “ a persistent structural imbalance , ” wrote Moody 's analyst Baye Larsen . Despite Christie 's notable boosts in payments to the funds , state contributions “ remain well below the actuarial recommended ” amount .
Yet lawmakers ( of both parties ) want Christie to sign a bill that would hand control of one of the state 's biggest funds — for police and firefighter pensions — to their union representatives .
“ Giving management to the pension beneficiaries removes political interest from the investments and places responsibility with the employees who will benefit , ” says Senate President Stephen Sweeney , a Democrat .
Uh , not quite — because the employees would n't face any risk . With a majority of votes on the new board , union reps could hike benefits and slice the amount members must chip in . And if that plunges the fund further underwater , Jersey 's taxpayers would be the ones on the hook .
The “ employees who will benefit ” would have no responsibility whatsoever — except to cash their pension checks .
When other unions have gained such power on public pension boards , notes Manhattan Institute pension expert Steve Malanga , it has led to “ catastrophic outcomes. ” He cites the records of the city of Dallas , for example , and the state of Texas .
In Detroit , worker and retiree reps on the government fund kept upping benefits , despite the city 's worsening finances . The resulting massive debt was a huge factor in driving the city into bankruptcy .
Indeed , it 's mad schemes like this that got the Garden State in trouble in the first place . For decades , lawmakers and governors made too many promises to public-sector unions — without putting aside any money to pay for it all . In 2015 , Jersey 's pension officially became the worst-funded in America .
Christie has funneled nearly $ 5 billion to the pension funds , more than the previous five governors combined . Yet that 's barely made a dent in the $ 135 billion ( and growing ) hole .
And now state lawmakers want to pound the shovels even faster ?
Their bill should certainly be a no-brainer for Christie to veto — but New Jerseyans , beware : Your next governor may be happy to go along with this madness .
Michael Gove , the education secretary , is at the centre of an escalating row over how faith schools discuss homosexuality in sex education classes .
The TUC has accused Gove of failing in his legal duties by insisting that equality laws , which prohibit discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation , do not extend to the school curriculum .
The TUC complains that the current situation sends mixed signals to the playground , because schools are legally obliged to condemn discrimination on sexual-orientation grounds but free to use religious materials that equality campaigners claim is homophobic .
Brendan Barber , the TUC 's general secretary , wrote to Gove in December expressing alarm that a booklet containing `` homophobic material '' had been distributed by a US preacher after talks to pupils at Roman Catholic schools across the Lancashire region in 2010 .
The booklet , `` Pure Manhood : How to become the man God wants you to be '' , discusses a boy dealing with `` homosexual attractions '' which it suggested may `` stem from an unhealthy relationship with his father , an inability to relate to other guys , or even sexual abuse '' .
The booklet , which claims that `` scientifically speaking , safe sex is a joke '' , explains that `` the homosexual act is disordered , much like contraceptive sex between heterosexuals . Both acts are directed against God 's natural purpose for sex – babies and bonding . ''
Referring to the Equality Act 2010 , which prohibits discrimination against individuals , Barber said : `` Schools now have a legal duty to challenge all forms of prejudice . Such literature undermines this completely . ''
But Gove insists : `` The education provisions of the Equality Act 2010 which prohibit discrimination against individuals based on their protected characteristics ( including their sexual orientation ) do not extend to the content of the curriculum . Any materials used in sex and relationship education lessons , therefore , will not be subject to the discrimination provisions of the act . ''
Gove 's response has triggered anger from the TUC . `` Having written to the education secretary to express our worry about the distribution of homophobic literature in faith schools , his lack of concern is very alarming , '' Barber said .
A DfE spokesman insisted : `` Any school engaging in the promotion of homophobic material would be acting unlawfully . '' But the row highlights a grey area over the teaching of sex education . A review intended to provide new guidelines on what was appropriate for schools to teach was kicked into the long grass when the last election was called .
`` It would certainly be helpful if there was clarity as to what is appropriate for young people of all ages , '' said Ben Summerskill , chief executive of the gay rights group Stonewall . `` The water could no longer be muddied by people pushing age-inappropriate sex material on the one hand and fundamentalist anti-gay religious materials on the other . ''
The row comes at the end of an extraordinary week in which the role of religion in society has come under acute scrutiny .
The chairman of the Equality and Human Rights Commission , Trevor Phillips , said religious rules should be left `` at the door of the temple '' and give way to the `` public law '' laid down by parliament . Phillips said : `` Once you start to provide public services that have to be run under public rules – for example , child protection – then it has to go with public law . '' Phillips spoke out after Baroness Warsi , the Tory minister , warned Britain was under threat from a rising tide of `` militant secularisation '' .
Lord Carey , the former archbishop of Canterbury , warned that Christianity was being marginalised . Days earlier , the high court ruled that councils had no statutory power to hold prayers in meetings , while the Christian owners of a bed-and-breakfast lost an appeal against a ruling that their policy of restricting double rooms to married couples discriminated against a gay couple .
Concerns that faith matters are being marginalised at school has prompted the creation of a new coalition of faith groups and politicians . The Religious Education Council of England and Wales is to back the creation of an all-party parliamentary group that will focus on protecting religious education in schools and stressing its value to young people .
A conservative pundit and former Republican leader says there 's no doubt that Wednesday 's shooting at an Alexandria , Virginia , baseball field was politically motivated .
Several Republican lawmakers were practicing early Wednesday morning for the annual charity baseball game between them and House Democrats when the shooting occurred . Wounded in the attack were House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-Louisiana ) and several others . At press time , Scalise was in critical condition following surgery .
The shooter , who has since died from gun battle with police , has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson . His Facebook page featured a photo of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the top , and was filled with left-wing political posts throughout . His entries were highly critical of President Trump and supported Sanders ' socialist political philosophy . The 66-year-old man was a member of a Facebook group called `` Terminate the Republican Party . '' And according to authorities , Hodgkinson came to the ball field with enough firepower to terminate many Republican lawmakers .
During an appearance on the Fox News Channel , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich addressed the increasing intensity of hostility on the Left .
`` Whether it is a so-called comedian holding up the president 's head in blood , or it 's right here in New York City a play that shows the president being assassinated , or it 's Democratic leading national politicians who are so angry they have to use vulgarity , '' he lamented . `` This intensity has been building I think since election night . ''
And when one Fox panel member questioned the timing of Gingrich 's remarks , he did n't back down .
`` You 've had a series of things which sends signals that tell people that it 's okay to hate Trump , it 's okay to think of Trump in violent terms , it 's okay to consider assassinating Trump . And then suddenly we 're supposed to rise above it – until the next time ? '' he asked .
The leaders of both parties have decided to move forward and play the game Thursday night as scheduled .
EDIT : Since people are insisting this is fake , this video was taken by @ AKitz on Twitter who posted many photos of the firefight . He also posted this video , all I did was rotate it and brighten it up . You can see the original here : https : //twitter.com/AKitz/status/325113491432280064 April 19th , 2013 approximately 12:50pm shootout with police at 62 Laurel Street in Watertown , MA.Suspects ' Honda can be see to the left and the stolen Mercedes SUV to the right . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev can be seen going through a backpack at the front of the Mercedes.The driver side door of the Mercedes opens and Tamerlan Tsarnaev comes out , taking three shots at police while running to the front of the car.Both brothers can be seen using a lighter to ignite pipe bombs.As the video ends , a return shot from the police can be heard .
SOMERVILLE — George Riehman and George Kavanaugh , a long-time volunteer firefighter with the Somerville Fire Department , were inseparable .
They grew up together in the borough , living three blocks apart . They went to school together and joined the U.S. Army together . They fought fires together as members of Engine Company No . 1 . They were members of American Legion Post 12 in Somerville together .
Friday night , Riehman , 74 , was with his best friend and heard his screams as Kavanaugh , 75 , was killed in front of the Lincoln Hose Company Fire House , the victim of a hit-and-run , borough police said .
The pair were leaving the viewing of another fallen firefighter , Charlie Becker . Riehman had left to get his car and Kavanaugh was waiting for him in front of the fire house at 34 Warren St. around 9:30 p.m. , police said
`` Some of the guys got together after the viewing and we had just left the fire house , '' Riehman told NJ Advance Media this morning . `` I was going to get my car and a guy backed over George , rolled over him again and then sped off .
`` I heard George yell so loud . It was the loudest yell I ever heard . If the driver of that car did n't see George , I know he heard him scream . I was in shock . ''
Riehman said he did n't get a good look at the driver . All he remembers is that the vehicle was a light colored SUV .
`` It all happened so fast , '' he said .
`` No one deserves to die like that , '' said Anita Kavanaugh , who was married to her husband for 20 years . `` The way it happened . It 's very tough . It 's very tough . My husband loved his family . He was dedicated to the fire department . He was always willing to be there for people . We have four kids and seven grandchildren . He loved them all . ''
Kavanaugh was the former chief of the Somerville Fire Department in 1985 and 1986 and held a variety of other posts within the department over the years . He was also a life member of the state 's Firemen 's Association . Friends say he was fun to be around .
`` He had a love for being a firefighter , '' said Somerville assistant fire chief Brian Iselin , who know Kavanaugh for 20 years . `` It was his passion . He loved it . ''
The Somerville Police Department along with the Somerset County Prosecutor 's Office Collision Analysis Reconstruction Team ( CART ) is investigating the accident .
Kavanaugh was transported to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Somerset by the Somerville Rescue Squad where he died from his injuries , police said . The hit-and-run driver and vehicle have not yet been identified and the investigation is continuing , police said .
Kavanaugh was employed as a maintenance worker at Johns-Manville Corp. in Manville , Immaculate Conception Church and Lab Corp for more than 40 years , retiring in 1999 .
Visitation for Kavanaugh will be from 2 to 4 p.m. and 6 to 9 p.m. Wednesday at Bruce C. VanArsdale Funeral Home , 111 N. Gaston Ave. , with firemans services at 6:30 p.m. at the funeral home .
A funeral Mass will be held at 9:30 a.m. Thursday at Immaculate Conception Church , 35 Mountain Ave. Interment will follow at St. Bernard Cemetery in Bridgewater .
`` Anybody who knew my husband knew the type of person he was , '' Antia Kavanaugh said . Everybody liked him . He was an asset to the community . He was proud to be a veteran .
We had some very good times together . I 'm going to miss him so much . ''
Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the Somerville Police Department Detective Bureau at 908-725-6900 or 908-725-0331 , or the Somerset County Crime Stoppers ' Tip Line at ( 888 ) 577- TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Dave Hutchinson may be reached at dhutchinson @ njadvancemedia.com.Follow him on Twitter @ DHutch_SL . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
By Megan Westberg
Even professional violinists have to practice . It 's a consistent , integral thread in their lives that ties them firmly to their instrument , their music , and the greater string-playing community . Just as you scramble to find an hour in your day to focus on the violin , soloist Hilary Hahn is probably on the road , doing the exact same thing : “ You only have a short window , but you always want to keep improving things , ” she says . Sound familiar ?
Hahn finished a project in mid-August that was all about practice—100 days of practice in a row , in fact . The idea came from a global Instagram project ( designated by the # 100days hashtag ) that had been mainly , until that point , undertaken by visual artists . “ The concept of the project was to show your process , ” Hahn says . “ You do n't have to worry about the result ; it does n't have to be in great shape . You can show working on the same piece of art—you do a little bit of coloring one day , you spend 100 days on the same thing , or you could do sketches every day. ” She wondered if there was something she could do for 100 days that would reveal something about her own artistic process . “ So it just occurred to me : What do I do every day anyway ? I practice . ”
And just like that , she had committed to practicing ( and posting practice videos to Instagram via her handle @ violincase ) for 100 days in a row .
Though she 's always evaluating her technique , Hahn focuses her practice sessions on fine-tuning the repertoire she 's currently performing and working on upcoming performance repertoire . “ I was often listening for tonal and phrasing details , ” she says , and used her practice videos as tools to better understand not only what she sounded like , but what her practicing looked like . “ I would set [ my phone ] up and just do my practice session until it felt like there was something I was curious to see played back—something I was particularly working on that I wanted to see . Maybe I did it three different ways and I wanted to hear it. ” She would then select a one-minute portion of her practice video that she felt best represented the spirit of the session , edit it down , and post it to Instagram . Hahn spent about a half hour on every one-minute video she posted .
Hahn 's practice challenges often are a direct result of the job she does : “ Sometimes I 'm jetlagged or I had a concert the day before , and it felt like x , y , and z happened in concert—how am I going to address that for the concert that 's happening tonight ? ” Hahn travels a lot and has a different schedule every day , so daily practice does n't always go as well as she 'd like—but she tries to work through practice and performance hurdles with patience . “ Sometimes I really do n't feel like it 's flowing with the piece that I 'm supposed to be performing , ” she says , “ so if it does n't feel quite right , I might take a break , work on something else , maybe just focus on a certain aspect of playing that piece that resets my mental situation . ”
Advertisement
“ It did n't occur to me that [ the project ] would help people feel empowered about their own practice situations. ” —Hilary Hahn
One hundred days is a long time . “ I do n't think I really thought it through , ” says Hahn , sounding amused . “ I do n't think I thought about 100 days being almost a third of a year ! ” But she goes on to clarify that despite the challenges , some of which involved acrobatic attempts to capture a high-enough quality video to post , she is very glad she completed the project—and that she misses it and the regularity it imposed in her day now that it 's over . She 's been practicing , more or less every day , for much of her life , but she says that committing to 100 days in a row revealed a lot about her process , and her practice habits . “ I think it made me a little more disciplined in my own practice , ” she says .
Watching videos of her practice sessions over and over , both for her own purposes and as she edited them , helped her set better daily goals , and she also realized that her usual daily practice had n't always been , exactly , daily . Late arrivals , jet lag , and inevitable travel delays are all obstacles that sometimes take their toll . “ I kind of forgot that sometimes on travel days it 's not actually very productive or convenient to try to practice , ” she says . This project revealed how life sometimes interferes with even the best intentions .
But Hahn learned more from this project than just about her own practice . Her Instagram audience ( about 62,000 followers in October ) reacted to her 100-day commitment in a way she did n't expect . For Hahn , to share her practice videos was just part of the project—it was nothing earth-shattering to her , because practicing is an everyday part of her life . “ It did n't occur to me that [ the project ] would help people feel empowered about their own practice situations , ” she shares . Her followers reacted strongly , and positively , to the opportunity to watch a professional practice .
In retrospect , their enthusiasm makes sense . “ It 's really hard to practice by yourself in a room every day on the same piece and know if you 're making progress or know if the process is working , ” Hahn says . “ Doing the project kind of created the bond for me where I realized that everyone is thinking about the same things and working toward these things and people do feel isolated at times. ” Their feedback gave Hahn the sense that her project was about more than just practice and her artistic progress and growth : It fulfilled her own craving for a sense of artistic community .
For those who want to follow suit and undertake their own 100-day project , Hahn advises starting as early in the day as possible ; embracing the attitude that this project is about process , not perfection ; and being ready to accept that 100 days wo n't work for everyone , and there 's still value in a shorter period of time . “ Things get in the way , ” she says . “ You do your best as an artist regardless of the circumstances and you just keep moving forward . ”
Most importantly , players should choose projects that best represent them . Hahn chose to focus on practice because it represented a daily aspect of her artistic identity and process , but there are so many string-related activities that would make valuable 100-day projects . “ I hope that people do it , ” she says . “ I hope they make it their own . . . It could be 100 days of rosining your bow ; 100 days of tuning . It 's not even about the performance of it ; it 's about where your mind is and where your process is . So I hope people find their own thing .
“ There 's a lot of creativity to be found in what represents you and your art for 100 days . ”
Comments
Search for native plants by scientific name , common name or family . If you are not sure what you are looking for , try the Combination Search or our Recommended Species lists .
Cressler , Alan Cressler , Alan
Bignonia capreolata
Bignonia capreolata L .
Crossvine
Synonym ( s ) : Anisostichus capreolata , Anisostichus crucigera
USDA Symbol : BICA
USDA Native Status : L48 ( N )
A climbing , woody vine reaching 50 ft. long with showy , orange-red , trumpet-shaped flowers 2 inches long and 1 1/2 inches across which hang in clusters of two to five . They are sometimes seen high in a tree , as the vine climbs by means of tendrils . Claws at the end of its tendrils allow crossvine to cling to stone , bricks and fences without support . Leaves are opposite and bifoliolate . Leaflets are 4-6 inches long by 1-1/2 inches wide , with a third leaflet modified into a tendril . Persistent , glossy , semi-evergreen leaves change from dark green in summer to reddish-purple in winter .
Plant Characteristics Duration : Perennial
Habit : Vine
Leaf Retention : Evergreen
Leaf Arrangement : Opposite
Leaf Complexity : Pinnate
Leaf Texture : Waxy
Fruit Type : Legume
Size Notes : Can climb to 36-50 feet .
Leaf : Leaves
Flower : Flowers 2 inches long .
Fruit : Brown 4 to 8 inch pods
Size Class : 36-72 ft .
WaxyCan climb to 36-50 feet.Leaves compound , bifoliolate . Dark green , with purplish venation and stems in winter.Flowers 2 inches long.Brown 4 to 8 inch pods36-72 ft .
Bloom Information Bloom Color : Red , Yellow
Bloom Time : Mar , Apr , May
Bloom Notes : Bloom can be brick red with yellow throats , yellow with brick-red throats , some other combination of those two colors , or completely brick red .
Distribution USA : AL , AR , FL , GA , IL , IN , KY , LA , MD , MO , MS , NC , OH , OK , SC , TN , TX , VA , WV
Native Distribution :
Native Habitat : Forested floodplains and uplands , hammocks , fencerows , limestone escarpments
FL to e. TX , n. to MD , WV , & the Ohio R. valley , Zones 6 to 9Forested floodplains and uplands , hammocks , fencerows , limestone escarpments
Growing Conditions Water Use : Low , Medium
Light Requirement : Sun , Part Shade
Soil Moisture : Dry , Moist
Soil pH : Circumneutral ( pH 6.8-7.2 )
CaCO3 Tolerance : Medium
Cold Tolerant : yes
Soil Description : Moist , well-drained , acidic or calcareous soils . Sandy , Sandy Loam , Medium Loam , Clay Loam , Clay .
Conditions Comments : Some shade is tolerated , but the best flowering is achieved in full sun . Tolerates brief flooding .
Benefit Use Ornamental : An
Use Wildlife : Hummingbirds are attracted to flowers . An early
Conspicuous Flowers : yes
Interesting Foliage : yes
Attracts : Hummingbirds
Nectar Source : yes
Deer Resistant : No
An evergreen vine with glossy leaves and showy , two-tone , trumpet flowers.Hummingbirds are attracted to flowers . An early nectar source for butterflies and hummingbirds . Deer browse it in winter.yesyesHummingbirdsyesNo
Propagation Propagation Material : Root Cuttings , Seeds , Softwood Cuttings
Seed Collection : Collect the large , woody capsules from late summer through fall when they are light brown and beginning to dry . Seeds remain viable one year in sealed , refrigerated containers .
Seed Treatment : Seed requires no pretreatment .
Commercially Avail : yes
Maintenance : Training to avoid crowding of stems will aid in the formation of
Root Cuttings , Seeds , Softwood CuttingsCollect the large , woody capsules from late summer through fall when they are light brown and beginning to dry . Seeds remain viable one year in sealed , refrigerated containers.Seed requires no pretreatment.yesTraining to avoid crowding of stems will aid in the formation of flower shoots . Branches can be cut back in the spring to encourage flowering .
Find Seed or Plants View propagation protocol from Native Plants Network .
Mr. Smarty Plants says Perennial vine for full sun , Denton , TX
March 19 , 2010
I would like to grow a perennial vine that would tolerate full sun during the day . A flowering or non-flowering is fine . I do NOT want anything that is poisonous , i.e . Carolina jasmine , since this w ...
view the full question and answer Vines for shade in North-Central Georgia
August 07 , 2009
I am looking for something to hide a 6 ' wood fence that will grow in almost full shade . I have an area approx 2 feet wide to plant in . Since the fence and planting areas are stepped -- about 8 feet f ...
view the full question and answer Plants for green roof in Mexico
August 06 , 2008
Hello ! I am checking local plants to plant on a Green Roof , and am I researching on which are mostly to survive better . Is it possible to plant the following on a green roof ? ? ( Root depth needed , basica ...
view the full question and answer Toxicity and invasiveness of Scarlet Wisteria
May 04 , 2007
I recently purchased seeds for Scarlet Wisteria ( Chinese rattlebox tree ) . I spoke to a neighbor about this and she warned me not to plant them as they were poisonous to hummingbirds . Can you clarify ...
view the full question and answer Locating yellow crossvine
April 20 , 2006
I am attempting to find a yellow crossvine . I am not having much luck . I thought I saw some growing in the Taylor area , but I can not locate it now . In my memory , the flowers had brown dots on them .
view the full question and answer
From the National Suppliers Directory According to the inventory provided by Associate Suppliers , this plant is available at the following locations :
According to the inventory provided by Associate Suppliers , this plant is available at the following locations : Wrights Nursery - Briggs , TX
Additional resources USDA : Find
FNA : Find
Google : Search Google for
Find Bignonia capreolata in USDA PlantsFind Bignonia capreolata in the Flora of North America ( if available ) Search Google for Bignonia capreolata
Changes to Your Household Chores That Will Save You Money
Photo : Arpingstone , Wikipedia
Photo : Colin , Wikipedia
Hang washing out the moment that it has finished in the machine , to reduce wrinkles in your clothes .
Hang shirts and tops on the line on hangers or where folds naturally form . This too will reduce the amount of wrinkles in your clothing .
Shop sensibly and seek out clothing and bedding that is non iron or easy iron ; this will reduce your ironing time as many items can simply go from your washing line to your wardrobe .
If you have to still have to iron your clothing , then avoid using the steam function ( consumes more electricity ) and ensure the heat setting is appropriately set . If you 're ironing delicate fabrics , then just use the iron once it is switched off as irons stay hot for some time after use .
Hanging clothes can help reduce crinkles
Photo : NativeForeigner , Wikipedia
Ensure that you do whole laundry loads and save up your laundry if you do n't have enough to warrant switching the machine on .
Read your machine manual to ensure you understand how to use any eco or water efficient settings .
If you have a top loader washing machine , consider switching to a front loading machine next time you replace your machine as a front loader is more energy and water efficient .
Modern conveniences and handy household appliances make fast work of many household cleaning tasks , but sometimes , a bit of elbow grease will cut down your electricity bill and give you a great workout too.Here are a few quick changes to consider : If you have wooden or tiled floors , rather than using the vacuum every time you clean , consider switching to a broom more often . Using a broom also helps you to get into all the nooks and crannies that a vacuum sometimes misses.Living in Australia , I 'm always surprised to hear that people still use clothes dryers which rate as one of the most expensive and energy consuming appliances . More than that , they are somewhat superfluous when you can dry your clothes outside in the fresh air . When it rains , which it does throughout our Winter , I just wait until a sunny day ( which comes round quickly enough ) , to do my laundry . According to Origin Energy , using a clothes dryer twice a week will cost you over $ 115 a year , a cost you can say goodbye to , if you switched to the power of the sun.Save the steam mop for when you 're doing a really thorough clean , and at all other times , just use a regular mop.An old school option , but still a great way to clean carpets without switching on the power . Every now and then you 'll need your vacuum for a more thorough clean , but for intermittent cleaning , getting the carpet sweeper out saves on electricity and still gives a pretty good clean in the meantime.Ok , I 'll admit it , I loathe ironing , so part of this guidance comes from a place of deep rooted hatred for the ironing pile . If you want to save money , or simply see your ironing pile diminish , then consider these ways of reducing the need to iron : Washing clothes is an inevitable part of life , however , there are a few tricks to being energy efficient whilst you do your laundry : Hose pipes are often used for outdoor cleaning , but frivolous usage will lead to water wastage and higher bills . To make sure that you are using your hose efficiently , ensure that you have a hose nozzle attached that allows you to turn off the water spray when you are not using it . A further hint , is if you are using your hose to clear debris or cobwebs from your outdoor area , consider using elbow grease and a hard bristle broom first , and finish with the hose afterwards to avoid unnecessary water use .
The two UN workers shot dead in central Somalia were working on the links between money transfer systems and piracy , the UN anti-drugs and crime agency says .
Former British police officer Simon Davis , 57 , and his French colleague , 28-year-old researcher Clement Gorrissen , were fatally shot by a man in uniform just after their arrival at the airport in Galkayo on Monday .
`` The two men , who often worked together , were on mission in Somalia to offer technical advice and to help build local capacities in the specialised field of illicit money flows , '' the UN Office on Drugs and Crime said on Wednesday .
UNODC gave no details of the circumstances of the attack , nor on its motive , which remains unknown .
It said the two experts had been working to ensure that the remittance networks , which replace banks in Somalia , could be used by ordinary citizens but not by criminals . Many Somalis rely on remittance companies to receive money from relatives in the diaspora .
Davis served with the Metropolitan police force , specialising in tracking financial movements , before joining UNODC in 2012 . He also worked closely with the British government in the area of fighting piracy .
In addition , Davis provided training to law enforcement officials in the Horn of Africa , UNODC said .
Gorrissen first worked for UNODC in 2010 as part of the Global Program against Money Laundering , Proceeds of Crime and the Financing of Terrorism .
In May 2011 he researched illicit money flows for the Contact Group on Piracy . He was a key contributor to the highly regarded report `` Pirate Trails : Tracking the Illicit Financial Flows from Pirate Activities off the Horn of Africa '' .
No one has claimed the attack in Galkayo , a town that straddles the self-proclaimed autonomous regions of Galmudug and Puntland . Al-Shabab Islamists , who have been influential in the area around Galkayo , expressed their satisfaction at the killings but denied being behind them .
The 2013 report on financial transfers and piracy estimated that ransom payments totalling between $ US339 million and $ US413 million ( $ A363.29 million and $ A442.59 million ) were made to pirates between April 2005 and December 2012 , with between 30 and 50 per cent of the total remaining in the hands of pirate chiefs .
Clan militia , pirate networks and criminal gangs control large chunks of Somalia , which has not had an effective central government since 1991 .
How did we find ourselves here ?
While Australian politics has been looking elsewhere , assuming that old certainties will continue unimpeded , the coal industry has entered a phase of terminal and rapid decline .
Whoever wins the coming Federal Election will have no choice but to deal with the beginning of the end of coal , with power stations and mines closing and companies walking away or going bankrupt . Yet the issue is barely on the political agenda .
According to the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis ( IEEFA ) , the world passed peak coal in 2013/14 . And this is n't a gentle curve . IEEFA projects a 25 % drop in global demand for thermal coal by the end of the decade – a crash of a quarter in the next four years !
Let 's dig into this , with some key facts and figures extracted from the Green Institute 's new paper , The End of Coal : How Should the Next Government Respond ?
The USA has closed or will close over 100GW ( twice Australia 's total grid ) of coal plants this decade . The collapse of both domestic and export demand has led to all of the USA 's major listed coal companies filing for bankruptcy .
China , long treated by Australia as an endless excuse for inaction , is shifting rapidly to efficiency and renewables , driven largely by air pollution concerns , but also by climate change . China 's coal use dropped 2.9 % in 2014 , 4 % in 2015 and 6.8 % to this point in 2016 .
India 's new government is taking huge steps , partly driven by environmental and social concerns , but largely by the simple economic fact that domestic solar already outcompetes imported coal on price alone . Despite the protestations of Australian coal spin-doctors , it is now irrefutably cheaper to lift people out of poverty in India with solar power than with imported coal . The Indian government 's goal to cease all coal imports in three years is well on its way to being achieved , with a 15 % drop in 2015/16 alone .
Here in Australia , coal plants are being mothballed or closed from South Australia to Queensland , with Victoria 's Hazelwood the latest to face open talk of closure . Meanwhile , the massive expansion of export coal mining planned for Queensland is stalled because the global markets are simply not there .
This did not happen by accident . It is thanks to a combination of the sudden affordability of renewable energy , massive public and private investments in energy efficiency , and market forces and political decisions in India , the USA and China . All these forces have themselves being driven by invigorated civil society demands for action across the globe , from widespread adoption of green technologies through the fossil fuel divestment movement to the increasing civil disobedience campaigns in the USA , Australia , Europe , India and South East Asia . It is impossible to ignore the conclusion that coal has lost its social licence .
The Paris Climate Agreement , while flawed , locks in the end of coal . Its promise to reach zero net emissions in the second half of the century is impossible to achieve without closing the coal sector . A strategic reading of Paris is that such a geopolitical agreement could not have been reached in the absence of the growing civil society and market signals that coal 's demise was already happening .
It is a harsh indictment on our politics that this has taken Australia by surprise .
For years , experts from former Australian Coal Association chair Ian Dunlop to former Greens Leader Christine Milne to energy analyst Tim Buckley have been pointing towards the beginnings of structural decline for coal . Because governments , business leaders and commentators have ignored the warnings , the price crash , stranded assets and bankruptcies of major coal companies such as Peabody are still being treated as an aberration . The attitude of governments has been at worst to deny that there is a problem and at best to conclude that this will be a slow , steady decline over decades . Either way , the response has been to attempt to hold back the tide with subsidies and support packages to keep the industry afloat .
But we can see the implications of such action in sectors like car manufacturing in Australia and coal in the USA . By keeping industries on life support , handing out ever more subsidies to continue business-as-usual , governments are laying the groundwork for workers , landholders and indigenous people being left on the scrap heap by corporations when they eventually close shop and skip town , as well as a mess of unrehabilitated sites and worse climate change .
Governments – and oppositions – enabling this behaviour to continue while claiming that they are supporting workers are either delusional or dishonest .
In fact , the most honest approach , and the one that will be best for people and the planet , is to immediately prepare for a staged transition , facilitate a dignified exit from the coal industry for workers and communities , and ensure that the corporations which have caused this mess cover the costs .
There is no simple answer to the question “ how should the next government respond to the end of coal ” . What we need is a systemic shift in our politics in order to truly face up to the challenge .
Fundamentally , we need governments to commit to a climate target in line with the science , which requires us to phase out coal power and mining as soon as feasible and no later than 2030-35 . Delivering that will require us to remove coal 's stranglehold on our politics , through donations reform , ending fossil fuel subsidies and closing the revolving door between staffers , politicians and industry .
But , critically , we also need to ensure that coal companies pay for rehabilitation of sites and just transitions plans for communities , as well as contribute towards loss and damage , before they relocate or go bankrupt , and engage communities thoroughly and honestly in questions about their future , through properly funded consultations beginning immediately . Ideally , we would also enable them to walk into the future with confidence through a mechanism such as a localised trial of a guaranteed adequate income .
The end of coal does n't need to fill us with fear . We can embrace it as an exciting opportunity . But , frankly , regardless of how we approach it , we 'd better get used to the fact that it is now upon us . After wasted years ignoring the signs that it was coming , it 's about time we made the end of coal work for all of us .
Tim Hollo is the Director of The Green Institute . https : //www.greeninstitute.org.au
The Internet of Onions
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN.net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible . If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
The tension between convenience and security is age-old , but it has , perhaps , never been as acutely felt as it is in debates about the Internet of Things ( IoT ) . Smart devices for monitoring and controlling household and industrial appliances are cheap and near-ubiquitous . But the cheapness and the near-ubiquity of the commercial IoT products on the market both come at the cost of exposing one 's devices and home network to eavesdroppers and remote servers . A Tor developer recently undertook an effort to increase IoT security by routing device traffic through the Tor network . While the work is , so far , available only in a single free-software IoT platform , the developers are hoping it will spread .
Tor developer Nathan Freitas , who is also Executive Director of the Guardian Project , undertook the the development and testing of Tor-transport support for the open-source home-automation program Home Assistant . On July 20 , Freitas explained the project in a blog post .
Home invasions
In brief , Home Assistant is a Python-based tool that provides a single web interface for a wide range of individual IoT devices . Freitas 's contribution is a network configuration that routes Home Assistant 's web interface over a Tor Hidden Service ( so that it can only be accessed by a Tor-enabled browser via a special .onion domain name ) .
In a demonstration video [ YouTube ] , Freitas calls attention to two separate concerns about commercial IoT devices . The first is that many expect to have direct access to the Internet , often for an HTTP connection to a remote service , and the installation instructions advise users to enable access by simply opening up ports on their firewall ( if , indeed , they have one to begin with ) .
The risk is that attackers can easily scan for the signatures known-to-be-insecure IoT products , log them , and access the devices at will . This is rather dangerous , when one considers that IP-based video cameras , climate controls , door locks , and other sensitive devices are exposed in this manner .
The second concern is that many products enable device operation solely through a remote web server controlled by the manufacturer ; the addresses of these servers may even be hard-coded into the device 's software . For the curious , Matthew Garrett has recently taken to writing in-depth reviews of such products on Amazon.com , with both informative and frightening results .
Some privacy-conscious users may understandably regard the second concern as the more serious one , since pervasive data logging and user tracking could be taking place at the remote server ( not to mention the fact that the device could fail to function without an Internet connection ) . For many others , however , the first risk is greater . Stories of webcam and baby-monitor exploits are already commonplace ; as more device classes go online , one can only expect further attacks . As a result , securing access to the web interfaces of IoT devices has been the initial focus of Freitas 's effort .
Hiding the route
Merely routing the web interface over Tor goes a long way to protect users from the eavesdropping concern , but if the device 's front end is reachable through its .onion address , it can still be detected and scanned on the Tor network , as the 2013 paper Trawling for Tor Hidden Services [ PDF ] explains . The technique described in the paper involves running a large set of Tor relay nodes that secretly log the appearance of hidden service nodes . Although the distributed-consensus model Tor employs makes it difficult for any attacker to shut out the legitimate relays ( another possible attack ) , a well-funded attacker could certainly monitor the availability of hidden services over time and hone in on their locations using traffic correlation .
The solution is to enable a little-known `` stealth '' authorization option in the service 's configuration . Setting the HiddenServiceAuthorizeClient to stealth on the server causes Tor to generate a random authorization key pair , so that the public key can be copied to each device that should be allowed to access the service .
From that point on , the nodes in the Tor network provide additional security beyond what would be achievable with ( say ) a standard HTTP cookie , blocking connection requests from clients without the proper credentials by reporting that the requested server is unroutable .
This is possible because Tor hidden services announce their presence to the network by publishing a service descriptor that normally includes the address of an `` introduction point '' node . The service descriptors are tracked in Hidden Service Directory nodes within the Tor network . Other Tor relay nodes then know how to establish a circuit to the service by looking up the introduction point , even though those relays can not peek beyond the introduction point to find where the service originates .
In stealth mode , however , the introduction-point portion of the service descriptor is encrypted with the private key from the authorization key pair ; authorized clients will be able to decrypt the descriptor field because they possess the corresponding key , but other clients will not . Attempts by unauthorized clients to connect to the introduction-point node listed in the service descriptor will fail as being unreachable , making the result indistinguishable from a hidden server that has simply gone offline .
There is no limit to the number of authorization keys a server can use , so each client can use a unique key and the keys can be replaced as frequently as desired . Services are also allowed to publish fake service descriptors to further obfuscate connection points from eavesdroppers and trawlers .
Secure all the things
In an email , Freitas noted that there are two challenges to adding Tor support to a project like Home Assistant . The first is that the program 's network layer has to be able to work using an .onion address—which , evidently , breaks many assumptions about host-name formatting and lookup .
The second is that the code dealing with the IoT devices themselves is prone to unintended connection leakage . For example , he said , `` with Home Assistant there are a lot of outbound connections that it relies on for access to public data that we also want to tunnel through Tor . '' As is the case with HTTPS support , he added , fixing this is typically a matter of finding developers willing to make sure the Tor routing works . `` If we can build a 'LetsOnion ' type script to make that easier , '' he said , `` we will . ''
Moving forward , Freitas said he hopes to work on adding Tor support to openHAB and similar open-source home-automation systems . In the meantime , however , he said that users can route individual apps over Tor using the Guardian Project 's Orbot proxy for Android . By default , most consumer IoT devices are paired with a one-shot app ( one for each brand of light bulb , one for the thermostat , one for the security cameras , etc. ) . Orbot can tunnel these apps to a Tor endpoint running in the user 's home ; the result is not as good as complete anonymity , perhaps , but it is certainly superior to trusting the Internet unconditionally . Developers , of course , can also build Tor-routing functionality into the app directly—the Guardian Project 's Netcipher library is designed for that purpose .
The one remaining piece of the IoT puzzle is what to do about devices that rely on maintaining a connection to a remote web server in order to function . Some such devices can still function with only a LAN connection , which can in turn be routed over Tor . Others , however , fail to function if they can not `` phone home . '' At that point , the only solution may be to avoid the device in question . Freitas said he was investigating which IoT devices work in LAN-only mode and will try to ensure that they can function when routed over Tor .
But which devices go into the home will ultimately remain the user 's choice . The security-versus-convenience trade-off has attracted a fair amount of attention from highly technical users , but it remains to be seen whether or not the industry as a whole will ever care . Freitas said he hopes that the Guardian Project 's IoT work can demonstrate that the steps required to secure this class of device are small and easy to take , if one is interested in the goal .
Volume I , pre-WWI : http : //www.schifferbooks.com/deadly-beauties-rare-german-handguns-vol-1-1871-1914-pre-world-war-i-5906.html
Volume II , 1914-1945 : http : //www.schifferbooks.com/deadly-beauties-rare-german-handguns-vol-2-1914-1945-world-war-i-a-weimar-a-third-reich-5907.html
Available also through Amazon : http : //amzn.to/2rokzYx
Deadly Beauties is a photographic collection of rare and collectible German pistols from 1871 through 1945 , split into two volumes . The written sections are quite brief , and the photography is beautiful . More importantly , the photography was well directed by the authors , focusing on the details of the guns which are of the most interest to students of firearms history and development .
It is hard to ay much else about the book , since its content is so thoroughly photographic , so I will let a partial list of the guns speak for itself :
Volume I
Mauser C77 Presentation 1879 Reichsrevolver Experimental C96 Carbine in 7.63x41mm Borchardt-Luger # 5 Chilean GL-marked Luger 1892 Prototype Bergmann Mauser C06/08 Presentation Engraved 6-Shot C96
Volume II
Artillery Luger with Night Sights Nickl `` Reihenfeuer '' C96 Machine Pistol Mauser Nickl .45 Caliber Prototype Walther Toggle-Locked Prototype DWM Baby Luger Stocked Walther Armee Pistole Walther Stamped Prototype Volkspistole BSW Prototype Double Stack Mauser HSv Mauser Prototype Sheet Metal HSc
http : //www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Cool Forgotten Weapons merch ! http : //shop.bbtv.com/collections/forgotten-weapons
He should be in jail for a very long time
Video has surfaced from the Charlottesville rally/riot that shows a white supremacist asshole pulling out a pistol and saying “ Hey n * * * * * . ” Then , pointing his pistol directly forward , he tries to shoot that pistol at someone . But his safety is on . After he takes the safety off , he thinks better and points the pistol toward the ground and shoots . The New York Times has the video care of the Virginia ACLU , and does n't quite report exactly what happened—which is peculiar .
To make his escape , a video recording shows , the armed protester strolled past a line of about a dozen state police troopers who were safely positioned about 10 feet away behind two metal barricades . None of them budged . “ We all heard it and ran — I know damn well they heard it , ” said Rosia Parker , a community activist in Charlottesville . “ They never moved. ” Police had a suspect in the shooting in custody on Saturday morning , according to an official familiar with the investigation , who requested anonymity to provide information not yet public . But residents are still demanding to know why officers did not act in real time as heavily armed people fought and a car sped toward a crowd , killing a woman . So stark was the police failure to intervene , many participants in the protest and counterprotests believe it was by design .
Maybe they can not say that this was an alleged attempted murder on the part of the man in the video , but it sure seems that way . The fact of the matter is if that guy was black and he had an ounce of weed on him he might end up in jail for a decade . The case that white supremacist groups should be treated similarly to Islamic terrorist groups domestically is very strong . Video like the one in Charlottesville makes you wonder whether that would even matter if law enforcement is already too compromised .
With more than 400 alternative cryptocurrencies in the market , it can be hard for point of sale providers and merchants to know which ones to accept . To determine which altcoins to support in its own point of sale system , Coinkite held a contest .
`` When we started we wanted to be coin-agnostic , '' says Rodolfo Novak , founder and CEO of Coinkite . `` One of the biggest challenges around altcoins is that [ Coinkite ] received hundreds of coin requests per week and it 's very hard to decide which one to add . ''
Toronto-based Coinkite accepts Bitcoin , Litecoin and BlackCoin . Each digital currency has different traits that make it more appealing for certain uses . For example , BlackCoin 's hybrid proof of stake/proof of work mining model consumes less energy and confirms transactions faster than Bitcoin and Litecoin , which exclusively use a proof of work model to validate transactions .
`` We opened up a contest to the [ alt ] coins out there to submit the technical specifications of a coin and send money to a specific address to test if there 's enough support for the coin , '' says Novak .
About 10 to 15 altcoins were part of the contest , including BlackCoin , Dogecoin , Vertcoin and Auroracoin . The coins had to adhere to certain guidelines . Then 25 bitcoins worth of that particular altcoin had to be sent to an address .
The currencies that reached the goal within three months would be accepted on Coinkite , says Novak . `` Blackcoin reached the goal overnight , '' he says .
None of the other coins made the goal .
`` There are very few coins that are actually supported by real point of sale equipment , '' says Adam Kryskow , U.S. representative for the BlackCoin Foundation , a trade group helping to educate consumers about the altcoin . `` Coinkite was a pretty big push for us because it gave our coin real world usability through retail adoption . ''
Novak would not disclose the number of Blackcoin transactions that have taken place on Coinkite merchant terminals , but Kryskow says he has seen receipts documenting the active use of Blackcoin .
Litecoin , the second largest virtual currency by market capitalization , and Dogecoin , the digital currency named after an Internet joke , have seen adoption from merchants and point of sale providers .
Part of the money that was raised by Blackcoin supporters went to the Blackcoin Foundation and part stayed with Coinkite for development , says Novak . The money raised for the altcoins that did n't win the contest was donated back to each altcoin 's specific foundation .
Merchants using Coinkite 's point of sale terminal pay a $ 30 monthly fee for unlimited transactions without a per-transaction fee . Plus , merchants get residual income ( in cryptocurrency ) from any new user they connect to the Coinkite platform . For example , if a consumer transacts on a merchant 's Coinkite terminal and then signs up for a wallet account at a fee of $ 10.86 a month , Coinkite will give the merchant back 10 % of the new member 's first payment and 5 % of everything the consumer spends with Coinkite after that .
Merchants who do n't want to pay a monthly fee can opt to instead pay a 1 % fee on all transactions . Merchants also receive 10 % back on the terminals they sell . Terminals , which can be converted into exchange machines similar to Bitcoin ATMs and include a QR code scanner and WiFi , cost $ 880 .
The terminals can accept payment from any third-party wallet account but they do not accept government currencies such as U.S. or Canadian dollars .
`` It would have become more complicated to sell worldwide then , '' Novak says . `` Because we only accept cryptocurrency we were selling worldwide from day one . ''
Coinkite has hundreds of merchants around the world , with about 50 or 60 in the U.S. , Novak says . Its clients include Stoney Creek Roasters , a coffee shop in Ohio ; Stuntz Family Dentistry in Iowa ; and Tivoli Brasserie , a restaurant and bar in The Netherlands .
Coinkite has also created a server-side cryptocurrency wallet that allows for cold or offline storage .
In about two weeks , Coinkite will release a set of application programming interfaces ( APIs ) that will allow anyone to build and host their own wallet if `` they do n't want to trust us , '' says Novak .
This wallet and products like the Armory Technologies Inc. multi-signature wallet build on the decentralized trustless ideals of Bitcoin itself in that the service provider doesn '' t have influence over the tools .
Coinkite also makes cryptocurrency chip and PIN `` debit cards '' that can be loaded with Bitcoin , Litecoin or Blackcoin and used at any Coinkite terminal . The price of a bitcoin is currently hovering around $ 600 .
The American Association of University Women ( AAUW ) held a tweetstorm campaign Tuesday to lament the gender-wage gap in `` honor '' of Equal Pay Day .
The group invited supporters to “ ‘ Celebrate ' Equal Pay Day with AAUW on Twitter ” by tweeting with the hashtag “ # EqualPayDay ” to “ urge for action to ensure that ALL women are paid what they 're worth . ”
“ You ca n't mansplain away the gender pay gap . ”
[ RELATED : Feminist students campaign against ‘ sexist microaggressions ' ]
“ The typical woman working full time , year-round in the United States is paid just 80 cents for every dollar a man is paid , ” the AAUW claims , citing its own research and noting that this “ means she has to work until April 4 , 2017 , to be paid as much as the typical man took home by December 31 , 2016 . ”
The organization got the ball rolling with several tweets of its own .
“ Can you imagine only getting 80 % of a cup of coffee ? Welp that 's kinda what the pay gap feels like , ” stated one AAUW tweet . “ The gender pay gap is all math , not myth , ” another tweet declared .
Albert S. Fu , a professor of sociology at Kutztown University , was among the many professors who participated in the effort , posting a tweet asserting that “ You ca n't mansplain away the gender pay gap . ”
Marcy Karin , a law professor at the David A. Clarke School Of Law , tweeted about the importance of acknowledging intersectionality on Equal Pay Day .
“ Intersectionality matters : economic security is 2x as challenging for Black women ; Latinas & some [ Asian American Pacific Islanders ] have [ the ] largest # wagegap . # EqualPayDay ” Karin wrote .
Rebecca Rivera , a communications professor at Quinnipiac University , also chimed in .
“ Parents sending sons & daughters to # college - you 're paying equal tuition , ” she tweeted . “ Demand equal pay . cc @ QuinnipiacU # EqualPayDay . ”
In addition , the AAUW even designed a number of kitschy images for Twitter , with one saying that “ Humans will probably walk on Mars before women achieve equal pay , ” while another remarked that “ When the stuff of science fiction seems more likely than equality , that 's a problem . ”
[ RELATED : AAUW : ‘ Straight white men ' host too many awards shows ]
A corresponding press release reiterates the claim that women are still paid less than men , expressing hope that state and national legislators will take action to intervene .
“ If nothing is done to address it , the pay gap wo n't close in our lifetimes , ” warned Lisa Maatz , vice president of government relations and advocacy at AAUW . “ Women ca n't continue to rely on winning the boss or geography lottery when it comes to pay equity . If America wants to truly be a global economic superpower , we must close the pay gap . ”
While noting that there are currently efforts underway in Congress and in 40 different states to impose the government into salary negotiations , the AAUW is also working to provide resources and information to help women negotiate more effectively for themselves .
In addition , the AAUW will also celebrate five other “ Equal Pay Days ” later this year : one each for Mothers , Asian Americans , Black Women , Native Americans , and Latina Women .
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ Toni_Airaksinen
I think it 'd be cool if someone could categorize what she 's said according to novel , as well . I 've seen this done for other authors .
Done -- 161.97.209.121 17:53 , 16 November 2006 ( UTC )
The Atlas Shrugged article should not be merged with the Ayn Rand article . They are separate entities , and should be kept that way . 129.215.149.98 09:12 , 6 February 2007 ( UTC )
Is there any disagreement in that this article needs pictures and perhaps some kind of design ?
-- StefanoB 17.36 , 29 April 2009 ( UTC )
this could help
http : //www.cracked.com/video_18426_ayn-rand-5Bplaceholder5D.html
Native American Quote [ edit ]
Regarding :
`` [ The Native Americans ] did n't have any rights to the land and there was no reason for anyone to grant them rights which they had not conceived and were not using .... What was it they were fighting for , if they opposed white men on this continent ? For their wish to continue a primitive existence , their `` right '' to keep part of the earth untouched , unused and not even as property , just keep everybody out so that you will live practically like an animal , or maybe a few caves above it . Any white person who brought the element of civilization had the right to take over this continent . '' * Source : `` Q and A session following her Address To The Graduating Class Of The United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , March 6 , 1974 ''
I note that on page 102-104 of the Book Ayn Rand Answers ISBN 0-451-21665-2 there is an answer to the question `` When you consider the cultural genocide of Native Americans , the enslavement of blacks , and the relocation of Japanese Americans during World War Two , how can you have such a positive view of America ? '' in the Q & A section of a lecture , `` Philosophy : Who Needs It '' given at West Point Military Academy , 1974 . Parts of the quote as given above ( and I 'll note given verbatim to other websites that misattribute this quote to her book The Virtue of Selfishness ) do not match precisely with the answer as given in the book :
Now , I do n't care to discuss the alleged complaints American Indians have against this country . I believe , with good reason , the most unsympathetic Hollywood portrayal of Indians and what they did to the white man . They had no right to a country merely because they were born here and then acted like savages . The white man did not conquer this country . And you 're a racist if you object , because it means you believe that certain men are entitled to something because of their race . You believe that if someone is born in a magnificent country and does n't know what to do with it , he still has a property right to it . He does not . Since the Indians did not have the concept of property or property rights -- they did n't have a settled society , they had predominantly nomadic tribal `` cultures '' -- they did n't have rights to the land , and there was no reason for anyone to grant them rights that they had not conceived of and were not using . It 's wrong to attack a country that respects ( or even tries to respect ) individual rights . If you do , you 're an aggressor and are morally wrong . But if a `` country '' does not protect rights -- if a group of tribesmen is the slaves of their tribal chief -- why should you respect the `` rights '' that they do n't have or respect ? The same is true for a dictatorship . The citizens in it have individual rights , but the country has no rights and so anyone has the right to invade it , because rights are not recognized in that country ; and no individual or country can have its cake and eat it too -- that is , you ca n't claim one should respect the `` rights '' of Indians , when they had no concept of rights and no respect for rights . But let 's suppose they were all beautifully innocent savages -- which they certainly were not . What were they fighting for , in opposing the white man on this continent ? For their wish to continue a primitive existnece ; for their `` right '' to keep part of the earth untouched -- to keep everybody out so they could live like animals or cavemen . Any European who brought with him an element of civilization had the right to take over this continent , and it 's great that some of them did . The racist Indians today -- those who condemn America -- do not respect individual rights .
Does anyone have access to the original audio and can confirm the correct wording of this quote ? —This unsigned comment is by 63.252.244.50 ( talk • contribs ) 02:04 , 27 February 2007 .
Perhaps someone will transcribe the exact words Rand spoke and attribute them to the published source of those words , such as the taped lecture published by ARI and referenced above by user 63.252.244.50 . Meanwhile , I will remove this unverified putative quote because it has several suspicious features including the bracketed reference to Native Americans and the ellipsis , as well as the racial reference ( any white person ) in place of the more probable cultural one ( any European ) as found in the Ayn Rand Answers quote . Of course if the quote is accurate it shows what looks to me like a significant weakness in Rand 's world view , or at least an uncharacteristic sloppiness in its expression , and ought to be retained . -- Blanchette 22:22 , 23 October 2007 ( UTC )
The wording of the quote is corroborated in Derrick Jensen 's book Endgame , Volume 1 , on page 220 . In the bibliography , the author cites :
Rand , Ayn . Talk given at the United States Military Academy at West Point , NY , March 6 , 1974 . Nita Crabb , who has been of invaluable assistance in tracking down sources , was able to obtain a CD of this talk with the help of some extraordinary librarians at West Point . The sound quality is poor , but where you can hear what she says , it really is quite appalling . ''
Though to be fair , anything Rand wrote was `` appalling '' to most collectivists . —This unsigned comment is by 58.34.70.168 ( talk • contribs ) .
The quote above is not a direct quote , but paraphrasing with some sections left out . An audio of her comments can be found online . Rand 's comments came during a Q & A with cadets . The question was asked at 9:30 into the recording . She first discusses slavery , and then Japanese internment . Rand 's comments about American Indians can be heard starting at 17:45 . The audio recording can be found online at this website address : http : //www.aynrand.org/site/PageServer ? pagename=reg_ar_pwni . Philkon ( talk ) 14:51 , 15 June 2013 ( UTC ) Phil Konstantin
The links to the audio recording are now broken . If it was taken by US military personnel , I believe that would make it public domain . If somebody still has access to this recording , perhaps it can be archived on the commons ? -Fadookie ( talk ) 18:05 , 29 May 2014 ( UTC )
The recordings appear to still be online here ( speech ) and here ( Q & A ) . Zp99 ( talk ) 18:28 , 31 May 2014 ( UTC ) Update : It 's the correct recording and she did say those things , but it needs to be re-transcribed , because not all the words are exact . Zp99 ( talk ) 00:11 , 1 June 2014 ( UTC )
A full transcribe of the audio from Q & A reference by Zp99 ( talk ) ( thank you ! ) from 15:00 to 23:02 . I apologize if the words are not 100 % precise ; I only went through it once , so a word or sentence here or there might be wrong . I include timestamps to hopefully make any correction needed that much easier to do :
Islamic State : Hizb ut-Tahrir spokesman says allied mission in Iraq and Syria 'infinitely greater in barbarity '
Updated
An Islamic political organisation , which has been heavily criticised by the Prime Minister , has described the actions of Australia and the United States in Iraq as more barbaric than those of Islamic State militants .
A spokesman for Hizb ut-Tahrir - which advocates for a global caliphate or Islamic state which follows sharia law - said US-led missions in Iraq had killed more than 1 million Iraqis .
`` What I 'm opposed to is a level of oppression , of barbarity that far exceeds anything ISIS would even imagine doing , and that 's represented in the actions of governments like Australia and its allies like America , '' Wassim Doureihi told Sky TV .
`` I 'm condemning something which is infinitely greater in barbarity than anything ISIS has ever done or could even imagine doing .
`` I 'm condemning a set of policies that have cost the lives of over a million Iraqis . ''
Later Mr Doureihi told the ABC 's Lateline program that groups like IS did not exist in a vacuum .
`` They exist as a reaction to Western interference in the Islamic lands and they view themselves , rightfully or wrongfully , irrespective of my opinion or otherwise , as a resistance effort to what they regard as an unjust occupation , '' he said .
`` I come from a very clear point of view that , as Muslims , we have a fixed moral compass that says it 's unequivocally , under any conditions , an aberration to kill innocent civilians .
`` Tony Abbott can not say that . John Howard dismissed the slaughter of half a million civilians as an embarrassment . Let 's talk about morality here . Let 's talk about who is the greatest threat to civilian life . ''
Hizb ut-Tahrir has been banned in Germany , Russia and several Middle Eastern countries , but operates freely in the United Kingdom and Australia .
Tony Abbott said he was frustrated that current laws did not allow the Government to proscribe the group , but he said it might be banned under laws before Federal Parliament which would make it illegal to promote terrorism .
`` We are changing the law that will make it easier to ban organisations like Hizb ut-Tahrir , '' Mr Abbott said .
`` There is no doubt they are an organisation that campaigns against Australian values , that campaigns against Australian interests . They are a thoroughly objectionable organisation . ''
Fight against IS waged for 'political expediency '
Hizb ut-Tahrir is holding a public lecture in Sydney on Friday , entitled The War To End The Blessed Revolution , which will focus on the West 's role in attacking the `` noble Syrian revolution '' .
Mr Doureihi said the lecture would explain why the organisation opposed military action in Iraq and Syria .
`` The purpose of this lecture is to demonstrate that what Australia will be doing in Iraq and Syria , like its allies America and others - like they did 10 years ago in Iraq - will be absolutely disastrous , '' he said .
`` And they are not there for humanitarian purposes , they are there for purposes of political expediency . ''
He said the current mission and the 2003 Iraq War were `` state-sponsored terrorism '' .
`` All of you should be outraged at the killing of innocent lives , but we should apply this argument consistently , '' he said .
Australia should focus on de-radicalisation , not bans : expert
The lecture prompted Mr Abbott to reveal he was pushing for a `` red card '' system to stop `` hate preachers '' coming into the country .
But Hizb ut-Tahrir said the speakers at Friday 's event were all `` local '' .
London-based counterterrorism and de-radicalisation expert Haras Rafiq said Hizb ut-Tahrir in Australia has for decades been preaching that Muslims should support a totalitarian , fascist Islamic state .
He told ABC 's 7.30 program that banning such organisations had proved ineffective in the past and urged the Australian community and Government to do more to challenge their ideologies .
`` Groups like Hizb ut-Tahrir have decades of - because they 've been banned virtually everywhere in the Middle East - have decades of experience in working covertly , so all they will do is set up other organisations , other fronts and organisations , '' Mr Rafiq said .
`` What Australia should be doing is looking at the laws and , yes , extending the laws to prosecute people who are glorifying terrorism , prosecute people who are justifying fighting abroad and fighting against the Australian Air Force or Australian armed forces .
`` Secondly , they should be more counter narrative , there should be more challenges , more de-radicalisation . ''
Mr Rafiq said Australia has a bigger problem with those willing to fight with Islamist groups than other Western countries like the United Kingdom .
`` There are probably around 400 people from Australia that are fighting out in Iraq and Syria , but you have less Muslims than certainly we do in the UK , '' he said .
`` Groups like Hizb ut-Tahrir very clearly are preaching in Australia that the revolution , as they call it , is the right revolution in Iraq and Syria and that the Islamist state is something that Muslims in Australia should support .
`` I think there are four key areas when looking at mentoring somebody ... out of Islamism and jihadism and the four factors are to look at the intellectual , spiritual , emotional and social dimensions of the narrative that drives them them in the first place . ''
Earlier this year , the group was the focus of public outcry over a speech by spokesman Uthman Badar titled Honour Killings Are Morally Justified .
The speech was to have been given at the Festival of Dangerous Ideas held at the Sydney Opera House but was cancelled .
Topics : unrest-conflict-and-war , terrorism , islam , religion-and-beliefs , multiculturalism , community-and-society , australia
First posted
A national animal rights organisation could lose its charitable status due to a farmer-led retaliation against its anti-dairy campaigns .
Advocacy group SAFE has criticised the dairy industry through its highly publicised campaigns , which have targeted apparent mistreatment of bobby calves .
Last year , it released covert footage of calves being kicked , beaten and thrown by farmers and slaughterhouse workers in Waikato .
KIRK HARGREAVES/FAIRFAX NZ SAFE executive director Hans Kriek .
It published a scathing ad in UK newspaper The Guardian , describing the `` shocking treatment '' of calves in the New Zealand dairy industry .
In response , outraged farmers described the campaign as `` emotional scaremongering '' , and said it was an attempt to undermine New Zealand 's economy .
READ MORE :
* 'Dairy cruelty ' claims target UK consumer
* Ad 'applies human emotions to animals '
* 'Murdering ' farmer turns over new leaf
* Hans Kriek : A SAFE pair of hands
* Farmer 's emotional response to calf abuse
In a petition started by Gore dairy farmer Bridget Lowry , which has reached nearly 11,000 signatures , she called for SAFE 's charitable status to be revoked .
The petition has been presented to the Department of Internal Affairs , and is being treated as a formal complaint , which could lead to its status being reviewed .
A spokeswoman said the department had requested information from SAFE about its current activities .
Lowry said she was sick of SAFE 's `` slander against dairy farmers '' , which she said unfairly portrayed them as cruel .
`` There 's so many people out there who are believing what they 're saying . They 've put a huge rift between rural and towns at this stage , '' she said .
`` They just need to pull their heads in and get back to the facts . ''
SAFE did not use funds to educate the public , which it was required to do to maintain its charitable status , she said .
Lowry said she had been threatened by animal rights activists because she was a dairy farmer , behaviour she said was fuelled in part by SAFE 's inflammatory campaigns .
`` Half of the [ threats ] I get are n't even from New Zealand . That 's the worst thing - it 's not just the kiwis being threatening and abusive , it 's coming from overseas as well . ''
According to its most recent financial reports , virtually all of SAFE 's funding - just over $ 1 million - comes from donations .
If its charitable status was revoked , it would have to pay tax on its donations , likely forcing it to downsize considerably .
SAFE executive director Hans Kriek said Lowry 's claims were unfounded and he was not worried about losing charitable status .
`` We were given our charitable status by the Charities Commission , they looked at us and felt we met the criteria . Unless the criteria has changed , we have n't changed , so we 're pretty relaxed .
`` Ultimately , we have a job to do for animals , and we will do the job . ''
He said claims that SAFE did not provide education were demonstrably untrue .
`` Campaigning is educating , but we also have a very serious education programme , which is expanding as we speak . So that is incorrect . ''
Several organisations have faced questions about their charitable status in recent years including :
- Gloriavale Christian Community on the West Coast .
- Family First , which has led several public campaigns against the anti-smacking law and the same-sex marriage law .
- A Head Hunters organisation claiming to be a charity was removed from the register this year . The That Was Then This Is Now Charitable Trust claimed to help rehabilitate ex-inmates into the community . The Charities Registration Board found it was not doing so .
Twitter reported Q2 earnings on Tuesday and investors are n't happy .
The key issue is likely Twitter 's Q3 guidance . The company says it is targeting $ 590 million to $ 610 million in revenue next quarter . Early analyst estimates pegged that number at $ 678 million , according to Yahoo Finance . So that 's a big discrepancy .
The Q2 numbers were n't fantastic either . Twitter added three million new monthly active users last quarter — what analysts expected — bringing the company 's new total to 313 million . But Twitter also reported profits of 13 cents per share on revenue of $ 602 million for the quarter , which is lower than expected .
The stock was immediately down more than 10 percent on the news and seems to be hovering there .
Wall Street was looking for profits of 10 cents per share on $ 607 million in revenue . ( Interesting note : These are basically the same expectations Wall Street set last quarter , and Twitter missed on revenue then , too . )
So here 's Twitter 's dilemma : CEO Jack Dorsey has effectively been in charge of Twitter for the past year , and it 's clear that the company 's growth problem is still a problem . On top of that , Twitter has now missed revenue estimates two quarters in a row , and significantly cut its Q3 guidance . So there 's a clear revenue problem to go along with the growth problem . Not good .
To state the obvious , this kind of production ( or lack thereof ) does n't help Dorsey 's case for running two companies ( remember , he also runs Square ) . It also puts pressure on the board to consider broader options for the company , namely selling . Twitter is in the very beginning stages of trying to transition its business to look more like TV , but it does n't have a lot of runways left .
We are still digging through all the data now and will update this story as we learn more . For those interested , Twitter will hold a call with press and investors at 5 pm ET Tuesday , and we 'll be listening in . Unfortunately , you wo n't be able to watch the call on Periscope this quarter — Twitter is n't doing that any more .
I 'm fairly certain there are several things I did not mention in my profile , but my Santa still somehow picked up on anyways . Like my small obession with boxes . There were so many cool boxes inside my package ! One was coffin shaped , one was headstone shaped , one was pink ( my favorite color ) with skulls on it . Amazing , and they all had different types of treats in them ( some of which I have already eaten ) . They were SUPER creative with packing materials , one of which was a large blow up spider , it was the first think I saw when I opened the present up ! There was even a dog toy for my cute little furry monsters that was shaped like a spider . The first thing they did when they saw it was steal it straight from my hands ! There was also this flashy LED candle that changes colors ! I really could not be more excited . I had the best possible Santa I could have , it really made this year 's Halloween special : )
On that not I 'm sorry it has taken me sooooo long to post ! It was such an incredible gift . I am typing this live from the grad school I go to . I 've been so extremely busy lately , I am so sorry . I promise , promise , promise I will update with pictures just as soon as I possibly can ! Please check back soon ! Again I 'm incredibly sorry this took so long . I feel really bad because your gift was so thoughtful and super incredible ! Thank you so much Santa , you rock : )
The NHL annually holds an officiating camp to introduce players to the world of officiating . Last year , the NHL 's Exposure Combine targeted former junior , college , and professional players .
“ [ The 2014 camp ] was a great success , ” said NHL Officiating Manager Al Kimmel . “ We had 56 participants in our first camp . Out of those 56 , we took 12 officials that , this past winter , worked at the various minor pro leagues . The thought for this year 's camp was to get to younger players involved – amateur players – and subject them to the world of officiating and what 's involved and show them that there 's an option after their playing days to stay involved in the game of hockey . ”
This year 's camp focused on midget-age players from 15-19 years of age . The four-day session was effectively a crash course in the life of a hockey official , including actual game experience .
“ Our goal , ” Kimmel said , “ is to show them what 's involved in the process starting out as a young official , going through the ranks , moving their way up in to junior and into minor pro . Show them what 's involved as far as fitness preparation , mental preparation , rules preparation , and the athleticism that 's required to be an official in the game these days . ”
We sat down with Kimmel , an Officiating Manager handling Scouting and Development with the league since 2012 , to discuss the combine .
Scouting The Refs : What are you looking for from these potential officials coming in ?
Kimmel : “ The big thing is that you can see the passion that these young players have for the game of hockey , ” said Kimmel . “ That 's what we 're looking for — people that show that passion , that excitement . Unfortunately , they may not make it as a player , but officiating is still an opportunity to get out on the ice , be an athlete , show your skating skills , show that mental side that you understand the game and be a valuable asset to the game of hockey in the future . ”
“ All of us , when we 're young , want to make it to the NHL as players , ” said Kimmel , “ but the reality of it is that it 's a very limited few who have the ability to make it and , these days , officiating in minor hockey , the numbers have been declining . This is our way to get a group of young athletes together , create some interest , get them excited about participating as an official , and create a greater officiating pool for amateur hockey and potentially for us at the pro level as well . A greater pool to draw from creates greater competition and improves the officiating product , which ultimately improves the game of hockey . ”
STR : What 's the hardest part of transitioning from a player to an official ?
Kimmel : “ Just grasping the positioning . I know when I transitioned from junior to officiating , ” said Kimmel , “ [ the toughest part was ] just understanding the positioning of the game . You have a grasp of the rules , the behavior , and the management of the game but those basic fundamentals of positioning as a linesman and as a referee – those are all things we go through in the camp . We start off with some classroom , some video and some presentations from some of our staff about positioning , and then we get out on the ice and go through it very slowly so the guys can grasp it . Then we get into some pick-up games where these young players have opportunities to be involved both as linesmen and as referees and get a feel for whether they have some interest in pursuing [ officiating ] in the future . ”
STR : Is there a specific skill-set you 're looking at for a referee versus a linesman ? How do you differentiate who might be a better fit at which position ?
Kimmel : “ We 're looking for that general athleticism , skating ability , [ and ] fitness level . All our officials have to have a high level in all those areas these days . Some players , or some officials are just happy to be a linesman , do their job , others want that ability to take charge of a game and be able to be a referee and play that role . We feel everybody out and get an idea from their personality and their mindset of where they might fit in . ”
STR : You 'd mentioned the mental aspect . Obviously , there 's a lot there for an official that 's not part of the game for a player . How do you approach that ?
Kimmel : “ We do some classroom stuff . We have some of our guest coaches on the bench . We try and give some real , live vocals of what happens in a hockey game , get under the skin of some of these guys and see if they 're able to focus on their job on the ice and the game . ”
In addition to the 46 amateur officials attending the camp , the NHL also invited 27 of their top minor prospects to act as mentors , answer questions , and provide guidance to the young officials both on and off the ice . Those included linesman Devin Berg , who was recently signed by the NHL for the 2015-16 season .
USA Hockey ‘ s Scott Zelkin and Todd Anderson from Hockey Canada were also in attendance to give presentations about the officiating process in their respective organizations . At the end of the weekend , Zelkin and Anderson worked with the players interested in officiating to get them registered for the upcoming season .
STR : What 's next for these potential officials coming out of the camp ?
Kimmel : “ We 'll follow up with these players going back to their home organizations and get them implanted so that they 're able to participate as officials this coming year . ”
“ I think it 's a great opportunity for officiating – both amateur and pro . It 's good to provide some of these new young officials back to amateur hockey in Canada and the US . We actually have an official from Mexico as well , so it 's worldwide . We have a referee in our American League staff from Russia [ Evgeny Romasko ] so we 're looking at providing resources and scouting young prospects from all over the world . ”
“ Our goal is to create interest in officiating , keep ex-players involved in the game . We 've really found that they 're our best resource moving forward . They understand the game , they have the skills and the athleticism to play the game , and hopefully we can create some interest to keep them involved in officiating and move that aspect forward . ”
Officials ' Report
Potential referees and linesmen were treated to a weekend that included presentations from NHL officials Wes McCauley , Paul Devorski , Brad Kovachik , and Steve Kozari . It made for a memorable time with a lot of lessons learned by its participants .
“ The main thing I took away from the combine , ” said amateur official Lane Gramiak of Winnipeg , Manitoba , ” was what it takes to get to the highest level . They really exposed us to how the NHL operates and how hard their staff and prospects have to work to maintain a certain physical level and be ready to step out onto the ice with the greatest players in the world . I got to see how they run their training camps and got to know the people behind the scenes in charge of the NHL Officiating Department . ”
Gramiak 's in his fifth year as an official . He slowly transitioned , pulling double duty as player and official until he wrapped up his Minor Midget season .
“ Officiating hockey never really seemed like something I wanted to do professionally until about my third year , ” said Gramiak . “ I had started to get opportunities where I was officiating and I really focused on it after that . Since then , it has been something that I 'm very interested in making a full time career . The combine was a really good reality check for me in terms of what they expect out of their staff and prospects and guys like me who aspire to officiate in the NHL . ”
“ The on ice sessions were really good , the physical testing was intense , the times where we got to hear stories from guys like Paul Devorski , Wes McCauley , and Steve Kozari were outstanding , and I think just any downtime we got to spend in the locker room or in the hotel and restaurants were special because we really got to know each other and hear everyone 's different backgrounds and [ their goals in ] officiating . ”
Amateur official Stephen Finkel , in his third year in stripes , made the trip from Warwick , New York , to attend the camp .
“ The combine was one of the best experiences of hockey I have ever had , ” Finkel told Scouting the Refs . “ Everyone there was a great supporter from day one to day four when we left . I had the pleasure of playing with four [ officiating ] prospects that are going to be refs in the NHL . I had the pleasure of having dinner with NHL Stanley Cup Officials Wes McCauley and Steve Kozari . ”
“ I took away that communication is key while officiating , ” said Finkel . “ It does n't matter if you 're talking to a player , coach , or your team of officials on the ice . I learned from some of the greatest officials in the game that you have to work harder and harder every day to create opportunities to be successful in this business . ”
2016 Exposure Camp
Next year , the NHL returns to its Exposure Combine that targets older players , specifically NCAA Division 1 , Division 3 , CHL , and CIS players .
“ A year from now , we 'll be having another pro exposure camp , ” said Kimmel . “ We 'll be bringing in juniors , college players , and expros once again and we 've had a lot of interest in that camp already . It 's a new resource , a new tool that Stephen Walkom brought into our program and so far , so good . It looks like it going to be a useful resource and it 's a great opportunity for players to get initiated and see what officiating is all about . ”
Impact of the Combine
NHL Director of Officiating Stephen Walkom spoke with the Boston Globe about the officiating program , and the importance of introducing it early to players .
“ Not too many people out there have ever officiated , ” said Walkom . “ So when you 've never done it , it 's hard to really appreciate what the guys on the ice make look easy . And so I 'm hoping we can mold some young midget hockey players into at least considering officiating when they 're done playing . If we can get some of these college and university and junior kids to get into the mix , it can only help improve officiating everywhere . ”
“ We need the athletes . We need the guys that are great skaters , ” said Walkom . “ We need people that want to serve the game before they get out of shape . Every league needs people like that . So instead of sitting back and hoping that it happens , we 're making sure that it does happen . ”
Better officials create better hockey . At all levels , the hockey improves with the officiating . For those making the switch , they get to continue their on-ice careers , albeit as referees or linesmen .
“ Just like hockey , ” said Kimmel , “ Not everybody can make it to the NHL as an official . But if you have that passion and that love for the game , there 's always a place for you to stay involved at some level throughout North America and within the game of hockey . ”
The NHL Exposure Camp is looking to help introduce players to those opportunities .
Megalodon is arguably the most insane thing that has ever lived – it had all the underpants staining features of the normal great white shark , except that it made the later look like a Nemo plush toy in comparison . With over 20 meters ( 60 ft ) in length , Megalodon was n't just 4 times the size of a great white – it was also the largest predator to ever swim the open seas , period !
This mega shark was the absolute apex predator during the Miocene and Pliocene epoch – as it ruled the seas for more than 16 million years . It was the perfect killing machine : built for speed , stealth and armed with teeth the size of a hubcap . In short , this magnificent bastard was basically what the other prehistoric nightmare creatures had nightmares about .
We already mentioned Megalodon in our article “ Giant Extinct Versions of Modern Animals “ , but it seems people want to know more about this ancient monster shark . The question that was on most people 's mind was : “ Is there any prove of Megalodon still being alive today ? ”
Could Megalodon still be alive ?
——————————————————————
As with most unbelievable things we want to be true – like an ATM machine that gives away free money , there is no concrete evidence that such a thing actually exists . Common believe among the scientific community is that Megalodon went extinct around 1,5 million years ago . However , there is also a group of scientists who believe Megalodon could actually be alive and well today – lurking somewhere in the depths of our unexplored ocean .
This believe is fueled by the fact that the ocean is quite a good place to hide in when you consider that 95 % of it still remains unexplored . New creatures are being discovered all the time – including some that were believed to have gone extinct millions of years ago . These are n't small creatures that are easily overlooked either . In many cases we are talking about true-to-life giant sea monsters , which , for a long time , were believed to be myths as well . Below we have rounded up some of these mysthical creatures , which turned out to actually exist .
The Giant Oarfish
The Giant Oarfish , are among the largest fish in the ocean , with some that can grow to up to 15 meters ( 50 ft ) long ! Because of its colossal size , many believe sea serpent folklore and stories of mythological sea creatures originate with this enormous fish .
For a long time , the Giant Oarfish was thought to be a mere myth . That was untill one actually washed ashore in Mexico .
The Giant Squid
Tales of giant squid have been common among mariners since ancient times , and may have led to the Norse legend of the kraken , a tentacled sea monster as large as an island capable of engulfing and sinking any ship .
Nobody took the exsistence of this legendary sea monster seriously – that was until a schoolbus-sized squid was actually caught on film in 2002 .
The Megamouth Shark
The Megamouth shark , is a hulking 6 meter ( 18 ft ) long shark that was n't discovered untill just 1976 when one became entangled in the boat anchor of a United States Navy Ship , 25 miles off the coast from Kāneʻohe , Hawaii . Examination showed it to be an entirely unknown type of shark , making it one of the most sensational discoveries in 20th-century ichthyology
The Frilled Shark
The bizarre looking Frilled Shark , which we only knew about from fossils and was believed to gone extinct millions of years ago , until one was caught on camera in 2007 being very alive .
Coelecanth : The World 's Oldest Known Fish
While not exactly a frightening sea monster , the coelacanth is still a good example of how a species can remain hidden for such a long time . Considered a ” living fossil ” , this is the oldest species of fish in the world . They were thought to have gone extinct at the end of the cretaceous period over 65 million years ago , and fossils of the coelacanth have been found that date back over 350 million years .
But againt all odds , a team of divers off the coast of South Africa came face to face with a living Coelacanth .
——————————————————————
Even if there is no hard evidence to suggest that Megalodon still exists – these , relatively newly discovered , sea monsters do prove that large animals can survive undetected over a very long period of time . So why could n't Megalodon do the same ?
If the monster shark did indeed survive then finding enough food to support it 's massive size would be a challenging task . Therefore , the depths of the ocean would be the most logical hiding place . See , things can get freakishly large in the deeper parts of the ocean ( Deep-sea gigantism ) . Giant squids , tube worms , and sperm whales would make an excellent meal for a shark this enormous . If Megalodon would indeed be alive today , then this would also explain why no one has ever seen a corpse of this monstershark – the dead body of a shark does not float , it immediately sinks to the bottom and quickly decomposes . If they really do live in such deep waters then this means it will be very hard to prove the Megalodon 's existance . Someone would need to catch it on camera – deepdown in its natural habitiat , pretty much like what happened with the Giant Squid .
——————————————————————
Megalodon Sightings
In 1918 , Australian marine biologist David Stead recorded events when local fisherman refused to go back out to sea after witnessing an incredibly large creature . These were experienced sailors , well familiar with whales and large sharks , but whatever they witnessed , frightened them so much that they refused to work any longer . Stead said :
The fishermen described it as between 35 and 90 meters long and pure white in color .
That seems unbelievable though , even for a Megalodon . Could a shark really grow to that size ? Were these men exaggerating , or were they just confused ? If it was n't a Megalodon that frightened them so much , then what else could it have been ?
——————————————————————
The Bloop
The Bloop is the name given to an unidentified and extremely powerful underwater sound detected by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) in 1997 . The sound , traced to somewhere around a remote point in the south Pacific Ocean , was detected several times . According to the NOAA description , it “ rises rapidly in frequency over about one minute and was of sufficient amplitude to be heard on multiple sensors , at a range of over 5,000 km . Scientists believe that the sound is the most likely to come from some sort of animal , because its signature is a rapid variation in frequency similar to that of sounds known to be made by marine beasts .
This is where it gets creepy though… Bloop was detected by sensors up to 4800 kilometres apart , meaning the sound was far louder than any whale noise . This baffled scientists , who are still wondering if there could be a creature hiding somewhere in the ocean that is several times larger then a Blue Whale . If so , then maybe the fisherman , David Stead encountered , were n't ' t exaggerating when they described a creature of between 35 and 90 meters long .
The Black Demon of Cortez
In the last few years there have been many reported sightings to suggest a Megalodon may be terrorizing the Sea of Cortez , just south of the California border . The locals refer to this giant sea monster as the “ Black Demon . It is said to be around 60ft long , dark and with a huge tail that whips to the surface before diving away quickly .
There have been so many sightings of this mysterious sea creature that Monster-Quest decided to investigate . The team went out to to the Sea of Cortez in search of this animal , but like with every other episode , they did n't find anything . I am starting to think “ Monsters ” in general are kinda camera shy . Still , even though Monster Quest did n't find anything , the Sea of Cortez would make the perfect hiding spot for a giant prehistoric shark . It is home to some extremely large sea creatures that would make a great food supply for a shark that size , and it 's the deepest portions can drop down to 12,000 feet .
——————————————————————
Could Megalodon still be out there somewhere , waiting to make its existence known in a spectacular and no doubt horrifying way , could the mysterious “ Bloop ” be linked to a living Megalodon , or was the sound something totally different , and are people mistaking creatures such as the Whale shark for a Megalodon ? I am afraid we will never have a clear answer untill one gets caught on film – like with the other sea creatures that were also considered to be mere myths untill not so long ago . What we do know for sure is that a discovered tooth of this mytical monster alone is enough to provide countless generations with their share of , straight-to-video , Monster Movies !
Finally , I would like to leave you this giant shark caught on film in Japan . Could it be a Megalodon ? You decide , but it definitely looks huge !
Well , I hope you enjoyed but if you want more , then be sure to check out : Extinct Monsters That Were Giant Versions of Modern Animals
Posted by Ron
Remember that picture you sent to your family of your children playing in the paddling pool ? Or that private text you sent to someone trusted ? Or when you searched for medical advice ?
Special series : Cyber-hacks This week , the BBC is taking a close look at all aspects of cyber-security . The coverage is timed to coincide with the two biggest shows in the security calendar - Black Hat and Def Con . Follow all the coverage via this link
Then , guess what : those messages and websites you visited will be stored and could potentially be obtained by criminals . What 's more , as soon as these messages are sent , their metadata ( who we speak to , where we were , when it took place and how long we spent talking ) and the content of communications could potentially be read by government agencies with a warrant .
When it comes to the services you 're connected to the internet , the Investigatory Powers Act ( known derisively to some as the Snooper 's Charter ) allows government agencies , under certain circumstances , to access those records . What 's more , a technical capability regulation was leaked in May to the Open Rights Group , a civil rights group . Such a notice would legally compel a telecommunications firm to record all of the communications by the target ( s ) named in the warrant , and to transmit this information , in near real-time , in a readable format ( if it 's already in a readable format ) .
Following the recent terror attacks in London and Manchester , Prime Minister Theresa May reiterated her intention to “ regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremist and terrorism planning . ”
This is to help protect us from future acts of terrorism – and disclosing intercepted content in real time is n't new – but is it an intrusion into our private lives ?
Safety vs privacy – which is more important ?
In the UK , the vast majority of the population support the prevention of terrorism : in 2010 , a survey revealed that nine in 10 are happy with a proportionate loss of privacy in certain circumstances , such as full-body scanners in airport security checks . And in 2015 , another survey showed that double the amount of Americans were concerned the government was n't doing enough to fight terrorism than the amount of Americans who were concerned with losing certain civil liberties in the process .
The IP Act first came into effect on 29 November 2016 . From that point , all telecommunication services whose providers were given notice by the Secretary of State were compelled to store records of certain electronic communications , and record people 's internet connection records , as well as , when served with a warrant , allow the government access to this information .
But what if one day , information regarding every app , email , instant message , text , podcast , video and Skype call might be recorded and stored by service providers ?
Whilst the actual content of these communications is not stored , it is the associated metadata that is recorded . For intelligence agencies , this information can offer far more insight than the actual content of the communication .
The Investigatory Powers Act was enacted in order to protect against terrorist attacks - and indeed , all crime - but the wide-reaching surveillance powers enshrined in this legislation has been likened by some to someone accessing your phone . “ Under the guise of counter-terrorism , the state has acquired totalitarian-style surveillance powers and this is the most intrusive system of any democracy in history , ” says Silkie Carlo , senior advocacy officer with Liberty , a UK-based human rights watchdog group .
There is the argument of “ Nothing to hide , nothing to fear ” , in support of what some might consider mass surveillance . However , whilst we may have nothing to hide , we still have the right to a private life .
Unfortunately , in recent years , some have come to view ‘ privacy ' as having something illicit to hide . Privacy may be a significant concern to people who are engaged in legal , but immoral activities , but all internet users should be concerned about the security of their data and safeguards against its misuse .
Under the guise of counter-terrorism , the state has acquired totalitarian style surveillance powers and this is the most intrusive system of any democracy in history - Silkie Carlo
Others have argued that internet companies , like Facebook and Google , already have access to much of this data . However , we consent to this access in exchange for free use of their services , through accepting their terms and conditions .
The Investigatory Powers Act replaced parts of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 and expanded the surveillance powers to include all forms of communications . “ It is legislating their existing powers so they could be regulated and there could be some oversight of what they are doing , ” says Monica Horten , a visiting fellow for the London School of Economics .
Potential blanket surveillance formalises intelligence services ' ability to store and analyse the communications of a population for any possible crimes being committed - major ones that threaten national security . Through automated or manual analysis of our online behaviour , the intelligence services will be able to predict potential terrorists plotting new attacks .
“ The interception [ of online communications ] exists , it is just a matter of putting things into formality , which is better , because you can have oversight and some level of judicial scrutiny , ” says Yair Cohen , social media solicitor and author of The Net is Closing : Birth of the e-police . “ Nobody is complaining when terrorists are stopped because of interception . ”
However , blanket surveillance that harvests everyone 's data presents its own problems .
Investigating criminals ' online info needs to be more precise
“ The Draft Regulation Capability Notice does not tell us anything we did n't know anyway when the bill went through , ” says Ross Anderson , professor of security engineering at Cambridge University . “ They explicitly give [ government agencies ] the power to serve arbitrary secret orders on technology firms . This is going to lead to serious trouble . ”
One of the key aspects of the Investigatory Powers Act is that internet connection records will be stored for a year . Unlike browsing history , which records each webpage we have visited , the internet connection records are a history of each website visited .
This record of online behaviour provides telling information of whom the subject is and what they do . Repeated visits to the NHS website would indicate a person with medical concerns , whilst visiting a particular bank indicates where they keep their money . “ The amount of data they are collecting is quite a lot and the picture they can build up using the metadata is quite significant , ” says Horten . “ They can build up a picture of you and your lifestyle . ”
The details of the security requirements are mandated in the technical capability notices , which are all confidential . However , the recent hacks of TalkTalk and Yahoo , which saw millions of accounts leaked , highlighted failings within their network security . There have also been incidents where government laptops , containing highly sensitive information , have been lost .
A potential repository of all our personal communications and details , in any country , will naturally become a target for hackers .
Private info motherlode
Using any kind of stored information in any context or country , criminals could be able to conduct increasingly personalised scams , targeting us based on our online habits . Scammers already pose as major banks and large companies , such as BT and Microsoft . Access to internet connection records might enable criminals to perform increasingly targeted scams against individuals , using information such as their favourite online stores or which charities they support , in order to build trust and appear legitimate .
The wide-reaching surveillance powers enshrined in this legislation has been likened by some to someone accessing your phone
With real-time access , scammers could be able to accurately reference recent online activities , making their fraudulent emails appear all that more legitimate .
The sheer of amount of data that can now be collected is colossal . As of 2015 , there were 65 million people living in the UK . As 90 % of the UK population is using the internet , one can do the maths and might assume that this means there will be 58.5 million records . “ Even mathematically , it is an absolute certainty that you will generate false-positives if your starting point for surveillance is the entire population , ” says Carlo .
The Investigatory Powers Act allows a broad number of government agencies audited access to the stored personal data . These range from agencies like the Metropolitan Police and the security services , through to the Food Standards Agency . There is also the question of whom , within these agencies , would be able to view this information and how access to the information would be regulated and audited for potential misuse .
Edward Snowden , who leaked classified information from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) in 2013 was not an employee of the NSA , but a sub-contracted employee from Dell . Despite his status as an external subcontractor , Snowden was nonetheless able to leak the largest number of classified government documents ever in the history of the intelligence services . If Snowden was able to access this information , it is fair to ask what guarantees the public now have that similar incidents will not occur with their private data .
The Investigatory Powers Act also compels telecommunication companies to install government equipment at their premises , for the purposes of interception ( also nothing new ) . Whether this equipment comes under the judicial review is unclear . “ It is like the difference between the police getting a search warrant to search your home , and putting a policeman in to live as one of the family , ” observes Horten .
In order to regulate its use , the Investigatory Powers Act includes a judicial double-lock , where a warrant is required for access , followed by judicial review . However , Liberty argues that this is only a single-lock . “ The Judicial commissioner has to sign off the secretary of state or the police constables on a judicial review basis , which means they are signing off a warrant on the basis that the correct procedure has been followed , rather than signing off a warrant on the basis of the facts , ” says Carlo .
The European Court of Justice has argued that the indiscriminate collection of data was against EU law . Liberty has also gained high court approval to challenge the Investigatory Powers Act .
“ When you have declared yourselves to be God – which is what the Investigatory Powers Act does – there are no powers left to take , ” says Anderson .
--
Join 800,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter .
If you liked this story , sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter , called “ If You Only Read 6 Things This Week ” . A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future , Earth , Culture , Capital , and Travel , delivered to your inbox every Friday .
WASHINGTON : Pakistan must take `` forceful actions '' against the dreaded Haqqani network and the Lashkar- e-Taiba in a manner similar to the way they campaigned against the Pakistani Taliban , a top Obama administration official has said . `` Just as they have vigorously pursued the Pakistani Taliban , they must take equally forceful actions against groups like the Haqqani Network , which pose serious threats to American ( and Afghan ) lives and resources , and Lashkar-e- Taiba , which has the potential to destabilize the region , '' Dan Feldman , special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , said.Having just returned from his final trip to the AfPak region , Feldman acknowledged that there has not been much change in Pakistan 's approach vis-a-vis the Haqqani Network and the LeT — the two terrorist organizations that pose a threat not only to the US but also India.Feldman was speaking at the US Institute of Peace ( USIP ) in Washington on Wednesday.Feldman , who has been Obama administration 's point man for Afghanistan and Pakistan for past one year , is now leaving the US government for the private sector .
Your source code is now downloading . If it does not start download please wait for 10 seconds
Your source code is now downloading . If it does not start download please wait for 10 seconds
Objective Main objective of this tutorial is to explain how to cut an object and how fake mesh cutter works .
Given example will cut a wood stick from all the points where bombs are placed .
Step 1 Basic Setup
Place this script on wood object ( main object ) .
Wood object should have box collider with NO SCALING .
. woodObjectPrefeb is an object which will be instantiated , So woodObjectPrefeb should have same texture as wood .
is an object which will be instantiated , So woodObjectPrefeb should have same texture as wood . The woodObjectPrefeb which will be instantiated should have box collider and rigidbody .
. It is important to place bombs as child of wood object and must be placed only on the wood .
Step 2 Video
Unity - Fake Mesh Cutter For 2D Object
In this video you can see Fake Mesh Cutter for 2D Object in Action .
Step 3 Code Implementation
public class StickScript : MonoBehaviour { //object which will be instanciated public GameObject woodObjectPrefeb ; // bombs are placed as child of wood transform private GameObject [ ] bombs ; private float woodColliderSize , storeRotation = 0 , startingPoint , endPoint , distance , newScale , radius = 15.0F , power = 2000.0F ; private GameObject tempGameObject ; public void blowClicked ( ) { //if there is no bomb to blast if ( transform.childCount == 0 ) return ; //initializing bomb array bombs = new GameObject [ transform.childCount ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < transform.childCount ; i++ ) bombs [ i ] = transform.GetChild ( i ) .gameObject ; //setting rotation to zero if wood is rotated to any other angle if ( transform.eulerAngles.z ! = 0 ) { storeRotation = transform.eulerAngles.z ; transform.eulerAngles = Vector3.zero ; } //bombs array will be arranged in ascending order by their y coordinate . arrangeBombs ( ) ; //fetching size of collider woodColliderSize = GetComponent ( ) .size.y ; //creating object above first bomb . //new objects will be instantiated as child of wood transform . createFirstObject ( ) ; //creating objects below each bomb . for ( int i = 0 ; i < bombs.Length ; i++ ) createObjectBelowBomb ( bombs [ i ] , i ) ; //rotating wood object on its initial rotation . transform.eulerAngles = new Vector3 ( 0 , 0 , storeRotation ) ; //removing wood object 's rendering and collider Destroy ( GetComponent ( ) as SpriteRenderer ) ; Destroy ( GetComponent ( ) as BoxCollider ) ; //new objects will be blasted and bombs will be destroyed . manageChildren ( ) ; } //bubble sort for arranging bombs array . private void arrangeBombs ( ) { GameObject tempY ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < bombs.Length - 1 ; i++ ) { for ( int j = 0 ; j < bombs.Length - i - 1 ; j++ ) { if ( bombs [ j ] .transform.position.y < bombs [ j + 1 ] .transform.position.y ) { tempY = bombs [ j ] ; bombs [ j ] = bombs [ j + 1 ] ; bombs [ j + 1 ] = tempY ; } } } } private void createFirstObject ( ) { startingPoint = findStartingPointY ( gameObject ) ; endPoint = findStartingPointY ( bombs [ 0 ] ) ; distance = Mathf.Abs ( startingPoint - endPoint ) ; //if distance between two bombs is less than 0.1 object will not be created between them . if ( distance < = 0.1f ) return ; //calculating scale of instantiated object . newScale = ( Mathf.Abs ( startingPoint - endPoint ) ) / woodColliderSize ; tempGameObject = ( GameObject ) Instantiate ( woodObjectPrefeb , new Vector3 ( transform.position.x , endPoint + ( distance / 2 ) , transform.position.z ) , Quaternion.identity ) ; tempGameObject.transform.localScale = new Vector3 ( 1 , newScale , 1 ) ; //attaching created object as child to wood object . tempGameObject.transform.parent = bombs [ 0 ] .transform.parent ; } //this will work same as create first object . private void createObjectBelowBomb ( GameObject currentBomb , int index ) { startingPoint = findEndingPointY ( currentBomb ) ; if ( index + 1 < bombs.Length ) endPoint = findStartingPointY ( bombs [ index + 1 ] ) ; else endPoint = findEndingPointY ( gameObject ) ; distance = Mathf.Abs ( startingPoint - endPoint ) ; if ( distance < = 0.1f ) return ; newScale = ( Mathf.Abs ( startingPoint - endPoint ) ) / woodColliderSize ; tempGameObject = ( GameObject ) Instantiate ( woodObjectPrefeb , new Vector3 ( transform.position.x , startingPoint - ( distance / 2 ) , transform.position.z ) , Quaternion.identity ) ; tempGameObject.transform.localScale = new Vector3 ( 1 , newScale , 1 ) ; tempGameObject.transform.parent = bombs [ 0 ] .transform.parent ; } private void manageChildren ( ) { foreach ( Transform childTransform in transform ) { //code for blasting new created objects and destroying bombs if ( childTransform.name.Equals ( `` Bomb '' ) ) { Collider [ ] colliders = Physics.OverlapSphere ( childTransform.position , radius ) ; foreach ( Collider hit in colliders ) { if ( hit & & hit.rigidbody ) { hit.rigidbody.AddExplosionForce ( power , childTransform.position , radius , 3.0F ) ; } } Destroy ( childTransform.gameObject ) ; } } } private float findStartingPointY ( GameObject tempObject ) { return ( tempObject.transform.position.y + ( ( tempObject.GetComponent ( ) .size.y ) / 2 ) ) ; } private float findEndingPointY ( GameObject tempObject ) { return ( tempObject.transform.position.y - ( ( tempObject.GetComponent ( ) .size.y ) / 2 ) ) ; } }
Try the code and implement Fake Mesh Cutter for 2D Object . If you find any query fire them in comment below we will try to solve them out .
Got an Idea of Game Development ? What are you still waiting for ? Contact us now and see the Idea live soon . Our company has been named as one of the best Game Development Company in India .
Almost any computer power user will want to use keyboard shortcuts ( AKA : accelerators ) to get their work done . Fortunately for us , wxPython provides a way to accomplish this very easily using an Accelerator Table via the wx.AcceleratorTable class . In this article we will look at a couple examples to see how this is accomplished .
Getting Started
For our first trick , we 'll begin with a really simple example . Check out the code below !
import wx class MyForm ( wx . Frame ) : # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def __init__ ( self ) : wx . Frame . __init__ ( self , None , wx . ID_ANY , `` Tutorial '' , size= ( 500 , 500 ) ) # Add a panel so it looks the correct on all platforms panel = wx . Panel ( self , wx . ID_ANY ) randomId = wx . NewId ( ) self . Bind ( wx . EVT_MENU , self . onKeyCombo , id =randomId ) accel_tbl = wx . AcceleratorTable ( [ ( wx . ACCEL_CTRL , ord ( ' Q ' ) , randomId ) ] ) self . SetAcceleratorTable ( accel_tbl ) # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def onKeyCombo ( self , event ) : `` '' `` '' `` '' print `` You pressed CTRL+Q ! '' # Run the program if __name__ == `` __main__ '' : app = wx . App ( False ) frame = MyForm ( ) frame . Show ( ) app . MainLoop ( )
The code above is just a panel with an wx.AcceleratorTable object that contains one shortcut key combination in it , namely CTRL+Q . Keyboard shortcuts in wxPython are actually menu events ( i.e . wx.EVT_MENU ) , probably because the shortcuts are usually also a menu item . Thus , they rely on some sort of id . If we had a menu item that we wanted to give a shortcut to , we would use the menu item 's id . Here we just create a new id . Note that we have to use wx.ACCEL_CTRL to “ catch ” the CTRL keypress . Finally , after creating the wx.AcceleratorTable , we need to add it to the wx.Frame by calling the frame object 's SetAcceleratorTable method and passing in the AcceleratorTable instance . Phew ! Did you get all that ? Good ! Let 's continue then .
Learning About Multiple Shortcuts and More
In this example , we will learn how to add multiple keyboard shortcuts and we 'll also learn about how to create a multi-key shortcut . Let 's take a look :
import wx class MyForm ( wx . Frame ) : # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def __init__ ( self ) : wx . Frame . __init__ ( self , None , wx . ID_ANY , `` Tutorial '' ) panel = wx . Panel ( self , wx . ID_ANY ) # Create a menu menuBar = wx . MenuBar ( ) fileMenu = wx . Menu ( ) refreshMenuItem = fileMenu . Append ( wx . NewId ( ) , `` Refresh '' , `` Refresh app '' ) self . Bind ( wx . EVT_MENU , self . onRefresh , refreshMenuItem ) exitMenuItem = fileMenu . Append ( wx . NewId ( ) , `` E & xit \t Ctrl+X '' , `` Exit the program '' ) self . Bind ( wx . EVT_MENU , self . onExit , exitMenuItem ) menuBar . Append ( fileMenu , `` File '' ) self . SetMenuBar ( menuBar ) # Create an accelerator table xit_id = wx . NewId ( ) yit_id = wx . NewId ( ) self . Bind ( wx . EVT_MENU , self . onAltX , id =xit_id ) self . Bind ( wx . EVT_MENU , self . onShiftAltY , id =yit_id ) self . accel_tbl = wx . AcceleratorTable ( [ ( wx . ACCEL_CTRL , ord ( ' R ' ) , refreshMenuItem . GetId ( ) ) , ( wx . ACCEL_ALT , ord ( ' X ' ) , xit_id ) , ( wx . ACCEL_SHIFT |wx . ACCEL_ALT , ord ( ' Y ' ) , yit_id ) ] ) self . SetAcceleratorTable ( self . accel_tbl ) # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def onRefresh ( self , event ) : print `` refreshed ! '' # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def onAltX ( self , event ) : `` '' `` '' `` '' print `` You pressed ALT+X ! '' # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def onShiftAltY ( self , event ) : `` '' `` '' `` '' print `` You pressed SHIFT+ALT+Y ! '' # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- def onExit ( self , event ) : `` '' `` '' `` '' self . Close ( ) # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- # Run the program if __name__ == `` __main__ '' : app = wx . PySimpleApp ( ) frame = MyForm ( ) . Show ( ) app . MainLoop ( )
In this example , we create a super simple menu with one menu item . As you can see , we use the refresh menu item 's id when we create the shortcut in the accelerator table . We also bind the menu item itself to the same event handler . The other two items in the accelerator table are bound in the same manner as before . However , note that the last item in the table as two flags : wx.ACCEL_SHIFT and wx.ACCEL_ALT . What does that mean ? It means that we will have to press SHIFT+ALT+SomeKey to fire the event . In this case , the key we want is “ Y ” .
If you were paying close attention , you will have noticed that there 's an exit menu item too that claims that if you press CTRL+X , the application will close . However , we do n't have that shortcut in our accelerator table . Luckily for us , wxPython will do this shortcut automatically because of the way it 's added to the menu item : “ \tCtrl+X ” . The “ \t ” is a tab character ( in case you did n't know ) and because of that , it tells wxPython to parse what comes after it and add it to an accelerator table . Is n't that neat ?
Note : I was unable to confirm whether or not wxPython adds that shortcut to a separate accelerator table or if it adds it to the one the programmer creates , but it does n't really matter either way since it “ just works ” .
Wrapping Up
By now you should know how to create keyboard shortcuts in wxPython . Congratulations ! You 're that much closer to creating a cool application ! I use keyboard shortcuts a lot and really appreciate it when an application has good , intuitive shortcuts that are easy to remember . If you 're a keyboard junkie too , then you will know what I mean . Have fun !
Further Reading
Note : This code was tested on Windows with Python 2.5.4 and wxPython 2.8.10.1
3 Things Needed to get the whole $ 300 :
Follow these 3 easy steps
A proposal by some state lawmakers is already under fire , even before the legislative session begins . They 're considering making a change in the law to allow students to speak out against homosexuality , if that 's what their religious beliefs call for . Supporters have said this is about protecting the free-speech rights of students who want to express their views on homosexuality . But gay rights groups are calling the idea a `` license to bully . '' Kelly Fussman is the founder of the No Hate Club at Hendersonville High School .
She says she sees examples of bullying every single day . `` I 've had a lot of friends bullied for just being who they are , whether it 's for their sexuality , their gender identity , their religion , '' she said . Fussman says she is worried about the bill in the legislature that she believes could make the verbal abuse worse . The proposal would alter the state 's anti-bullying laws to allow students to speak their religious and political views against homosexuality without punishment as long as the student is n't threatening harm or damaging property .
The 'Necessity ' Of Animal Research Does Not Mean It 's Ethical
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brandon Wade/AP Brandon Wade/AP
A few weeks ago , two prominent scientists , Hollis Cline and Mar Sanchez , wrote a brief piece in The Hill newspaper arguing that animal research is `` necessary . '' They were prompted by the recent National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) decision to phase out the use of primates in controversial maternal deprivation studies .
Scientists have long been fond of claims of necessity — in fact , justifications for animal research have remained largely the same since the writings of 19th century French physiologist Claude Bernard . However , this claim is problematic for a number of reasons .
If animal research is necessary , then it is not necessary in the sense that we have to do it . Rather , it is a choice that we make , a choice that its proponents believe is a necessary means to the end of further medical advances . Such advances are undoubtedly of significant moral importance , but even if we grant the assumption that animals are necessary for medical progress , this does not equate to a moral justification .
Research with humans is necessary to medical progress , but we have set strict limits on the extent to which humans can be exposed to risk and harm in research , even though doing so has undoubtedly slowed the rate of medical progress that might otherwise be achievable . Cline and Sanchez claim that animals in research are treated `` humanely and with dignity , '' but the reality is that the level of protection afforded to research animals is far , far less than that afforded to human participants in research . Most animals involved in research are killed at the termination of the experiment , are kept in conditions not conducive to their welfare , and are otherwise harmed in myriad and significant ways , for example through the infliction of physical injuries , infectious diseases , cancers , or psychological distress .
While nonhuman animals can not provide consent to research participation , we have reasoned in the case of humans that an inability to consent entitles an individual to greater protection and not lesser protection . What justifies our differential treatment of humans and nonhuman animals in research ? For present purposes , it is n't necessary to rehearse every possible argument for and against animal research . It is sufficient to note that very few contemporary ethicists defend the status quo of animal research and , furthermore , that the burden of proof has now shifted to those who would defend invasive animal research .
Given the state of philosophical scholarship , meeting this burden of proof will not be easy or straightforward . Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of the scientific community 's frequent claims of the necessity of animal research is how thoroughly they miss the moral point . For the most part , ethical criticisms of animal research are n't even addressed — as they are n't in Cline and Sanchez 's piece — and when they are , they 're usually dismissed with bad arguments , like this one , that have been refuted for decades .
Further , the claim that `` animal research is necessary to medical progress '' assumes a strong causal connection between the two , but what data we have available cast doubt upon the robustness of this connection . Despite strong claims about the historical benefits of animal research from the scientific community , the accuracy of animal models in predicting human responses has not been evaluated sufficiently , and the lack of certain kinds of data make this evaluation especially challenging . Based on existing data , however , numerous reviews have suggested that the accuracy of animal research in predicting human health outcomes appears to be far less than what we once assumed .
Animal studies also frequently appear to be poorly designed . The predictive value of animal research might increase if study design improved , but this is n't certain . Even NIH Director Francis Collins recognized these concerns in a forward-thinking 2011 commentary , stating that , `` The use of animal models for therapeutic development and target validation ... may not accurately predict efficacy in humans . '' Given these issues , systematic reviews should become routine and strong statements about the utility of animal models should be tempered . This does not mean that animal research has never produced any or even many important medical benefits , but these claims require empirical validation , not simply repeated assertion .
It also means that scientists and science agencies should be much more aggressive about seeking and funding alternatives to animals in research . Support has certainly grown , but investment of money and human labor into non-animal alternatives has been paltry . Even with this limited investment , some impressive advances are being made — witness the ongoing development of `` organs on a chip '' — but much more needs to be done , with more money behind it , and with more of a sense of haste .
Beyond funding , the scientific community simply needs to adopt a better attitude toward innovation in alternatives , or else their limitations will continue to be a self-fulfilling prophecy . This is science — a discipline with a remarkable history of achievement and innovation despite significant technical challenges . Where are the editorials galvanizing the scientific community to continue to innovate without animals ? Where is the Human Genome Project-type investment in alternatives ? To say that animal models are `` necessary '' when alternatives are not aggressively pursued seems a bit dishonest . And given the amount of harm caused to animals in research—whether you think it 's justified or not—we should all want the alternatives field to grow .
Literally thousands of books and peer-reviewed papers have been written on the extent of our moral obligations to animals . As a field that is dedicated to rigorous inquiry and rational thought , the scientific community should take seriously the vast philosophy literature on these topics — the same field that gave rise to the conceptual foundations of science — rather than assertions and rhetoric . When it comes to animals and ethics , there have been very few serious attempts to engage the intellectual issues . Scientists can and should do better .
Samual Garner is a bioethicist living in Washington , DC . He is an associate fellow at the Oxford Centre for Animal Ethics and writes on human research ethics and animal ethics .
In old cartoons , coyotes and roadrunners are arch-enemies . But in present-day ecosystems , a coyote may be a bird 's best friend , carving out areas of habitat where birds can sing in safety because pussy cats fear to tread .
That 's the upshot of research published June 24 in the Journal of Mammalogy , from the first large-scale study of the roaming habits of domestic cats in the United States . Scientists have raised concern about the ecological impact of house cats , estimating that the nation 's more than 74 million pet cats kill billions of birds and small mammals each year . On oceanic islands , cats have caused extinction of 18 small vertebrate species and are the primary threat to 36 more . But few hard data are available on how cats affect population levels of mainland species .
The new study suggests that domestic cats do n't hunt much in protected areas , and likely pose relatively little risk to populations of sensitive native birds that depend on these habitats – at least , provided that other predators , like coyotes , are also present . Instead , the impact of cats on bird populations is probably concentrated in urban areas .
To reach this conclusion , researchers from North Carolina State University recruited nearly 500 citizen scientists , undergraduate students , and middle schoolers to deploy and monitor motion-sensing research cameras , or “ camera traps , ” placed in 32 protected areas across six eastern U.S. states , as well as backyards and small urban forests in Raleigh , North Carolina – a total of 2,117 sites in all .
The researchers analyzed the patterns in 52,863 pictures of wildlife that resulted from this effort . The most important predictor of cat presence was coyote density , they found : where coyotes are , cats are n't .
Coyotes were common in protected areas , found in all but one of the 32 protected areas studied , and detected 33 times more frequently than cats in this habitat . Cats , on the other hand , were completely absent from half of the protected areas . A single cat was photographed in each of 14 protected areas , while just two protected areas harbored multiple cats .
Instead , cats mostly stick to residential yards , where they were detected 300 times more often than they were protected areas . And here coyotes were rare : only five of the backyards in the study yielded snapshots of coyotes .
Studies of cats and coyotes will need to be conducted in other cities , the researchers say , especially those where coyotes may be more urbanized . But the broad geographic scale of the protected areas included in the study suggests that the results reflect general ecological patterns , rather than just relationships that are specific to a particular location .
And overall , the researchers conclude , the presence of coyotes tends to exclude cats from protected areas . More evidence for this view comes from Gambrill State Park in Maryland , the only protected area that lacked coyotes , which also had the highest level of cat activity .
To be sure , the study results do n't entirely negate concerns about the ecological impact of outdoor cats . But they do suggest that this impact is likely to be most acute in – quite literally – cats ' own backyards .
More broadly , the study shows that the new , human-mediated species assemblages that now characterize many parts of the planet can involve surprising interrelationships . Coyotes are relatively recent arrivals to the eastern United States , and human activities like the extirpation of wolves and reforestation of prior agricultural lands are thought to have contributed to their range expansion from the west . They 're often seen as unwelcome migrants – in no small part because they prey on pets like cats — yet it turns out they may also benefit species that have a longer evolutionary history in their new home . Coyote , in other words , remains a trickster . – Sarah DeWeerdt | 7 July 2015
Source : Kays R. et al . 2015 Cats are rare where coyotes roam . Journal of Mammalogy DOI : 10.1093/jmammal/gyv100
Header image : A coyote noses around a woodpile near a house in Capels Mill , North Carolina . Credit : John Flannery via Flickr .
Introduction
Interactions with the Ethereum Classic ( ETC ) system depend on special numbers referred to as public keys and private keys . Private keys are used to transfer funds , install programs , and , run programs . These numbers must be kept secret at all times . Public keys are used to confirm knowledge of private keys without their disclosure . Public keys also provide a means of identifying accounts .
Details
Private keys are 32 byte numbers between 1 and
115792089237316195423570985008687907852837564279074904382605163141518161494336
inclusive . People randomly select them . Some may be concerned that two people might unintentionally select the same private key . The odds of that happening are vanishingly small . In fact , the number of possible private keys is approximately equal to the number of atoms in the entire universe !
Public keys are 64 byte numbers derived from private keys using an odd type of arithmetic with respect to pairs of numbers . Here is a Python script that calculates public keys from private keys :
# ! /usr/bin/env python3 `` '' '' Calculates ETC public keys from ETC private keys . Usage : etc_pub_key < private key > `` '' '' import random import sys A = 0 N = 0xfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffebaaedce6af48a03bbfd25e8cd0364141 P = 0xfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffefffffc2f GX = 0x79be667ef9dcbbac55a06295ce870b07029bfcdb2dce28d959f2815b16f81798 GY = 0x483ada7726a3c4655da4fbfc0e1108a8fd17b448a68554199c47d08ffb10d4b8 HEXADECIMAL = 16 NUM_FORMAT = `` { { :0 { } x } } '' .format ( len ( hex ( P ) [ 2 : ] ) ) def inverse ( number ) : `` '' '' Inverts a number. `` '' '' inverse = 1 power = number for e in bin ( P - 2 ) [ 2 : ] [ : :-1 ] : if int ( e ) : inverse = ( inverse * power ) % P power = ( power * * 2 ) % P return inverse def add ( pair_1 , pair_2 ) : `` '' '' Adds two pairs. `` '' '' if pair_1 == `` identity '' : sum_ = pair_2 elif pair_2 == `` identity '' : sum_ = pair_1 else : if pair_1 == pair_2 : numer = 3 * pair_1 [ 0 ] * * 2 + A lambda_ = ( numer * inverse ( 2 * pair_1 [ 1 ] ) ) % P else : numer = pair_2 [ 1 ] - pair_1 [ 1 ] denom = pair_2 [ 0 ] - pair_1 [ 0 ] lambda_ = ( numer * inverse ( denom ) ) % P x = ( lambda_ * * 2 - pair_1 [ 0 ] - pair_2 [ 0 ] ) % P y = ( lambda_ * ( pair_1 [ 0 ] - x ) - pair_1 [ 1 ] ) % P sum_ = ( x , y ) return sum_ def multiply ( number , pair ) : `` '' '' Multiplies a pair by a number. `` '' '' product = `` identity '' power = pair [ : ] for e in bin ( number ) [ 2 : ] [ : :-1 ] : if int ( e ) : product = add ( power , product ) power = add ( power , power ) return product def convert ( pair ) : `` '' '' Converts pairs to numbers by concatenating the elements. `` '' '' return int ( `` '' .join ( [ NUM_FORMAT.format ( e ) for e in pair ] ) , HEXADECIMAL ) print ( convert ( multiply ( int ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) , ( GX , GY ) ) ) )
The reason for this convoluted process is so that private keys can not be derived from public keys . If you want to learn more , investigate elliptic curve cryptography . The reason for this name is that historically it followed from calculations of the arc lengths of ellipses .
Miscellany
Addresses
The first 20 bytes of Keccak 256 hashes of public keys are referred to as account addresses . These are most often used to identify accounts rather than public keys . Interestingly , public keys can not be determined solely from addresses .
Here is a Python script that calculates addresses from public keys . It requires the PySHA3 package . Addresses are typically expressed in hexadecimal notation and that convention is followed in this script :
# ! /usr/bin/env python3 `` '' '' Calculates ETC addresses from ETC public keys . Usage : etc_address < public key > `` '' '' import sha3 import binascii import sys N_ADDRESS_BYTES = 20 N_PUB_KEY_BYTES = 64 public_key = ( int ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) ) .to_bytes ( N_PUB_KEY_BYTES , byteorder = `` big '' ) print ( sha3.keccak_256 ( public_key ) .hexdigest ( ) [ -2 * N_ADDRESS_BYTES : ] )
Signatures
Private keys provide a way to effectively sign transactions . For this , ETC uses the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm ( ECDSA ) . The basic idea is to create sets of numbers , corresponding to transactions , that can only be generated by the sending account private keys . This is analogous to handwritten signatures that can only be generated by the corresponding hands .
Programs
Programs , or smart contracts , do not have their own public and private keys . Therefore , programs can not digitally sign transactions . Furthermore , program account addresses must be selected by some other means .
Example
Here is a slightly edited session , on a Linux computer , that calculates a public key and address with regards to a random private key . It uses the aforementioned scripts saved in files called etc_pub_key and etc_address respectively :
% PRIVATE_KEY= '' 92788259381212812445638172234843282167646237087212249687358593145563035518424 '' % PUBLIC_KEY= ` etc_pub_key $ PRIVATE_KEY ` % ADDRESS= ` etc_address $ PUBLIC_KEY ` % echo $ PRIVATE_KEY 92788259381212812445638172234843282167646237087212249687358593145563035518424 % echo $ PUBLIC_KEY 9808854183897174607002157792089896992612613490844656534725423301978228163634425857099752732031947328803605451685330420628756154476771607661633738743568351 % echo $ ADDRESS 89b44e4d3c81ede05d0f5de8d1a68f754d73d997
Conclusion
Public and private keys are widely used in ETC and in other technologies . Therefore , I hope this has been enlightening .
Feedback
Feel free to leave any comments or questions below . You can also contact me by clicking any of these icons :
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank IOHK ( Input Output Hong Kong ) for funding this effort .
License
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License .
Bill Burr Ticket Information
Born and raised in the suburbs of Boston , comedian Bill Burr has been bringing his unique , curmudgeonly East Coast sensibility to the stand-up world since he began performing in the early 1990s . Beloved by fans and fellow comedians alike , Burr kick-started his national career with the release of his debut album , “ Emotionally Unavailable , ” in 2003 , and ever since , the comic has been in high demand for live appearances around the country . When you catch the Bill Burr tour 2019 , you can hear his abrasive but hilarious takes on topics like marriage , politics , pop culture , and more . Shop for Bill Burr tickets with the help of the steps below , or get in touch with one of Vivid Seats ' trained customer service representatives online with Live Chat or over the phone ( 866.848.8499 ) .
Check out the list of upcoming Bill Burr show dates to see when this comedian will be performing in a city near you . If you do n't see the right performance , try to filter the list with the sidebar tool . When you 're ready to continue , click “ Tickets. ” Once you 've checked out the Bill Burr shows and have picked the one you 'd like to attend , click different areas of the interactive seating chart , when available , to browse listings , or rearrange the seating options according to price , row , or section . Check that the appropriate quantity of Bill Burr tickets is displayed before you make your selection . Log in or create a new account with an email address you check regularly so that we can contact you about your Bill Burr tour order as needed . Once you fill in the open fields at checkout , submit your request with the red button at the bottom of the page .
Bill Burr Ticket Prices & Tour Dates 2019 ?
How Much Are Tickets to Bill Burr ?
No matter what you 're looking to spend , Vivid Seats has tickets to fit your budget . Check back later for updated ticket prices and tour dates .
How To Get Cheap Bill Burr Tickets
There are always great deals to be found at Vivid Seats . TCheck back later for updated ticket prices and tour dates .
Is the Bill Burr Comedy Tour Coming To a City Near Me ?
Fans can get Bill Burr tickets for shows in San Antonio , Cincinnati , Portland , Boston and Chicago .
On Saturday morning , a tweet from anonymous Twitter user @ savethemhood , known has Hood , made a record tip of 14 million Dogecoins ( estimated AU $ 13,100 ) to the charitable organisation Dogecoin Foundation , via Twitter .
Hood completed the transaction via a tweet to a Twitter Dogebot , usually used to send small amounts of the cryptocurrency as note of thanks or goodwill .
The record transaction supported a Foundation pledge to raise 40 million Doges for Doge4Water , a campaign raising money for the people of the Tana River area in Eastern Kenya , via Charity : Water .
That goal was comfortably reached with the support of the tweet tip . The money will support the construction of two wells and provide clean water to communities
@ tipdoge tip @ Doge4water 14000000 may we all drink water . let the wealthy fill your cup . # savethemhood — Hood ( @ savethemhood ) March 16 , 2014
“ It is astonishing that we have fellow humans on this planet without water . We have the wealth , but not the will . The greedy do nothing…. ” tweeted Hood .
The transfer cost the donator about $ 0.01 and was completed almost instantly because it was executed with cryptocurrency and verified independently . It is estimated that it would have cost between $ 650 and $ 2,100 doge to send that money via Paypal , which would have taken 2-4 days , implying that Dogecoin is some 2000000 % cheaper and 360,000 % faster than using PayPal .
The Dogecoin Foundation , a non-profit organisation founded by the creators of Dogecoin including Australian Jackson Palmer , began accepting and collecting donations for its Doge4Water campaign earlier this month .
> Read more : Techly 's lanndmark interview with Jackson Palmer
Since its beginnings in early December , the Dogecoin community has leveraged its popularity to further several charitable causes — in January , a substantial group donation enabled the Jamaican bobsled team to travel and compete at this year 's Winter Olympics in Sochi . Dogecoin adopters use the online currency primarily to express gestures of appreciation or goodwill , as well as to purchase goods and services .
Every day , millions of Dogecoins are tipped and donated online through Reddit , Twitter , Facebook , and other social media platforms .
Author 's Dogecoin address : D9ytKzrurTuEBiP1PRMboZ3ZCeqFdcY9yB
For the first time in the history of Durga Puja , people will worship a transgender Durga idol that has been inspired from Shiva 's Ardhanarishvara ( half man and half woman ) avatar – an attempt at including the marginalised transgender community in the Puja celebrations .
Every year , hundreds of Durga idols are made for the famous Durga Puja festival in West Bengal . Every street has its own celebration – some are big and some are small . But this year 's Puja at the Joy Mitra street in north Kolkata will be different .
The street will host the country 's first transgender Durga idol . Organised by Kolkata-based sexual rights initiative , The Pratyay Gender Trust , in association with Uddyami Yuvak Brinda , the local club of the area , this Puja will spread the message that humanity surpasses all divides , including gender .
The club has been celebrating Durga Puja for 27 years but it is the first time that they have decided to include about one dozen members of the transgender community in the event 's Puja committee .
The community will worship the idol made on the lines of Ardhanarishvara , or half man and half woman — an androgynous form of Shiva and Parvati .
One half of the idol has a moustache , a pectoral instead of a breast , smaller eyelashes , and a dhoti ( traditional male garment ) . The other half is the female Durga idol which is usually seen at Puja pandals .
The idol was visualised by 55-year-old transgender , Bhanu Naskar , and was crafted by China Pal , who also happens to be the only woman artisan of Kumortuli .
It was Bhanu who had the idea of including the transgender community in the Puja celebrations and contacted the Puja committee . Though , the idea was welcomed by the committee , many locals were reluctant to embrace the idea of a different kind of idol . But , gradually , with word of mouth and media support , the community managed to get everyone 's approval .
“ Ours is an attempt to question these practices and caste/ class structures and to cross gender lines – as ‘ women ' and ‘ outcastes ' – who have traditionally been barred from taking part in integral aspects of socio-religious functions such as Durga Pujas , where decision making powers and participation has by and large remained in the control of men and powerful and upper castes/ classes , ” says the Pratyay Gender Trust team .
They are also running a fund raising campaign on Facebook to generate funds for the Puja .
And finally , this Sunday , the Joy Mitra street in Kolkata will break all stereotypes and embrace people of all gender identities to celebrate their beloved deity in a never seen before avatar .
Like this story ? Or have something to share ? Write to us : contact @ thebetterindia.com , or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter ( @ thebetterindia )
A man attempting to flag Los Angeles police officers down with his arm wrapped in a towel was shot in the head Friday in Los Feliz.The man was shot at about 6:35 p.m. on Los Feliz Boulevard and Tica Drive . He was allegedly raising his arm wrapped in a towel , possibly holding a gun . `` The officer exited the vehicle and quickly said , 'Drop the gun , drop the gun , ' '' LAPD Lt. John Jenal said.Moments later , the officer opened fire.It was unclear if the man had a gun , but the officers believed the man had a gun , Jenal said.The man was taken to a hospital in critical condition.As part of the investigation , Los Feliz Boulevard was expected to be shut down from Griffith Park Boulevard to Hillhurst Avenue until Saturday morning .
ALAMEDA — The Raiders are officially in the market for a middle linebacker with the news Friday that Nick Roach was released with a failed physical designation after missing the entire 2014 season with concussion symptoms .
Roach was injured in the third preseason game in 2014 and experienced symptoms all season . General manager Reggie McKenzie expressed concern for Roach at the NFL scouting combine and sounded reluctant to bring him back in 2015 .
“ As much as we 'd love to have him be our signal caller on defense , I do n't want to risk life-long injury if he goes out there , ” McKenzie said .
Roach signed a four-year contract with $ 5 million guaranteed in 2013 with a maximum value of $ 13 million and played every snap of his first season . The Raiders also released safety Usama Young , ended last season on injured reserve with a neck injury and who also failed his physical .
Miles Burris moved to middle linebacker and started for the Raiders last season and will presumably compete for a chance to start this season .
With Roach and Young off the roster , the Raiders cleared approximately $ 3.12 million from under the salary cap and are $ 67 million under with free agency beginning Tuesday .
The league wire also showed Maurice Jones-Drew , who announced his retirement on Twitter Thursday , as having been released .
For more on the Raiders , visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog at ibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter at twitter.com/Jerrymcd .
ANAHEIM -- It 's hard to believe the Anaheim Ducks once had trouble finding a role for Andrew Cogliano .
But after Bruce Boudreau replaced Randy Carlyle as Ducks coach 24 games into the 2011-12 season , Boudreau had to play Cogliano at center and both wing positions to fill holes and to try to find a place for Cogliano .
Nothing worked .
`` I remember him apologizing [ because ] I played in different positions and it was hard , '' Cogliano said . `` But also , for me , I do n't think I played nearly as capable as I needed to in that first year , which made me one of those guys that was easy to move around . We were both on the same page in terms of I just needed to be put in a spot and be given a role and told what to do . ''
The 27-year-old left wing has since found a role and thrived in it for the Ducks , who will play the Calgary Flames in the Western Conference Second Round . He 's one of the more relentless forecheckers in the NHL , and his speed creates chances for the Ducks .
Those attributes make him valuable in the Stanley Cup Playoffs in ways that ca n't be measured by statistics .
`` He 's a guy I count on and I have a lot of faith in when I put him on the ice , '' Boudreau said . `` When we 're down , he 's usually a guy that sparks a comeback with his energy . He 's going to have bad games , like other people , but it 's never for lack of trying . He 's out there giving it his all , all the time . I think everybody recognizes that . ''
Cogliano 's poor games have been few and far between this season . A staple of Anaheim 's third line , he is among its best at attacking the opponent , killing penalties and chipping in a goal . He scored in Game 4 of the first-round series against the Winnipeg Jets and had three assists in Game 3 .
Cogliano scored a career-high 21 goals last season and had 15 this season .
`` If we did put him on the power play , would he be a continual 20-goal scorer ? '' Boudreau said . `` I think he can score because he certainly gets more chances than anybody else . ''
Cogliano 's game is first and foremost about forechecking and defending the opposition 's top lines , then comes scoring . It 's a niche he began to hone during the 2012-13 season when he played with Saku Koivu and Daniel Winnik .
`` Playing with Saku helped a ton , '' Cogliano said . `` Even Winnik . Really they gave me a good base to play with , and a good two guys to learn that game from , because I was never in that situation . I just felt like things took off from there . ''
Cogliano , who signed a four-year contract extension in January 2014 , cited last season as perhaps his best in the NHL . He had the same mindset going into this season , but it was an adjustment playing with new personnel -- he 's played on center Rickard Rakell 's line in the playoffs , with either Kyle Palmieri or Jakob Silfverberg at right wing -- after Koivu and Winnik departed .
That adjustment period did n't last long .
`` I think it took me a little bit of time to kind of -- I do n't want to say 'find myself again ' -- but get where I needed to be , '' Cogliano said . `` And I think I did that in the last half of the year and hopefully I 'm [ going ] to continue that in the playoffs . ''
Let 's see how fast this story evaporates from the mainstream media .
A man in Chapel Hill shot three UNC students , two women and a man . Normally , a story like this would hit local media , and maybe garner ten seconds in a national newscast , a Fox News alert , or a few column inches in national newspapers . But this story was about a white man shooting three Muslims . The Left 's outrage machine automatically spun up its turbines and punched the afterburner because ! HATE CRIME !
The New York Times is drawn to the hate crime angle like iron to a magnet :
The victims ' families described it as a hate crime . The police said that the shooting appeared to have been motivated by “ an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking , ” but that they were investigating whether religious hatred had contributed to the killings .
The Chapel Hill police 's preliminary investigation indicates that Craig Stephen Hicks , who is charged with three counts of murder , was over a continuing dispute over parking .
Every major news outlet has latched on to the hate crime narrative .
By early Wednesday , however , the story was among the top headlines on national news networks in the United States , with lengthy reports also featuring prominently on the websites of major newspapers including The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times and The Washington Post .
The Left 's knee-jerk reaction is always this must be a Christian or a right-wing conservative on a killing spree against Muslims . But Hicks is n't a Christian . He 's an outspoken Atheist .
Mr. Hicks appeared to have a deep dislike of all religion . On his Facebook page , nearly all of his posts expressed support for atheism , criticism of Christian conservatives or both . Last month , he posted a photograph that said , “ Praying is pointless , useless , narcissistic , arrogant , and lazy ; just like the imaginary god you pray to . ”
Because of this , Muslims insist the killing is a hate crime . Just search Twitter for # muslimlivesmatter . The Leftist media 's hypocrisy and duplicity is so unmissable here that the NYT and others have to focus on the tiny light coming down the tracks instead of the locomotive to avoid it .
Hicks is alive and in custody , just like Nidal Malik Hasan . Hasan shouted “ Alihu Akbar ” ( God is great ) as he gunned down 13 soldiers in cold blood at Fort Hood . Hasan 's ties to radical Islam were unmistakable but ignored by the FBI , yet the media ca n't make the connection between his ideology and his crime . The FBI , under the same administration that directed NASA to make reaching out to the Muslim world one of their foremost tasks , relied on political correctness to label Hasan as a non-threat .
CNN would n't attribute Alton Alexander Nolen 's beheading of a 54-year old woman to Islamic radicalism . That 's workplace violence .
Nolen was trying “ to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible ” for his job loss , [ District Attorney Greg ] Mashburn said . The FBI is also investigating the attack because Nolen “ was saying Arabic terms in the attack , ” Mashburn said . Mashburn said that while Nolen was employed at the plant , he made statements “ saying he did n't like white people , ” which prompted Johnson to file a complaint with the plant 's human resources department .
Yet…we did n't see # whitefemalelivesmatter all over Twitter , and the story evaporated like dry ice , with not even a puddle left .
This is another example of judging the crime by the identity of victim , not the motivation of the criminal . From Charlie Hebdo , to a Kosher deli in Paris , to Ferguson and New York # icantbreathe , the Left decides what 's newsworthy by the victim 's race or religion . Pale penis people , patriarchs , and Presbyterians do n't qualify as worthy of a # matter hashtag , or for extended news coverage .
Unless the media can paint an Atheist killing three Muslims as a hate crime—that he killed them because his non-god told him to do it—and somehow connect that with the Crusades , Jim Crow , or Israel , this story is going to end up in the autumn mist in a land called Honnah Lee .
I give it another day before you never hear about it again . Which is a shame , because three young people lost their lives and deserve better than a hashtag memorial as token Muslim victims .
( crossposted from RedState.com )
Story highlights Lake Superior State University releases its 37th annual list of banished words and phrases
`` Amazing , '' `` baby bump '' and `` man cave '' are among those people asked not to be used
Others on the list include `` ginormous , '' `` win the future , '' and `` thank you in advance ''
The roster of unwanted words first came about at a New Year 's Eve party in 1975
If you 're thinking of setting up an amazing man cave or showing off a ginormous baby bump next year , think again .
A northern Michigan school on Friday released its 37th annual list of words and phrases that it believes should be `` banished '' from the English language , and it suggests that some classic -- and perhaps hackneyed -- should get the ax .
Lake Superior State University once again solicited people online to nominate terms they consider tired , overused or simply annoying . Based on those submissions , the arbiters at the school decided to put the following on this year 's chopping block : `` amazing , '' `` baby bump , '' `` shared sacrifice , '' `` occupy , '' `` blowback , '' `` man cave , '' `` ginormous '' and `` the new normal . ''
`` Pet parent , '' `` win the future , '' `` trickeration '' and `` thank you in advance '' also have been unofficially sentenced to linguistic exile for the crimes of excessive and inappropriate usage , according to the university in Sault Sainte Marie on the Canadian border .
`` Worn-out words and phrases are the new normal this year , but with some shared sacrifice , we can clean up the language and win the future , '' a school representative said in a written statement . `` With the addition of this year 's nominations , the list of words and phrases banished over the years has become ginormous . ''
`` Amazing '' -- arguably one of the most overused adjectives in the English language -- topped this year 's list of submissions , according to the university .
`` Banish it for blatant overuse and incorrect use ... to stop my head from exploding , '' begged Paul Crutchfield from Great Britain , according to the press release .
`` Anderson Cooper used it three times recently in the opening 45 seconds of his program , '' said Sarah Howley , a resident of Kalamazoo , Michigan , referring to the CNN anchor . `` My teeth grate , my hackles rise , and even my dog is getting annoyed at this senseless overuse .
`` I do n't even like 'Amazing Grace ' anymore , '' she complained .
David Hollis from Hubbardsville , New York , insisted that not all men are enamored with the concept of the traditional man cave .
`` It is not just overused , it is offensive to we males who do not wish to hunker ( another awful word , often misused ) down in a room filled with stuffed animal heads , an unnecessarily large flat-screen TV and Hooters memorabilia , '' he said . `` Not every man wants a recliner the size of a 1941 Packard that has a cooler in each arm and a holster for the remote . So please , assign 'man cave ' to the lexicographic scrap heap where it so rightly belongs . ''
Jim Eisenmann from Madison , Wisconsin , had some free advice for politicians hitting the campaign trail in 2012 : dump `` win the future '' or you may not win the race .
`` On its very face , it 's an empty , meaningless phrase , '' he explained . `` It basically says that anyone who opposes anything meant to 'win the future ' must want to 'lose the future , ' which is highly unlikely . ''
`` Ginormous '' seemed particularly irritating this time around , with contributors complaining that its usage shows a lack of proper education .
`` This combination of gigantic and enormous makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck every time I hear it , '' said Gina Bua of Vancouver , Washington . `` Each utterance reminds me of the high school drop-out that first used this offensive word in my presence . ''
`` This word is just a made-up combination of two words , '' adds an Andover , Maine , resident named Jason , who refused to offer his last name . `` Either word is sufficient , but the combination just sounds ridiculous . ''
As for `` baby bump '' -- a term used to describe a pregnant woman 's rounded belly -- this `` is a phrase we finally need to give birth to , then send on its way , '' declared Mary Sturgeon from Vancouver , British Columbia .
`` I 'm tired of a pregnancy being reduced to a celebrity accessory . Or worse , when less-than-six-pack abs are suspected of being one , '' said Afton , a respondent from Portland , Oregon .
Lake Superior State University 's annual `` word banishment '' list was first created at a New Year 's Eve party in 1975 . The school now claims to receive tens of thousands of nominations every year .
( Walter Popp 's cover for the August 1952 issue of Fantastic Adventures )
The sphere — as a manifestation of the perfectly round geometrical shape or replete with various derivations and modifications ( tentacles , slight elongations , eye sockets , limbs both fleshly or mechanical ) — holds a particular fascination for sci-fi artists and authors . The possibilities are endless : spherical aliens , spherical ocean descent vehicles , spherical spaceships , spherical robotic doctors , wizards levitating spherical objects , and spherical legged war vehicles…
I 've selected a delightful variety of these spherical manifestations . In my favorite ( above ) female scientists alternately shout about , gaze at , and document descending spheres — Walter Popp 's fantastic cover conveys unbridled enthusiasm and wonder . I find the menacing mass of a crumpling spheroid downright frightening in Emshwiller 's visual feast of a cover for Andre Norton 's The Defiant Ones !
Enjoy !
What are your favorites ?
( Ed Emshwiller 's cover for the 1963 edition of The Defiant Agents ( 1962 ) , Andre Norton )
( Hubert Rogers ' cover for the April 1950 issue of Astounding Science Fiction )
( John Schoenherr 's cover for the January 1973 issue of Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact )
( John Schoenherr 's cover for the 1967 edition of Against the Fall of Night ( 1948 ) , Arthur C. Clarke )
( Robert Fuqua 's cover for the March 1939 issue of Amazing Stories )
( Leo Morey 's cover for the March 1935 issue of Amazing Stories )
( Uncredited cover for the 1965 edition of Crashing Suns ( collection published 1965 , stories from the late 20s/30s ) , Edmond Hamilton )
( Leo Morey 's cover for the February 1936 issue of Amazing Stories )
( Clifford N. Geary 's cover for the 1956 edition of Time for the Stars ( 1956 ) , Robert A. Heinlein )
( Uncredited cover for the April 1952 issue of Fantastic Story Magazine )
( John Schoenherr 's cover for the November 1962 issue of Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact )
–
Part 1 : I missed the package delivery yesterday ( even though I was home , way to knock Canada Post ! ) So I picked it up today and was blown away ! I had made a small mention that I love Australian goodies in my likes/dislikes and my Secret Santa went way above and beyond and sent a box full of delicious Australian treats ! My family is Australian , so I grew up getting most of these items as gifts when a family member went back to the motherland . So thank you , IAmJesusofCatzareth , for bringing back memories : )
Part 2 : My secret santa had mentioned that a second package was coming but failed to mention that it was MASSIVE ! She sent a bunch of deliciousness from Texas/the US/one from Canada that I had never seen before ! Including ketchup ! This is amazing !
Republicans insist other clinics could fill the void , but experts say that 's easier said than done . Use our interactive map to see how many women access Planned Parenthood services where you live
Texas is defunding Planned Parenthood clinics . What if every state did ?
Texas is defunding Planned Parenthood clinics . What if every state did ?
Following a series of “ sting ” videos released this summer by an anti-abortion group , Republican lawmakers at both national and state levels have intensified calls to defund Planned Parenthood .
On Monday , Texas became the latest state to announce its intentions , the same day a federal judge ordered Louisiana – which cut funding to Planned Parenthood in August – to continue payments to the organization .
In Texas and elsewhere , many Republicans insist that other clinics – ones that do n't support abortion – could fill Planned Parenthood 's role as a major provider of reproductive health services for low-income women . But that 's easier said than done , according to a September analysis from the Guttmacher Institute , a Washington-based thinktank that focuses on reproductive health policy .
More than 6.5 million low-income women in the US visited publicly funded clinics for their birth control needs in 2010 , the latest year for which detailed Guttmacher data is available . More than one-third of them ( 2.4 million ) went to Planned Parenthood .
“ What I think is being missed by those seeking to close Planned Parenthood is the critical role the organization has to play in the family planning safety net in this country , ” said Kinsey Hasstedt , public policy associate at the Guttmacher Institute .
So-called “ safety-net ” clinics offer inexpensive ( or free ) contraceptive services to low-income patients using government funds . They are run by state public health departments , hospitals , community health centers , Planned Parenthood affiliates and other private organizations .
Although Planned Parenthood accounted for just 10 % of safety-net clinics in 2010 , the organization served 36 % of patients .
“ In some parts of the country , it 's really the only game in town , ” Hasstedt said .
In 322 counties , Planned Parenthood served 50 % or more of the low-income women who got birth control through government-funded clinics . In 103 of those counties , the organization served 100 % of clients .
In Texas , the organization provided contraception-related services to more than 180,000 low-income women in 2010 and served a majority of such women in 13 counties .
The state slashed funding for family planning services in late 2011 , a move that targeted Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers .
Counties in which Planned Parenthood serves 50 % or more of all women who go to publicly funded clinics for birth control . Source : The Guttmacher Institute Credit : Nadja Popovich/The Guardian
Planned Parenthood received $ 450m in funds from the federal government in 2013 – 41 % of its total operating budget for the year . Of that money , $ 390m came from Medicaid reimbursements for birth control consultations , STD tests , pap exams and other services provided to low-income women ( and men ) . The other $ 60m came from grants through the Title X national family planning program , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
In recent months , House Republicans have repeatedly voted to cut off federal funds for all such services , though none of the bills have made it past the Senate so far .
Federal money is already barred from paying for abortions .
If defunding efforts were eventually to succeed , the CBO suggests that up to a quarter of Planned Parenthood 's low-income clients – more than half a million women – could have trouble accessing birth control .
Although congressional defunding efforts have subsided for now , state-level attacks on on Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers – such as those in Texas and Louisiana – have now taken center stage .
In Texas , as in Washington , Republican lawmakers argue that diverting grant dollars to other safety net clinics could help fill the gap in family planning services left by Planned Parenthood .
But if Planned Parenthood were to stop serving publicly funded low-income clients , “ there would clearly be shortages of providers ” , said Drew Halfmann , an associate professor of sociology at the University of California , Davis , who studies the politics of health and social policy .
“ You ca n't just cut out tons of providers and not have an effect on the consumer , ” Halfmann said .
Some Republicans , including presidential hopefuls Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz , have pointed specifically to community health centers as an alternative to Planned Parenthood . But such clinics alone “ do n't have the capacity to step up and fill the significant gap of women needing care ” , according to Guttmacher 's Hasstedt – a view shared by other experts .
Although there were more community health center clinics across the US , they served fewer family planning safety-net clients than Planned Parenthood did in 2010 – 16 % to Planned Parenthood 's 36 % .
Removing Planned Parenthood from the picture would strain an already under-resourced family planning system .
Between 2010 and 2013 alone , the number of women who need publicly funded family planning services increased 5 % , from 19.1m to 20.1m . At the same time , the number receiving care from safety-net clinics fell from 6.7m to 5.8m .
“ Limiting access is the opposite of what we should be doing , ” Hasstedt said .
THERE 'S A NEW VERSION OF THIS ARTICLE !
We 've published a new 2017 analysis of SaaS landing pages — This year we 've expanded to over 100 companies — it 's packed with more insights than we 've ever published in one article .
Check out the new analysis here :
SaaS landing pages in 2017 : Our analysis of 100+ top businesses
For this analysis , we scoured over 40 landing pages across the web . It 's clear that web design standards and best practices , as well as advanced optimization techniques , are leading to conformity of most standard elements . However , business websites still need a way to stand out , and to market the product in new and inventive ways to the user .
View the landing pages
Follow Ed 's board Top SaaS Landing Pages on Pinterest .
Elements of a SaaS landing page
1 . Site navigation
Obviously fairly essential , the navigation allows the users to get around your site . Things to consider here include :
How prominent does it need to be ? Users should be able to find it when they want it , but making it the most stand-out part of the page may draw their attention away from actually reading your content .
Simplicity is king ! An overly-complex site navigation will leave your visitors confused like a tourist in a city without a map .
Does it always need to be visible ? Consider hiding it at points when the user will be browsing your page content .
Example : SendGrid
Example : Vend
What did we learn ?
Although a navigation menu might seem like a fairly standard element in any company 's website , there are things you can do here to guide the user through your site 's content in the most natural way for them . Think about :
Scrolling vs. Clicking . Scrolling is perfectly natural – usually more-so than clicking through menus . And it requires fewer page loads .
. Scrolling is perfectly natural – usually more-so than clicking through menus . And it requires fewer page loads . As highlighted in the examples above , keep your navigation clean if necessary by hiding secondary items .
secondary items . Remember that existing customers will land on your homepage too – do n't make it difficult for them to log in to your app !
2 . Hero shot
This is the single image ( or video ) that grabs the attention of your user , and entices them to read more about your product . Quite often this will be a full-width large image , that takes up most of the visible screen . The hero shot has emerged as the leading element of landing pages in recent years , with high speed internet allowing for large , high-resolution images showcasing the product in a much better way than words ever could .
Example : Contentful
Example : Google Apps for Business
There is a huge amount of psychology behind imagery on websites , and how the user is affected by colors , different styles , faces etc . I asked our design / front-end expert at ChartMogul for some input on hero images and the inclusion of people :
“ It 's important to make clear who we 're designing & building for , showing we 're putting real people first , not some technology . And generally humans react more intensely to faces than a product screenshot . ”
What did we learn ?
You do n't have many seconds to capture the attention of a visitor . It 's got to be visually striking or highly appealing to succeed .
Full-page video is just about feasible , given today 's standards for high-speed internet and powerful browsers .
is just about feasible , given today 's standards for high-speed internet and powerful browsers . If your product is not very visual , why not leverage what your customers do with the product ?
3 . Your product 's USP
The USP is your unique selling proposition . It describes in the most concise way possible what your product is about – and persuades your visitor to continue browsing .
Example : Huddle
Example : Intercom
What did we learn ?
Most companies use a one-liner , followed by a subtitle of 1-2 sentences .
If you ca n't get to a simple one-liner , think on a higher level about what your product solves . The Intercom USP above is a great example of this .
Avoid using elaborate adjectives or adverbs here . This is not the sentence that sells your product , it 's simply to pique the interest of the visitor .
Bad : “ Critical customer communication with effortless simplicity and beautiful effectiveness . ”
“ Critical customer communication with effortless simplicity and beautiful effectiveness. ” Good : “ Customer communication made simple . ”
4 . Product benefits
What will the customer get by signing up for your product ? A list often works well here . NOTE : The temptation with this is to gravitate towards listing the features that your product offers , i.e . “ 20GB cloud storage ” . This is not a benefit , and is not compelling . How about “ access all your files from anywhere ” ? That 's a benefit , and the visitor can identify with it , and understand how it improves their life . As the folks at User Onboarding put very eloquently :
“ People do n't buy products ; they buy better versions of themselves. ” – Samuel Hulick , User Onboarding
Example : Geckoboard
Example : Dropbox
What did we learn ?
Show benefits not features ( mentioned above ) . There is a place for feature lists on your site , especially with more enterprise-focused products ( those customers will often evaluate your product with their own list of features that they require ) but that 's not for your landing page – try the Pricing page .
( mentioned above ) . There is a place for feature lists on your site , especially with more enterprise-focused products ( those customers will often evaluate your product with their own list of features that they require ) but that 's not for your landing page – try the Pricing page . Icons can nicely compliment the features you list here , and give an even quicker impression of the benefits you 're offering to customers ( see the Geckoboard example above ) .
Descriptions should still be kept brief , but linking through to a product page for a more detailed overview of the features can also be helpful .
5 . Call to action ( CTA )
This can include a signup form , or simply a button , and is the primary goal of the landing page . A key goal here is to have a single call to action on the page . Multiple CTAs make it less clear for the visitor and risk clouding the powerful message you 're conveying . Multiple options = lower conversion .
Example : Freshbooks
Example : Zenpayroll
What did we learn ?
Be explicit with the copy . Make sure that a visitor knows what they 're doing when they click the button , to reduce the rate of “ accidental ” clicks . You want users to click with full intention .
Put it where the user expects . Unbounce have written many great guides on this , as well as other CTA optimization tips . For example , using “ my ” instead of “ your ” ( i.e . “ Start my free trial ” ) converted 90 % higher for them !
The vast majority of CTA buttons in the landing pages we looked at are green .
6 . Social proof
This is really important in giving the visitor that extra piece of confidence required for them to vote with their mouse pointer and sign up to your service . There 's no more powerful persuasion tool than personal recommendation , from real people . If visitors can see that others are successfully using your product , they 're much more likely to come onboard themselves .
Example : Docusign
Example : ChartMogul ( yep , that 's us )
What did we learn ?
Showing real people , with real profiles has become key in a world where some companies actually create false social proof .
Placing social proof at the point on the page where the user is making a decision about purchasing ( or registering ) is a good tactic in giving them that last reassurance they need to commit .
Link your social proof to larger case studies or video . This will further boost users ' confidence in the product .
Other Findings
Attention Ratio
As always , simplicity is king . The challenge with so many enterprise business websites is in distilling down what are hugely complex products and solutions into something that the user can interpret and evaluate in just a few seconds . Attention Ratio is a representation of how many links the user has the option to click on your landing page vs. the primary conversion goal ( i.e . a trial sign-up ) . Whilst you 're never going to achieve the holy grail of a 1:1 ratio on your main company landing page , you should remember that every link the user can click other than the signup CTA is giving them a “ way out ” of converting . Read about the concept of Attention Ratio on the Unbounce blog – and then take a look at your landing page . What 's the attention ratio there ?
Page Length
The length ( or height ) of a landing page has a large impact on how the user behaves on the page . If the user needs to scroll a certain amount to see some critical information , it 's likely that you 'll lose a certain proportion of visitors before they read it . However , you should n't dismiss scrolling as a bad thing – research suggests that scrolling has become a natural interaction on the web that users almost instinctively take when they want to read more on a certain topic . So then the question here is more about the layout of information , such that the things that are really important for the user to see are positioned higher up , with little to no scrolling . The landing pages we analyzed were a variety of lengths . At the extreme end , there is Mailchimp , which requires almost no scrolling at all and offers a level of simplicity that almost no other SaaS company matches :
Whilst Mailchimp gives us a glimpse of a landing page that delivers a clear , concise message to visitors , most landing pages required around 4 full page scrolls to reach the end . You can see an overview of the length of all pages in the diagram below :
Animation & background video
Technology and connectivity is reaching a point where websites are able to display high-resolution , full-page video embedded in the page . See an example here . Whilst the rise of full-width retina images have led to higher engagement and conversions in web pages , it 's not yet clear whether full-width auto-playing video background takes this improvement even further . The folks at LeadPages recently introduced a video background landing-page template , hinting at great conversion rates . Although it 's likely very specific to the actual video content shown :
“ One of the reasons why this works so well is that the video being used is aspirational and makes people feel really good. ” – Jeff Wenberg , Leadpages
We 're testing a background video variant of the ChartMogul landing page , but it 's too early yet to pull any meaningful results .
Share this post
Kevin Chapman , the only lefthander in the Astros ' bullpen , was told Wednesday night that he 's going to be sent back down .
“ Yeah , obviously any time something like that happens , it 's not what you want , ” he said . “ But you just take it as an opportunity to improve yourself and make sure it does n't happen again . ”
Chapman was unable to get the Astros out of the jam that led to the Royals tying the score with two runs in the seventh inning .
One out after Lorenzo Cain and Alcides Escobar hit consecutive one-out singles in the seventh off Brad Peacock , manager Bo Porter brought Chapman in to face lefthander Eric Hosmer . He walked Hosmer to load the bases and prompt a call to righthander Matt Albers .
Salvador Perez greeted Albers with a two-run single through the left side to tie the score at 4 . The Astros eventually lost 6-4 in 11 innings . Soon after the loss , Chapman was told he was heading down .
“ That 's a tough one to swallow because we felt like we had the right guys that we wanted in each and every spot , ” Porter said of bullpen. ” We just did n't get it done . ”
Chapman has given up five runs on five hits over 3 2/3 innings for a 12.27 ERA . Last year as a rookie he set the franchise record for most appearances without giving a run to start a career with 13 over 9 2/3 innings .
Turkey 's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan addresses members of parliament from his ruling AK Party ( AKP ) during a meeting at the Turkish parliament in Ankara June 25 , 2013 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan , an outspoken supporter of Egypt 's ousted President Mohamed Mursi , lashed out at the European Union and others for failing to condemn strongly enough the killing of dozens in Cairo earlier on Saturday .
Security forces shot dead dozens of Mursi supporters on Saturday , days after the army called for a popular mandate to wipe out “ violence and terrorism ” following its removal of Egypt 's first democratically government on July 3 .
The EU 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , said she “ deeply deplores ” the deaths and called for a halt in violence .
But Erdoğan , who has recently faced large street protests calling for his own government to quit , accused the EU of double standards for questioning the use of police teargas in Turkey but not the shooting deaths of protesters in Cairo .
“ Those who were silent when Egypt 's national will was massacred are silent again when people are massacred . What happened to the EU ( and ) European values , where are those who go around giving lessons in democracy ? ” Erdoğan said in a speech to a group of businessmen in Istanbul in televised comments .
“ Where is the United Nations ? Where are those who created a brouhaha when Turkish police , in a completely justified and legitimate way , used water ( cannon ) and pepper spray now when there is a coup and a massacre in Egypt , ” he said .
Erdoğan 's comments were made before U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , treading a fine line with an Arab ally that receives over $ 1 billion a year in U.S. military aid , urged Egyptian authorities to respect the right to peaceful protest .
The EU , which Turkey seeks to join , and the United States both criticized the police crackdown on Turkey 's fiercest anti-government protests in decades . Five people died in clashes .
Erdoğan 's rule has been marked by his efforts to garner Turkey diplomatic clout in the Middle East .
INDIANAPOLIS - Matt Brabham will make a return to Indy Lights Presented by Cooper Tires for the first event of the 2015 season at St. Petersburg , Florida ( March 27-29 ) with Andretti Autosport .
The arrangement sees the Brabham and Andretti names come together once again after a successful first Indy Lights season in 2014 and clinching the Pro Mazda Championship together in 2013 .
Brabham was in Indianapolis for a seat fitting and will test at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Monday prior to the Florida race .
Brabham has had a great deal of success at St. Petersburg in the past . He dominated both races in the Pro Mazda Championship in 2013 to start his record-breaking championship year - which saw him take 13 wins , including seven in succession . In the 21-year-old 's first Indy Lights race there last year , he qualified third and was pushing for second before a brush with the wall dropped him to ninth.2014 saw Matt , the grandson of three times Formula 1 World Champion , Sir Jack Brabham , finish fourth in the Indy Lights title hunt . Matt 's debut season in the category included a win at the Grand Prix of Indianapolis and a heart-breaking Freedom 100 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , where he finished second by a mere 0.005 of a second.During the US Winter , Brabham has been occupying Reserve Driver duties for the Andretti Formula-E team , being drafted in for the Putrajaya and Punta del Este rounds of the all-electric series , acquitting himself well during both campaigns with limited leadup time.His chief engineer from the Formula E campaign , Dave Seyffert , will be engineering the No . 83 car at St. Petersburg .
Joining Brabham in the Andretti Indy Lights squad will be another Mazda Road to Indy standout - Shelby Blackstock , who was his teammate in 2013 and the duo worked well together on setup and data sharing .
In total , the Indy Lights Presented by Cooper Tires Championship consists of 16 rounds at 10 events in support of the Verizon IndyCar Series . St. Petersburg will be the first event of the new generation Dallara Indy Lights chassis package , which has brought increased interest from around the globe .
“ It 's brilliant that we have the opportunity to link up with Andretti Autosport again for this campaign , ” said Brabham . “ It has been a tough off-season trying to piece everything together , but thanks to the team and some close supporters , we 'll be at St. Petersburg. “ Having won both races at St. Pete in Pro Mazda and being quite strong there last year , I 'm confident of hitting the ground running . It 's a great track and I love street courses , so we 'll be aiming to be in the mix. “ It is a brand-new car this year - so there is a bit to learn , but the experience from developing the Formula E car with Andretti will work in my favour - like the Indy Lights car , it was a totally new package and those FE street courses are some of the tightest I 've ever raced on. “ In terms of Indy Lights testing , I 'm a bit behind the eight ball , but through FE and training regularly , I 'm going in race fit . Andretti Autosport are the best team in the pitlane , so I have no doubt the knowledge they 've obtained from Shelby ( Blackstock - teammate ) will help me , plus I now have a great working relationship with Dave ( Seyffert - Engineer ) from our Formula E adventures. “ Without the support of Michael and the team at Andretti Autosport , we would n't have this opportunity so I am very thankful to them , also my family and a group of supporters - who we 'll be working hard to repay with a very strong result. ” “ It 's great to have Matt back in a seat within our Indy Lights program . He 's done a stellar job stepping up for us in the INDYCAR off-season in our Formula E team as reserve driver , but it will be great to see him back in Indy Lights alongside Shelby ( Blackstock ) . Those two work well together and they will be ones to watch as they hit the streets of St. Pete . ”
Think about this for a moment : Is there any result of the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton 's email misuse that would n't have made you even more certain that she was completely corrupt ? While she was secretary of state , she used a private email server . She has admitted over and over that this was a mistake . The FBI investigated her , and after their investigation , they concluded that although her private email server was “ extremely reckless , ” there was no indication whatsoever of any sort of criminal intent . So , if the FBI investigation had come back and recommended an indictment , you all would have said , “ See ? I told you so ! ” But now , when the FBI investigation concludes that “ no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case , ” you are all still using this decision as proof of Hillary Clinton 's perceived corruption , and you 're still standing there , like , “ See ? I told you so ! ”
You see , this is what happens when you attack a person and accuse her being part of some corrupt cabal that is “ above the law. ” When you bring charges against her and they do n't stick , you can look at the cameras and say , “ See ? ” It 's actually a brilliant attack… It 's kind of like accusing someone of being an alcoholic , and then when she tells you she 's not , you say , “ See ? There it is… Denial. ” The same thing happened with the Benghazi investigations . After eight different Benghazi hearings ( at a cost of millions of dollars ) conclusively found that Secretary Clinton did nothing wrong , the damage is still done , because it reinforces the perceived narrative that Hillary Clinton is so corrupt that she is “ above the law. ” But maybe she is not above the law… Maybe she just did n't do the things they are accusing her of doing .
And the hell of it is , this line of attacks is successful . So successful , in fact , that there are a lot of people who look at the prospect of a Hillary Clinton presidency , and actually do n't know who would be worse–Her , or the dumpster fire known as Donald Trump . Some are even considering her as the lesser of two evils . It has affected me as well . I get it . It works . I do n't really trust her either… And I 'm not even sure why . Which of all the accusations against her have actually stuck ? When you press people to name something , they ca n't . After some amorphous talk about emails , Benghazi , being “ crooked , ” enabling Bill 's infidelity , and maybe even tossing in some conspiracy theory email forward about a list of people close to the Clintons who died , usually people end up with a very unspecific , “ I do n't know… I just do n't TRUST her. ” And they 'll question her integrity . They 'll call her a liar… And then , it 's the same game : “ She 's a liar ! Want proof ? ‘ Hillary , are you a liar ? ' [ No . ] < –SEE ? ! ? There she goes again… ” Even though the non-paritsan , Pulitzer Prize-winning fact-checking site PolitiFact has shown Hillary 's statements to be the most consistently truthful of any of the candidates ( 51 % true or mostly true… even more than the Bernie I love so much ) , while showing that only 9 % of the things Donald Trump says are rated “ true ” or “ mostly true. ” That 's NINE percent… Then , when actual journalism does n't line up with your accepted narrative , what do you do ? That 's right… You call the journalist liars as well . That , or you spend billions of dollars setting up an overtly biased “ news ” organization that damages the whole concept of news . COUGHFoxCOUGH…
And if you do n't think that part of this has to do with Hillary being a woman , you are fooling yourself . Even as a young man in college , I can remember having a deep sense of “ Who does she think she is ? ” while Hillary Clinton tried to get her healthcare bill passed . It was n't an overt “ She needs to know her place , ” but it was something close . But if a man had the tenacity and adept political maneuvering that Hillary Clinton has displayed , those things would be viewed as assets . But with her , it just comes off as her being conniving . Or “ bitchy. ” But as Tina Fey and Amy Poehler said while Hillary was campaigning against Barack Obama , “ Bitch is the new black. ” Anyway , who were you expecting ? If a woman was ever going to rise to being a stone 's throw from the most powerful position in a country that has been so very patriarchal for it 's entire history , did you think she was going to be a wilting violet ? She has had to navigate a harsh political landscape for decades… Of course she 's a bitch . Bitches get shit done . Again–I get it . It 's distasteful when people compromise their principles… But governing is about compromise . Compromise is a necessity . When a nation is as divided as ours is , uncompromising principles is a recipe for getting nothing done . AND WE HAVE SOME THINGS THAT NEED TO GET DONE !
Instead , we have found ourselves living in a situation where many are SO ENTRENCHED in the “ She 's crooked ” narrative , that news can come out showing that Hillary Clinton did NOT do anything illegal , and her enemies are still sharing the story as if it is some sort of proof of her corruption . It 's craziness . And this is not to say that Hillary Clinton is above criticism . She 's not . Not even close . There are plenty of things for which she is responsible that she needs to answer for . The crime bill she and her husband championed is responsible for our prison population more than tripling since Bill Clinton 's presidency . It has negatively and disproportionately affected minorities , and it has basically set up a new system of enslavement and disenfranchisement for people of color . This is well worth criticizing… The trouble is , most of the people rooting for Trump APPRECIATE a policy that results in more brown people in prison… So the GOP ca n't focus on that .
But let 's just say–for the sake of argument–that all of her critics ' charges against her are true . Let 's say that she intended for those four people to die in the consulate attacks in Benghazi . Let 's say she fully intended to illegally and maliciously set up a less-than-secure email server for her job as Secretary of State . Lets say that she is guilty of everything from Whitewater to Benghazi and everything in-between… Even if it were all true , she still managed to keep herself out of trouble while just about every republican in a position of power has tried to prove it . That would be AMAZING ! How impressive… Listen–Donald Trump ca n't even dodge the charges from one little fraudulent “ University. ” One of two things is true : Either Hillary Clinton 's enemies can not get any of these charges to stick to her because she is too politically astute , or they 're not sticking because she actually did n't do them . Either way , she is infinitely more qualified to lead our nation than the angry , racist , inept , misogynistic , unknowledgeable , unstable buffoon that is the alternative… A man so colossally unqualified , that if you said the words “ angry , racist , inept , misogynistic , unknowledgeable , unstable buffoon ” on a gameshow , people would be able to guess who you 're talking about . Think about that . Make the right choice , America .
Facebook has ( once again ) changed its algorithm to make it harder for content-creators like myself to get their work out there without paying them money . If you like the stuff I write , share it on Facebook or Twitter . And if you REALLY like a certain post , you can give on PayPal and designate which post you 'd like your money to go toward “ boosting ” on social media . Otherwise , you can BECOME A PATRON . Kimberly Torrey-White just did . Why ? Because being generous is fun . And because she rocks .
HEY HEY ! LISTEN TO THIS WHILE READING ! [ link ] Recommend having tissues around.1- [ link ] 2- [ link ] 3- [ link ] 4- [ link ] 5- [ link ] I have spent too much time on this ... This was a result of a need to get the Mass Effect ending from my system . Funny thing is it took so long to make , I was pretty much over it half-way through XD Even funnier is I just cried a little right now One of the jillion things that bothered me about this ending was that the characters most dear to me did n't even seem to be on Lara Shepard 's mind . As explosions were going off , images of Joker , Anderson and ... Liara ? seem to flash before her eyes . I was kind of outraged . I absolutely love Joker and Anderson , but ... Liara ? She 's great and all , but ... No chance of Garrus 's face to pop in her mind instead ? They ARE in a relationship after all ! HE VENTURED INTO THE IDEA OF HAVING KIDS , FOR F * * K 'S SAKE ! It 's funny that everything else about that ending would pretty much make sense if we have in mind the popular Indoctrination Theory ( which I 'm all on board with ) , but this ... this , haha , really bothered meSomehow it 's like Liara 's friendship is forced down my throat a lot of times . No ofense to Liara fans , she 's actually a great character , just not one I 'm specially fond of . And I really just wanted to see Tali , and Garrus ... and Mordin ... and Legion and Wrex ... one last time ... * tear flood * So all this just added to the feeling that the ending was rushed and put together as quickly as possible.Hence this.A huge thank you to for her enthusiasm and beta reading ! Resources : [ link ] ( star brushes ) For Tali 's pattern I used something I found on the Bioware forums . If anyone knows who made it , I 'll add the link .
Anyone who expected a fiery campaign speech from German Chancellor Angela Merkel was sorely disappointed by her speech on Wednesday . In a more than half-hour address to a full session of the German parliament , the chancellor sought to portray herself as the guarantor of slow but steady progress . What was noticeable in her remarks was the absence of any extended discussion of both Britain 's decision to leave the European Union and Donald Trump 's victory in the US presidential election .
The closest Merkel got to addressing the rise of right-wing populism was to talk in general terms about changes in the world 's political culture and media landscape .
`` A lot of people are concerned about the stability of our social order , '' the chancellor said . `` Suddenly it seems that what we considered self-evident is n't that self-evident after all . ''
Merkel said democracy , the social market economy and the culture of civilized debate were under threat and explicitly criticized fake news and social bots .
`` People form their opinions differently than they did 25 years ago , '' Merkel said . `` We have to learn to deal with this . ''
Merkel said that Germany needed to prevent hate speech because `` it 's not compatible with our ideals . '' She added that debates should be carried out `` in the spirit of respect for others . ''
Mild criticism of the EU
Merkel admitted that the EU has shortcomings
She then moved on foreign policy , specifically Turkey and Syria . She defended maintaining contact with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , despite his increasingly undemocratic policies , and criticized Russia for supporting the Assad regime in Damascus .
She defended NATO and the European Union as international partnerships that were good for Germany , although she did acknowledge that the EU was often too cumbersome and was not always able to live up to promises concerning prosperity .
`` Europe often fails to keep pace sometimes with developments , '' Merkel said . `` Decisions need to be made more quickly . Otherwise Europe loses credibility with ordinary citizens . ''
She added that she was `` not happy '' about the likely demise of Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact with the United States , which US President-elect Donald Trump said he would pull the United States out of . But she pointedly eschewed mentioning Trump by name .
Nor did she say any direct words about the rise of the anti-immigration populist party Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) , which is currently attracted up to 15 percent support in public opinion polls .
`` Better than ever before ''
Merkel said Germany should be `` proud '' of its role in the refugee crisis
She claimed the grand coalition between her conservative CDU-CSU and the Social Democrats had economically benefited most Germans .
`` Real wages and pensions are rising , '' Merkel said . `` Despite the suffering of some , for instance those on social benefits , which we can not ignore , people in Germany are doing better than ever before . ''
She also portrayed her open stance toward waves of political refugees , especially from Syria , in the past two years as a point of pride for Germany .
`` Despite all the critical discussions , last year there was a fantastic level of cooperation and solidarity , '' Merkel said . `` Our country can truly be proud . I think one of the most urgent political tasks is the fight against illegal immigration and human trafficking . ''
She promised that refugees would be given instruction in German language and Western values and said that the majority of refugees wanted to integrate into German society . But she also said those who refused to integrate would not be permitted to remain in the country .
She concluded with an appeal for stability .
`` We have a chance to shape global change , step by step in a humane way , '' Merkel said . `` Let 's continue working on this . Peace and security are the central needs of people in Germany . ''
Recriminations on the left
Wagenknecht was as blunt as Merkel was measured
The session got off to a far more feisty start with a speech by Sahra Wagenknecht , the parliamentary chairwoman of the Left Party , the main opposition party in the Bundestag . Wagenknecht repeatedly mentioned Trump , the Brexit , the AfD and the leader of the far-right Front National in France , Marine Le Pen , while excoriating the chancellor .
Wagenknecht particularly took Merkel to task for the `` arrogance of your policies '' and for increasing the gap between rich and poor in Germany .
`` You should n't be surprised that voters are deserting you in droves , '' the Left Party spokeswoman said . `` You lack the courage to confront the economically powerful….You should start taking this seriously if you do n't want to responsible for paving the way for a German Donald Trump in the chancellor 's office . ''
Green parliamentary leader Anton Hofreiter also invoked the AfD and said that Merkel had no new ideas for the future .
`` It 's unclear what you want to do , '' Hofreit said in Merkel 's direction . `` Last time you said : You all know me . This time around , it 's not enough to say : we 'll continue with what we 've been doing . ''
Thomas Oppermann , the parliamentary leader of the Merkel 's coalition partners the Social Democrats ( SPD ) , declined to criticize Merkel and instead attacked Wagenknecht .
`` Your answer to more populism from the right is more populism from the right , '' Oppermann said . `` Speeches like yours help strengthen the AfD . ''
There has been a lot of speculation that the SPD will try to regain the chancellorship in next years national election by putting together a parliamentary majority with the Greens and the Left . But there was little evidence of that on Wednesday .
Mixed reviews
The coming election could yield another grand coalition
Initial reaction to the debate ran in a number of directions . German public broadcaster ARD found Merkel 's performance `` erratic '' and `` distracted , '' while the chancellor struck Germany 's other national public TV station ZDF as `` relaxed '' and `` statesmanlike . ''
The Berliner Morgenpost newspaper saw the verbal arrows hurled at the Merkel by Hofreiter as a potential sign that the Greens are not thinking of a potential coalition with the conservatives in 2017 and predicted that the tone of the campaign would be significantly nastier than the previous two . By contrast the lack of attacks by the SPD on the chancellor was interpreted as an acknowledgement that the coming election could well lead to a continuation of the current grand coalition .
The Tagesspiegel newspaper pointed out that Merkel has no choice but to run as the candidate of continuity , even if the political winds are blowing in the direction of change , and that the SPD and the Greens , which also support the chancellor 's refugee policies , have little chance to completely distance themselves from her .
In the hot-house world of social media , Wagenknecht 's drew a lot of positive responses while a number of users took exception to Merkel 's assertion that the German people were doing better than ever before .
24 November 2016
Heroes of Antarctic exploration have played a crucial role in research that suggests the area of sea ice around Antarctica has barely changed in size in 100 years .
Ice observations recorded in the ships ' logbooks of explorers such as the British Captain Robert Scott and Ernest Shackleton and the German Erich von Drygalski have been used to compare where the Antarctic ice edge was during the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration ( 1897–1917 ) and where satellites show it is today .
The study , published in the European Geosciences Union journal The Cryosphere , suggests Antarctic sea ice is much less sensitive to the effects of climate change than that of the Arctic , which in stark contrast has experienced a dramatic decline during the 20th century .
The research , by climate scientists at the University of Reading , estimates the extent of Antarctic summer sea ice is at most 14 % smaller now than during the early 1900s .
Jonathan Day , who led the study , said : “ The missions of Scott and Shackleton are remembered in history as heroic failures , yet the data collected by these and other explorers could profoundly change the way we view the ebb and flow of Antarctic sea ice .
“ We know that sea ice in the Antarctic has increased slightly over the past 30 years , since satellite observations began . Scientists have been grappling to understand this trend in the context of global warming , but these new findings suggest it may not be anything new .
“ If ice levels were as low a century ago as estimated in this research , then a similar increase may have occurred between then and the middle of the century , when previous studies suggest ice levels were far higher . ”
The new study published in The Cryosphere is the first to shed light on sea ice extent in the period prior to the 1930s , and suggests the levels in the early 1900s were in fact similar to today , at between 5.3 and 7.4 million square kilometres . Although one region , the Weddell Sea , did have a significantly larger ice cover .
Published estimates suggest Antarctic sea ice extent was significantly higher during the 1950s , before a steep decline returned it to around 6 million square kilometres in recent decades .
The research suggests that the climate of Antarctica may have fluctuated significantly throughout the 20th century , swinging between decades of high ice cover and decades of low ice cover , rather than enduring a steady downward trend .
This study builds on international efforts to recover old weather and climate data from ships ' logbooks . The public can volunteer to rescue more data at oldweather.org .
Day said : “ The Southern Ocean is largely a ‘ black hole ' as far as historical climate change data is concerned , but future activities planned to recover data from naval and whaling ships will help us to understand past climate variations and what to expect in the future . ”
Capt Scott perished along with his team in 1912 after missing out on being the first to reach the South Pole by a matter of weeks , while Shackleton 's ship sank after becoming trapped in ice in 1915 as he and his crew journeyed to attempt the first ever cross-Antarctic trek .
In addition to using ship logbooks from three expeditions led by Scott and two by Shackleton , the researchers used sea-ice records from Belgian , German and French missions , among others . But the team was unable to analyse some logbooks from the Heroic Age period , which have not yet been imaged and digitised . These include the records from the Norwegian Antarctic expedition of 1910–12 lead by Roald Amundsen , the first person to reach both the south and north poles .
# # #
Please mention the name of the publication ( The Cryosphere ) if reporting on this story and , if reporting online , include a link to the paper ( http : //www.the-cryosphere.net/10/2721/2016/ ) or to the journal website ( http : //www.the-cryosphere.net ) .
More information
This research is presented in the paper ‘ Estimating the extent of Antarctic summer sea ice during the Heroic Age of Exploration ' published in the EGU open access journal The Cryosphere on 24 November 2016 .
Citation : Edinburgh , T. and Day , J. J. : Estimating the extent of Antarctic summer sea ice during the Heroic Age of Exploration , The Cryosphere , doi:10.5194/tc-10-2721-2016 , 2016
The team is composed of Tom Edinburgh ( Department of Meteorology , University of Reading , UK [ Reading ] – now at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics , University of Cambridge , UK ) and Jonathan J . Day ( Reading ) .
The European Geosciences Union ( EGU ) is Europe 's premier geosciences union , dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in the Earth , planetary , and space sciences for the benefit of humanity , worldwide . It is a non-profit interdisciplinary learned association of scientists founded in 2002 . The EGU has a current portfolio of 17 diverse scientific journals , which use an innovative open access format , and organises a number of topical meetings , and education and outreach activities . Its annual General Assembly is the largest and most prominent European geosciences event , attracting over 11,000 scientists from all over the world . The meeting 's sessions cover a wide range of topics , including volcanology , planetary exploration , the Earth 's internal structure and atmosphere , climate , energy , and resources . The EGU 2017 General Assembly is taking place in Vienna , Austria , from 23 to 28 April 2017 . For information about meeting and press registration , please check http : //media.egu.eu , or follow the EGU on Twitter and Facebook .
If you wish to receive our press releases via email , please use the Press Release Subscription Form at http : //www.egu.eu/news/subscribe/ . Subscribed journalists and other members of the media receive EGU press releases under embargo ( if applicable ) 24 hours in advance of public dissemination .
The Cryosphere ( TC ) is an international scientific journal dedicated to the publication and discussion of research articles , short communications , and review papers on all aspects of frozen water and ground on Earth and on other planetary bodies . The main subject areas are ice sheets and glaciers , planetary ice bodies , permafrost , river and lake ice , seasonal snow cover , sea ice , remote sensing , numerical modelling , in situ and laboratory studies of the above and including studies of the interaction of the cryosphere with the rest of the climate system .
Notes from the University of Reading
The Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration refers to the period of 1897-1917 when several expeditions took place to explore the Antarctic . Logbook data was used from the following ships :
Endurance ( 1914 ) Sir Ernest Shackleton 's ship that became trapped in ice during the ill-fated Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition
Terra Nova ( 1903–04 and 1910–13 ) Captain Robert Scott 's expedition during the race to the South Pole that cost him and his team their lives
Scotia ( 1903–04 and 1910–13 ) Ship used in expedition led by William Spiers Bruce to explore the Weddell Sea and collect specimens
Nimrod ( 1908–09 ) Another of Shackleton 's voyages that was more successful . It included notable achievements including the ‘ Great Southern Journey ' to a new farthest south latitude .
Aurora ( 1911–14 and 1914–16 ) Another ship that was part of Shackleton 's Trans-Antarctic Expedition
Discovery ( 1902 ) Expedition by both Scott and Shackleton which achieved the furthest south lattitude
Pourquoi-Pas IV ( 1909–10 ) carried a team in the Jean-Baptiste Charcot expedition that returned with several scientific discoveries , including the discovery of Charcot Land island .
Gauss ( 1902–03 ) , the first German expedition to Antarctica , led by Erich von Drygalski
Belgica ( 1898–99 ) , first winter expedition to Antarctica , led by Adrien de Gerlache
Animations showing the routes taken by these explorers and how their ice observations compare to modern satellite records are available by contacting the University of Reading press office on +44 ( 0 ) 118 378 5757 or pressoffice @ reading.ac.uk .
A video explaining the study is on the University of Reading YouTube channel at https : //youtu.be/LlD47gPs2o4 .
The University of Reading has an ISDN radio link and a Globelynx video camera service for broadcast interviews which can be booked through the press office .
E-cigarette exposure in children rises 1400 percent in pediatrics study , even as vaping industry feels the heat from the FDA . There has been a long-running debate on whether vaping and the use of e-cigarettes is a safer alternative to traditional tobacco cigarettes . Unfortunately , the answer is yet to be known , as e-cigarettes are still a new phenomenon and research is lagging behind the instant craze of vaping . Between 2011 and 2012 , the number of teens and tweens using these products has doubled , so there has been a strong push to obtain as much information as possible regarding this style of smoking .
E-cigarettes mimic traditional cigarettes as their end glows on the inhale and a cloud of smoke follows on the exhalation . Inside an e-cigarette , there is a battery , a heating element , and a cartridge that holds nicotine and other liquids and flavorings .
If nicotine is used , then e-cigarettes are still addicting , and quitting e-cigarettes with nicotine can yield similar withdrawal symptoms . Some evidence supports the argument that e-cigarettes may be safer than traditional cigarettes , but other research shows they pose a risk , especially in those with heart problems . Although research suggests that e-cigarettes are less harmful than traditional cigarettes , they carry their own risk .
E-cigarettes raise the risk of nicotine poisoning in children
There is a raised risk of nicotine poisoning in children associated with e-cigarettes , according to a new study . Researcher Alisha Kamboj wrote , “ The frequency of exposures to e-cigarettes and nicotine liquid among young children reported to US [ Poison Control Centers ] is rising rapidly . Children exposed to e-cigarette devices and nicotine liquid are 2.5 times more likely to have a severe outcome than children exposed to cigarettes , and lethal exposure has occurred . ”
The researchers examined the data from the National Poison Data System ( NPDS ) on single exposures involving nicotine and tobacco products from January 2012 through April 2015 among children under the age of six .
During that time period , the NPDS received 29,141 calls related to exposure . E-cigarette exposure accounted for 14.2 percent of these exposures , cigarettes accounted for 60.1 percent , and other tobacco products accounted for 16.4 percent .
The researchers noted that exposure to e-cigarettes had increased by 1492.9 percent during the study period , while exposure to traditional tobacco remained the same .
Common routes of exposure as noted by the authors were ingestion , dermal , and inhalation/nasal . Children in particular may be specifically vulnerable due to their curiosity and the enticing packaging of e-cigarettes .
FDA extends regulations on all tobacco products including e-cigarettes , cigars , and hookah
The FDA has extended regulations on all tobacco products including e-cigarettes , cigars , and hookah . In the next year or so , minors will not be allowed to purchase e-cigarettes and all ingredients will have to pass FDA approval . Some vaping liquids , although they do n't contain typical cancer-causing ingredients seen in traditional tobacco products , still contain harmful chemicals .
Shop owners will now have to send applications to the FDA to have their product approved , which is not only timely but costly as well . Application estimates can range from several hundreds of dollars to the millions .
The new FDA guidelines include :
Registering manufacturing establishments and providing product listings to the FDA
Reporting ingredients , as well as harmful and potentially harmful constituents
Requiring premarket review and authorization of new tobacco products by the FDA
Placing health warnings on product packages and advertisements
Not selling modified risk tobacco products ( including those described as light , low , or mild ) unless authorized by the FDA
Not allowing products to be sold to persons under the age of 18 years ( both in-person and online )
Requiring age verification by photo ID
Not allowing the selling of tobacco products in vending machines ( unless in an adult-only facility )
Not allowing the distribution of free samples .
On the other hand , in the U.K. , the e-cigarettes are deemed safe , because – unlike in America – teenagers in the U.K. have not jumped ship on them .
The new FDA rules will be implemented by August .
Related Reading :
E-cigarettes do n't help smokers quit
A new study reveals that the use of e-cigarettes does n't actually help smokers quit . In fact , the study revealed that e-cigarettes reduce the probability of a smoker quitting by at least 28 percent . Senior author Stanton Glantz said , “ We found that e-cigarette use was associated with significantly less quitting . E-cigarettes are being promoted as a means of quitting , but they 're actually having the opposite effect. ” Continue reading…
E-cigarette chemicals linked to respiratory disease
The chemical flavoring in e-cigarettes has been linked to an increase in respiratory diseases . The chemical , diacetyl , was found in 75 percent of e-cigarette flavorings , which were tested by researchers at Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health . Other potentially harmful chemicals were also found in flavors such as cotton candy , fruity squirts , and cupcake . Continue reading…
Sources :
http : //www.webmd.com/smoking-cessation/features/electronic-cigarettes
http : //www.medscape.com/viewarticle/863046
http : //pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2016/05/05/peds.2016-0041
http : //vitals.lifehacker.com/the-fda-will-regulate-vaping-1775535422
A few weeks ago , national reports came out about funding for research into UFOs that was pushed by then-Senator Harry Reid of Nevada and both Democrats and Republicans in 2007 .
The program supposedly ended in 2012 , though a man who says he was in charge of it says it is still happening .
Senator Reid could n't be on the program today .
But TV reporter George Knapp , who decades ago exposed the world to the top-secret base , Area 51 -- some 90 miles northwest of Las Vegas , has talked to the senator .
And Knapp over the years has been ridiculed at times for his stalwart investigation into UFO and other strange phenomena .
Does he feel vindicated ?
“ I always thought I was doing my job anyway and catching flack over it came with the territory . I 'm not sure this is vindication . It certainly is nice to have company in covering this story . I 've always said if it could be proven – to any reasonable degree - it would be the biggest story ever . I could n't image why there were n't more journalists taking it seriously because there are plenty of breadcrumbs to follow , plenty of clues to pursue . That 's what I 've tried to do all along . If people want to see it as vindication – okay – I 'll take that , ” he told KNPR 's State of Nevada .
Support comes from
Knapp interviewed Harry Reid about the program , which was not actually the study of UFO 's but of `` advanced aerial threats '' as they were called .
Knapp says there is evidence that the Russian and Chinese governments are also conducting research on UFOs and Reid believes the U.S. should also be looking at them .
Col. John B. Alexander ( ret . ) , a Las Vegas resident who , while in the military and in retirement , investigated strange phenomena around the world .
“ This is not new , '' he said , `` The characteristics [ of UFOs ] that George just described have been observed for at least 70 years . In fact , UFOs have been reported for millennia – globally . This is a global phenomenon that has run over time . ”
He said he ran a similar program 30 years ago sorting through the evidence gathered by the military and civilians . He said the evidence is overwhelming .
“ The evidence is basically every sensor system we have picks them up . The [ USS ] Nimitz case that George has mentioned before at that time you had visual sightings . You had sightings from aircraft radar . You had sightings from aerial command posts and you had the most advanced sensors from the Navy surface fleet as well . This is not unusual . There are many cases where you have multi-sensory correlation so you can not assume that it was some kind of fluke of radar or thermal inversions or whatever . The evidence is simply overwhelming . ”
Alexander 's latest book that came out in October is called `` Reality Denied : Firsthand Experiences With Things That Ca n't Happen—But Did ” .
While Knapp and Alexander say the evidence shows the objects exist and they can perform aerial maneuvering far beyond our technology , they are not sure where they came from or why .
They also agree that much more needs to be done to study UFOs and their impact on people . And they believe people should n't have to risk their careers to look into the phenomenon .
( Editor 's Note : This discussion originally aired December 2017 )
From NPR : ' I Do n't Know Where It 's From ' Former UFO Program Head on Navy Jet Footage
Northern Ireland were stunned by referee Ovidiu Hategan 's 58th-minute penalty decision
The Irish FA is set to back the implementation of video assistant referees in the wake of Northern Ireland 's failure to reach the World Cup after a controversial penalty .
Michael O'Neill 's side lost their play-off with Switzerland 1-0 on aggregate after a dubious first-leg penalty .
The IFA is one of the five members of the law-making body , the International Football Association Board .
It gives Irish chiefs a key say over a possible roll-out of video assistants .
Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill said he has never seen a worse decision in a game he has been involved in
The Press Association reported on Monday that the IFA intends to write to football 's world governing body Fifa to express dismay at the circumstances that have denied Northern Ireland a World Cup berth .
Referee Ovidiu Hategan adjudged Corry Evans had handled Xherdan Shaqiri 's shot at Windsor Park in last Thursday 's first leg , even though replays showed it appeared to hit the back of his shoulder .
The IFA could now advocate a video assistant referee ( VAR ) being available for international fixtures where the stakes are high , having witnessed Northern Ireland miss out on a first World Cup in 32 years .
Just 24 hours after Switzerland 's victory in Belfast , a VAR was trialled in an official UK game for the first time when England met Germany in a friendly at Wembley .
Media playback is not supported on this device 'Penalty decision can motivate us ' - NI boss O'Neill
Trials of VARs are under way in several countries and Fifa has been using it in some of its tournaments , including the Club World Cup and recent Under-17 World Cup .
Speaking after the first leg , boss O'Neill said : `` it 's just staggering in this day and age when the stakes are so high that something like that is a game-changer '' .
`` It ( a VAR ) should be used for anything that is a defining decision , which is clearly what we saw .
`` A penalty given in those circumstances , a VAR would have cleared it up and said it 's clearly not a pen . ''
Get ready for the new cold war , which will no doubt turn hot if Hillary Clinton gets into the White House : NATO has just announced it is “ considering ” the addition of 4,000 more troops to be stationed in Poland and the Baltic states , i.e . right on Russia 's western border . The Washington Post helpfully informs us that this is being done “ to deter future Russian aggression ” – as if there 's any real possibility that Putin will order the Russian army to take Warsaw or march on Estonia .
What this is is another NATO provocation aimed at showing Putin who 's really in charge in the former Soviet Union 's sphere of influence . They 're hoping the Russian leader will respond in kind . But he 's too smart for that : instead , Putin will retaliate in a different theater , perhaps in Syria or Armenia , where the fight with Azerbaijan in Nagorno-Karabakh is in full swing .
This latest move will bring the number of NATO troops staring at the Russkies across their western border to nearly 10,000 , if we take into account the “ Very High Readiness Joint Task Force ” previously mobilized and the US troops already in Ukraine .
Imagine the outcry if 10,000 Russian soldiers suddenly arrived on the Rio Grande ! Or in Cuba – we 'd be witnessing a replay of the Bay of Pigs invasion .
The US and Russia are coming dangerously close to an outright conflict : there have been two recent incidents . One where a Russian plane buzzed an American warship patrolling Baltic waters , and the other where a Russian jet intercepted a US reconnaissance plane headed at high speed for Russian airspace .
The buzzing of the warship was a foolish move on the part of the Russians , but even more foolish was the warning from John Kerry , who intoned : “ Under the rules of engagement , that could have been a shoot-down , so people need to understand that this is serious business. ” That 's nonsense : is any US commander going to issue orders to shoot down a Russian plane that is clearly not attacking ? Of course not – unless that commander happens to be Gen. Wesley Clark , who has thankfully retired .
NATO is launching “ Operation Atlantic Resolve , ” which pours US arms into Europe : aircraft , tanks , and artillery are flowing into the region . Can the Russians be expected to stand idly by while the NATO alliance prepares for war ?
Asked how the US should respond to Russian fly-bys , GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , in his usual contradictory and semi-coherent way , underscored both the stupidity of US policy and his own incoherence :
“ Normally , an Obama , let 's say a president , because you want to make at least a call or two , but normally Obama would call up Putin and say , ‘ Listen , do us a favor , do n't do that , get that maniac , just stop it . ' But we do n't have that kind of president . He 's gon na be out playing golf or something .
“ But I do n't know , at a certain point , you ca n't take it . I mean , at a certain point , you have to do something that , you just ca n't take that . That is not right . It 's against all , you know , when you talk about Geneva convention , there 's got ta be things that are against it . You ca n't do that . That 's called taunting . But it should certainly start with diplomacy and it should start quickly with a phone call to Putin , would n't you think ?
“ And if that does n't work out , I do n't know , you know , at a certain point , when that sucker comes by you , you got ta shoot . You got ta shoot . I mean , you got ta shoot . And it 's a shame . It 's a shame . It 's a total lack of respect for our country and it 's a total lack of respect for Obama . Which as you know , they do n't respect . ”
So – which is it ? Diplomacy , or “ you got ta shoot ” ? With Trump , there 's no real way to know .
And that 's the whole problem with this nationalist impulse – it 's an impulse , insofar as Trump is concerned , and not a coherent ideology – it could go either way . Because on the other hand , Trump has repeatedly said he would make a real effort to “ get along ” with Putin : he has consistently stated his opposition to starting a new cold war with Russia . In Syria , Trump wants to let the Russians have a go at ISIS , which he sees as preferable to having us send in our own ground forces . And if we take his goal of détente with the Russians seriously , then under a Trump administration why would US warships and planes be in the Baltics anyway ? In order to support NATO , which Trump says is “ very obsolete ” ?
US relations with Russia are at an all-time post-cold war low . And there really is no reason why that should be so . We have vital strategic interests that are complementary to Russia 's – Washington and Moscow are fighting a worldwide Islamist insurgency that has visited terrorism on both countries . It is only our Bush era neoconservative foreign policy that has made Moscow out to be an enemy , and Trumpism is supposed to be breaking with all that .
And yet it will be hard , even if Trump does make it to the White House , to completely ditch the old GOP foreign policy orthodoxy , which will continually reassert itself in spite of everything : there 's too much money and prestige at stake , not to mention sheer force of habit .
America 's face-off with Russia is the most dangerous emerging conflict of them all : it augurs not only a new cold war , but a potentially very hot one in which nuclear weapons are the ultimate card . The US is now engaged in a very dangerous arms race with the Kremlin , in which the Obama administration is undertaking to “ modernize ” our nuclear weapons stockpile . It is dangerous because , a ) nukes are inherently dangerous , and b ) because “ modernization ” means miniaturization , a development that makes actually using nukes “ thinkable ” for the first time since Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
We do n't want to go down that road .
The very existence of the NATO alliance means that we have set up any number of tripwires that could end in a nuclear exchange . Not only on Russia 's eastern frontier , but on it 's southern flank , where our NATO ally Turkey has already shot down one Russian plane and is likely gunning for more . Recep Erdoğan is an irrational despot who is seeking to stifle trouble at home – and no doubt looks forward to a conflict with Russia as a way to provoke a nationalist upsurge that would shore up his increasingly authoritarian regime .
Do we really want to risk war with Russia for Erdoğan 's sake ?
And then there 's Ukraine , where US “ soft power ” gave a hard kick and deposed the elected President : they 've been a basket case ever since . Not only that , but they 've been an obstreperous basket case , stubbornly refusing to rein in either their corrupt economic arrangements or their inclination to simply stamp out internal opposition . The West is in a lather because the authorities just banned the most popular television journalist in the country , but we did n't hear a peep out of these guys when the Kiev regime first began cracking down on journalists like Ruslan Kotsaba , who is still in jail for making a video opposing Ukraine 's conscription law .
As I warned a year ago , Ukraine 's government has fallen into the hands of extreme nationalists who are out to turn the country into a dictatorship . The presence of neo-Nazis in the Kiev government signaled the rise of the Ukrainian ultra-right as a force to be reckoned with , and my prediction is coming all too true : the ascension of Andriy Parubiy , founder of the “ Social Nationalist ” Party of Ukraine – renamed Svoboda ( “ Freedom ” ) – to the post of Speaker of Parliament , and the resignation of the “ moderate ” Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , shows what direction the country is headed .
That US troops are currently in Ukraine training and advising the army of a proto-fascist government – including the explicitly neo-Nazi Azov Brigade and others like it – is a moral obscenity . Yet this is where the launching of a new cold war against Russia has led us .
What is needed is a new US policy in the region , one that extends the hand of friendship to Russia , cuts off our free-riding European “ allies ” who refuse to pay their fair share of NATO 's costs , and puts American interests first . Turkey must be reined in , and given an ultimatum : stop supporting terrorism in Syria , lay off the Russians , and give up dreams of a “ Greater Turkey ” that endanger the peace and do nothing to help ordinary Turks live a decent life .
NATO is an alliance that has long since outlived whatever usefulness it may once have had . It is time to pull up this tripwire and tell the nations of Europe : you 're on your own ! Trump says NATO is “ obsolete , ” but it 's far worse than that : it 's a danger to the peace of the world . The US should leave forthwith .
The last thing on earth we need is another cold war with the Russians : we 're $ 21 trillion in debt , and beset by enemies who want to destroy us right here on our home turf : the last time we won a decisive victory in war was when Eisenhower reached the Elbe .
It 's time for America to come home – to repair our decaying infrastructure , take care of our pressing social problems , and rebuild a nation deteriorating in every possible way .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here . But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative , often made in jest , and largely consist of me thinking out loud .
I 've written a couple of books , which you might want to peruse . Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book , Reclaiming the American Right : The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement , with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey , a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan , and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon ( ISI Books , 2008 ) .
You can buy An Enemy of the State : The Life of Murray N. Rothbard ( Prometheus Books , 2000 ) , my biography of the great libertarian thinker , here .
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Six months after a historic overhaul , Houston 's bus system is experiencing some ups and downs .
Ridership is up . Fare revenue is down .
Against this backdrop , the first significant changes to the Metropolitan Transit Authority 's new bus system , which launched in August , take effect Sunday . Many are minor , such as moving upstart times for certain routes , but they could have major effects on riders ' trips .
The more significant changes focus on expanding service . The Route 82 Westheimer bus , which has the system 's highest ridership by far , will arrive every six minutes rather than every eight minutes at peak periods . That puts it on the same frequency as the Red Line light rail service and establishes it as a de facto east-west backbone of the system .
Metro leaders hope more frequent service on popular routes will build on the ridership gains the system is experiencing .
`` I think as you get higher frequency and people know it is going to come , we are going to see higher ridership , '' Metro CEO Tom Lambert told board members Wednesday .
In November , the last full month with verified ridership information , average weekday ridership was up 8 percent compared to the same month in 2014 . Sunday ridership - more weekend service was a centerpiece of the bus changes - increased 30 percent to more than 114,000 average boardings .
The comparisons are problematic , however , because they involve different bus systems . Metro officials say they do not believe figures are skewed as a result of the new system requiring more transfers , a criticism skeptics have voiced since the bus network change .
At the same time , Metro is collecting less money from riders , as a result of changes in policy and fewer commuters than expected using park and ride service . From September to December , the first full four months under the new bus system , fare revenue was $ 1 million below 2014 collections for the same months .
It 's a curious inconsistency that carrying more people - at least for Metro - is n't translating to more revenue from the farebox .
`` The board made a conscious decision when we adopted the three-hour unlimited transfer , '' board member Jim Robinson said , referring to a change that allows people to transfer in any direction with a single $ 1.25 payment . `` I still think it was the right decision . ''
Riders still divided
With some exceptions , riders have embraced the bus changes and the greater transfer flexibility .
`` It 's gotten 1,000 percent better , '' said Sue Austin , 70 , who rides from her home near MacGregor Park .
Austin said the new system is easier to understand . She said her neighbors , especially those who work at Hobby Airport , have told her their work trips are shorter .
Others were less impressed , saying the buses remain uncomfortable and inconvenient .
`` How do you have a system where I have to take three buses to get to work ? '' Ray McClendon asked as he waited for a bus on Antoine .
McClendon , 33 , who is transit-dependent as he saves money for a car , blamed his transfers on the lack of a route on T.C . Jester outside Loop 610 .
While the numbers show that ridership has increased , it is unclear whether more people are riding or the same number of people are taking more trips . Critics said overcrowding on some routes has driven some to stop taking the bus .
The route changes - especially those that increase frequency on major routes - are intended to spread riders across more routes while improving service . In addition to the changes along Westheimer , peak frequency is increasing from 20 minutes to 15 minutes on the Route 40 Telephone/Heights bus and from 12 minutes to 10 minutes on the Route 65 Bissonnet bus .
A change of a few minutes might not seem important , but it can make transfers easier or lead to shorter waits at bus stops .
Lambert said the challenge , given Houston 's growing traffic congestion , is to keep the buses spaced properly so problems of bunching - when two buses operating the same route come at virtually the same time - are avoided .
The decline in fare revenue is n't expected to complicate the changes in Metro service . While current collections put the agency $ 700,000 under budget for the first three months , sales tax revenue is $ 3.5 million above budget estimates . Metro 's budget is based on collecting $ 75.1 million in fare revenue , compared to $ 695.4 million in sales tax proceeds .
Lower park-and-ride demand
Ridership , meanwhile , is settling after the bus system changes , and will likely shift when the alterations are made Sunday . Gas prices and the general Houston economy are also affecting how likely riders are to hop aboard .
Park and ride service has already been affected , something Metro officials cited in the fare revenue decline . Average daily ridership on commuter buses was 3 percent above 2014 for November , but 1.7 percent below what was predicted , said Jim Archer , director of service planning at Metro .
Robinson suggested layoffs in the oil and gas industry had affected park-and-ride demand .
Contrary to what many assume , Archer said , gas prices have little effect on demand for transit . In fact , Metro officials said , lower gas prices are leading more people to make optional trips , which are likely leading to congestion on area roads . So Metro buses , just like other vehicles , are sitting in more traffic .
Lambert said that congestion , and frustration with it , could lure riders more than cheap gas will drive them away .
`` We want to help manage overall congestion in the area , '' Lambert said . `` This is about mobility and giving people a choice . ''
More Information Significant changes to Metro bus routes . 40 Telephone / Heights – Weekdays – Change peak direction frequency from 20 to 15 minutes to match service with customer demand . 47 Hillcroft – 7 days/week – Adjust running times for more reliable service . Weekdays – Add a 6:40 a.m. northbound and a 3:45 p.m. southbound trip to reduce passenger overloads . 49 Chimney Rock / S. Post Oak – Weekdays – Added a 6:20 a.m. southbound trip from Northwest Transit Center to West Loop Park & Ride , and a 3:12 p.m. northbound trip from West Loop Park & Ride to Northwest Transit Center , to alleviate passenger overloads ( effective September 2015 ) . 52 Hardy–Ley – Weekdays – Add 6:40 , 7:10 , and 7:40 a.m. southbound trips , and a 4:15 p.m. northbound trip , all to alleviate passenger overloads . 60 Cambridge – Weekdays – Add 8:43 and 9:07 a.m. northbound trips , and 6:35 and 7:05 p.m. southbound trips between TMC Transit Center and Holly Hall , all to alleviate passenger overloads . 7 days/week – Adjust running times for more reliable service . 63 Fondren – Weekdays – Add 6:35 , 6:50 , and 7:05 a.m. northbound trips starting at Fondren/ West Bellfort ; add 4:00 and 4:15 p.m. southbound trips starting at Fondren/Bellaire , all to alleviate passenger overloads . 7 days/week – Adjust running times for more reliable service . 65 Bissonnet – Weekdays – Change eastbound peak frequency from 12 to 10 minutes between 6:00 and 7:30 a.m. to match service with ridership demand . 76 Evergreen – Weekdays – Change frequency to 30 minutes all day to match service with customer demand . 7 days/week – adjust running times for more reliable service . 82 Westheimer – Weekdays – Change AM eastbound and PM westbound peak frequency from 8 to 6 minutes to reduce passenger overloads . Saturday/Sunday – Add a 4:10 a.m. eastbound trip to match service with customer demand . 7 days/week – Adjust running times for more reliable service . 89 Dacoma - 7 days/week – Change frequency from 20 to 30 minutes , to match service with ridership demand ; adjust running times for more reliable service . 137 Northshore Express – Weekdays – Extend the 5:47 a.m. westbound trip to start from Maxey Road Park & Ride Lot ; extend the 5:11 a.m. , 2:37 , 3:05 and 3:35 p.m. eastbound trips to end at Maxey Road PandR Lot , all to alleviate passenger overloads . Source : Metropolitan Transit Authority
Disappearance of thousands of children in the 1950s Israel
The Yemenite Children Affair ( Hebrew : פרשת ילדי תימן‎ , translit . Parshat Yaldei Teiman ) refers to the disappearance of between 1,500 and 5,000 [ 1 ] [ 2 ] babies and toddlers of new immigrants to the newly founded state of Israel from 1948 to 1954 . The majority of immigrants arriving in Israel during this period were from Yemen , with considerable numbers coming from Iraq , Morocco , Tunisia and the Balkans . [ 3 ] According to low estimates , one in eight children of Yemenite families disappeared . [ 4 ] Hundreds of documented statements made over the years by the parents of these infants allege that their children were removed from them . No death certificates were issued , nor did parents receive any information from Israeli and Jewish organizations as to what had happened to their infants . [ 5 ]
Widespread accusations continue that the infants were given or sold to childless Holocaust survivors in a covert systematic operation . [ 6 ] Conclusions reached by three separate official commissions set up to investigate the issue unanimously found that the majority of the children were buried having died from diseases . [ 6 ] DNA paternity testing has been able to confirm that , in some cases , adopted children trying to track down their biological parents were born to Yemenite families who had been informed that their children had died . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , described the issue as ‘ an open wound that continues to bleed ' for the many families not knowing what happened to the children who disappeared . [ 1 ]
Context [ edit ]
The Yemenite community was well established in Ottoman and then British Mandate Palestine by the turn of the century . The State of Israel was created in 1948 and almost immediately began to receive refugees who included both several hundred thousand Holocaust survivors and Jews who had become refugees as a result of the Jewish exodus from Arab and Muslim countries , which resulted in about 700,000 new immigrants from the Muslim world . [ 9 ]
Consequently , the population of Israel rose from 800,000 to two million between 1948 and 1958 . [ 10 ] During this period , food , clothes , and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the Austerity Period . Between 1948–1970 , approximately 1,151,029 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel . [ 11 ] Many arrived as penniless refugees and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot ; by 1952 , over 200,000 immigrants were living in these tent cities . [ 12 ]
Disappearances [ edit ]
Many of the complaints have common characteristics :
Almost all the missing children were under the age of 3 , they were the children of new immigrants who were less than a year in Israel and who arrived at the newly founded country in the immigration waves of those years ( see also Operation Magic Carpet ) , and almost all were descendants of Mizrahi Jews—especially descendants of immigrants from Yemen .
Almost all disappeared while in hospitals or when they were allegedly taken to hospitals .
Almost all the parents received only a spoken explanation that their children had died . The spoken message was only given to the parents when they inquired about the cause of their children 's disappearance and in most instances they were told of their child 's sudden death only after the funeral ( or the alleged funeral ) was held in their absence . In addition , the death records were incomplete and many parents never received a death certificate stating the death of their children .
Almost all the parents of the children who disappeared received a recruitment order from the Israel Defense Forces at a time when their children were supposed to approach the age of recruitment .
Nurse with Yemenite mother and child at Ein Shemer kibbutz 1950
The mystery surrounding the disappearance of these children has led to the claim that while many children were recorded as having died , in fact they were either kidnapped or were adopted by rich Ashkenazi Jews in Israel or abroad . The affair has been widely covered in the Israeli media through the decades , and so far four official investigating committees have been established to investigate the claims . The committees have investigated many hundreds of cases , and determined that the vast majority of children actually died and only in a minority cases they did not find enough evidence to determine what really happened .
The peak of the public outcry on the matter occurred in 1994 when Yemenite Rabbi Uzi Meshulam established an `` armed sect '' of radical Yemenite Jews in his garden , who barricaded themselves in his home and violently resisted Israeli law enforcement while demanding that the Israeli government establish a State Commission of Inquiry to examine the matter . [ 13 ] Meshulam 's efforts led to the creation of the Kedmi Commission the following year . The third commission of its kind , it set out to reinvestigate the disappearances . [ 2 ]
Inquiry committees [ edit ]
Since the 1960s , the Yemenite children affair has repeatedly been the subject of public debate every few years . As a result , through the years three formal inquiry committees and one public inquiry committee were established to investigate the matter and to expose the truth on this issue .
The Bahlul-Minkowski Committee [ edit ]
In 1967 , the Bahlul-Minkowski Committee was established . After examining 342 cases of disappearances , the committee determined that in 316 of these cases the children died for certain , and that in 2 instances the children were adopted ; the other 24 cases were inconclusive . [ 14 ]
Shalgi committee [ edit ]
The Israeli government led by Yitzhak Shamir established a commission headed by Justice Moshe Shalgi which lasted four years . [ 4 ] [ 15 ] This committee received new evidence on 301 children , and determined that in 65 of these cases their fate was unknown . It determined that in all the other cases the children did die . [ 16 ] The report was met with dissatisfaction by some Knesset members with David Mena saying , 'The report does n't reflect the real picture of the Yemenite children 's disappearance . ' Knesset member and chair of the interior committee , Dov Shilanski , who had overseen testimony given said , ‘ I personally believe , in contradiction to the Shalgi report , that there were more than a few cases of kidnapping of Yemenite babies . ' [ 17 ]
Kedmi Commission [ edit ]
In 1995 , immediately after publication of the Shalgi Committee 's conclusions , and following a public uproar , the Kedmi Commission was established . [ 15 ] Also known as the Cohen-Kedmi Commission , it was created in order to examine more than 1,000 cases of missing children .
In 2001 , the commission published its conclusions . It found that in the state 's first 6 years , although as many as 5,000 children may have disappeared , there was no basis to the claim that the establishment abducted babies . [ 2 ] Hundreds of thousands of documents relevant to testimonies and evidence were placed under lock for 70 years and will not be available to the public until 2071 . [ 3 ] The committee examined more than 800 cases , and did not manage to reach absolute conclusions in 56 of these cases . The committee determined that in 750 cases the children actually died . [ 18 ] The commission said that about 50 children were unaccounted for . [ 2 ]
In June 2016 , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appointed Tzachi Hanegbi , a government minister , to re-examine the evidence in the three previous inquiries . [ 3 ] Netanyahu said it would `` right an historic wrong '' , and marked a new era of transparency . The government opened up nearly all of the archives of the inquiries putting them online . [ 19 ]
Disturbing revelations followed in a special Knesset committee about medical experiments that had been carried out on the Yemenite children . Prior testimony given under oath during the previous inquiries revealed that many children had died as a consequence of medical negligence . Further testimony revealed that four undernourished babies died after being administered an experimental protein injection . Violating Jewish tradition , post-mortem examinations were carried out on children who were then buried in mass graves . Children 's hearts were removed in some cases and given to US doctors researching the near absence of heart disease found in Yemen . [ 19 ]
Public admission [ edit ]
In 2016 after having re-examined evidence given to a commission of inquiry in the late 1990s , Cabinet Minister Tzachi Hanegbi told Israeli TV : `` They took the children and gave them away . I do n't know where . '' The minister admitted that at least `` hundreds '' of children were taken without their parent 's consent , marking the first time such a public admission had been made by a government official . [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
Events since [ edit ]
After the issue resurfaced , a Haaretz investigation found that dozens of Ashkenazi children vanished in a manner similar to the way the Yemenite children did . [ 20 ]
On 23 January 2018 , after staging a mass demonstration in Petach-Tikvah , Yemenite families of children believed to have been abducted were given permission by the State Attorney 's Office to exhume 18 graves said to be those of their missing loved ones . Their hope is that , by exhuming their bodies for DNA testing , if the graves should prove to be empty or that the genetic findings do not match those of their siblings , it would give undisputed evidence of a cover-up in the disappearance of these children . [ 21 ]
See also [ edit ]
SF police officer reportedly fired for anti-Muslim text message
A San Francisco Police patch is seen on the uniform of an officer as he stands with members of the board of directors , members of the association and members of the community while Martin Halloran ( not shown ) , San Francisco Police Officers Association president , speaks during a press conference at the San Francisco Police Officers Association headquarters on Wednesday , December 16 , 2015 in San Francisco , Calif. less A San Francisco Police patch is seen on the uniform of an officer as he stands with members of the board of directors , members of the association and members of the community while Martin Halloran ( not shown ) , ... more Photo : Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Buy photo Photo : Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close SF police officer reportedly fired for anti-Muslim text message 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
A San Francisco police officer was fired last month after purportedly using an anti-Muslim slur in a text message , sources familiar with the case said Monday .
The officer , who was not identified , expressed regret , according to an attorney involved in the case , and attended meetings with the Muslim community while volunteering to work protection details around mosques . But he was terminated by the city Police Commission at the recommendation of new Police Chief William Scott .
The text was part of a batch of racist and bigoted messages discovered during a criminal investigation into former Taraval Station Officer Jason Lai , who was charged with misusing government databases after a woman accused him of rape . Lai was never charged with a sex crime and has pleaded not guilty to the alleged records violations .
Police Commission President L. Julius Turman confirmed Monday that “ the commission did fire an officer for evidence of bias , ” but said he could not go into details , citing state laws protecting law enforcement personnel records . The firing was first reported by the San Francisco Examiner .
The firing “ was a strong recommendation from both the chief and the commissioners , ” Turman said . “ The commissioners who voted on it were unanimous .
“ There 's no place for bias or racism in any department , ” he said , “ and when situations become identified and the commission is able to act on it , we will look into it and make the appropriate decision . ”
Scott declined to comment on the case . But in a March 7 presentation to the Board of Supervisors , the chief said that of 18 officers implicated in two episodes in which bigoted text messages were discovered , “ six are no longer with the San Francisco Police Department . ”
The fired officer is believed to be one of at least four officers involved in the latest set of texts , which were sent in 2014 .
In addition to Lai , former Lt. Curtis Liu — who was charged with obstructing the rape investigation of Lai — and former Officer Keith Ybarreta were believed by investigators to have exchanged derogatory and at times threatening texts directed toward black , Latino , Indian , gay and transgender people . Liu has pleaded not guilty .
San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi released some of the messages last year , including one sent to Lai from an unidentified person that used the term “ rag heads ” in reference to Muslims .
The first batch of bigoted texts , allegedly exchanged in 2012 among 14 officers , was discovered by federal authorities looking into allegations that plainclothes San Francisco officers had divided up money found during searches of drug dealers . Two of the officers then-Chief Greg Suhr recommended be fired — Michael Robison and Noel Schwab — resigned before disciplinary action could be taken .
The other officers are fighting discipline , saying the Police Department surpassed the one-year statute of limitations to investigate misconduct . A judge ruled in favor of the officers in 2015 , and the city is appealing .
Following the discovery of the second set of text messages , defense lawyers and victims ' advocates criticized the department , saying it had not sent a strong enough message that such behavior would not be tolerated .
The U.S. Department of Justice , which reviewed department practices after several police shootings of people of color , advised the agency to “ conduct an audit of its electronic systems ” to root out bias — a recommendation the department was initially reluctant to put in place .
“ In interviews , SFPD members who were tasked with advancing the audit did not display appropriate understanding of the importance of such an audit , ” Justice Department officials wrote in a report . “ Members were more focused on explaining why such an audit was not a good idea . ”
The department has since launched an ongoing audit of communications on department-issued devices . Officials said emails , text messages and in-vehicle communications are monitored by programs that are triggered by certain phrases or keywords .
Since November , the programs have flagged 107 words or phrases , but upon further investigation , no bias was detected . Sgt . Michael Andraychak said the flags were false-positives — “ hits which included triggering words captured within innocuous words . ”
Police declined to make public the keywords or the messages that were flagged .
Attorney Tony Brass , who is representing Liu in his criminal case , said he was concerned by San Francisco 's no-tolerance policy on bias , because officers , like civilians , are learning to get past personal biases .
The officer accused of sending the text message with the anti-Muslim slur pursued rehabilitation , Brass said , seeking to forge relationships with the Muslim community .
“ The expression of any bias is bad , ” Brass said . “ No one is saying it 's OK . But my understanding is that it was just one text and the program to make it right was serious and took a lot of effort and it was something the officer took very seriously .
“ There was just no mercy whatsoever , ” he said . “ If you really thought it was part of his life view that he had these deep biases , then it 's another situation . Expressing racial prejudice is not OK . But that one can never make it right at all is a little harsh in a city known for giving people second chances . ”
Vivian Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : vho @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ VivianHo
A pity you ca n't ask a dog for the shortest route home when you 're lost—or a cat or a seabird or a tortoise or a dung beetle , for that matter . Because if you could ask any of them how to get pretty much anywhere , odds are they 'd know a lot more than you think .
Animal navigation has long been something of a black box for scientists . The mystery of how nonhumans—without benefit of maps , language or GPS—manage to find their way from place to place , often over very great distances , presented itself anew recently when a dog walked 11 miles from its new home to return to a former foster owner . The feat was especially remarkable because the dog had been taken to its new location by car and had to find its way back on foot—meaning it had n't had a chance to learn the route . Even more impressive was the 2013 tale of the geolocating cat that had been lost and found its way home after a journey of two months and 200 miles . So how do animals manage such prodigious—and precise—feats of travel ?
The kind of natural map any animal follows depends largely on the species . As TIME has reported , seabirds are believed to steer mostly by the sun and the stars , since if the animals are ever going to get lost , it tends to happen when the skies are overcast . The same is true of the unglamorous dung beetle . While naturalists have not extensively tracked the species ' perambulations in the wild , they 've studied them in—yes—planetariums . As long as the artificial Milky Way was in view , the beetle and its dung ball rolled right along . Throw the switch and change the stars , however , and the little critter was completely flummoxed .
Many more animals navigate via magnetism—orienting themselves along the north-south lines of Earth 's magnetic fields . In one study of baby sea sea turtles , which typically migrate east after hatching , changing the orientation of magnetic generators around a swimming pool changed the direction in which the hatchlings swam too . Pigeons were thought to navigate the same way , especially since they have cells in their beaks that are heavy in iron . Later studies , however , found that those cells were related to the immune system , not navigation .
Mammals—and particularly two of the species of mammals that humans love best : dogs and cats—have a range of ways to get around . Dogs , no surprise , are very big on scent , and that can take them a very long way .
“ An eleven-mile distance is actually not terribly long for a dog , ” says Bonnie Beaver , the executive director of the American College of Veterinary Behaviorists and a professor at Texas A & M University . “ If the dog had walked both from and back to his home he 'd be following his own scent trail. ” In this case , the dog was instead probably following an equally compelling smell : that of its owner , a type of navigation that is entirely possible over long distances as long as the wind is right .
Dogs extend their scent range by moving among overlapping circles of familiar scents—much the way cell phone coverage relies on interconnected footprints from different cell towers . A dog that wanders out of its own immediate range might pick up the scent of , say , a familiar dog in the next circle . That might point it to a circle that contains a familiar person or tree or restaurant trash can , and so on .
Cats , like other animals , might rely more on magnetic fields—a faculty that could turn out to be quite common in mammals . “ There are some studies that show that the ears of most mammals contain iron , ” Beaver says . “ That may cue them into the magnetic direction in the ground . There 's work showing that cattle , deer and voles tend to orient in a north-south direction . ”
The overall temperament of an animal—or , more broadly , of the species—can play a role in navigation too . A dog that travels a great distance to get home is likely trying to return to its owner , since the dog-human bond is a powerful one . A cat that travels the same distance is—sorry cat owners—probably just tying to return to its territory .
No matter how well animals navigate , scientists caution against an observation bias that may make them seem better than they are . A dog or cat that finds its way halfway across the state makes news ; the uncounted others that stay lost do not . What 's more , some cases of remarkable returns may turn out to be matters of mistaken identity , unless there 's a positive way to identify an animal like an implanted microchip that some owners use along with a collar .
“ You hear these stories about a three-legged black cat that came home and jumped into its favorite chair , ” says Beaver . “ But it 's real hard to be sure because they 've been gone a long time and they look scruffy . And heck , that chair would be a comfortable one for any cat . ”
Still , we should n't dismiss all the stories out of hand . That cat that traveled 200 miles in 2013 ? It did have an implanted microchip . So kudos to at least one kitty—and probably a whole lot more .
Write to Jeffrey Kluger at jeffrey.kluger @ time.com .
Before moving house , I throw away all the old brooms . But this is just an antiquated superstition .
There is , at the outset of any serious pursuit of understanding religion and the history of religion , the need to isolate and redeploy the use of the term ‘ superstition ' as routinely applied in contemporary English .
In the first classes of the semester of my World Religions course , I included a short aside on the terminology that I would be using , and the terms that I would be avoiding .
Some of the important terms we had examined were , ‘ cult ' , ‘ idol ' , ‘ pagan ' and ‘ superstition ' .
I insisted that the term ‘ superstition ' be avoided in the introductory course . When the level of the class required an explanation for my exclusion of this term , I then guided the class in an exploration of the original Greek and its ancient uses .
But any instructor would be negligent to omit the fact that the word ‘ superstition ' is primarily used to distinguish one 's own , superior religious beliefs ; as such , this word has little value in the pursuit of religious literacy .
It is from the ancient biographer and essayist , Plutarch , writing at the turn of the millennium , that we have taken our notion of religion and superstition .
The important essay comes to us by the Latin title of De Superstitione , “ On Superstition ” , as part of Plutarch 's Moralia .
Plutarch defines and discusses religion , superstition and atheism in his essay , imploring the reader to sober religion , denouncing atheism and defining superstition as an inordinate preoccupation with ritual and the gods .
He defines his own version of piety as true religion ; he then defines as superstition , anything religious that falls outside of his own concept of piety .
In this way the term ‘ superstition ' serves Plutarch in his declaration of ‘ right faith ' ; clearly this use of the term is not well aligned with the goals of religious studies .
In the Greek version , the term δεισιδαιμονίας ‘ deisidaimonias ' is used , but this word had been employed throughout the classical period of Greek antiquity to mean ‘ religion ' in general , depending on who was speaking .
Herein lies the problem for the honest student of religion : who is calling whose religion ‘ superstition ? '
Superstition is defined in contemporary dictionaries as : ‘ an irrational belief that objects , actions , or circumstances that are not logically related to a course of events will influence its outcome .
This contemporary definition of superstition serves a similar purpose to that of the ancient , as it implies the existence of a logical ( or rational ) religion versus an illogical ( or irrational ) religion .
The only available use of the word ‘ superstition ' is this distinction between orthodoxy ( right belief ) and heresy ( belief or practice contrary to doctrine ) . As such , the term ‘ superstition ' belongs only to the arguments between believers , or to arguments between believers and atheists in the case of someone who considers all religion to be superstition .
Of what use can this term be to someone studying the religious practice of humanity ? Simply put , the term itself should be left to higher studies .
I argue that the term can only misguide you in your efforts to discovery the religions of the world ; the word is no better than any other pejorative term ; what , exactly is it supposed to mean ?
You ca n't learn what religion is if you are trying to distinguish between religion and superstition . Superstition is a bad word .
Advertisements
How America Was Lost — Paul Craig Roberts
How America Was Lost
Paul Craig Roberts
“ No legal issue arises when the United States responds to a challenge to its power , position , and prestige. ” Dean Acheson , 1962 , speaking to the American Society of International Law .
Dean Acheson declared 51 years ago that power , position , and prestige are the ingredients of national security and that national security trumps law . In the United States democracy takes a back seat to “ national security , ” a prerogative of the executive branch of government .
National security is where the executive branch hides its crimes against law , both domestic and international , its crimes against the Constitution , its crimes against innocent citizens both at home and abroad , and its secret agendas that it knows that the American public would never support .
“ National security ” is the cloak that the executive branch uses to make certain that the US government is unaccountable .
Without accountable government there is no civil liberty and no democracy except for the sham voting that existed in the Soviet Union and now exists in the US .
There have been periods in US history , such as President Lincoln 's war to prevent secession , World War I , and World War II , when accountable government was impaired . These were short episodes of the Constitution 's violation , and the Constitution was reinstated in the aftermath of the wars . However , since the Clinton regime , the accountability of government has been declining for more than two decades , longer than the three wars combined .
In law there is the concept of adverse possession , popularly known as “ squatters ' rights. ” A non-owner who succeeds in occupying a piece of property or some one else 's right for a certain time without being evicted enjoys the ownership title conveyed to him . The reasoning is that by not defending his rights , the owner showed his disinterest and in effect gave his rights away .
Americans have not defended their rights conveyed by the US Constitution for the duration of the terms of three presidents . The Clinton regime was not held accountable for its illegal attack on Serbia . The Bush regime was not held accountable for its illegal invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq . The Obama regime was not held accountable for its renewed attack on Afghanistan and its illegal attacks on Libya , Pakistan , and Yemen , and by its proxies on Syria .
We also have other strictly illegal and unconstitutional acts of government for which the government has not been held accountable . The Bush regimes ' acts of torture , indefinite detention , and warrantless spying , and the Obama regime 's acts of indefinite detention , warrantless spying , and murder of US citizens without due process . As the Obama regime lies through its teeth , we have no way of knowing whether torture is still practiced .
If these numerous criminal acts of the US government spread over the terms of three presidents pass into history as unchallenged events , the US government will have acquired squatters ' rights in lawlessness . The US Constitution will be , as President George W. Bush is reported to have declared , “ a scrap of paper . ”
Lawlessness is the hallmark of tyranny enforced by the police state . In a police state law is not a protector of rights but a weapon in the hands of government . [ see Roberts & Stratton , The Tyranny of Good Intentions ] The accused has no recourse to the accusation , which does not require evidence presented to a court . The accused is guilty by accusation alone and can be shot in the back of the head , as under Stalin , or blown up by a drone missile , as under Obama .
As a person aware of the long struggle against the tyrannical state , I have been amazed and disheartened by the acceptance not only by the insouciant American public , but also by law schools , bar associations , media , Congress and the Supreme Court of the executive branch 's claim to be above both law and the US Constitution .
As Lawrence Stratton and I show in our book about how the law was lost , liberals and conservatives chasing after their favorite devils , such as child abusers and drug pushers , and prosecutors , judges , and police devoted to conviction and not to justice , have gradually eroded over time the concept of law as a protection of the innocent , With the atmosphere of threat created by 9/11 , the final destruction of the protective features of law was quickly achieved in the name of making us safe from terrorists .
The fact that we are no longer safe from our own government did not register .
This is how liberty was lost , and America with it .
Can liberty be regained ? Probably not , but there is a chance if Americans have the necessary strength of character . The chance comes from the now known fact that the neoconservative Bush/Cheney regime took America and its puppet states to war in Afghanistan and Iraq entirely on the basis of lies . As all evidence proves , these wars were not the results of mistaken intelligence . They were the products of intentional lies .
The weapons inspectors told the Bush regime that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . Despite this known fact , the Bush regime sent Secretary of State Colin Powell to the UN with fabricated evidence to convince the world that Saddam Hussein had “ weapons of mass destruction ” and was a threat to the world . Even if such weapons had existed in Iraq , many countries have them , including the US and Israel , and the presence of weapons does not under the Nuremberg Laws justify unprovoked aggression against the possessor . Under the Nuremberg Laws , unprovoked military aggression is a war crime , not the possession of weapons that many countries have . The war crime was committed by the US and its “ coalition of the willing , ” not by Saddam Hussein .
As for the invasion of Afghanistan , we know from the last video of Osama bin Laden in October 2001 , attested by experts to be the last appearance of a man dying of renal failure and other diseases , that he declared that he had no responsibility for 9/11 and that Americans should look to their own government . We know as a reported fact that the Afghan Taliban offered to turn over Osama bin Laden to Washington if the Bush regime would provide the evidence that indicated bin Laden was responsible . The Bush regime refused to hand over the ( non-existent ) evidence and , with support of the corrupt and cowardly Congress and the presstitute media , attacked Afghanistan without any legal justification . Remember , the FBI has stated publicly that it has no evidence that Osama bin Laden was responsible for 9/11 and that that is why the crimes for which the FBI wanted bin Laden did not include responsibility for the 9/11 attack .
The war propaganda campaign was well prepared . Yellow ribbon decals were handed out for cars proclaiming “ support the troops. ” In other words , anyone who raises the obvious questions is not supporting the troops . Still today insouciant Americans sport these decals on their cars unaware that what they are supporting are the murder of foreign women , children and village elders , the death and physical and mental maiming of American soldiers , and the worldwide destruction of the reputation of the United States , with America 's main rival , China , now calling for a “ de-Americanized world . ”
A country with a population as insouciant as Americans is a country in which the government can do as it pleases .
Now that we have complete proof that the criminal Bush regime took our country to wars in Afghanistan and Iraq solely on the basis of intentional lies , how can the legal institutions , the courts , the American people possibly tolerate the Obama regime 's ignoring of the obvious crimes ? How can America simply accept Obama 's statement that we must n't look back , only move ahead ? If the US government , which has committed the worst crimes of our generation , can not be held accountable and punished , how can federal , state , and local courts fill up American prisons with people who smoked pot and with people who did not sufficiently grovel before the police state .
Doubtless , the Obama regime , should it obey the law and prosecute the Bush regime 's crimes , would have to worry about being prosecuted for its own crimes , which are just as terrible . Nevertheless , I believe that the Obama regime could survive if it put all the blame on the Bush regime , prosecuted the Bush criminals , and desisted from the illegal actions that it currently supports . This would save the Constitution and US civil liberty , but it would require the White House to take the risk that by enforcing US law , US law might be enforced against its own illegal and unconstitutional acts by a succeeding regime .
The Bush/Cheney/John Yoo neoconservative regime having got rid of US law , no doubt the Obama regime thinks it is best to leave the situation as it is , rid of law .
Without accountability , America is finished . Not only will Americans live in a police state with no civil liberties , but the rest of the world is already looking at America with a jaundiced eye . The US is being reconstituted as an authoritarian state . All it takes is one failure of accountability for the police state to become entrenched , and we have had numerous failures of accountability . Does anyone really believe that some future government is going to make restitution to persecuted truth-tellers , such as Bradley Manning , Julian Assange , and Edward Snowdon , as was done for Japanese Americans ?
Now that we know for a certain fact that the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq were based on propaganda and lies , Congress and the world media should demand to know what was the real secret agenda . What are the real reasons for which Afghanistan and Iraq were invaded ?
No truthful explanation for these wars exists .
Paul O'Neill , the Bush regime 's first Treasury Secretary , is on public record stating that at the very first cabinet meeting , long prior to 9/11 , the agenda was a US attack on Iraq .
In other words , the Bush regime 's attack on Iraq had nothing whatsoever to do with 9/11 .
What was the Bush regime 's secret agenda , kept secret by the Obama regime , that required an illegal , war criminal , attack on a sovereign country , an action for which officials of Hitler 's government were executed ? What is the real purpose of Washington 's wars ?
It is totally and completely obvious that the wars have nothing to do with protecting Americans from terrorism . If anything , the wars stir up and create terrorists . The wars create hatred of America that never previously existed . Despite this , America is free of terrorists attacks except for the ones orchestrated by the FBI . What the fabricated “ terror threat ” has done is to create a thorough-going domestic police state that is unaccountable .
Americans need to understand that they have lost their country . The rest of the world needs to recognize that Washington is not merely the most complete police state since Stalinism , but also a threat to the entire world . The hubris and arrogance of Washington , combined with Washington 's huge supply of weapons of mass destruction , make Washington the greatest threat that has ever existed to all life on the planet . Washington is the enemy of all humanity .
Coming Soon
Tijuana
When a prominent politician is murdered in cold blood , intrepid local journalists risk their lives to uncover the truth .
Formula 1 : Drive to Survive
Drivers , managers and team owners live life in the fast lane -- both on and off the track -- during one cutthroat season of Formula 1 racing .
Huge In France
Famous comedian Gad Elmaleh moves to LA to reconnect with his son and must learn to live without the celebrity perks he 's accustomed to in France .
The Fast and the Furious Animated Show
Adventures abound as a group of teenagers infiltrates an elite racing league controlled by a nefarious organization bent on world domination .
Avatar The Last Airbender
Long ago , the four nations lived in harmony . Then , everything changed . The animated show 's original creators helm a live-action take on Aang 's story .
Charlie 's Colorforms City
Loveable , hilarious Charlie leads you on unpredictable and imaginative shape-filled story expeditions alongside a colorful cast of characters .
YooHoo to the Rescue
In a series of magical missions , quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need .
I Am Not Okay With This
A teen navigates the complexities of high school , family and her sexuality while dealing with new superpowers . Based on Charles Forsman 's graphic novel .
This is the second post in a series on salsas Salsa is n't just for corn chips any more . This was my sudden mind-blowing , earth-shattering realization . It came way back during my college days after a working interview at one very famous Southwestern restaurant . They fed me dinner—a grilled tenderloin steak smothered in a smokey salsa—in exchange for my night 's work . I had only ever eaten steak plain , and my life would never be the same . I got the job . But more importantly , I opened my eyes to the possibilities of salsa.Salsas , whether they 're made from chiles , tomatoes , tomatillos , avocados , or fruit , are an integral part of Mexican and Southwestern cuisines . They vary from mild to medium to spicy , and they can be served hot , at room temperature , or cold . Salsas can function as either dip or sauce ( in fact , salsa is Spanish for sauce ) , and they are the perfect accompaniment to everything from eggs to tacos to rice and beans . They can transform a simple grilled steak , pork chop , chicken breast , fish fillet , or even veggie into a spectacular meal . It 's no wonder that salsa has overtaken ketchup as the most popular condiment in the U.S.But while I 'm singing the praises of salsa , I want to make clear that I mean homemade , from-scratch salsa . Homemade salsa is vibrant and fresh and delicious and healthy , and it can perk up anything you put it on . ( In comparison , the store-bought stuff is appallingly expensive and completely tasteless . ) And if there 's a batch in the fridge , it 's sure to inspire many amazing meals.2 ripe Hass avocados6 Serrano chiles , seeded and diced¾ cup packed cilantro2 cups water3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juiceKosher saltHalve , pit , and peel the avocados . Combine the avocados , Serranos , cilantro , water , and lime juice in a blender and blend until smooth . Season to taste with salt.Makes about 3 ½ cups . Heat level : mild . If you like it hotter , leave the seeds in some or all of the Serranos . This light and refreshing salsa is especially good with seafood . Keeps for a day or two tightly sealed in the refrigerator—browning is only slight . Serve at room temperature .
EXCLUSIVE : Joseph Gordon-Levitt will make his feature directing debut on an untitled comedy he 'll star in with Scarlett Johansson . Gordon-Levitt wrote the script , and Nicolas Chartier 's Voltage Pictures will finance the film and sell international rights in Berlin . Ram Bergman is producing for Ram Bergman Productions in association with Gordon-Levitt 's hitRecord Films . Shooting will start April 16 .
While Gordon-Levitt would not give up too many details , I got this much : the film is a sexy comedy about about a modern-day Don Juan , and his quest to become less of a “ selfish dick. ” He plays that character , and there is another female lead role that will be filled shortly .
The move into the directing chair comes at a time when Gordon-Levitt is coming off the lead role as a cancer-stricken man in 50/50 , and when he has a killer dance card for 2012 . He stars in The Dark Knight Rises , Premium Rush , Looper and Lincoln , all opening this year .
Getting behind the camera on a feature is hardly a lark . Gordon-Levitt , a child actor whose credits included 3rd Rock From The Sun , became burnt out in his teens and left the business to attend Columbia University and experience life . Lucky for him , when he came back he 'd grown into a cross between Heath Ledger and Keanu Reeves , and has turned in strong adult performances in films including The Lookout , ( 500 ) Days Of Summer , and Inception . Despite his success , Gordon-Levitt tells me that all along , his major motive for returning was a burning desire to direct .
“ I was a child actor for years and quit at 19 , went to school awhile , and a big part of why I came back was that I ultimately wanted to make movies , ” Gordon-Levitt said . “ I spent a year working with Chris Nolan , Rian Johnson , Steven Spielberg , and I did my best to pay attention . I 've also been making short films for a long time now , I 've directed a ton of them , and that is a huge part of why I feel comfortable and confident in this . ”
Gordon-Levitt 's short film learning curve included an adaptation of Elmore Leonard 's short story Sparks , and Destiny 's Eleventeenth Date : The Zeppelin Zoo , both of which played the festival circuit . He worked on the comedy script for three years , and while he tried others , this was the first that came together , while he was shooting 50/50 . “ This is the first time I finished a feature film I thought was good enough to make into a movie , ” he said . “ I 've written others , including one mammothy huge sprawling thing that encompasses my entire point of view of everything since I was 20 years old. ” Those efforts are in a drawer somewhere .
“ I wrote myself a helluva role , one that people would n't necessarily think of me for , ” said Gordon-Levitt , who 's braced for the challenge of both directing and starring . Though he 's been acting his whole life , Gordon-Levitt figures there will be an adjustment . Many actors hate watching their own work onscreen and some , like Daniel Day-Lewis , refuse to watch their own films at all . “ I 've thought about that a lot , ” he said , “ but that 's a big part of what I 've learned making and appearing in short films . It takes practice to get used to seeing yourself and not being freaked out and self conscious by the sound of your own voice . ”
Now that he 's locked financing for his directing debut , the big dilemma facing Gordon-Levitt is whether he 'll be able to keep his plan to play a small supporting role in Django Unchained , Quentin Tarantino 's slave-era drama . “ It will be tricky schedule-wise , but I was honest with Quentin upfront , ” Gordon-Levitt said . “ He was so cool and encouraging . He said , ‘ You strike me as the kind of guy who would want to direct , ' and I took that as high praise. ” Gordon-Levitt 's repped by CAA , which will sell domestic .
( Gordon-Levitt photo : Getty Images )
Every Saturday throughout the offseason , one question from Twitter will be selected to further explore a relevant topic around the New England Patriots .
@ MikeReiss you 've suggested that Amendola 's roster spot and salary are in doubt but does n't his added special teams value make him worth it ? — Eric Stockman ( @ utterlack ) March 25 , 2016
Eric , I could make a strong case that Danny Amendola is indeed worth it . The first thing that comes to mind is the trust he 's developed with Tom Brady as a receiver , which is something that is hard to gain . That has added value when considering that Brady is going to be 39 on Aug. 3 , highlighting how opportunities to make a championship run are narrowing .
So why voluntarily take away a receiver in Brady 's circle of trust ? Amendola is also coming off an excellent season ( 65 catches ) while playing 51.5 percent of the snaps and is important depth as a projected No . 3 option . Add in the work he does as a returner , especially with the possibility of more kickoff returns with the new rules placing a touchback at the 25-yard line , and that is the foundation of the argument to absorb the $ 5 million base salary and $ 6.8 million cap charge -- both team highs for receivers .
Sometimes a player 's cap charge is n't always in line with his projected role , but Amendola put the team first and took a pay cut last year , and that counts for something , too . All that said , I have doubts that Bill Belichick will ultimately be thinking along those lines and that 's why I see this as a situation to watch as the year unfolds . Do the Patriots approach Amendola about a pay cut for a second year in a row ? They are a better team with Amendola , but the projected No . 3 role/economics are a factor of note in this situation , and the team 's track record in making tough economic decisions is solid .
The Falkland Islands wolf ( Dusicyon australis ) , also known as the warrah ( WAH-rə or WAH-rah ) and occasionally as the Falkland Islands dog , Falkland Islands fox , or Antarctic wolf , was the only native land mammal of the Falkland Islands . This endemic canid became extinct in 1876 , the first known canid to have become extinct in historical times . It was the only modern species in the genus Dusicyon .
Traditionally it had been supposed that the most closely related genus was Lycalopex , including the culpeo , which has been introduced to the Falkland Islands in modern times . However , in 2009 , a cladistic analysis of DNA identified the Falkland Island wolf 's closest living relative as the maned wolf ( Chrysocyon brachyurus ) —an unusually long-legged , fox-like South American canid , from which it separated about 6.7 million years ago . [ 3 ]
The Falkland Islands wolf existed on both West and East Falkland , but Charles Darwin was uncertain if they were differentiated varieties . [ 4 ] Its fur had a tawny colour and the tip of the tail was white . Its diet is unknown , but , due to the absence of native rodents on the Falklands , probably consisted of ground-nesting birds such as geese and penguins , seal pups , and insects , as well as seashore scavenging . [ 5 ] It has sometimes been said that it may have lived in burrows . [ 6 ]
History [ edit ]
The first recorded sighting was by Capt . John Strong in 1690 . [ 7 ] Captain Strong took one of the animals on his ship , but during the voyage back to Europe the creature became frightened by the firing of the ship 's cannon and jumped overboard . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] Louis Antoine de Bougainville , who established the first settlement in the Falkland Islands termed it a loup-renard [ 9 ] ( `` wolf-fox '' ) . The name `` warrah '' is a corruption of the term aguará ( meaning `` fox '' in Guaraní , a Native American language ) , because of its similarity to the maned wolf ( aguará guazú ) . The warrah 's Latin name translates into `` foolish dog of the south '' , because of its apparent lack of fear of people .
The Falkland Island wolf was hunted for its fur .
When Charles Darwin visited the islands in 1833 he found the species present in both West and East Falkland and tame . However , at the time of his visit the animal was already very rare on East Falkland , and even on West Falkland its numbers were declining rapidly . By 1865 , it was no longer found on the eastern part of East Falkland . He predicted that the animal would join the dodo among the extinct within `` a very few years . '' It was hunted for its valuable fur , and the settlers , regarding the wolf as a threat to their sheep , poisoned it . [ 10 ] However , the belief that Falkland Islands wolf was a threat to sheep was probably due to the sheep mistaking the Falkland Islands wolves for dogs ( especially at night ) , and , in terror , the sheep ran into bogs and swamps , where they became lost . [ 11 ] There were no forests for the animal to hide in , and it had no fear of man ; it was possible to lure the animal with a chunk of meat held in one hand , and kill it with a knife or stick held in the other . However , it would defend itself occasionally if it needed to , as Admiral George Grey noted when they landed on West Falkland at Port Edgar on 17 December 1836 :
I landed in the creek and had hardly put a foot on shore , when one of the foxes of the country was chased by Pilot . I ran up as they were fighting and came to the poor dog 's assistance who had nearly met his match , and a rifle ball soon settled the business , but the Pilot had received a terrible bite in the leg .
A live wolf was taken to London Zoo , England in 1868 . [ 12 ] Another `` Antarctic wolf '' arrived in 1870 . Neither animal survived long . Only a dozen or so museum specimens exist today . [ 3 ]
In 1880 , after the animal became extinct , Thomas Huxley classified it as related to the coyote . In 1914 , Oldfield Thomas moved it to the genus Dusicyon , with the culpeo and other South American foxes . ( These other canids have since been removed to Lycalopex . )
Darwin 's description [ edit ]
Darwin writing about his 1834 visit to the Falklands in his Journal and Remarks ( The Voyage of the Beagle ) has the following to say of Canis antarcticus :
The only quadruped native to the island , is a large wolf-like fox , which is common to both East and West Falkland . Have no doubt it is a peculiar species , and confined to this archipelago ; because many sealers , Gauchos , and Indians , who have visited these islands , all maintain that no such animal is found in any part of South America . Molina , from a similarity in habits , thought this was the same with his `` culpeu '' ; but I have seen both , and they are quite distinct . These wolves are well known , from Byron 's account of their tameness and curiosity ; which the sailors , who ran into the water to avoid them , mistook for fierceness . To this day their manners remain the same . They have been observed to enter a tent , and actually pull some meat from beneath the head of a sleeping seaman . The Gauchos , also , have frequently killed them in the evening , by holding out a piece of meat in one hand , and in the other a knife ready to stick them . As far as I am aware , there is no other instance in any part of the world , of so small a mass of broken land , distant from a continent , possessing so large a quadruped peculiar to itself . Their numbers have rapidly decreased ; they are already banished from that half of the island which lies to the eastward of the neck of land between St. Salvador Bay and Berkeley Sound . Within a very few years after these islands shall have become regularly settled , in all probability this fox will be classed with the dodo , as an animal which has perished from the face of the earth . Mr Lowe , an intelligent person who has long been acquainted with these islands , assured me , that all the foxes from the western island were smaller and of a redder colour than those from the eastern . In the four specimens which were brought to England in the Beagle there was some variation , but the difference with respect to the islands could not be perceived . At the same time the fact is far from improbable . [ 4 ]
Biogeography and evolution [ edit ]
When organising his notes on the last stage of the Beagle expedition , Darwin wrote of his growing suspicions that the differences between the various Galápagos Islands mockingbirds and tortoises , as well as the possible dissimilarity of West Falkland and East Falkland Islands wolves , were but variants that differed depending on which island they came from :
When I see these Islands in sight of each other , & possessed of but a scanty stock of animals , tenanted by these birds but slightly differing in structure & filling the same place in Nature , I must suspect they are only varieties . The only fact of a similar kind of which I am aware is the constant asserted difference between the wolf-like Fox of East & West Falkland Islands . If there is the slightest foundation for these remarks the zoology of Archipelagoes will be well worth examining ; for such facts [ would ] undermine the stability of Species . [ 13 ]
The word `` would '' was added after this passage was first written , suggesting a cautious qualification from his initial bold statement . [ 14 ] He later wrote that such facts `` seemed to me to throw some light on the origin of species '' . [ 15 ]
Related species [ edit ]
A DNA analysis [ 16 ] and a study of comparative brain anatomy [ 17 ] suggest that the closest living relative of the Falkland Islands wolf is the South American maned wolf . [ 3 ] Their most recent common ancestor was estimated to have lived some 6 million years ago and was close to the most recent common ancestor of all South American canids , Eucyon or a close relative . It would seem that the lineages of the maned wolf and the Falkland Islands wolf separated in North America ; canids did not appear in South America until roughly 3 million years ago in a paleozoogeographical event called the Great American Biotic Interchange , in which the continents of North and South America were newly connected by the formation of the Isthmus of Panama . However , no fossil from North America can be assigned to the Falkland Islands wolf or its immediate ancestors . [ 3 ]
Dusicyon avus , known from fossils from southern South America as recent as 1600 years ago , was a close mainland relative of the Falkland Islands wolf . [ 18 ]
In terms of skull shape and feeding habits , the animal was an opportunistic predator , more like a jackal . [ 19 ]
Biogeographical isolation on the Falklands [ edit ]
The route by which the Falkland Islands wolf was established in the islands was unknown for a long time , as the islands have never been connected to the mainland [ 20 ] and there are no other native land mammals . [ 21 ] No other oceanic island as remote as the Falklands has a native canid ; the island fox of California in the US and Darwin 's fox of Chile both inhabit islands much closer to a continent .
Berta and other authors suggest that it was unlikely that the wolf 's ancestors could have survived the last Ice Age on the Falklands and they must therefore have arrived later , within the last ten thousand years , crossing a wide expanse of the South Atlantic . [ 22 ] Its close relative , Dusicyon avus , did survive in South America until a few thousand years ago , but swimming such a distance or even drifting on a floating log would appear effectively impossible for the wolf . [ 23 ] Some speculated that the species had originally arrived with indigenous peoples visiting the islands after the settlement of the Americas , having been kept by them in a semi-domesticated state . [ 24 ] There is , however , no definite evidence that humans ever visited the Falklands before the Age of Discovery ( the islands are not visible from the mainland , and traveling to the Falklands in open canoes would have been very difficult and extremely dangerous ) nor is there any evidence that the ancestors of the wolf were ever domesticated . [ citation needed ]
DNA of the extinct mainland relative , D. avus , analyzed in 2013 suggests that its genetic history diverged from the Falkland Islands wolf only some 16,000 years ago , during the last glacial phase . [ 23 ] This is strong evidence that the ancestors of the wolf were isolated on the islands only since the last glacial maximum . A 2009 analysis of mitochondrial DNA from five museum specimens of the Falkland Islands wolf indicated that they had multiple mitochondrial haplotypes whose most recent common ancestor lived about 330,000 years ago , [ 16 ] giving some idea of the genetic diversity of the founding population .
An Ice Age land bridge or ice connection between the Falkland Islands and South America , enabling the species ' ancestors to traverse the gap , has long been suggested . There was never a true land bridge between the islands and South America , but submarine terraces have been found on the Argentine coastal shelf , formed by low sea-stands during the last glacial phase . [ 23 ] This suggests that there was a shallow strait as narrow as 20 km , which may have frozen completely at times . [ 23 ] It seems likely that the founding population of the wolf crossed on this ice bridge during the last Ice Age . [ 16 ] [ 23 ] This would explain the absence of other mainland mammals on the islands ; an ice crossing is much more difficult than crossing a land bridge . [ 23 ]
Commemorations [ edit ]
Locations :
Fox Bay , a bay and settlement on West Falkland
Warrah River , West Falkland
Other :
The fifty pence piece of the Falkland Island pound features the warrah
The Warrah , a Falkland Islands conservation magazine [ 25 ]
, a Falkland Islands conservation magazine `` Warrah Knitwear '' , a company formerly based in Fox Bay .
`` Warrah Design '' , a company based in Fox Bay
The warrah was featured on a 2009 Falkland Islands commemorative stamp issued for the Charles Darwin bicentennial .
`` The Warrah '' , an episode from Radio 4 , From Fact to Fiction [ 26 ]
The warrah also features on a Falkland Islands Football League pin badge .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The unveiling of kdbus
Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features . Please sign up today !
Sporting an `` Open Source Tea Party '' T-shirt , Lennart Poettering used his linux.conf.au talk to introduce an effort that he and several others have been working on for the better part of the last year : reimplementing the D-Bus mechanism within the kernel . The result , should it make it through the review process , will equip Linux with a proper native interprocess communication mechanism for , Lennart said , the first time ever .
The good and bad of D-Bus
Unlike most other kernels , Linux has never had a well-designed IPC mechanism . Windows and macOS have this feature ; even Android , based on Linux , has one in the form of the `` binder '' subsystem . Linux , instead , has only had the primitives — sockets , FIFOs , and shared memory — but those have never been knitted together into a reasonable application-level API . Kdbus is an attempt to do that knitting and create something that is at least as good as the mechanisms found on other systems .
Linux does have D-Bus , which he said , is a powerful IPC system ; it is the closest thing to a standard in this area as can be found on Linux . Lennart put up an extensive list of advantages to using D-Bus . It provides a nice method-call transaction mechanism ( allowing for sending a message and getting a response ) and a means for sending `` signals '' ( notifications ) to the rest of the system . There is a discovery mechanism to see what else is running on the bus and the introspection facilities needed to learn about what services are offered . D-Bus includes a mechanism for the enforcement of security policies , a way of starting services when they are first used , type-safe marshaling of data structures , and passing of credentials and file descriptors over the bus . There are bindings for a wide range of languages and network transparency as well .
On the other hand , D-Bus also suffers from a number of limitations . It is well suited to control tasks , but less so for anything that has to carry significant amounts of data . So , for example , D-Bus works well to tell a sound server to change the volume , but one would not want to try to send the actual audio data over the bus . The problem here is the fundamental inefficiencies of the user-space D-Bus implementation ; a call-return message requires ten message copies , four message validations , and four context switches — not the way to get good performance . Beyond that , credential passing is limited , there are no timestamps on messages , D-Bus is not available at early boot , connections to security frameworks ( e.g . SELinux ) must happen in user space , and there are race conditions around the activation of services . D-Bus also suffers from what Lennart described as a `` baroque code base '' and heavy use of XML .
Even so , Lennart said , D-Bus is `` fantastic '' and it solves a number of real problems . Ten years of use have shown that the core design is sound . It is also well established and widely used . So the right thing to do is not to replace D-Bus , but to come up with a better implementation .
Into the kernel
That implementation is kdbus , an in-kernel implementation of D-Bus . This implementation is able to carry large amounts of data ; it can be reasonably used for gigabyte-sized message streams . It can perform zero-copy message passing , but even in the worst case , a message and its response are passed with no more than two copy operations , two validations , and two context switches . Full credential information ( user ID , process ID , SELinux label , control group information , capabilities , and much more ) is passed with each message , and all messages carry timestamps . Kdbus is always available to the system ( no need to wait for the D-Bus daemon to be started ) , Linux security modules can hook into it directly , various race conditions have been fixed , and the API has simplified .
Kdbus is implemented as a character device in the kernel ; processes wishing to join the bus open the device , then call mmap ( ) to map a message-passing area into their address space . Messages are assembled in this area then handed to the kernel for transport ; it is a simple matter for the kernel to copy the message from one process 's mapped area to another process 's area . Messages can include timeouts ( `` method call windows '' ) by which a reply must be received . There is a name registry that is quite similar to the traditional D-Bus registry .
The `` memfd '' mechanism enables zero-copy message passing in kdbus . A memfd is simply a region of memory with a file descriptor attached to it ; it operates similarly to a memory-mapped temporary file , `` but also very differently . '' A memfd can be `` sealed , '' after which the owning process can no longer change its contents . A process wishing to send a message will build it in the memfd area , seal it , then pass it to kdbus for transport . Depending on the size of the message , the relevant pages may just be mapped into the receiving process 's address space , avoiding a copy of the data . But the break-even point is larger than one might expect ; Lennart said that it works better to simply copy anything that is less than about 512KB . Below that size , the memory-mapping overhead exceeds the savings from not copying the data .
Memfds can be reused at will . A process that needs to repeatedly play the same sound can seal the sample data into a memfd once and send it to the audio server whenever it needs to be played . All told , Lennart said , memfds work a lot like the Android `` ashmem '' subsystem .
The signal broadcasting mechanism has been rewritten to use Bloom filters to select recipients . A Bloom filter uses a hash to allow the quick elimination of many candidate recipients , making the broadcast mechanism relatively efficient .
There is a user-space proxy server that can be used by older code that has not been rewritten to use the new API , so everything should just work on a kdbus-enabled system with no code changes required .
When will this code make its appearance ? It has been announced on the D-Bus mailing list , and the code is available in the relevant repositories now . The main thing that is missing at the moment is the policy enforcement mechanism . Everything will work , Lennart said , if one does n't mind that it will all be `` horribly insecure . '' The plan is to get the code merged into the mainline kernel sometime in 2014 . He is optimistic that this will work out ; having Greg Kroah-Hartman involved in the process helps with his confidence there . But Lennart noted that two previous attempts to get D-Bus functionality into the kernel have failed , so there are no guarantees . Stay tuned over the course of the next year to see how it goes .
See kdbus.txt in the kernel-side source repository for more information on the design of kdbus .
[ Your editor would like to thank linux.conf.au for funding his travel to Perth ] .
MIRANSHAH , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A bomb rigged to a motorcycle exploded in a militant-plagued part of northwest Pakistan near the Afghan border , killing nine people , officials said on Wednesday , the latest violence in a recent rise in attacks in the nuclear-armed country .
The bomb was detonated by remote control late on Tuesday when an army vehicle passed in Mir Ali town in the North Waziristan region , said three Pakistani officials who declined to be identified as they are not authorized to speak to the media .
A spokesman for the Pakistani army , which is responsible for security in the volatile , ethnic Pashtun region , did not respond to calls seeking comment .
“ Waziristan is bleeding once again , ” said police official Tahir Khan in Peshawar , the main city in the northwest , who said he had heard about the blast but had no details .
No militant group claimed responsibility .
North Waziristan was long home to Pakistani and foreign Islamist militants linked to the Taliban and al Qaeda until the Pakistani army launched a major push against them in mid-2014 .
The military offensive cleared the militants from their bases and largely broke up their networks , forcing them to flee either over the porous border into Afghanistan or to other parts of Pakistan .
But the militants have struck back , sometimes with major attacks .
Last Friday , three Pakistani Taliban suicide bombers stormed a college in Peshawar , killing eight students and a guard .
A week earlier , a senior police commander was killed in a suicide bomb attack in Peshawar .
On Tuesday , the Pakistani Taliban killed a member of an anti-Taliban faction in another part of the northwest , while a bomb aimed at members of another pro-government faction killed five people a week earlier .
The Pakistani Taliban are fighting to topple the government and impose a strict interpretation of Islamic law . They are loosely allied with the Afghan Taliban who ruled most of Afghanistan until they were overthrown by U.S.-backed military action in 2001 .
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Pakistan this week to urge it to “ redouble ” efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry out attacks in Afghanistan .
In recent days , we 've been bombarded with videos featuring New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. and his near-limitless athletic ability .
While promoting the NFL 's International Series in Germany , Beckham Jr. has been featured a number of times showing off his soccer skills . And while that 's nothing new for OBJ , he has also showcased his evolving maturity with much less fanfare .
Only a short time after being mobbed in the streets by hundreds ( if not thousands ) of fans , Beckham Jr. noticed a handful of cyclists feverishly pedaling after his vehicle in an attempt to meet the superstar .
Rather than ignore the group and go about his business , Beckham Jr. actually had his driver pull over in the street so he could get out and meet even more of his adoring International fans .
With so many questions about Beckham Jr. 's maturity following the Josh Norman debacle — a situation that eventually led to a one-game suspension — it 's refreshing to see him engaging in situations just like these .
Not only is it good for Beckham Jr. 's personal brand to strike a cord with his fans , it 's also good for the NFL and the New York Giants . It will certainly benefit the league when and if they decide to play a game in Germany , which could happen as early as 2017 .
Related Pro Football Focus unimpressed with New York Giants wide receivers
Beckham Jr. is due back stateside shortly as he and the Giants ready themselves to report to training camp in East Rutherford , NY on July 28 . He 'll undoubtedly be met by a similarly-sized group of fans there .
This article is over 3 years old
Kim Jong-un will turn all the mountains into golden forests , foreign minister tells climate summit in Paris
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has launched a war on deforestation , the country 's foreign minister said at the Paris climate talks , pledging to “ actively engage ” in global environment efforts .
The reclusive country is among the 195 nations gathered in the French capital to craft a deal aimed at curbing the greenhouse gas emissions that are pushing climate change .
Kim “ has declared war on deforestation and has put forward a massive project to turn all the mountains of the country into mountains of gold , thickly wooded with trees , ” Ri Su-yong told delegates .
Ri said the country would complete a large-scale tree-planting initiative over the next decade , which will help the “ national effort to mitigate climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions ” .
He said North Korea had the “ aim of reducing the country 's total amount of greenhouse gas emissions by 37.4 % compared with the levels of the 1990s .
North Korean carbon emissions plummeted in the 1990s as its economy collapsed , but have crept slowly back up in recent years .
The government “ will continue to faithfully discharge its responsibilities as a party to UNFCCC and actively engage itself in international efforts to protect the global environment , ” said Ri .
The UNFCCC is the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change , established 1992 as the main international arena for addressing global warming and its impacts .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
The conviction of the Boston Marathon bomber puts opponents of capital punishment in an awkward spot .
How about now ?
Are you in favor of the death penalty now ?
I ask because the preferred argument from opponents of the death penalty is doubt : We can never be sure ; look at all of the people released from death row ; we ca n't afford to risk ending a single innocent life .
Advertisement
Advertisement
None of those arguments apply to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . He admitted , through his lawyers , that he and his brother murdered three people and maimed 260 others at the Boston Marathon . ( A few days later , they murdered a police officer . )
RELATED : I 'm Against the Death Penalty , But I Do n't Really Care if Tsarnaev Fries
Advertisement
Tsarnaev knowingly left a bomb next to a family on a family outing . Martin William Richard , eight years old , died . His sister Jane lost a leg . His mother lost an eye .
A half hour after the bombing , Tsarnaev went to the Whole Foods to buy some milk , and the next day , he wrote on Twitter , “ I 'm a stress-free kind of guy . ”
Ever since Rolling Stone 's asinine cover story on the murderer , Tsarnaev has become something of a sex symbol for the morally stunted and chronically stupid . If you 're one of them , or just someone prone to conspiracy theories who think maybe Tsarnaev 's confession was coerced , bear in mind that he was captured on video planting the bombs . A jury convicted him on 30 out of 30 counts against him .
Advertisement
In other words , we know he did it . Does he deserve the death penalty ?
Wait , before you answer that , consider Michael Slager . He 's the North Charleston , S.C. , cop who shot Walter Scott in the back as he was fleeing and then allegedly lied about why he did it .
I do n't have to say he allegedly shot Scott because Slager admitted that much . I do have to say that Slager allegedly lied because that 's probably going to be decided in a courtroom . Slager claimed he was in fear for his own safety after Scott stole his Taser . But it 's obvious he lied because the shooting was captured on video . Slager can even be seen apparently moving the Taser to fit his story .
Advertisement
Legally , it 's harder to argue that Slager should get the death penalty if convicted . Not all murders are equal before the law . It 's unclear how much premeditation , if any , there was in this case . Presumably Slager did n't know Scott before he pulled him over for a traffic stop .
Still , I think you could make a case for the death penalty in cases like this .
The analogy that comes to mind is the wartime military . There are capital offenses for crimes other than murder because the integrity and effectiveness of the armed forces is a priority . We are not a martial society , but I could make a similar argument about police officers who murder and lie about it . Faith in the fairness of the justice system is simply indispensable to a democracy and social peace . Lack of such faith may be why Scott ran from Officer Slager . If so , his mistrust was tragically well placed .
There 's neither the time nor the space to rehearse the whole death-penalty debate again . People claim , usually tautologically , that retribution is illegitimate because revenge is illegitimate . Maybe that 's true . But it seems to me that what some people call revenge many others see plainly as justice .
Advertisement
Deterrence is often a distraction . Capital punishment clearly does n't deter every murderer , but does it deter any would-be murder ? It seems obvious it must . Deterrence is a red herring because the function of the death penalty is n't simply to scare a would-be murderer with the corpse of a convicted one ; it is also to inform an entire society about what we take seriously .
Tsarnaev is , literally , a traitorous , child-murdering cop killer . He became a citizen on September 11 , 2012 , and by the spring he was plotting to blow up as many Americans as he could . If we ca n't take that seriously , we ca n't take anything seriously .
Slager awaits trial and is obviously a less cut-and-dried candidate for the death penalty . But killer cops do more than simply commit murder ; they inflict a grievous wound to the integrity of all cops and to the justice system itself .
Advertisement
Slager deserves his day in court . But Tsarnaev had his — and now he deserves death . It is honorable to oppose the death penalty on moral grounds . But it is dishonorable to blow smoke about uncertainty in other cases when there is certainty in this one .
Over the past year , Origen have shown they are a very skilled team . Originally comprised of four veterans and a promising rookie , Origen tore through the Challenger Series . They finished second in the Season 5 Summer LCS Playoffs and made it to the World Championship 's semifinals . Though this is an impressive run , the majority of their opponents were not good enough to take advantage of their major weakness . Origen 's lack of late game understanding manifests itself with an obsession over Baron that has stayed with them since their inception . The most obvious example of this was their loss against Reason Gaming in the Challenger Series playoffs . Their loss came after securing a huge lead because they never tried to force any objective besides Baron .
While Origen patched up a small part of this problem during the LCS Summer Split , the tunnel-vision on Baron is still their go-to strategy . Even against the top teams in EU , only a couple of teams were able to take advantage of this weakness . The advantages of four veterans allowed them to take an insurmountable lead against most opponents and end the game before late game even started . These victories were n't even shining examples of macro play . Instead , they were situations where Origen brute-forced their lead to push down whatever lane they wanted , knowing the enemy could n't challenge them . This style of play means that Origen can only win games if they teamfight well . By contrast , Origen rarely won games from behind . Where teams like SKT would control vision , trade objectives and rotate for picks while behind , Origen would hope they win a teamfight .
This is one of the reasons why Roccat seemed like Origen 's kryptonite during the Summer Split , beating Origen 2-0 in the regular season and almost knocking them out of Regionals . Roccat was a fifth or sixth place team in EU and not a team that Origen should have lost to repeatedly . One win could be as a fluke , but not four . Roccat was one of the only teams ( along with Fnatic ) that could stand up to Origen 's early game , preventing an insurmountable lead . When late game rolled around , they had no idea how to get back into the game since Roccat knew their opponents and did n't let Origen bait them into a bad fight .
Getting to the semifinals at the World Championship is impressive , but Origen 's run consisted of teams that were n't good enough to exploit this weakness . They beat TSM and Flash Wolves , and went against KT Rolster and LGD in the group stage . KT Rolster did n't respect Origen during their first match and fell into the Baron trap . LGD had an incredible nonperformance , even losing to TSM . However , both of these teams fixed their mistakes without much trouble and beat Origen the second time around .
Fast forward to this year and these problems have only gotten slightly better . PowerOfEvil replaced xPeke when he stepped down . While this is an improvement , it has n't done anything to fix the team 's real problems . As new top-tier EU teams are created , Origen 's style of play is becoming easier to exploit as the scene becomes better equipped to fight them . Origen is currently 1-3 after two weeks into this season . Even now , Origen is still bumbling around during the late game . They are no longer guaranteed a massive lead in the beginning of their games , so they need to look at this flaw and re-evaluate their game plan .
Origen needs to solidify a good coaching staff . It 's clear that this is one of their biggest problems . This is why their late game has only slightly improved . Fixing their coaching will also shore up their weaknesses in pick/ban . Even in their first games this season , Origen are giving up advantages in their draft , picking late-game compositions without the waveclear necessary to stall the game to last that long . It 's either that or picking into bad matchups without any bigger plan to show for it . As it stands , Origen is still likely to be a fourth/fifth place team . It keeps them in playoffs , but they should n't be satisfied with that . If Origen wants to go to Worlds again , they must fix these issues .
Images © 2016 Lolesports
Rangers : Set to be renamed The Rangers FC
Rangers prospective owner Charles Green has revealed the newco will be called 'The Rangers Football Club ' , Sky Sports sources can confirm .
The news came as their Company Voluntary Arrangement was formally rejected by the club 's creditors .
Earlier this week Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) said it would not support such a scenario and the final decision was taken at a meeting lasting just nine minutes at Ibrox on Thursday .
The decision means the troubled club will now be liquidated with prospective owner Charles Green hoping to confirm his newco which will be known as 'The Rangers Football Club ' .
Rangers have been in administration since February over an unpaid tax bill of £14m which has now risen to around £18m due to penalties .
Green will now hope to finalise his planned purchase of the club for £5.5m with his main task persuading the SPL to allow The Rangers to play in the top-flight next season .
PFA
There is now concern about the future of Rangers ' current playing staff and whether they will be transferred to the newco .
Professional Footballers ' Association Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart has told Green he needs to start consulting with them .
Wishart has stated his union 's legal opinion is that the players are under no obligation to stay at Ibrox under the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) ( TUPE ) regulations , although Green must continue to employ all staff who wish to keep their jobs , under the same terms .
`` It may well be the case that all of the players wish to transfer across to the newco and if that is the case then PFA Scotland will ensure that their rights are protected , '' he told the Scotsman .
`` The players however are becoming increasingly unhappy at having to operate in an information vacuum whilst their futures are portrayed by others as being a fait accompli with no proper communication and consultation taking place .
`` The players are being asked to decide upon their future with so many uncertainties involved ; unanswered questions such as which division the new club will actually play in , whether there be any sporting sanctions against the club , whether the club is eligible to play in the Scottish Cup and whether there will be a registration embargo . ''
It is high time someone threw the beleaguered FAA a kudos or two . Wait a minute , have the body snatchers finally come for that Egan guy ? !
Nope ! I 've been biding my time , gauging the reaction to the lifting of the near decades-long embargo on commercial drones .
Contrary to public accolades and gratitude being lavished on the FAA regarding Part 107 , there has been grousing about what 's not in the rule . We ca n't fly over 400 ' , at night , deliver Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman DVD box sets or candy bars on a string and my Grandma does n't like COW 's so these guys stink . Reminds me of the Monty Python Life of Brian skit , “ What have the Romans ever done for us ? ! ”
Well , we did n't get an aqueduct , but we did get some clear guidance and a structure that facilitates operating a commercial drone business .
I do n't believe those folks deriding the 107 test and certificate process are in VLOS of the big picture . From what I see and hear , people are still failing to grasp the notion that they are in the commercial aviation business operating in the safest airspace system in the world . That does not mean your laptop , phone or tablet is the RPIC ( Remote Pilot In Command ) , do n't buy into the big AI lie . The definition of Preprogrammed and Artificial Inelegance ( AI ) is a discussion that will be had another day , but for now , you 're primarily in the preprogrammed RPIC camp .
I believe that the Part 107 test questions are relevant and not really what any fair-minded person could call a barrier to entry . On the contrary , I 'd call the process a minimum first step for entry into the National Airspace System ( NAS ) . The points of 107 , aeronautical chart reading , how the pattern works at airports you can fly close to and weather . The only way the FAA could have made this thing any easier would be to put the licenses in boxes of sugary breakfast cereal as prizes .
I 'd offer further advice and say take a test prep class from someone who has experience in both manned and unmanned aviation . You would only stand to benefit learning about the culture of safety that has been built over the last several decades . Not only will it make you more aware of the why these rules exist but may prove beneficial for your commercial enterprise .
What we can do is fly in more areas than we thought we would be allowed . We can fly without a certificated Visual Observer , and in a VLOS envelope that is way beyond and not officially defined lateral distance , all without a second class medical . This revelation affords even the lowly Ag entrepreneur the chance at commercial success .
“ But the FAA ca n't keep up with the pace of innovation from Silicon Valley ! ” From my first-hand experience , I 'm calling hogwash . The Silicon Valley crowd is starting to prove that they 've got a looser grip on reality , virtual or otherwise than previously imagined . What is not part of the conversation is wringing the promise out of what TRL ( Technology Readiness Level ) we currently enjoy . Who can recall the promise of 4G , has it yet been realized ? These facts are n't even a speed bump in the conversation about the technology envisioned for ten plus years in the future .
The punch line , there is a very low order of probability that the Government or even VC folks could hope to keep up with just the relevance pivoting going on with the drone giants . If you are a drone giant with a boatload of money and talent to match , show the world . Best equipped best served should be less of a platitude and more of a goal . Conceptual efforts are fun but show us something substantial and if you want to impress , certifiable .
Sure , it has taken a long time and no the process has n't been perfect . However , the FAA has given us clear guidelines to work within and also set up a website to apply for Certificates of Waivers as well as authorization to fly in controlled airspace . Being King of the sceptics I was concerned that we may be subject to fits and starts but by-in-larger and to their credit the FAA was able to pull it all off in a timely manner and without major hiccups . At this point , the olive branch is extended and I am offering an apology to the Administrator ( and staff ) for doubting his commitment to sUAS NAS integration .
Have fun and fly safe droners !
WASHINGTON -- Among the 14.8 million Americans looking for work , the men and women married to military personnel face barriers others do n't .
Military families move on average every 2.9 years , making it hard to pursue a single career or accumulate the experience employers want . Labor markets near sprawling bases like Fort Hood , Tex . or Fort Benning , Ga. are often saturated with overqualified military spouses eager for work . Many times , the certification or license required for skilled professions like nurses or teachers are state specific , adding another bureaucratic hurdle to overcome with every move .
Of course , many military spouses -- mostly women -- run their households singlehandedly while their partners are deployed or away on long training missions . And many wives are expected to volunteer long hours running the military 's family readiness groups , which provide communications and support to families , while their husbands ' unit are deployed .
Small wonder military spouses are having a difficult time finding work . The most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , from November 2009 , shows 8.4 percent of military wives were seeking jobs and could n't find one , compared to 5.3 percent of women in civilian families .
`` It is difficult -- you are constantly moving so having a career is extremely hard , '' said Kristy Kaufmann , whose husband is an Army officer . `` Sometimes you can get a job waitressing or at the post exchange , but for people who want more of a career , that can be challenging . ''
For enlisted troops , the pressure on spouses to find work can be intense . `` They do n't get paid a lot of money , so you really have to have a dual income family , '' said Kaufmann , who consults with the Defense Department on spouse employment issues .
To make matters worse , when a military spouse loses her job because her partner is transferred , at least 14 states -- including states with military bases , such as Idaho , Missouri and Louisiana -- do n't provide unemployment insurance because such transfers are seen as `` voluntary . ''
Tianne Travis had a job she loved , working at a bank while her husband was stationed at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida . But she was thrown out of work when he was reassigned to Andrews AFB in Washington . `` That 's the way the military is , '' she said . `` I resigned and came to Maryland and was really searching . '' Although the Pentagon and Labor Department offer help ,
she and others have found the process to access the right kind of help to bewilder .
Applying for a federal job , for instance , can be tricky . Even though military family members often get precedence for federal jobs , Travis did n't know all the inside tricks to getting a job . `` Your resume has to have all the right key words in it for someone to even look at it , '' she discovered . `` I had to pull that information on my own . ''
But those who 've been in the military community for a while have seen big improvement in the job picture for military spouses . `` When I came into the military 23 years ago , the big question was whether military spouses should work . You had to convince people you could be successful in your own right and still be supportive of your military spouse 's career , '' said Pamela McBride , the wife of an Army officer and a successful businesswoman , job counselor and author of books on successful career-building .
Since that time , when job opportunities and career assistance was `` very limited , '' there has been `` an explosion of assistance and training '' for job-hunting military spouses , she said . But success depends as well on personal drive and determination , and she advises military spouses to `` take a deep breath , '' look around and define your goals .
Leyton Orient says it is applying to move to the Olympic Stadium - after the deal handing it to West Ham collapsed .
The Olympic Park Legacy Company ( OPLC ) cancelled the original deal , blaming delays caused by a legal dispute with Tottenham Hotspur .
Spurs had launched a bid for a judicial review into the decision after its own campaign to move to the venue was overlooked in favour of the Hammers .
But Orient said it would only move if the athletics track was covered .
The club 's chairman , Barry Hearn , said : `` We want to see if we can get around the athletics track .
`` It has to stay , we know that .
London 2012 - Begin your journey here London 2012 : Latest Olympic news , sport , features and programmes from the BBC
`` But can we build up , not down , and see if it 's possible to get it covered while we play ? ''
West Ham has already said it still hopes to move into the stadium after the games .
Tottenham Hotspur is negotiating with the Mayor of London for public money to help it develop a new ground in Tottenham .
On Monday the club withdrew its bid for a judicial review into the handing of the Olympic Stadium to West Ham , according to a government spokeswoman .
Here it is the return of @ ChrisLytleLO and we happy he picked us expect fireworks in this # bkb @ MMAfightfans @ AlexReid @ Iamzulubaz pic.twitter.com/TAVIIaPTpH
Former Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) welterweight slugger , Chris Lytle , had the perfect ending to his mixed martial arts ( MMA ) career . Not only did he strangle Dan Hardy in his retirement fight , he got to celebrate his achievements in combat sports inside the Octagon with his family by his side .
Relive the moment here .
Now , more than six years later , the 43-year-old firefighter and part-time political activist is coming back to the face-punching business , taking on Lewis Gallant at Bare Knuckle Boxing 9 on Jan. 13 , 2018 inside O2 Arena in London , England .
I guess he got tired of waiting for this phone call .
Lytle ( 31-18-5 ) , always ranked in or around the top 10 , was best known for being impossible to finish and fought just about every big name at 170 pounds , including Robbie Lawler , Nick Diaz , Matt Brown , and Josh Koscheck , just to name a few .
No stranger to “ Fight of the Night ” bonuses , the striker known as “ Lights Out ” was last seen tearing the house down for Submission Underground when he went to war with grappling ace Jake Shields .
Even at this age , Gallant is going to have his work cut out for him .
Virginia Tech 's Frank Beamer has 273 career victories , the most of any active FBS coach . The Hokies play at Purdue on Sept. 19 ( Photo : Greg Bartram/USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights Virginia Tech and Purdue meet Sept. 19 at Ross-Ade Stadium
Known for exceptional special teams play , the Hokies have blocked 134 kicks under Beamer
Beamer guided the Hokies to eight straight 10-win seasons
Virginia Tech has made 22 consecutive bowl appearances
As Frank Beamer works to bring Virginia Tech 's program back to the standard he established , the 68-year old brought a trusted companion to last week 's ACC media days in North Carolina .
A lunch pail .
This is the symbol of Beamer and his program . Blue-collar approach , no shortcuts , hard work and understanding the ingredients to become successful . Those traits define Beamer , the Hokies and their passionate fan base .
The mindset is one reason why the Hokies won 10 or more games in eight consecutive seasons , thrusting the program into the national spotlight . From 2004 through 2011 , Virginia Tech was an impressive 84-24 and appeared in five BCS bowl games .
The lunch pail tradition started in 1995 when co-defensive coordinators Rod Sharpless and Bud Foster brought it back from New Jersey . It belonged to a coal miner .
`` It goes everywhere with our defense . We take it to practice , we take it to games . It 's a symbol that 's very serious around here and says what our program is all about . That 's the only way we want to do it , '' Beamer said . `` It looks like it 's been run over by a truck a couple of times . It still serves its purpose . ''
Beamer brings Virginia Tech to West Lafayette on Sept. 19 to face the Boilermakers . Ross-Ade Stadium has hosted several of the game 's legendary coaches , and Beamer is the latest . This is a one-time event for Purdue fans to see Beamer 's program up close . His contract runs through the 2018 season .
He 's an icon in the sport and an easy selection to the College Football Hall of Fame when it 's time to retire . His health is improving after throat surgery in December forced Beamer to turn last year 's bowl preparations over to his experienced coaching staff . Beamer watched from the press box as the Hokies won the Military Bowl .
Although Beamer is set to begin his 29th season at Virginia Tech , he 's not immune to the pressures . The Hokies are just 22-17 the last three years , a dip that has made the fan base uneasy . The core values remain – strong defense and exceptional special teams – but Beamer knows he set his own bar for the program with 10-win seasons and major bowl games .
What was more than good enough when Beamer returned to his alma mater in 1987 is no longer acceptable , even for the winningest active coach in FBS and 22 consecutive bowl appearances .
In this Q & A with the Journal and Courier , Beamer discusses the pressures , why he 's made special teams a priority , how he dealt with the shooting on Virginia Tech 's campus in 2007 and the highly anticipated opener against Ohio State .
Question : It appeared the underlying theme from ACC media day is that you 're under pressure to restore the program to those 10-win seasons . Do you still feel that after so many years as the program 's head coach ?
Answer : Any of us are naive to think everything is as solid as it can be . This is such a 'what happens lately ' profession . What used to be what we strived for when I was first came here was to go to a bowl and have a winning season . To go to any bowl was a highlight moment . Now , if we do n't go to certain bowls , that 's a problem and certainly just a winning season is not a 10-win season . What used to be OK is not OK and that 's all right . You want your expectations high and your fans thinking big things . I understand that . There 's a sense of urgency to get back to where we were . We went eight straight years with at least 10 wins a year . We need to get back to that type of success . I know the fans want it and our players want it .
Q : Before you had throat surgery , was there any consideration to step away from coaching and take care of your health or did it ever come to that point ?
A : I did n't consider it serious enough at the time . I was in the press box for the bowl game but my son ( Shane , associate head coach ) took over and they did a great job . I 've got a staff that has been around me for a while . My only concern is that things go so well they realize they did n't need me . I enjoy what I 'm doing . I 've got good people here , I 've got good players and not only from a talent standpoint but from a character standpoint . I really like my players and I like my coaching staff . The administration has been great to me and we just finished up three days of going to the major cities in Virginia and having Hokie club meetings and they 're enthusiastic . As long as I can enjoy it and look forward to the season and my health is good , I want to keep doing it as long as they 'll have me .
Q : How many times have you faced a decision , whether it was football related or personal , on which direction to take your life ?
A : A few years ago I had a decision to make about whether I should leave here or not . When it came down to it I always had a tough time leaving Virginia Tech . I played here . I grew up an hour from here . I grew up watching Virginia Tech football and basketball . To pull the plug and leave , I could never do it .
Q : What schools were you considering ?
A : It 's pretty knowledgeable that we talked to North Carolina ( 2000 ) . North Carolina is the one that got the furthest along .
Q : When did special teams become such an emphasis for your program ?
A : I 've always been a kicking guy , even in college . Jerry Claiborne ( Virginia Tech head coach 1961-70 ) probably put more emphasis on kicking than most coaches . Mike Gottfried , who I coached with at Murray State , always said 'Let 's take care of the kicking game . ' It 's been important to all the coaches I 've been around . When I became a head coach , it became obvious – it 's the quickest way to win a football game or lose a football game . Most plays involved are big plays or momentum plays and there are points involved a lot of the times . Momentum is the name of the game and that 's a great way to get momentum is to be good in the kicking game . That 's been our philosophy around here .
Q : Is there anything better than a blocked field goal or a blocked kick ?
A : I have n't seen anything lately ( laughing ) . That 's about the only thing I know .
Q : In the aftermath of the Virginia Tech campus shooting , you took on a leadership role . Why did you want to be that type of leader on campus ?
A : I used to walk around campus about every day . I was walking around soon after that and there was a girl over in front of one of the academic buildings on the bench and she had her head down . I walked over to her and asked , 'Do you need some help or do you want to talk ' ? She said she was OK , but I think people just needed to see somebody . They needed to know that this is terrible but things are going to work out and we 'll come out of this and we 'll be tighter than ever . We 'll care about each other more than ever and we 'll be strong together . We 're not going to let one guy define who Virginia Tech is . I felt getting out and seeing them and being there and if somebody needs to talk , at least they 're seeing somebody that they know with the idea that things are going to be OK. We ca n't just all hang our heads . We 're going to come out of this thing .
Q : Will you still be the coach when Purdue visits Virginia Tech in 2023 ?
A : When you get to where I am , you wished they put the home game first ( laughing ) . But I 've always enjoyed playing quality opponents and people that if you can beat them , it 's really something and the fans will like that too . A lot of people play guys they know they can beat and I think you find out more about your team when you play someone that you 've got to grind , you 've got to play well to beat them . Your football team becomes better . We 've had that philosophy here for a while .
Q : Speaking of quality opponents , you open at home against Ohio State . I do n't know if it 's the biggest game you 've had at home but is it the biggest opener you 've had at Lane Stadium ?
A : I would say it 's the most anticipated game ever . How many times do you have the No . 1 team in the country coming into your place to open the season on a Monday night and it 's probably the only game in the country ? They are , by far , the No . 1 team in the country . Everyone around says they 're the No.1 team . You know you 've got talent if you start moving your quarterbacks to wide receiver . They 've got it everywhere . Look at the defense , look at the running backs . They 've done a great job recruiting and they certainly deserve the No . 1 ranking .
Q : Since you 're an avid golfer , at what point do you see yourself shooting your age ?
A : That 's a good question . If I move up the tees far enough , I believe I can do it . I can keep the ball in play . I do n't hit it super far anymore but I can keep the ball in play . I 'm not bad around the greens and I can putt a little bit . If I get up to the right tees , I think I might have a shot .
Frank Beamer file
Born : October 18 , 1946 , Mt . Airy , North Carolina
Hometown : Hillsville , Virginia
Wife : former Cheryl Oakley
Children : Shane , Casey
Education
High School : Hillsville ( 1965 )
College : Virginia Tech ( 1969 )
Playing Experience
Virginia Tech ( 1966-68 )
Coaching Experience
1972 : Maryland ( graduate assistant )
1973-76 : The Citadel ( assistant coach )
1977-78 : The Citadel ( defensive coordinator )
1979-80 : Murray State ( defensive coordinator )
1981-86 : Murray State ( head coach )
1987-present : Virginia Tech ( head coach )
By the numbers
7 : Conference championships
13 : Seasons with 10 or more victories
41 : Wins vs. AP top 25 teams since 1995
85 : Special teams touchdowns scored
106 : Victories since 2004
134 : Blocked kicks – 66 punts , 40 field goals , 28 field goals
273 : Career victories – most of any active FBS coach
327 : Interceptions forced
.820 : Home winning percentage ( 105-23 ) since 1995
Laura Loomer Refuses to Go on ‘ Very # FakeNews ' CNN After Parent Company Funds Trump Assassination Play
The New York Times and CNN 's parent company Time Warner are standing by their sponsorship of the Julius Caesar Trump Assassination play in Central Park .
The play depicts the brutal assassination of President Donald Trump , raising the question of whether the news reporting outlets should retain their credentials to cover and have access to President Trump . Delta Air Lines and Bank of America have reportedly dropped their support for the play in the wake of public outrage over the play 's depiction of Trump 's assassination .
On Friday night conservative investigative reporter and activist Laura Loomer stormed the Central Park stage and condemned violence against conservatives , including threats against President Trump .
The leftist crowd booed Laura — they wanted to see President Trump knifed .
The actors approached Laura with knives in hand .
On Saturday “ Very Fake News ” CNN had the nerve to contact Laura Loomer for an interview .
. @ CNN wants to interview me . But why have n't they and their parent company @ twxcorp stopped funding Julius Caesar ? Do they support violence ? https : //t.co/uFYUGsm7Ab — Laura Loomer ( @ LauraLoomer ) June 17 , 2017
Laura Loomer told them to denounce the snuff play on Trump first .
News of the upcoming YW3 third version , Yo-kai Watch 3 Sukiyaki was recently leaked from an upcoming CoroCoro Comics insert ! There are sure to be even more details when the issue releases in a couple of days , but for now let 's take a look .
New Busters T Mystery Legend Yo-kai !
☆ ニャステト ( Nyastet ) – Usurakage/Shady tribe , cat yo-kai based on the Egyptian god Bastet .
☆ スラビス ( Zurabis ) – Bukimi/Eerie tribe , dog yo-kai based on the Egyptian god Anubis .
☆ パンドラ ( Pandora ) – Pretty/Charming tribe yo-kai based on Pandora from Greek mythology .
☆ マジンカーメン ( Majinkhamun ) – Fushigi/Mysterious tribe yo-kai based on the death mask of Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun and the robot Mazinger Z .
☆ リアクション大魔王 ( Reaction Daimaou ) – PokaPoka/Heartful tribe yo-kai based on a genie , and a pun probably related to an old cartoon character called ハクション大魔王 .
☆ ゴーキングデッド ( Go-king Dead ) – Goketsu/Tough tribe zombie king yo-kai , his name pun is based on the tv show the Walking Dead .
☆ スピーチ姫 ( Speech-hime ) – Pretty/Charming tribe yo-kai , she looks like Netaballerina , but with an 80 's magical girl / princess vibe .
☆ トリベア ( Trivea ) – Usurakage/Shady tribe yo-kai , he looks like Unchikuma… and his name seems to be a pun on the words Trivia , Tori ( bird ) , and Bear , he 's dressed a bit like a greek or roman philosopher .
☆ 自慢ハッタン ( Jiman Hattan ) – Nyororon/Slippery tribe yo-kai , he looks like Yamatan .
☆ ジェントル面犬 ( Gentlemenken ) – Bukimi/Eerie tribe yo-kai , he looks like Ikemenken .
New & Sukiyaki Exclusive Yo-kai
☆ ガランドゥ ( Garandu ) – Goketsu/Tough tribe yo-kai , he makes things feel empty inside .
☆ ヨドム ( Yodom ) – Usurakage/Shady tribe yo-kai , he spews a gloomy aura from the hole in his head .
☆ ひとりよがり ( Hitoriyogari ) – Fushigi/Mysterious tribe yo-kai , self-satisfied yo-kai who does yoga .
☆ デパミ ( Depami ) – Pretty/Charming tribe yo-kai , a girly yo-kai that longs to see the big city .
☆ さきのばし ( Sakinobashi ) – Bukimi/Eerie tribe yo-kai , he procrastinates and never does anything .
☆ 一旦ソーリー ( Ittan Sorry ) – Usurakage/Shady , he looks like Ittan Gomen , he says “ I 'm sorry ” no matter what he does .
☆ メカオロチ ( Mecha-Orochi ) – Goketsu/Tough tribe yo-kai , robot Orochi !
☆ メカキュウビ ( Mecha-Kyubi ) – Goketsu/Tough tribe yo-kai , robot Kyubi !
☆ モルラ ( Morula ) – PokaPoka/Heartful tribe yo-kai , a butterfly or moth .
☆ サニーレタスさん ( Sunny Lettuce-san ) – PokaPoka/Heartful tribe yo-kai , a piece of lettuce who loves aerobics .
☆ ゴージャッス大使 ( Gorgeous Taishi ) – Usurakage/Shady tribe yo-kai , the ambassador of gorgeous , he makes everything gorgeous .
☆ しらんプリン ( Shiranpudding ) – Pretty/Charming tribe yo-kai , a self centered yo-kai who pretends not to notice anything .
☆ 夜行 ( Yakou ) – Usurakage/Shady tribe yo-kai , an S rank that goes out at night .
☆ ウォール・ガイ ( Wall Guy ) – Goketsu/Tough tribe yo-kai , he moves among the elite businessmen of Wall Street in the US , a pun on ウォール街 .
Version Linking Exclusives
☆ ぬらり神 ( Nurarishin ) – by linking Sushi and Tempura
☆ 覚醒エンマ ( Kakusei Enma ) – by linking all 3 version ; Sushi , Tempura , and Sukiyaki
☆ 先代閻魔大王 ( Sendai Enma Daioh ) – by linking Sushi and Sukiyaki
☆ 覚醒日ノ神 ( Kakusei Hinoshin ) – by linking Tempura and Sukiyaki
☆ ウィスパー孔明 ( Whisper Kongming ) , フユニャン曹操 ( Fuyunyan Cao Cao ) , & 黒鬼呂布 ( Kuro Oni Lu Bu ) – by linking Sukiyaki and Yo-kai Sangokushi
There also appears to be a “ movie linking event ” which will allow you to choose a new portrait display mode in Sukiyaki version .
New Yo-kai Watch Busters T Mode
Also new is the new Yo-kai Watch Busters T ( Treasure ) which is similar to the Yo-kai Watch Busters battle action play style we 've all come to know and love , with a new hidden treasure finding aspect . You 'll meet the Indiana Jones inspired T Jibanyan and T Komasan . You 'll face off against many new bosses in Yo-kai Watch 3 and some of the treasures you 'll find will allow you to rank up your lower level yo-kai .
You will be able to add Busters T mode to your Sushi and Tempura versions games via a large game update on December 15th . There will also be a special Sushi/Tempura Busters T Pack… which contains both original versions of the game and download codes to unlock T Jibanyan and T Komasan… so if you have n't yet bought and played Yo-kai Watch 3 , this special pack maybe just the thing for you !
I knew he would be back . After Exes 2 it was reported that Jordan would be retiring from the Challenges in order to pursue his acting and modelling career . Many thought Jordan would n't come back , which did not make sense to me at all . Jordan loves competition , he loves to prove that he is better than people , and he wants people to stroke his ego . That 's Jordan , and we love him for it . He 's the guy who made it to the final during his rookie season , where they ( he and Marlon ) were the only male rookies there , he flipped all the kill cards in Free Agents , and won his 3rd Challenge . Jordan is one of my favorite Challenge competitors .
One of the interesting things about Jordan from his Real World season was that he was totally unlikable . In the beginning , it felt amazing that he was such an accomplished athlete who overcame a lot despite his hand , then you realized he was kind of an asshole who was super into himself . He got into spats with Marlon , Reilly , and especially Jessica early on . As the show went on , and Nia became the villain of the show . When it came to the Challenge Rivals 2 , that 's where Jordan turned around everyone 's opinion of him , or at least we got to see a better side .
In a Real World house , the only form of competition you have is for camera time . Jordan turned it up there . In the Challenge house , it is a literal competition where he could channel his focus on the game . People were excited for Marlon on the Challenge as he was an excellent Division 1 college football player . Then we found out that the guy with one hand was actually a better athlete , in better shape , and often carried their team a little more . They were an excellent duo , one of the five best male pairings in Challenge history . He also hooked up with two girls on that season : Sarah Rice and Jonna Mannion . Each beautiful creatures .
He puffed his chest up during Free Agents , created a relationship with Laurel Stucky , the most dominant female competitor in Challenge history . Jordan 's desire to not only take the throne , but to deface Johnny Bananas as the King of the Challenge was his aim .
He ended up head down and out of the game in 8th place . When we saw him again on Exes 2 , he was paired up with Sarah Rice . Sarah told him to shut up , let her play the politics , and let him dominate everything physical . They had their ups and downs , ended up winning 3 daily missions , winning a clutch elimination , and walked out with Viking hats , victoriously .
It will be fun to see Jordan back in action . We got a glimpse of him on Champs vs Pros . He did fine , never got to show off in anything super physical . Based on his social media , he is in better shape than ever , and will translate right back to the same competitive and dominate Jordan .
Here is a video of the Tyler Perry show he was in .
Now here 's a review of Jordan as a competitor , as well as his social media handles :
Skills & Physical Strength : He is around 5'10–6 ' . Jordan has always looked a bit smaller , and that 's partially due to his super trim figure . His body fat content is so much lower than the average Challenge competitor . Jordan has an impressive athletic background . He won a national championship for Cheerleading , Wake-boarding , was getting looked at by professional baseball scouts until he had Tommy John surgery , and was a walk-on quarterback at Central Oklahoma for a bit . In my opinion , along with Wes , Jordan is the most “ skilled ” athlete in Challenge history . He has footwork , technique , and agility down . CT and Darrell are powerhouses , Landon is an extreme sports athlete , while these guys will out-sport you in the most intelligent ways .
He sometimes has troubles lifting large amounts of weight due to his inability to get solid two-hand grips , leading to major stress on one hand . Overall he 's still proven to make up for it when it matters . The biggest thing currently holding him back is his mustache .
Social & Mental Game : Jordan often gets in the way of Jordan . During Exes 2 , he could not accept to play Wes 's game leading to a disconnect between the two before the final daily mission , except he got saved by the Exile twist that brought Bananas back into the game . Without that twist , Jordan maybe ends their team 's game there .
Going into this season , Jordan is a veteran and a champion , he will have respect in this game . The crazy thing is that he 's only done an official Challenge season with Bananas , CT , and LeRoy on the guys side . All men who have screamed in his face and made fun of him before .
Compared to many of the male competitors who rely on females to do all their puzzles , Jordan is able to do them himself , and is referred to by most of his cast-mates as quite intelligent .
Eliminations : He 's not looked at as an elimination king , especially considering his most infamous moment was falling down the wall against Johnny Bananas in Free Agents . However , Jordan holds a career 4–1 elimination record , and has taken out elite competitors in LeRoy and Zach in the past . His spin move while pulled down to the ground by LeRoy in the Hall Pass game from Rivals 2 to open the window of victory was stunning . That was the best elimination every in terms of excitement and thrill factor ever .
In the same Wes type mold , Jordan is crafty and able to come up with good strategies on the spot .
Final Potential & Endurance : In his first final , Marlon 's swimming ability put them in 3rd and kept them from competing on day two . Had they all ran the final together , I think they finish second to CT/Wes . When he ran his second final , he absolutely destroyed it . Sarah had her struggles , while he kept pushing , never was out of gas , and was victorious .
Swimming , puzzles , strength , endurance , and heart , all things that Jordan has . He is the perfect guy to run an individual final . If he 's there for the final , no chance he gets 3rd , 1st or 2nd for him .
Final Score : 95/100
A cop killed a man after he turned down his help .
Officer David Gerlach spotted two men , Ronald Carden and Nicholas Thomas , with a flat tire and stopped to assist them with changing it . The men refused . They would never have done so if they had known the tragic end of the encounter .
As the cop began to leave , he decided to run the men license plates and returned to their vehicle . By the way , it was illegal to do so since they committed no crime . Carden was instructed to “ come back here for a second ” , to which he complied . However , the officer turned physical and began placing his hands on him . Carden tried to back up when Gerlach grabbed him by the shirt . Apparently , Carden feared for his safety and punched Gerlach , then ran .
Video does n't show the rest of the struggle between the men and the officer , but we can hear that Gerlach deployed his Taser on Carden after which five shots heard , all fired off camera .
Thomas who watched the entire incident raised his hands and got on the ground when ordered by Gerlach . Carden needed medical attention immediately after was shot but was ignored and left to die .
ISLAMABAD : The Council of Islamic Ideology ( CII ) concluded its 191th meeting , here Tuesday with the ruling that the laws related to minimum age of marriage were un-Islamic and that children of any age could get married if they attain puberty .
At the conclusion of two day meeting , Chairman CII Maulana Muhammad Khan Sheerani noted that the laws related to marriage too were unfair and there can not be any age of marriage .
However , he explained that there were two segments of marriage – nikah and ruksati , while nikah could be performed at any age .
“ Even the minors can have nikah but that has to be executed by the guardians , ” chairman CII said adding , “ But ruksti could be executed only after attaining the age of puberty . ”
He said that the age of puberty varies from individuals to individuals and it was the responsibility of guardians to have ruksati soon the child attains the age of puberty .
“ The laws limiting the age for both the segments of marriage are unIslamic and needed to be rectified , ” he added .
Officials told Dawn that the council members discussed various historic references related to marriage and concluded that each girl has different age of reaching puberty .
The officials were asked if the international conventions signed by Pakistan related to child marriage would be violated after this ruling by CII .
Responding to the query the official said that the international conventions can not be in contradiction to the constitution of the country or Islam and if they were , those particular clauses would not apply on Pakistan .
The CII meeting also suggested to the government that ‘ nikah ' registrars should have a certain level of qualification .
“ Not everyone should be allowed to become a Nikah Registrar , ” Maulana Sheerani demanded the government , “ While the fee for registration of Nikahnama should also be abolished . ”
The CII had on earlier day suggested the government to change Muslim marriage laws as it required Muslim male to seek permission from the previous wife or wives for another marriage .
Meanwhile , the Pakistan Peoples Party 's ( PPP ) human rights cell has expressed concern over the CII rulings .
“ Why is Council concerned with men 's four marriages and why have they done nothing to ensure that women get their property as enshrined in Islamic Law ? Or why have they failed to stop practices such as vani , swara and karo kari ? Or stop rape , and acid crimes against women ? ” asked Dr Nafisa Shah , coordinator PPP 's human rights cell .
“ Unfortunately Islam has been misinterpreted over a period of time by a mindset and a particular school of thought . Islam and modernism are compatible provided progressive scholars interpret the religion , ” she added .
The PPP human rights cell has called upon the government to include progressive Islamic scholars in the council so that women 's rights and the rights of all are protected .
Expecting some state legislators to try again next year to legalize marijuana for medical uses , Dakota County Attorney James Backstrom has reaffirmed his position against it .
Backstrom , joined by Dakota County Sheriff Dave Bellows , held a forum and a news conference in West St. Paul Nov. 20 to oppose the legalization of marijuana for medical use as a danger to public health and safety .
`` Minnesota law enforcement officers and prosecutors have significant empathy for anyone suffering the ill effects of the serious medical diseases and conditions that 'medical ' marijuana legislation is claimed to be needed for , but we also experience on a daily basis the pain and suffering that is directly and indirectly attributable to the illegal cultivation , distribution and possession of marijuana , '' Backstrom said .
`` The simple fact of the matter is that marijuana is not a medicine , '' Backstrom said . `` Rather , it is an addictive drug that is the most widely abused controlled substance in our state and nation . In every state where legislation of this nature has been adopted , serious problems have occurred . It would be a serious mistake for Minnesota to not learn from these problems and adopt legislation allowing marijuana to be used for medicinal purposes . ''
Among other things , Colorado has reported a significant increase in impaired driver-related deaths since legalizing marijuana for medical use , Backstrom said .
In Dakota County , marijuana leads to other crime , Backstrom said . `` Marijuana is the cash crop for a lot of the gangs that deal in drugs . ''
Legislators approved the legalization of medical marijuana in 2009 and it was vetoed by then Gov . Tim Pawlenty .
At the legislative session last year , about 40 legislators in both parties , including more than a dozen committee chairmen , worked to add Minnesota to the list of 18 states where it can be prescribed for medical purposes .
Proposed legislation would allow doctors to prescribe up to 2.5 ounces of marijuana for patients suffering from debilitating medical conditions .
Gov . Mark Dayton has opposed medical marijuana because law enforcement officials oppose it . If it were passed again , he would be in a position to veto the legislation .
Backstrom said the experience in other states that have already legalized marijuana for medical use demonstrates that `` the vast majority of users of 'medical ' marijuana will not be using it to treat the complications of serious medical conditions like cancer , glaucoma or MS , but rather to treat pain . Experience in other states also tells us that despite good intentions , 'medical ' marijuana will end up in the hands of persons not needing it for medical reasons , including our state 's youth . ''
Marijuana is a dangerous drug that is associated with violent crime and impairs driving , Backstrom said . `` It is far more powerful today than it was 30 years ago , and it serves as a gateway to the use of other illegal drugs . ''
The American Medical Association opposes legalization of marijuana for medical use . There are other ways , such as inhalers or patches , to deliver the active ingredient in marijuana in a form that is controlled for medical use , Backstrom said .
`` If we call this illegal and dangerous drug a 'medicine ' ... this will clearly enhance the perception of harmlessness of this substance , and this in turn will result in increased use of marijuana illegally by other persons , including youth .
`` For all of these reasons and more , '' he said , `` the Minnesota Chiefs of Police Association , the Minnesota Sheriffs ' Association , the Minnesota County Attorneys Association , the Minnesota Police and Peace Officers Association , and the Minnesota State Association of Narcotics Investigators all strongly oppose the adoption of a law in Minnesota which would authorize the use of marijuana for medical purposes . ''
Is the greatest mind of the last 30 years now a nut job ? Worse , did it happen because he read my book , White Girl Bleed a Lot : The Return of Racial Violence to America and How the Media Ignore it ?
That is what I thought immediately after reading Thomas Sowell�s the latest column . Sowell said we are in the midst of a race war . He cited White Girl Bleed a Lot as proof positive of an epidemic of unacknowledged racial violence across the country : more than 500 examples in more than 100 cities . All documented . Many on video .
The first time Sowell wrote about White Girl Bleed a Lot , he said he had no idea black mob violence was so widespread until he read my book . That was a year ago . Today , I say I had no idea how bad it was when Sowell said that .
In his second column a week ago about White Girl Bleed a Lot , Sowell said : �Initial skirmishes in that race war have already begun , and have in fact been going on for some years . But public officials pretend that it is not happening , and the mainstream media seldom publish it at all , except in ways that conceal what is really taking place.�
�Some of these many attacks are covered in detail in a book titled �White Girl Bleed A Lot� by Colin Flaherty.�
The next day former congressman Allen West chimed in with accolades .
Which is kind of like Tiger Woods and Phil Michelson thanking you for the golf tips .
I�ve been reading Sowell�s books and columns with great admiration as long as he�s been writing them .
But race wars ? That seemed a like a stretch .
Then I picked up the Fox New story about the new army training manual , steeped in Critical Race Theory . For those without the benefit of a recent liberal arts training , Critical Race Theory says two things : White racism is everywhere . White racism is permanent .
The new army manual takes that to its logical conclusion :
�Simply put , a healthy , white , heterosexual , Christian male receives many unearned advantages of social privilege , whereas a black , homosexual , atheist female in poor health receives many unearned disadvantages of social privilege , � reads a statement in the manual created by the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute ( DEOMI ) .
�The manual also instructs troops to �support the leadership of people of color.�
Critical Race Theory is also taught in hundreds of school districts around the country .
Less popular � but complementary � is Routine Activities Theory � R.A.T. , on full display in a Chicago courtroom earlier this year .
Chicago police arrested a young white woman and , 24 hours later , released her into the heart of the ghetto . A black neighborhood . A Harvard professor testified that any white person in a black neighborhood can routinely expect to be the victim of violence . As was the young lady when a black mob assaulted her and she was pushed � or jumped � out of a seven story window .
The judge cited R.A.T . when he awarded her family $ 22.5 million dollars .
R.A.T . says expect violence . Critical Race Theory says racial violence is justified . Either way , white people are victims .
Just ask Wayne Bennett , a family court judge in Philadelphia . Bennett writes one of most highly-acclaimed black blogs in America , The Field Negro .
In a recent column about White Girl Bleed a Lot , Bennett had no use for Sowell the race-traitor . Neither does Bennett deny the racial violence , he explains it : �No matter how violent some young black punks act and wild out towards groups of white people -- or a single white individual , it will never make up for all the violence that was practiced against people of color throughout this nation�s history.�
Did I say explaining ? My bad : That�s condoning .
There�s not much question whether a race war is raging . Only whether it ended before a lot of people knew it even began .
As for Doctor Sowell losing his marbles , his many , many fans do not have to worry about that .
My bad .
Colin Flaherty , Wilmington , Del. , is a reporter and author of �White Girl Bleed a Lot : The return of racial violence and how the media ignore it.�
Posted October 19 , 2016 at 2:39 am
- Tedd after observing his own spell
- `` 'See ' magic ''
Seriously , I 'm so happy about Question Mark also being in the story section now . It means most of the recap of Sarah 's spell can be just showing it in action instead of `` this is how it works blah blah blah blah blah '' .
Granted , Tedd 's still undoubtedly going to give his assessment of the spell , but that 'll just be one `` blah '' instead of five .
When the spell was first shown , I had not considered varying the borders to make a clear distinction between the simulation and reality . For one thing , it simply had n't occurred to me . For another , it would n't have worked with how that all played out .
Now , however , it seems like a really good idea to have some way to have some sort of distinction , and I 've chosen rounded white borders . Granted , sometimes it wo n't be obvious that the borders are rounded , and sometimes I do n't have borders on panels for other reasons , but what matters is that it should help make things clearer when contextually relevant .
- EGS : NP
Threatening to oppose his own government 's plan : Senator Ian Macdonald . Credit : Andrew Meares `` Most parliamentarians , well those on this side , would have done infinitely better financially staying in their legal practice , staying in their business , staying in their veterinary practice , staying in their jobs they had before . '' Senator Macdonald - who is paid a salary of $ 200,000 a year as a backbencher - was one of two Coalition MPs who used a party room meeting this week to speak against Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull 's entitlements crackdown . He was particularly incensed at news the Life Gold Pass - which he would have been eligible to access - would be axed . `` I will be moving amendments to the Life Gold Pass bill . You 're welcome to listen to that and hear my arguments in full at that time , '' he confirmed to Fairfax Media later . He would not detail the amendments nor say what he would do if they failed .
Caught in an expenses scandal , Sussan Ley was forced to stand down . Credit : Mark Jesser The new bill to abolish the Life Gold Pass was introduced into the lower house on Thursday . Earlier , Mr Turnbull personally introduced a bill to establish a new entitlements watchdog that will oversee and report on MPs ' expenses . It will begin operating on July 1 . `` This is the first step in the biggest reforms to the management of parliamentary expenses in more than a generation , '' Mr Turnbull said . Senator Ian Macdonald . Credit : Alex Ellinghausen He announced the new authority in January following the scandal that led to the resignation of former health minister Sussan Ley . Mr Turnbull says it will improve transparency and ensure politicians are held accountable for their use of taxpayer money .
Senator Macdonald said he would also move amendments to the authority bill , seeking to strengthen the watchdog so it could also capture public servants . Illustration : Cathy Wilcox `` Most of them who have infinitely more power and spending capability than anyone in this Parliament House , '' he said . `` It 's time to widen the net . '' Senator Macdonald said he would still support that bill if his amendments failed . Former Queensland LNP MP Ewen Jones said it was not a good look for Senator Macdonald to be defending politicians ' entitlements .
`` It 's about complete and utter self interest , '' Mr Jones said . `` No one can expect their workplace entitlements to remain the same forever . It 's Ian 's right to make his point but no politician will ever win in any argument about their wages and conditions . '' The Coalition first promised to scrap the Life Gold Pass nearly three years ago but the plan was put on the backburner . Late last year , the government drew fire for saying it was too busy to follow through on its pledge – even though the legislation would sail through Parliament with Labor , Greens and crossbench support . The Life Gold Pass once offered former MPs unlimited travel at taxpayers ' expense . Changes in 2002 limited that to 25 return flights a year and further changes in 2012 limited it to 10 return flights . The Gillard government scrapped it for any MPs elected after 2012 . Under Mr Turnbull 's plan it will now be fully abolished for all but former prime ministers and their spouses . Mr Turnbull says he will not use it .
Loading The changes are expected to kick more than 150 former MPs off the scheme , saving taxpayers an estimated $ 5 million over the next five years . Follow us on Facebook
Welcome to the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics web site , hosted at Indiana University Bloomington , in honor of the late Rob Kling . Our goal is to serve as a repository for activities , people , and opportunities related to the field of Social Informatics . Among its many activities , the Center supports a speaker series , Ph.D. minor , research support for faculty fellows , and travel support for doctoral students . Students interested in graduate studies in social informatics in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University may apply for the Masters in Information Science ( MIS ) , the Ph.D. in Information Science , or the the Ph.D. in Informatics .
Pnina Fichman of the School of Informatics and Computing is the Director of the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics . RKCSI is governed by an Advisory Committee comprised of faculty from various programs at Indiana University , who support the activities of the center , its Faculty Research Fellows and the Doctoral Group . Graduate students who are interested in Social Informatics at Indiana University , Bloomington should consider joining the doctoral student group , sponsored by the Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics . This group hosts both social and academic events to support students across departmental boundaries .
Social Informatics ( SI ) refers to the study of social aspects of computerization , including the role of information technology in social and organizational change , the use of information technologies in social contexts , and the way that the social organization of information technologies is influenced by social forces and social practices .
This season , Miami Heat point guard Goran Dragic has been on fire . Playing like he was when he was All-NBA Third Team , Dragic poised for a career season .
Winning cures everything . So does play like a borderline All-Star . Goran Dragic is quietly having a career season — and do n't look now , the Miami Heat are on a six-game winning streak . ( The longest active streak in the league . )
The Miami Heat are 6-0 in its last six games , and a lot of that is due to Dion Waiters ' rejuvenated shot making , but it 's also due to Dragic 's steady play . Though Waiters Island appears hospitable for now , Dragic is still getting his on a nightly basis . And he 's doing it his way : ruthless drives to rim and knock-down shooting .
In the last five games , of players who register at least seven drives per contest , the expected value of one of Dragic 's drives is worth 1.36 points per shot , per NBA.com/Stats ( ! ) — that 's higher than that of a 3-pointer 's expected value ( 1.074 ) . And that 's not just good , that 's league-leading good . Life is good when you shoot 68-percent on rim runs .
Dragic is n't just laying it at a remarkable rate , he 's also getting to the foul line — something he struggled with last year . Playing like the guy that everyone knew Dragic was , he 's racked up 72 shooting fouls in 38 games , according to basketball-reference.com . For comparison , Dragic only lured defenders into 62 shooting fouls in 2015-16 , in 72 games ( ! ) .
This year , Dragic 's brutal driving technique is reminiscent of dirty , phone booth boxing — up close and personal . That is , until he separates , often getting the better of his opponent on the way out of the exchange .
But The Dragon has been excelling outside of the painted area , too . Dragic has been killing it from 3-point land , shooting 40.8-percent from deep , a career figure . ( Dragic shot 40.8-percent from 3 when he was named All-NBA Third Team in 2013-14 . )
Dragic is n't just knocking down spot-up 3s either ; he 's a proper modern-day point guard that is developing one of the most devastating weapons in basketball : the pull-up 3-pointer . On the season , he 's shooting 39.1 percent on pull-up 3s , per NBA.com . That 's better than league-average 35.9-percent from downtown , and most of the league 's 3-pointers are spot-ups , which are often better looks . On Miami 's current win streak ( six games ) , Dragic has been lights out , knocking down 60-percent of his pull-up 3-pointers ( ! ) , on two attempts per game .
Last season , in 2015-16 , Dragic made 20 of 69 pull up 3s on 29-percent shooting , per NBA.com . So far this season , he 's made 18 of 46 on 39.1-percent shooting — going from below league-average to head and shoulders above it in under a year .
Dragic generates a lot of those pull-up 3s by being such a driving threat in the pick-and-roll . Just the threat of him hurtling towards the rim is often enough for his opponents to go under the screen , attempting to cut off his driving lane , leaving him open for pull-up jumpers
Last year , Dragic ran six pick-and-rolls per game , according to NBA.com ; this year , he 's up to 8.6 , leading to more pull-up looks like the one above . Dragic 's tapered responsibility in 2015-16 , largely due to Miami ex-pat Dwyane Wade 's ball-hungry style , was , perhaps , more dampening than some thought .
Dragic is a monster that feeds on weak back-peddlers and sagging defenses . In 2017 , It 's safe to say that The Dragon has been unleashed .
According to Safe Campus Communities , a website created by the Higher Education Funding Council for England ( HEFCE ) , I could be regarded as an extremist .
According to a website created by the Higher Education Funding Council for England ( HEFCE ) , I could be regarded as an extremist
I have expressed “ vocal support for Palestine ” . I am opposed not just to “ Israeli settlements in Gaza ” , but all construction beyond the Green Line of 4 June 1967 . I have also frequently “ criticised ( Western ) ” wars in the Middle East and I am “ opposed to Prevent ” on the grounds that it is not preventing home-grown jihadis .
I think Israel is running a form of apartheid and not just in the occupied West Bank . The Jewish state is plainly and demonstrably a functioning democracy for its Jewish citizens alone .
These views “ may be regarded ” as extremist , although Safe Campus Communities kindly notes , they are not illegal . Well might they add that rider . Government attempts to concoct a definition of `` non-violent extremism ” , which is legally secure , have foundered .
It 's not as if they have not had time to think about it .
Where is the counter-extremism bill ?
It will shortly be two years since the government first announced a counter-extremism bill in May 2015 . Six months after that , they published a strategy . The bill has since been in two Queens speeches and still nothing has appeared .
Harriet Harman MP , chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights , has now written to the Home Secretary Amber Rudd to ask what is happening . There are good reasons for the government 's reticence to legislate an issue they define as key .
Harman 's own committee found little evidence to support the government assumption that there is an escalator between religious conservatism and violent jihadism . If extremism denies `` mutual respect and tolerance of different faiths and beliefs ” , who is being extremist when a faith has elements of misogyny and homophobia , the committee 's report asked .
Should this new legislation apply just to Muslims only , in which case it would be discriminatory and would fall foul of freedom of religious expression , or should it apply to all faiths in which case the new legislation would operate indiscriminately . Synagogues could be as much in the firing line as mosques .
In the absence of legal definition and clarity , Prevent operates with an arsenal of weaponised vagueness
In the absence of legal definition and clarity , Prevent - a statutory duty to carry out and presumably a criminal offence to ignore - operates with an arsenal of weaponised vagueness .
The presentation on Safe Campus Communities is full of woulds , coulds and question marks . The intellectual cotton wool padding this brief , however , is anything but soft .
Freedom of pre-approved speech
This week university campuses around the world are conducting debates around the theme of Israeli apartheid . At least three events in Britain have now been cancelled or postponed . The University of Central Lancashire ( UClan ) cancelled an event organised by a Friends of Palestine Society because of concerns it would not be “ balanced ” .
Elsewhere venues , booked months in advance , are cancelled at the last minute ; extra security is demanded ; speeches are monitored and , in some cases , have to be pre-approved .
Does this “ risk assessment and management ” apply to all university debate ? Plainly not . If Moazzam Begg , the former Guantanamo detainee and human rights campaigner , who is now categorised as a “ high-risk speaker ” is invited on campus to speak to an Amnesty society , there are no problems . If , however , he is invited to give essentially the same talk to an Islamic society , all hell breaks loose .
Clearly and palpably a darker purpose is being served here . It has nothing to do with British values , violent jihadi extremism , or the Islamic State ( IS ) group . It has everything to do with shutting down debate about Israel and Palestine at a particularly sensitive moment when even the rhetoric around the existence of a Palestinian state is being jettisoned .
Clearly , if the two-state solution is abandoned , that leaves one state . That is one in which Palestinians , whether under occupation , with the status of Jerusalem resident or full citizens are discriminated against in law . Israel 's attempts to legitimise this reality is what the battle on the campuses is all about .
Gerald Kaufman , who died recently , was another of this campaign 's victims . A Zionist turned ferocious critic of Israel , Kaufman was villified for a speech in which he compared the Israeli actions in Gaza during Operation Cast Lead to those of the Nazis in Poland . Kaufman 's grandmother was shot dead in her bed in her home town of Staszow by a German soldier .
Who will stand up now ?
Israeli apartheid was first seriously examined in a British newspaper by an award-winning journalist and former colleague , Chris McGreal , who had been a correspondent in Johannesburg for ten years and in Jerusalem for four . His forensic analysis written in 2006 bears re-reading today .
Two Guardian articles produced an immediate reaction . Camera , the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting , referred McGreal to the Press Complaints Commission in a complaint that totalled 35,000 words , twice the length of the original articles . In its complaint , Camera attempted to deny the undeniable - that there was a policy of maintaining the demographic balance of Jerusalem . It was a brazen denial of reality .
I once asked a serving Israeli ambassador whom he thought were the twin enemies of Israel . 'The BBC and the Guardian , ' he shot back without a trace of irony
Camera 's complaint could not help being self-revelatory . Their real beef with the analogy was that McGreal had “ denied the historic rights of the Jewish People ” and had shown “ contempt for Zionism ” . Happily - but this was in 2006 - the PCC stood up to this barrage and threw out every point of their complaint . So did Alan Rusbridger , then editor of the Guardian .
Into his office marched Henry Grunwald , president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews , and Gerald Ronson , chairman of the Community Security Trust . Ronson did not take his coat off , and according to Rusbridger 's recollection said : `` ' I 've always said opinions are like arseholes , everyone 's got one ' , and then he effectively said ‘ I 'm in favour of free speech but there is a line which ca n't be crossed and , as far as I 'm concerned , you 've crossed it , and you must stop this ' '' . Ronson accused the Guardian of being responsible for anti-Semitic attacks , a claim Rusbridger refused to accept .
Both the PCC and the Guardian stood their ground . There was no doubt in McGreal 's mind what this exercise was about . Nothing to do with correcting inaccurate reporting , and everything to do with bullying and intimidation . That was in 2006 . Would the same organisations stand their ground today ? Somehow I doubt it . Look at what has happened to the BBC 's coverage of the conflict .
I once asked a serving Israeli ambassador whom he thought were the twin enemies of Israel . I expected him to say Hamas and Hezbollah . “ The BBC and the Guardian , ” he shot back without a trace of irony . The Israeli embassy has been nothing if not true to its word since then .
I would love to say that these tactics will not work . The sadness today is I am no longer so sure .
- David Hearst is editor-in-chief of Middle East Eye . He was chief foreign leader writer of The Guardian , former Associate Foreign Editor , European Editor , Moscow Bureau Chief , European Correspondent and Ireland Correspondent . He joined The Guardian from The Scotsman , where he was education correspondent .
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Eye .
Photo : A Palestine Solidarity Campaign event in London on 7 June 2013 ( PSC/Flickr )
This article is available in French on Middle East Eye French edition .
Seventeen states are involved in a lawsuit filed Wednesday challenging President Obama 's executive actions on immigration .
Texas , Alabama , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Montana , Nebraska , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , West Virginia , Wisconsin and the governors of Mississippi , Maine , North Carolina and Idaho filed the suit in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of Texas .
The states — led by Texas — charge that Obama 's actions violate the president 's duty under the Constitution to “ take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed . ”
“ The Constitution 's Take Care Clause limits the President 's power and ensures that he will faithfully execute Congress 's laws – not rewrite them under the guise of ‘ prosecutorial discretion , ' ” Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said after filing .
Abbott , who will become governor in January , went on to call the immigration orders “ nothing but an unlawfully adopted legislative rule : an executive decree that requires federal agencies to award legal benefits to individuals whose conduct contradicts the priorities of Congress . ”
Last month President Obama announced his controversial executive action on immigration , including granting legal status and work permits to nearly 5 million illegal immigrants — an act which conferred eligibility for Medicare and Social Security to millions of previously ineligible foreign nationals .
“ The President is abdicating his responsibility to faithfully enforce laws that were duly enacted by Congress and attempting to rewrite immigration laws , which he has no authority to do – something the President himself has previously admitted , ” Abbott said . “ President Obama 's actions violate the Take Care Clause of the U.S. Constitution and the Administrative Procedure Act , which were intended to protect against this sort of executive disregard of the separation of powers . ”
The Texas Attorney Generals ' office laid out the challenge to Obama 's actions in three bullet points :
– The executive action on immigration conflicts with the President 's constitutional duty to “ take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed. ” The Take Care Clause limits the scope of presidential power and ensures that the chief executive will uphold and enforce Congress 's laws – not unilaterally rewrite them under the cover of “ prosecutorial discretion. ” – The DHS Directive failed to comply with the Administrative Procedure Act 's required notice and comment rulemaking process before providing that legal benefits like federal work permits , Medicare , and Social Security be awarded to individuals who are openly violating immigration laws . – The executive action to dispense with federal immigration law will exacerbate the humanitarian crisis along the southern border , which will affect increased state investment in law enforcement , health care and education .
The suit comes as Republicans in Congress consider ways to confront Obama 's unilateral actions .
Last week , I released the Way-Too-Early 2017 Big Board , but that short list was pulled from a huge number of players currently in the evaluation pool for next year 's draft . We have a long way to go , but here 's an early look at prospects for every position .
Editor 's Picks Kiper : Top 10 defenders by position for 2017 The 2016 NFL draft is n't distant in the rearview mirror , but Mel Kiper already has many names lined up for the 2017 class . Here , he ranks the top players for every position on defense .
This is a mix of seniors and underclassmen , but early on , I separate the two so you see more senior players , as those are guys certain to be in the draft . By `` underclassmen , '' I mean players who technically could return to school for another season . Those are true juniors and third-year sophomores . I 've denoted the third-year sophomores with asterisks .
Quarterbacks
Seniors
1 . Davis Webb , Cal
2 . Mitch Leidner , Minnesota
3 . Chad Kelly , Mississippi
4 . C.J . Beathard , Iowa
5. Cooper Rush , Central Michigan
Underclassmen
1 . Deshaun Watson , Clemson
2 . Brad Kaaya , Miami ( Fla . )
3 . Mason Rudolph , Oklahoma State
4 . J.T . Barrett , Ohio State
5 . Pat Mahomes , Texas Tech
Watson and Kaaya are the top two names in this class , but do n't bet against Webb and Leidner as first-round possibilities . Webb in particular has an NFL skill set and is a player NFL teams will watch closely . He could thrive in the draft process . ( He also is n't officially committed for 2016 but should be this week . )
Microsoft is about to share the last details on the Xbox One X with a press conference ahead of the Gamescom in Cologne , Germany . You can watch it live right here at 12 PM on the West Coast , 3 PM on the East Coast , 8 PM in the U.K. , 9 PM in Germany .
The company already said on Twitter that we can expect to hear more details about pre-orders for the Xbox One X :
# XboxOneX pre-order info is coming !
Tune in August 20 at 9 PM CEST / 12 PM PT for details from # gamescom : https : //t.co/CUZLWHelEa pic.twitter.com/4uyVeql6nT — Xbox ( @ Xbox ) August 17 , 2017
Microsoft should also share new trailers for upcoming games , such as Forza Motorsport 7 , Sea of Thieves , maybe another extension for Halo Wars 2 , etc .
The Xbox One X is Microsoft 's upcoming gaming console . It 's a more powerful Xbox One that should work better with demanding games . You 'll be able to buy it on November 7 for $ 499 . Microsoft says that you can expect 4K games with an acceptable framerate .
And yet , based on specs , the console should be more or less than powerful as a gaming PC with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 . If you have a 4K TV , games should definitely look better with an Xbox One X . But the existing Xbox One S is going to remain available after the release of the Xbox One X .
02 November 2017 00:00 , UTC
Bitcoin is not a currency , thinks Mohamed El-Erian , who is a Chief Economic Advisor in Allianz . Explaining his position on the recent economic forum in Singapore , he told :
“ A currency serves as a predictable store of value , and serves as a medium of exchange that 's pretty stable in value as well — bitcoins are n't that there yet , they 're still trying to find stability so it 's more of a commodity than it 's a currency . ”
As CNBC reminds , last month the same analyst told that Bitcoin is overestimated and it does not deserve such prices ( he was talking about $ 4000 , BTC has just surpassed $ 7000 this morning ) .
However , Allianz is the third largest financial service by revenue , and the opinion of its experts should not be underestimated . Maybe Bitcoin is a currency , but yes , presently it lacks the stability of fiat money .
Similar opinion about store of value was expressed by the former President of Bundesbank . As he told almost a month ago , Bitcoin lacks a store of value . However , many would disagree with both statements and consider Bitcoin a currency no worse than dollar . For example , McAfee once called dollar even a bigger fraud than Bitcoin .
Found a mistake ? Select the text and press CTRL+ENTER
Share :
Read the best crypto news analysis here ! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin , investments , regulation and other cryptocurrencies
Frito-Lay , perhaps channeling Willy Wonka , has decided to give away a special golden Dorito chip in more than 3,000 bags of its Jacked Bold Mystery Flavor .
The gold-plated Doritos are n't actually in the bag -- that could really hurt your teeth -- instead winners will find a special ticket with a phone number to call and claim the prize .
We 're not exactly talking massive levels of wealth here . One gold-plated Dorito is valued at $ 31.05 , the company said . Winners will also get the chance to get one of two 24-karat solid gold Doritos chips , each valued at $ 1,263 based on the price of gold last December . The price of gold has dropped slightly , so the chip would likely be worth about $ 1,257 today . Not as good as seizing control of a candy factory and commanding an army of oompa-loompas , but hey , not bad , either .
To enter , look for specially marked bags of mystery flavor Doritos . E ! Online tested three of the flavors and came up with such descriptions as `` chili cheese , '' `` rubber tire , '' `` spicy smokey chili '' and `` I never want to taste it again . '' Is it worth the risk for the 1-in-140 odds of winning a gold-plated chip ?
Frito-Lay , a unit of PepsiCo ( PEP ) , will be the biggest winner of all , of course . The company is using social media for part of the contest , offering chances to win to followers on Twitter ( TWTR ) and Instagram . It 's also calling attention to its Jacked Bold Mystery Flavors , dangling a little incentive to buyers who might be wary of spending hard-earned cash on an unknown flavor .
Will the offer of a gold-plated chip work magic for Frito-Lay ? The contest is already generating enthusiasm on Twitter . `` I do n't eat chips , but a golden chip . . . want , '' wrote one user .
The contest ends Aug. 1 .
The AMD Embedded G-Series platform being introduced tonight is the world 's first Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) for embedded systems . AMD has had quite a bit of history of supporting x86 based embedded systems . Starting with the Geode processor in 2003 ( obtained from National Semiconductors and used in the OLPC project ) , AMD went on to introduce AMD64 technology into the embedded markets with the AMD Opteron processors in 2005 . In 2007 , the addition of graphics and other chipset options by AMD enabled comprehensive embedded solutions . In 2009 , AMD introduced BGA ( Ball Grid Array ) packaging to meet customer demand .
At CES 2011 , they gave us a sneak peek into the Embedded G-Series platform based on Brazos . AMD has increased performance and features in every generation while bringing down the power , area and price barriers for x86 in the embedded market .
The embedded market space is dominated by SoCs based on RISC processors such as ARM and MIPS . For most power sensitive embedded applications , PowerPC and x86 based solutions do not make the cut . x86 , in particular , has been the dark horse due to the excessive power consumption for systems based on that architecture . Process shrinks have helped lower the power consumption numbers . However , we are still a few nodes away from when the x86 based solutions can really compete with RISC based solutions on the power front .
In the meantime , solutions like what we are seeing from AMD today integrate premium graphics capabilities within power envelops similar to what x86 used to consume in the previous generation—so you get CPU+GPU instead of just a CPU . RISC based embedded solutions may still be winning on the power front ; however , for applications where slightly higher power consumption is not a concern , the x86 threat from the AMD embedded G-Series platform can become a cause for concern . MIPS is usually popular in such applications ( set-top boxes , digital signage etc . ) and they will be facing credible opposition with AMD 's integrated graphics capabilities .
The number of newborns in Denmark continues to plummet . Since 2000 , there has been a 17 percent decrease in birth rates , and Denmark now has the lowest birth rate among the Nordic countries , Ugebrevet A4 reported based on figures provided by Eurostat . Birth rates in Denmark have not been this low since 1987 .
`` We should have somewhere between 275 to 310 births per month , but right now we have between 210 and 220 , '' Line Hundebøl Nielsen , of Aalborg University 's maternity ward , told A4 . `` There is no doubt that the birth rates are falling . ''
But Denmark 's decreasing birth rates are nothing new . Following a February report from the Copenhagen hospital Rigshospital that showed that the 2012 birth rate was the lowest in several years , the hospital 's clinical supervisor said that Denmark 's birth rate was `` approaching epidemic levels '' .
Experts have long been working to find solutions , a trying task when there is little in the way of one single explanation for the baby decline . For Lone Schmidt , an associate professor at the University of Copenhagen 's Department of Public Health , it seems obvious that what 's needed is a change in society 's view on having children .
`` The politicians push for the young to get educated , get into the labour market , and establish themselves , '' she told A4 . `` It may not be a bad idea for the politicians to also discuss having children as one of life 's goals and aspirations . ''
Alongside Israel , Denmark has the highest number of artificial inseminations in the world , sought mostly by women who are too old to conceive naturally . But some researchers maintain that this method is far from a safe bet .
`` In women under 35 years of age , artificial insemination proves successful in three out of four cases , but the success rate drops by half in women who are over 35 , '' Schmidt said . `` There is a lack of knowledge and awareness about fertility and that it drops with age . ''
Nielsen recalls that 20 years ago at Aalborg University 's maternity ward , if a first-time mother was over 25 it was considered an unusual case that required extra attention .
`` Today , the average age of first-time mothers is 30 years and this is problematic because we are not biologically made for that , '' she said , also adding that she sees fewer third- and fourth-time mothers as women are opting to have children later .
Peter Albæk , president of the association for children 's rights Børns Vilkår , said that society needs to foster an environment that promotes having careers and children at the same time .
`` For many , it may be too difficult and demanding to be parents of young children during a time when they have just entered the job market and are working to build their careers , '' Albæk told A4 . `` We need to come up with new models and solutions . ''
So what could constitute a step in the right direction ? In Christianborg , for instance , a bipartisan panel will hold a conference on reproduction next month . The panel 's president , Sophie Hæstrop Andersen ( Socialdemokraterne ) , wants to reverse the trend of women waiting longer to have children .
`` Studies show that young people are told by their families that they must have an education and career prior to thinking about having children , '' Andersen told A4 . `` It will be a challenge for our society to move away from this position in the future , when there will be fewer and fewer young people to pay taxes , work , and ensure the welfare of Denmark . ''
Take it as red that this jersey means the world ... but it 's the man inside it that makes it special
A very special jersey , Brian O'Driscoll called it . Although it is n't , not really . It 's red , that 's all . And a million teams play in red . Manchester United , Liverpool , Arsenal . Spain , Denmark , South Korea . London Welsh , Munster , Llanelli Scarlets . Wigan Warriors , Atlanta Falcons , England 's one-day cricketers .
The original Lions jersey , now that was special . The design , commissioned by the first tour promoter Arthur Shrewsbury in 1888 , was intended to ‘ take them by storm ' and featured thick hoops in red , white and blue . The first Lions shirt to be a single colour was introduced in 1910 and was , in fact , blue . It only turned red in 1950 to avoid a clash with the All Blacks . It has remained that way ever since .
So it is n't the shirt itself that is special , but the man inside it . What he feels about the history and traditions of his sport and what his red apparel represents .
Fill it with pride : The starting line-up have their shirts for the first Test , presented by Sir Ian McGeechan
Men of honour : But it is the men , not the shirt , who make it special . The jersey worn by the first Lions touring party in 1888 came with thick hoops in red , white and blue and was intended to 'take them by storm '
The Lions are an anachronism , really . A scratch team pulled together for seven weeks and then just as hastily disbanded . A national team without a national anthem . Losers , too , mostly . The Lions have won just two Test series since 1974 and one in Australia since 1966 . O'Driscoll is on his fourth Lions trip and has , to date , been victorious in a solitary Test match , 12 years ago .
Yet these tours remain — as O'Driscoll and some of the least sentimental men in the athletic world have contested all week — the pinnacle , the ultimate , the highlight of a sporting career .
It may make Sir Clive Woodward 's lip curl in disapproval , but Martin Johnson put captaining the last victorious Lions side in South Africa in 1997 on a par with winning the World Cup with England .
Sam Warburton compared his excitement in leading the Lions out in Brisbane today with captaining Wales in several huge matches , then said the Lions captaincy ‘ blows it out of the water ' .
Think about that . Warburton captained Wales when they destroyed England at Cardiff in a Six Nations decider this year . He led his country into a World Cup semi-final in New Zealand in 2011 . And , yes , it may have coloured his judgment that the match against France in Auckland ended in defeat and personal disappointment , with Warburton sent off for a spear tackle on Vincent Clerc . Yet the game against England could not have gone better .
To say the emotion of that occasion is eclipsed , or blown away , by what he will feel as Lions captain is a quite remarkable statement .
It would be akin to Steven Gerrard admitting that an achievement with England would mean more to him than the Champions League final win with Liverpool in 2005 . Such a comparison simply would n't happen in football .
Test matches are the summit in cricket , too , but those players are centrally contracted . They belong to the ECB more than the county .
What is remarkable about the Lions is that they are a team who are n't really a team . It is a concept , an idea , a fleeting moment in time , in which four become one and enemies share a common purpose .
From a distance , it may explain why , although the Six Nations competition contains some of the fiercest rivalries , there is no lasting animosity , and certainly no fan violence . How can there be when the hated foe is shortly to be on your side ?
The Welsh fans so hostile when England visited Cardiff in March will today treat Dan Cole , Ben Youngs and Tom Croft as their own . There are men in kilts who have travelled two days across the planet to cheer vociferously for a team without a single Scotsman in the starting line-up .
Unbeatable : Every man who wears the jersey insists it is the highlight of their career , beyond anything they may have achieved with their countries , including World Cup and Six Nations triumphs
Get shirty : Brian O'Driscoll gets his jersey
‘ It 's so unique to have four countries shouting for you , ' said O'Driscoll . ‘ Kind of bizarre , but brilliant , too , and for them to have love for you as a collective for that brief period , makes it very , very special . When you know they 're roaring you on , it gives you the extra incentive you need to play the game of your life .
‘ The ultimate for a player in Britain or Ireland is to get the honour of pulling on the red jersey . So many greats before you have done likewise and to be able to borrow that history for 80 minutes is huge . You would never bore of this feeling , of being involved ; from the team announcement to the Tests goes in the blink of an eye .
‘ This endures because it is the top 37 players in Britain and Ireland and , when you come here , you realise how many people play the sport , you think of the calibre of those selected and tell yourself , “ I 'm in that group ” . Then you think of the history of the great Lions tours , the wins in 1971 , 1974 , 1989 , 1997 , so many memorable moments .
‘ I really hope there will never come a time when it is n't the ultimate for British and Irish players . I do n't think that time will come soon . You see the first-time Lions suddenly realising how big this is and , for all of us who have been through it , one hit is never enough . We all leave craving the second hit , the third hit .
Stand tall : The Lions must end their wait for Tour glory having not won a series since 1997
‘ You can see the disappointment in the faces of those that are n't selected , too . They want that jersey . It 's a very special jersey . The away sides come into the dressing room at the end , they all want the jerseys — but they do n't get them . And you never see it the other way around , you never see a Lions player looking to swap his jersey . That says it all . The respect the shirt holds — everybody wants a part of it . '
Much is said about the fans , and yes , they are wonderful ; but it is the players who are the custodians of the spirit and soul of the Lions . It is because they regard the honour as sacred that the fans remain engaged , even when victory seems unlikely .
Barbarians Football Club was once also a storied name in rugby . Their 23-11 victory over New Zealand on January 27 , 1973 , is recalled as one of the greatest matches in history . Yet , over time , the players cared less and less for an invitation from the Baa-Baas . Fans sensed that , and deserted the team , too . Now , when they play at Twickenham , parts of the ground do not open . Their 59-8 defeat by the Lions in Hong Kong earlier this month sounded very much like the death knell for what was once a great institution .
Who cares ? Affection for the Lions must not diminish like it has with England football and the Barbarians
It can happen . It could happen to the Lions if the players were no longer entranced . This is n't a particularly successful team . If the players were disinterested , that ennui would quickly transfer .
‘ We need to win one of these series soon , ' said O'Driscoll . ‘ I dearly want to be part of that for the Lions ' sake going forward . '
Clearly , there is concern that continued defeat will take its toll on the collective spirit . Maybe so , but for now it shows no sign of abating .
Tom Youngs said that , when his name was read out as part of the starting line-up , his elation was so great that he did n't hear another name until his brother , Ben , was listed among the replacements .
George North described lying in bed at night and taking a deep breath ‘ as a Lion ' . Stuart Barnes , who played for the Lions in New Zealand in 1993 , the last tour of the amateur era , recalled his heart jumping on hearing his name called .
Compare this to Jamie Carragher 's brutal admission , after England had lost a penalty shoot-out to Portugal in a World Cup quarter-final , that it did not mean as much to him as losing with Liverpool .
Get behind the lads : Lions supporters have , as always , provided a brilliant backdrop to the matches
‘ I 'd just missed a penalty in the World Cup quarters but I thought I 'd rather miss for England than Liverpool , ' Carragher wrote . ‘ Defeats wearing an England shirt never hurt me in the same way as losing with my club . '
Yet , if the Lions lose today — and they have never been beaten in Brisbane , incredibly — it will hurt like hell . To win the Rugby World Cup , some argue , is now the pinnacle of a career for a player in Britain or Ireland : except not one made that distinction in the build-up to this match . There were no caveats , no asterisks , no parentheses , no footnotes .
They could easily have stayed respectful to the Lions , while being honest about the revised pecking order of boyhood dreams . Yet on one matter the players remained in universal agreement and absolutely clear .
This is it . This sweeps the rest from the board . A simple red jersey , yes ; but it means the world .
It would n't seem outside the realm of possibility for Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to stun the football world in Week 1 with a dominant defensive performance only to add one of the greatest pass rushers in NFL history back to his roster .
Unfortunately , DeMarcus Ware is only kidding when he says something like this to the Dallas Morning News :
`` If Jerry calls me , I 'll answer the phone , '' Ware said .
The future Hall of Famer elaborated a bit :
`` I was one day away from coming back and signing with the Dallas Cowboys , '' Ware said . `` But my body just told me it 's time . It 's time to stop playing . I still have the drive to get out there and the want to play , but you 've got to think about family , think about what 's important and I just decided it 's time to hang up the cleats and put a suit on . ''
While DeMarcus Lawrence , Charles Tapper and Benson Mayowa all logged either quarterback hits or sacks in Sunday night 's prime-time win over the Giants ( looking far better than expected in the process ) , Jones would probably still trip over himself to get to the phone if Ware ever expressed an interest in coming back .
Defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli has been elevating the collective play of this defense for the past few seasons , but if he 's able to maximize a pass rush that hinges on Lawrence and whatever bonus he can get out of younger players like rookie Taco Charlton ( the first-round pick played 26 snaps Sunday ) , he truly deserves recognition as a primary reason for this team 's success .
Ware has been wonderful on television and will certainly be great in whatever he chooses to do off the field -- but he has to know that , even by joking about the call , he 's planted the seed . Jones would welcome him back any time .
Acupuncture or Acupressure can be used to successfully treat peripheral neuropathy . Acupuncture or acupressure is used to both ( 1 ) relieve the symptoms of peripheral neuropathy and ( 2 ) stimulate the body 's natural immune system so that the body can mend or heal itself on a more permanent basis .
VIDEO : Acupressure Massage for Peripheral Neuropathy :
improve circulation and reduce the numbness
The Jing Well acupuncture-acupressure points are :
6 points located on the fingers at the ends of the 6 TCM meridians that end on the hands :
LU11
Li1
PC9
TW1
HT9
Si1
5 points located on the toes at the ends of the 5 TCM meridians which end on the toes :
SP1
Lv1
ST45
GB44
UB67
Kidney 1 ( Ki1 ) point which is the first point on the Kidney meridian . Ki1 is located on the sole of the foot in the depression that forms about 2 inches behind your index and middle toes on the sole of your foot when you flex your foot .
Go HERE to YinYangHouse for excellent diagrams that show where the Jing Well points are located . As you will see on that webpage , the 12 Jing Well points are used to treat much , much more than just circulation and numbness .
In this video , note how Dr. Talbot effectively applies acupressure to the Jing Well points by using the tip of her fingernail to press the acupressure points . This fingernail technique can be used on any acupressure point .
VIDEO : Acupressure Points for treating Peripheral Neuropathy : The same well-known American Doctor of Oriental Medicine ( D.O.M ) , Hillary Talbott , demonstrates another very simple acupressure massage technique to use for treating and relieving peripheral neuropathy . Even though these specific TCM acupressure points are on the fingers , they can help relieve neuropathy in the arms , torso and legs because stimulating the finger points can stimulate the TCM meridians that run throughout the body . These finger points are on the flesh of each of the five fingers - just outside the edge of the lower ends of the sides of the fingernail . Hold or massage these two points on each of your 10 fingers to help stimulate proper blood , lymph , nerve impulse , and energy flow throughout the body . VIDEO : Excellent Acupressure or Acupuncture Points to Treat Peripheral Neuropathy : Whenever you see an acupuncture video , you can treat the same points yourself using acupressure . Why ? Because acupressure is simply acupuncture without needles . You can treat yourself with acupressure simply by massaging acupuncture or acupressure points or by holding the points with your finger tips for one to three minutes . Acupressure or acupuncture points that you can use to treat peripheral neuropathy of the legs and feet include :
Two of the Liao points on each side of the Sacrum , namely , BL31 and BL32 , Urinary Bladder 31 and Urinary Bladder 32 )
Enhance the result by treating all of the Sacrum points BL27 thru BL30 and BL31 thru BL34
All eight of the Shan Baxie points , also called the Bafeng or EX-36 or M-LE-8 points , on the webbing between each toe . These 'between the toe ' foot Shan Baxie points are the equivalent of the 'between the finger ' Baxie points on the hands .
GB34 on outside of knee just below head of fibula ( small bone of lower leg )
The area inside of the knee directly opposite of GB34
Ki6 one inch below the inner ankle
BL62 one inch below the outer ankle VIDEO : Acupuncture Provides Wonderful Relief for A Multiple Myeloma Cancer Patient Struggling with Peripheral Neuropathy Caused by Chemotherapy : A multiple myeloma cancer patient , Jacqueline : ones-Peters , uses acupuncture to reverse the pain , throbbing , burning , tingling and numbness symptoms of peripheral neuropathy caused by chemotherapy . Some Acupressure - Acupuncture Points Provide Short Term and Long Term Relief from Peripheral Neuropathy - As Proven by Medical Study Reported at LiebertPub.com and at The Myeloma Forum Medical study shows that this acupuncture - acupressure points relieve peripheral neuropathy : Ear Points :
Shen Men ,
Point Zero Body Points :
LI4 ,
TB5 ,
LI11 ,
ST40 , and
Baxie and Shan Baxie ( or Ba Feng ) points in the upper and lower extremities . Well-known Acupuncture Continuing Education website , HealthCMI.com , lists four specific TCM acupressure or acupuncture points that relieve peripheral neuropathy , including the peripheral neuropathy caused by chemotherapy . These four points help to alleviate peripheral neuropathy because they help stimulate the circulation of blood and energy throughout the body . The four points are :
Li4 ( one on each hand ) and
LV3 ( one on each foot ) Authoritative acupuncture site , Acufinder.com , states the TCM principle that peripheral neuropathy is relieved by improving the circulation or flow of blood , lymph , nerve impulses and energy . The site lists many TCM acupuncture - acupressure points to improve circulation and thus relieve peripheral neuropathy . Acufinder 's list of commonly used acupressure points to relieve peripheral neuropathy are : Upper Limb
LI15
LI11
TB5
LI4
Hand Baxie Points Lower Limb
GB30
GB34
GB39
SP6 Torso Points
GV14
GV12
GV9
BL14
BL16 VIDEO : Acupuncturist uses Master Tung 's Three Emperors Points or ( San Huang Xue Points ) to treat Peripheral Neuropathy , Numbness , Diabetes , Kidney conditions and various Gynecological conditions . Remember , you can use acupressure to treat these points , too ! Just hold a point with your fingertip for two to three minutes or massage a point for two to three minutes . The Three Emperor Points are located as follows :
Heavenly Emperor Point ( 1 to 1.5 inches below SP9 )
Earthly Emperor Point ( 1 inch above SP7 )
Human Emperor Point ( 0.5 inch above SP6 )
SP6 , Sp7 and SP9 can also be treated to help with circulation-based problems like peripheral neuropathy
Very Important TCM Acupressure - Acupuncture Points for Treating Peripheral Neuropathy .
These are excellent points to treat every day with self-applied acupressure in order to improve the circulation of blood , lymph and nerve impulses , improve strength and increase energy . The result is that you help your body deal with the many symptoms of peripheral neuropathy , including numbness and tingling :
SP6 This is an excellent point to treat with a circular or up and down massage .
Lv3 This point can be easily treated by lightly holding the barefoot heel of one foot on the Lv3 point of the other foot .
St36 This is an excellent point to treat with an up and down massage .
Li4 Interlace your thumbs and index fingers so that you can treat both Li4 points at the same time . Simply hold the 'spongy-bulging ' area between your thumb and index finger with a 'squeezing ' hold - or massage the area - both right and left at the same time . Hold or massage both the palm side and the outside of the 'spongy-bulging ' area .
Remember : If you treat a point on one side of your body ( such as left side SP6 ) , then always treat the identical point ( right side SP6 ) on the other side of the body .
Latest up-to-the minute news about Using Acupuncture or Acupressure to Treat Peripheral Neuropathy
Based on studies done to date , acupuncture or acupressure offers hopeful results for those seeking treatment of their peripheral neuropathy.In fact , because studies prove that acupuncture or acupressure alleviates peripheral neuropathy and its symptoms , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) now recognizes acupuncture or acupressure as a tool for treating peripheral neuropathyAn American Doctor of Oriental Medicine ( D.O.M . ) demonstrates a very simple acupressure massage technique that anyone can use to treat and relieve any area of the body that is troubled with peripheral neuropathy by treating just the 12 Jing Well points.In the video ( below ) , Hillary Talbot explains and demonstrates how toassociated with peripheral neuropathy by using Acupressure on the 12 'Jing Well ' TCM Acupuncture-Acupressure Points .
`` Acupuncture to Treat Peripheral Neuropathy '' - Google News
Google News
Many families will trek to Orlando , Florida , this spring and summer for some Mickey magic and undoubtedly pay a hefty fee to do so . After a recent trip to the land of the mouse with my family , we engineered some creative ways to shave the cost of a Disney vacation beyond the typical money-saving travel tips ( like packing your own water bottles , buying multiday park tickets and visiting during low season ) . Here are five unexpected ways to save at Walt Disney World .
When researching flights for our Orlando vacation , we strongly considered the cheapest available option , which was Allegiant Air , a new carrier flying into our airport . But after some study , we realized the benefits of Southwest Airlines and the slightly higher cost outweighed the negatives and slightly lower cost of Allegiant . For one , Southwest allows each traveler to check two bags and bring one carry-on and one personal item for free . It also does not charge an extra fee to change flights to a different day or time , and offers free in-flight entertainment on a Wi-Fi enabled device ( great for entertaining kids ) on most flights .
Using the free checked bag allowance , we brought enough clothes to minimize our need to do laundry and packed an entire bag full of nonperishable food for breakfasts and snacks , along with a small fan to drown out noise while sleeping . Additionally , Southwest flies into Orlando International Airport , which allows you to take advantage of Disney 's Magical Express free transportation and luggage service ( if you 're staying at a Disney resort ) , whereas Allegiant flies into a smaller airport farther from the parks . If Southwest does n't service your airport , consider JetBlue : The carrier allows you to check one bag per person for free .
If you do decide to fly with Southwest and you 're a Rapid Rewards member , see if you 're eligible for the program 's Companion Pass . If both you and your spouse have enough points for the pass , you can each bring a child with you for free .
The downside to checking so many bags : lugging them to and from the airport . However , if you 're staying at a Disney resort , you can take advantage of Disney 's Magical Express . Once you check your bags at your departure airport , you wo n't see your suitcases again until they `` magically '' appear in your hotel room no later than three hours after you arrive at the hotel . When it 's time to go home , you can check your bags at your Disney resort just like you would at the airport , and then pick them up at baggage claim upon returning home .
To take advantage of this service , book your reservations at least two to three weeks in advance . Once reserved , Disney will send you luggage tags to place on each bag . This service also allows you to take a free bus from Orlando International Airport to any Disney resort , which saves on the cost of renting a car or taking a taxi . Keep in mind : Disney 's Magical Express works with select airlines , including Southwest , Delta , American , JetBlue and US Airways . Another caveat : The service is only available for flights arriving between 5 a.m. and 10 p.m .
Disney offers two Visa credit cards , which when used to pay for everyday purchases , can net you discounts and points to use on your Disney vacation . For every $ 100 you spend , you earn one Disney Dream Reward Dollar , which is a $ 1 value on Disney purchases and on air travel . Depending on your monthly expenditures on the card , you may be able to accrue enough points to pay for your park tickets or meal expenses .
With the cards , you also save 10 percent at select Disney resort restaurants , you 'll get 10 percent off select merchandise purchases of $ 50 or more , and you can participate in an exclusive daily character meet and greet at Epcot , which comes with a free photo . The Premier card , which has a $ 49 annual fee , allows you to earn double points when you spend on gas , groceries and at Disney locations .
While we do n't hold a Disney card , we did use our Discover It cards , which is currently offering a 5 percent cash back bonus when using the card at most restaurants . I paid the balance as soon as we returned home and considered this a 5 percent coupon at a destination where coupons are hard to come by . This is also handy if you venture outside the world of Mickey to Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure or other Orlando attractions , where the Disney card does not provide a discount .
When planning this trip , we debated whether or not to rent a car as we had in years past . In addition to all four Disney parks , we also like to go to Universal Studios , and we needed a way to get there . Since Uber has greatly expanded its geographic coverage since our last Disney visit , we decided to give it a try .
Uber worked beautifully for us , picking us up at the resort within five minutes of requesting a car and dropping us right in front of Universal , saving us both the $ 17 to $ 25 Universal parking cost and the long walk from the garage . It cost us $ 21 going to the parks in the morning and $ 14 on the way back — a great deal for a family of four .
While there 's plenty more to get excited about at Disney besides laundry , I have to say Disney 's new system had me over the moon . While not cheap to do laundry ( $ 2 to $ 2.50 per load to both wash and dry ) , it is handy to have fresh clothes and swimsuits during your vacation . To help reduce the cost , bring your own trial size laundry detergent and fabric softener sheets in your checked bag and choose the lowest possible dry time for a smaller fee .
The new digital system lets you pay and select your washer or dryer from a central station and pay by credit card ( forget traveling with rolls of quarters ! ) . It even lets you monitor how much time is left in the cycle via an app on your smartphone , which also sends you a text alert when each load is done .
While Disney vacations are far from cheap , with a little extra knowledge and planning you can maximize all possible savings , choosing to splurge only when you want .
From RationalWiki
Nuwaubian `` literature '' featuring cult leader Dwight York .
Nuwaubianism is a sect promoting a bizarre mixture of black supremacy , bunk about aliens , and Old Testament guff .
It was founded by convicted child molester Dwight York ( b . 1945 , also known by a multitude of aliases , including Malachi Z. York-El , Atume-Re , Isa Muhammud , Issa Muhammad , Abd Allh Idn Abu Bakr Muhammad , Rabboni Y'shua Bar El Haady , The Angel Michael , and Chief Black Eagle ) , who has described himself as `` the Supreme Being of This Day and Time , God in Flesh '' . [ 1 ]
The sect regards York as an alien from the planet Rizq , and at one point declared that , on May 5 , 2000 , he would return to his home planet with 144,000 followers while the rest of the world plunged into Armageddon . [ 2 ] This does not appear to have happened .
A summary of some Nuwaubian philosophy can be found in a YouTube video [ 3 ] which , amongst a mass of almost unreadable text and kitschy paintings of black dudes glowing , claims that Adam and Eve were black , and Satan - in cahoots with someone called Zuen - cast some kind of curse on humanity 8000 years ago . The group has also claimed that mankind is descended from a race of green-skinned `` supreme beings '' , and since became brown from rusting ; notable green people in mythology include Osiris , Isis , Krishna and Esther . [ 4 ]
York taught his followers that white people are soulless `` devils '' . [ 2 ]
According to York , the apparition of Gabriel that appeared to Muhammad was actually a holographic projection . York also claims that this event was recorded by `` beings '' , who later showed a copy of the recording to Adolf Hitler . [ 5 ]
Aliens [ edit ]
York has claimed that depictions of aliens in films are sometimes derived from telepathic messages sent to the films ' directors by actual aliens , who are using the media to prepare for their eventual coming . [ 4 ] He has also declared that Freemasonry was inspired by an alien named Yoda . [ 6 ]
The Paleman [ edit ]
York outlined his weird version of human origins in a book entitled The Paleman . The book inverts the curse of Ham by saying that it is the `` Asiatic Palemen '' , rather than blacks , who are descendents of Canaan ; according to the book , Canaan was cursed with leprosy and albinism . York connects this with the Eden story by comparing leprosy with a snake 's habit of shedding its skin . `` This was a sign from the Almighty for you to reflect on and realize that these Canaanites ( Pale race ) , like reptiles , who also shed ( lose ) skin and peel easily are as I 've stated , mutants '' . [ 7 ]
According to York , the early whites `` descended to the level of animals , eating raw carcasses , walking on all fours and mingling freely with the animals , mainly dog-like animals '' . He adds that `` Once the salts in their bodies reached a dangerous low , they lost their ability to reproduce [ and ] went down from the mountains , kidnapped and raped clean Nubian women '' . [ 8 ]
He goes on to state that the whites who did not mix with Nubians `` were pushed further back up the mountains and fell so low as to mate with dog-like animals . The result of this mixture were ape-like animals '' . Furthermore , `` They loved the dog so much that they turned his name around to worship it , DOG = GOD . '' York claims that this is the origin of the phrase `` a dog is a man 's best friend '' , and that STDs were first created because `` The dog would lick the festered sores of the leper '' . According to him , the Canaanites left the mountains in 3691 B.C . and became the first Neanderthals and Cro-Magnons . [ 9 ]
York states that the `` red and yellow races of the Orientals '' , meanwhile , are descended from Esau . [ 8 ] `` [ A ] ny mongoloid or retarded child born to any race always has the same appearance , they look Asian '' says York . `` How can this be possible ? The answer is very simple . As we previously stated , when Allah places a curse on a people , He places the curse in their genes '' . [ 10 ]
According to one of his sons , York was fully aware that his teachings were bunk and merely used them to get his followers ' money- in his words , `` If I had to dress up like a nun , if I had to be a Jew , I 'd do it for this type of money . ''
Their Inevitable Fall [ edit ]
The cult fights back .
In May of 2003 , York was indicted on 197 counts of child molestation ; law enforcement believed it to be by far the single biggest investigation of child sexual abuse ever undertaken , and estimated the number of actual victims was potentially in the thousands . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] In 2004 he was found guilty of multiple child molestation and RICO charges and is currently serving a 135-year prison sentence at the Administrative Maximum ( ADX ) facility in Florence , Colorado . His projected release date is May 13 , 2122 ( provided he lives that long ) . [ 13 ]
York 's followers insisted that York was appointed a diplomatic position by the Liberian government , and therefore should be given diplomatic immunity from prosecution and extradited as persona non-grata to Liberia . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] As expected , the courts did not accept this claim .
In 2003 , several Nuwaubians were arrested in a `` common law '' style scam involving filing a phony $ 283,000,000 lien against the United States Postal Service , and then issued fake checks ( called `` Certified Tender of Payment Certificates '' and `` Statements of Assignment in Accounts '' ) with which they tried to pay for two luxury houses in Decatur , Georgia . [ 16 ]
York and the Nuwaubians established `` Tama-Re '' , a 476-acre cult compound in Putnum County , Georgia , in 1993 . Tama-Re consisted of 15 double-wide trailers , some firetrap buildings , and a number of quasi-Egyptian structures ( complete with two large styrofoam pyramids , one used as a church and the other as a trade center ) . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ] After York was sent to federal lockdown , the property was sold under government forfeiture by the U.S . Marshals Service and the structures were demolished and hauled to the dump . [ 21 ] Now cleared of all previous structures , the current owner has built a log style hunting lodge on the property . [ 22 ]
Some weirder beliefs [ edit ]
It is important to bury the afterbirth so that Satan does not use it to make a duplicate of the recently-born child . Furthermore , some aborted fetuses survive their abortion to live in the sewers , where they are being gathered and organized to take over the world . People were once perfectly symmetrical and ambidextrous , but then a meteorite struck Earth and tilted its axis causing handedness and shifting the heart off-center in the chest . Each of us has seven clones living in different parts of the world . Women existed for many generations before they invented men through genetic manipulation . Homo sapiens is the result of cloning experiments that were done on Mars using Homo erectus . Nikola Tesla came from the planet Venus . The Illuminati have nurtured a child , Satan 's son , who was born on 6 June 1966 at the Dakota House on 72nd Street in New York to Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis of the Rothschild/Kennedy families . The Pope was present at the birth and performed necromantic ceremonies . The child was raised by former U.S. president Richard M. Nixon and now lives in Belgium , where it is hooked up bodily to a computer called `` The Beast 3M '' or `` 3666 . `` [ 23 ]
• Based on the evaluation of the mean , variance , PCA , and mean square error with respect to a target function , no correlation could be observed between the measured magnitude response and retail price of headphones . However , the variance in low-frequency response seems to decrease with increasing price , indicating an improved bass response measurement consistency across headphones in the higher price range . It is however unclear whether this improved consistency with a higher retail price is the result of better headphones or better repeatability of measurements with more expensive models . Nevertheless , assuming that the perceived audio quality is largely determined by the spectral magnitude response of headphones , there are plenty of relatively cheap models that match the assumed target function , as well as very expensive ones that deviate significantly from an assumed ideal response .
• headphone measurements demonstrate slightly more bass than CA and SA headphones . The difference amounts to approximately 4 dB at 100 Hz . This finding is in line with subjective preference ratings reported by Olive et al . ( 2016 ) 11 . Olive , S. E. , Welti , T. , and Khonsaripour , O . ( 2016 ) . “ The preferred low frequency response of in-ear headphones , ” in Proceedings of the AES Conference on Headphone Technology , Aalborg , Denmark . bass response could be resulting from a greater seal between headphones and artificial ear compared to the seal for human ears ( ITU-T P.380 , 2003 6 . ITU-T P. 380 . ( 2003 ) . “ Electro-acoustic measurements on headsets , ” International Telecommunications . On average , IEdemonstrate slightly morethan CA and SAThe difference amounts to approximately 4 dB at 100 Hz . This finding is in line with subjective preference ratings reported by . The observed higherresponse could be resulting from a greater seal betweenand artificialcompared to the seal for human ) .
• headphones have a response that ( on average ) more closely mimics the target curve proposed by Olive and Welti ( 2015 ) 10 . Olive , S. E. , and Welti , T. ( 2015 ) . “ Factors that influence listeners ' preferred bass and treble balance in headphones , ” in Proceedings of the 139th AES Convention , Convention Paper 9382 , New York , NY . headphones . CA and IEhave a response that ( on average ) more closely mimics the target curve proposed bythan SA
• Olive and Welti ( 2015 ) 10 . Olive , S. E. , and Welti , T. ( 2015 ) . “ Factors that influence listeners ' preferred bass and treble balance in headphones , ” in Proceedings of the 139th AES Convention , Convention Paper 9382 , New York , NY . headphone response found in this study , with the exception of a deviation of up to about 5 dB for frequencies between 50 Hz and 2 kHz . The target function suggested byis fairly similar to the averageresponse found in this study , with the exception of a deviation of up to about 5 dB for frequencies between 50 Hz and 2 kHz .
Australia retail sales data is indicative of Chinese demand for infant formula , as it is estimated more than half of all purchases made in Australia are sent via courier to China by personal shoppers known as Daigou .
This courier market could be worth as much as $ 350 million annually to Australian retailers , according to calculations made by the Financial Review using industry data .
The poor performance of Murray Goulburn 's NatraStart brand suggests the struggling dairy company may have to cut the value of infant formula inventory and investments made in the brand .
'Daigou ' not buying
For Blackmores , it shows Chinese consumers still see the company as a vitamins brand and are yet to embrace its new offering .
Blackmores chief executive Christine Holgate did not address the issue of sales data directly when asked by the Financial Review . Peter Braig
`` We 've had no client enquiries about Blackmores infant formula , '' said one Daigou via instant message , who goes by the name Kangaroo Baby .
Another Daigou who uses the online name , Shao Bei , said she would not choose the Blackmores infant formula . `` This brand does not specialise in infant formula . It is not their strength , '' she said .
Advertisement
`` There are also plenty of other choices . ''
She said among Chinese consumers New Zealand 's Karicare was the most popular , followed by a2 Platinum and Aptamil , then Swiss product Wyeth and Bellamy 's Organic .
Australian birth rate v infant formula sales
A search of Aliababa 's Taobao marketplace shows just five stores or one page of search results for Murray Goulburn 's NatraStart .
Murray Goulburn had not provided comment at the time of publication .
Blackmores infant formula pulled up 12 pages of search results , compared to the more than 100 pages of results for a2 Platinum and Bellamy 's Organic .
Blackmores chief executive Christine Holgate did not address the issue of sales data directly when asked by the Financial Review .
Blackmores has managed to win just 0.1 per cent of the $ 173 million infant formula market . Supplied
Advertisement
`` Blackmores is pleased with the warm response we 've had from mums since launching our infant nutrition range and we are continuing to roll out distribution , '' she said .
Previously , Ms Holgate said the brand was `` well positioned '' for the launch into supermarkets and the commencement of marketing campaigns in March .
The Blackmores-branded infant formula is a joint venture with the listed Bega Cheese .
Figures from Aztec Data show Blackmores had average weekly supermarket sales in the month to May 8 of 237 units , compared to about 300,000 for the category .
Over the same period Murray Goulburn averaged weekly sale of 24 units in supermarkets .
This is despite infant formula sales in Australia tipped to grow by 30 per cent this year to about $ 600 million .
Despite the tepid early sales of Blackmores infant formula , Chinese demand has in the past changed quickly for the company .
In 2014 a chance endorsement from Chinese actress Fan Bingbing saw sales of its vitamin E cream jump from 3000 tubes a month to 130,000 almost overnight . The company sells about 600,000 tubes each month .
Advertisement
But Mark Tanner , the chief executive of market research firm China Skinny , said a brand must be successful in its home market before Chinese consumers will adopt it .
`` These China only brands rarely do well , '' he said via phone from Shanghai .
`` Infant formula also has the highest brand loyalty among any category in China . ''
Mr Tanner said the Daigou wo n't push a product to their customers until they see it is popular in Australia .
The impact Daigou can have on a brand 's success is borne out in Australian population statistics .
While the Australian birth rate has been relatively flat at about 310,000 annually over the past five years , infant formula sales are set to triple over the period .
WeedMaps Helping Hands Herbals Dispensary in Boulder , Colorado has announced the release of a new strain of marijuana named after Dr. Sanjay Gupta , cannabis news site Marijuana.com reports .
Gupta — who until several weeks ago opposed the use of medical Marijuana— recently made a very prominent about-face as part of a special CNN report on the benefits of marijuana .
Gupta 's opinion was changed after seeing the positive effects marijuana had on juvenile patients who suffered from dozens of seizures per day . The cannabinoid CBD has the effect of mitigating the frequency of those seizures to rare occurrences .
The strain — Sanjay Gupta Kush — is a modified Indica with roots originating from southeast Asia .
Indica is one of the two main varieties of marijuana , the other being Sativa . `` Hybrids '' of marijuana are some combination of the two .
Gupta joins President Obama— who has had a significantly less sympathetic attitude toward cannabis — in the club of people who have had the honor of a strain of marijuana named after them .
Here is a photo of Gupta Kush , made available by dispensary information database WeedMaps.com .
WeedMaps
Read the full details at Marijuana.com >
Since engaging in misogynistic attacks on Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke , Rush Limbaugh has lost at least 50 advertisers and has been the subject of widespread criticism . In addition , two radio stations have reportedly dropped his show . But Limbaugh also has a long history of using his show to engage in bigoted attacks , including using it as a platform to attack LGBT people and issues . Despite his reported support of civil unions , Limbaugh has frequently mocked and attacked the LGBT community . Here are some of Limbaugh 's worst anti-LGBT comments . On November 5 , 2004 , Limbaugh responded to a high school English teacher who was concerned about the `` vilification '' and `` demeaning '' of her openly gay students by claiming that openly gay students are `` trumpeting '' their sexuality and `` inviting dissent '' : LIMBAUGH : What 's -- what 's important when you go to school , Claire ? Is it your sexual identity or learning ? What 's important when you go to school ? Learning how to prepare yourself for the rest of your life or trumpeting your sexuality ? You know , there -- CALLER : I do n't think anyone 's trumpeting their sexuality . LIMBAUGH : Well , how do we know then that they 're gay if they 're not -- CALLER : Certainly ( overlapping conversations ; inaudible ) -- LIMBAUGH : -- how do we know it ? I mean , there 's -- there 's -- how do we know who 's gay and who 's straight unless somebody 's out there making a big case about it ? I think -- CALLER : No , no one 's making a big case -- LIMBAUGH : -- some people are inviting dissent . On the November 22 , 2011 , edition of his show , Limbaugh claimed that Larry King , a 15-year-old openly gay student who was killed by a reportedly homophobic classmate , was exploring whether he needed a `` chop-a-dick-offa'-me operation , '' stating : LIMBAUGH : He was showing up in school dressed as a woman -- was wearing dresses . He was bothering the other boys . His mother called the school . She was worried about her son 's behavior . She asked the school to keep a sharp eye out for him , that she was worried that his behavior was going to cause something unfortunate to happen to him . We 're talking 14- , and 15- , 16-year-olds here . Her son dresses up as a woman , goes to school , and starts lavishing attention on other boys . When she told school officials about this , she says , again , that school officials told her that there was nothing they could do . That her son had a civil right to explore his sexual identity , meaning he had a right to come to school dressed as a girl . He had a right to come to school dressed in female attire -- he was wearing dresses . He had a right to explore whether or not he was a woman in a boy 's body . He had the right to explore whether at some point he was going to need a chop-a-dick-offa'-me operation . On the January 19 , 2011 , edition of his show , Limbaugh called gender reassignment surgery an `` add-a-dick-to-me '' procedure , saying : LIMBAUGH : Let me put this in perspective for you , folks . The Democrats and the media put forth this challenge -- oh , what are you gon na cut ? You 're saying you 're going to cut spending -- what are you gon na cut ? What are you gon na cut ? And then we hear that the city of Berkeley is going to start paying for chop -- add-a-dick-to-me 's . Sex change operations . And they -- what do we want to cut ? Well , I ask you .
On the June 9 , 2004 , edition of his program , Limbaugh responded to accusations by what he called `` mainstream journalist leftists '' that President Reagan `` did n't do enough to stop AIDS ... so he 's anti-gay . '' He said that claims from `` AIDS activists '' in the 1980s that AIDS would affect people who are n't gay were untrue , because AIDS `` has n't made that jump to the heterosexual community '' :
LIMBAUGH : And remember , back then in the '80s , one of the accompanying -- there -- there -- there -- there was a lot of fearmongering going on around -- about AIDS , as a lot of people were scared about it . And one of the things that -- that the -- the AIDS activists said regularly back then was , oh , this is only a matter of time before it spreads to the heterosexual community . It 's only a matter of time . And they used that as -- as one of the weapons to try to get people like Reagan to start talking about it from their standpoint . And of course it -- it has n't . It -- it did n't , and it has n't , other than in Africa , and in Africa it is -- it is being spread not just by -- it -- it -- it 's promiscuity that -- that -- that spreads this , if you want to know the truth . It 's promiscuity . But it -- it has n't made that jump to the heterosexual community .
On the November 28 , 2011 , edition of his show , Limbaugh mocked Rep. Barney Frank ( D-MA ) , who is openly gay , by airing a `` Barney Frank update theme by Millie Small '' that consisted of playing the song `` My Boy Lollipop '' while Limbaugh made slurping sounds . Limbaugh concluded the `` update '' by saying :
LIMBAUGH : No , no , no , no , Barney would not . Somebody just told me that Barney would love being spanked in an election . No . No . No . Not in an election .
Limbaugh also attacked Frank on the January 7 , 2009 , broadcast , playing a parody song titled `` Banking Queen , '' featuring an impersonation of Frank . During the beginning of the song , Limbaugh said :
LIMBAUGH : Well , it certainly was the way the subprime mortgage thing went down . It certainly was the way . Congress was in charge of telling Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac what to do . Barney Frank leading the way , folks . He was -- and is -- a Banking Queen .
On the November 18 , 2011 , broadcast , Limbaugh complained that media figures did not identify former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who has been charged with child molestation , as gay , due to pressure from the `` gay lobby . '' During the segment , Limbaugh asserted that `` Sandusky has to be -- he 's a gay guy . Nobody 's mentioning that aspect , because it 's just too dangerous . '' He also said :
LIMBAUGH : Sandusky does not represent all homosexuality , just like the priests in the Catholic Church do n't represent all homosexuality , just like the aberrant criminals in heterosexual society do n't represent all heterosexuals . But because the gay lobby is very powerful , people do n't go there . People do n't address it , they do n't talk about it , and as such , an element of the problem never gets dealt with .
On the February 24 edition of his show , Limbaugh reacted to `` a federal judge this week in San Francisco ... rul [ ing ] that the Defense of Marriage Act signed by Bill Clinton is unconstitutional '' by saying :
LIMBAUGH : Just took it upon himself to say that a piece of legislation is unconstitutional . Defending traditional values is not modern ? It 's off topic ? Attacking them is modern and good politics ? That 's what we 're to believe here ? All we 're doing is defending traditional values . All we 're doing is defending the institutions and the traditions that have made this country great , and apparently that 's what you 're not supposed to do ? `` No , no , do n't do that ! Mr. Limbaugh , you 're just gon na make people nervous . Women are n't going to understand . '' You would n't believe the emails . `` Rush , women 's brains ca n't compute this way . You 're making a big mistake here by just bringing this up . '' Oh , so we ca n't defend all these great traditions , but the left can attack them ? The left can attack them and rip them apart and tear them down , and that 's good politics ? Is that what we 're to believe ? We 're supposed to sit by while great traditions and institutions like marriage are ripped to shreds .
Limbaugh also forwarded vicious smears against former Education Department official Kevin Jennings , including during his December 9 , 2009 , broadcast , in which he called Jennings a `` raging pervert '' and said :
LIMBAUGH : We 've had news this week of the safe schools czar and last week , too . This guy is a raging pervert who taught fisting -- and if you do n't know what it is , I 'm not going to describe it -- to grade-school and junior high school students back in the year 2000 .
So you 're unlucky enough to be hit with the real C-word : cancer . That sucks . But what can be worse is that many current medical scanning techniques come with large levels of radiation . The current practice of combining PET ( Positron emission tomography ) and CT ( computerized tomography ) scans produces good images , but the cost is high : a dose of radiation ten times the background amount the average human gets in a year . And that 's just one scan . Many cancer patients have to endure multiple scans . A new PET scanner from physicists at the University of Oslo ( UiO ) cuts the radiation dose in half and is also small enough to fit inside an MR scanner . Although it was developed for animals , the researchers say it could be easily adapted for human clinical examinations .
The Australian and Papua New Guinea governments are failing to meet human rights commitments set out in refugee agreements between the two nations , says Amnesty International 's submission to the Manus Island Senate inquiry .
Amnesty 's submission details further eyewitness accounts of the unrest at the centre in February which led to the death of an Iranian asylum seeker , Reza Barati , and serious injuries to dozens of others .
In its submission it says the injuries sustained by those at the centre were “ not being adequately cared for ” and recommended that asylum seekers who witnessed violence or were injured at the centre be removed immediately .
“ The Australian and PNG governments share responsibility for the violence which led to the death of Reza Berati and must prevent further violence from happening , ” said Kate Schuetze , Amnesty International Pacific researcher .
“ They must guarantee the safety of the asylum seekers detained there and provide adequate medical and rehabilitative programs to those injured in the recent violence . ”
Amnesty representatives visited the centre in late March while a PNG-initiated human rights inquiry was being conducted .
The submission says the ablution blocks for asylum seekers were “ dilapidated , dirty and mouldy , and several were broken or did not have running water ” . It says neither the PNG nor Australian government had demonstrated progress on the recommendations made in Amnesty 's earlier report into the facility .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) also lodged a submission , and said conditions on Manus Island were not meeting international standards .
“ Cumulatively , the harsh conditions for asylum seekers at the centre , the slowness of RSD [ refugee status determination ] processing and the lack of clarity regarding RSD processes and approximate timeframes for durable solutions for refugees , were punitive in nature for those affected , and did not provide safe and humane conditions of treatment for asylum seekers in detention as required under international law , ” the UNHCR wrote .
The submission said vulnerable asylum seekers who had been victims of torture and trauma were “ likely to be of growing concern ” because of uncertainty surrounding processing .
G4S , the private company that ran the centre during the unrest but which has since been replaced by Transfield , has previously told Guardian Australia it would address some of the issues raised in statements to the inquiry in its own submission .
In the upcoming South Park game , South Park : The Fractured But Whole ( say it aloud ... yep ) , one of the key mechanics is farting . You can fart to fight , fart to move around , and fart just for fun . And so , as part of their press tour for the game , publishers Ubisoft have built the Nosulus Rift — a mask-shaped peripheral that delivers fart smells straight into your nose as you play the game . To be clear , this is an actual , functioning device , although Ubisoft says it 's only available during conventions like Gamescom .
You can watch a polished video detailing the Nosulus Rift 's creation above ( complete with smooth panning shots and talking head designers ) , but for a more detailed experience , check out the hands-on from Gamespot below . If the presenters ' reactions are anything to go by , the Nosulus Rift is genuinely disgusting to use . South Park : The Fractured But Whole is being released December 6th for Xbox One , PS4 , and PC . Gamers will have to supply their own smells .
posted by Venediction
ADVERTISING :
Alliance
Chan ‘ WinteR ' Litt-Binn
WinteR
Evil Geniuses
Clinton ‘ Fear ' Loomis
Fnatic
Steve ‘ Excalibur ' Ye
Natus Vincere
Arthur ‘ Goblak ' Kostenko
Vici Gaming
Yao ‘ QQQ ' Yi
DK
Wen Yi ‘ 71 ' Tang
... he gave us many advices not only on mentality but game strategies as well . Many things he tells us are based on professional competitive sports . It 's very helpful . ... he gave us many advices not only on mentality but game strategies as well . Many things he tells us are based on professional competitive sports . It 's very helpful .
-Zhang ‘ LaNm ' Zhicheng
LGD
Zou ‘ 820 ' Yitian
Cloud 9
Aaron ‘ Clairvoyance ' Kim
Newbee
Tong ‘ Sydm ' Junjie
At the live playing area , the behavior of DK 's fans caused Newbee to lose , because their excessive jeering affected NB players . At the live playing area , the behavior of DK 's fans caused Newbee to lose , because their excessive jeering affected NB players .
-Tong ‘ Sydm ' Junjie
Six Turkish F-16 fighter jets violated Greek airspace over the Aegean Sea on Tuesday , the National Defense General Staff ( GEETHA ) said in a statement .
According to GEETHA , a formation of six aircraft entered the Athens Information Region between Lesvos and Chios at 3.01 p.m. before splitting into two groups .
Four jets flew over the island of Fourni between Samos and Chios at 3.25 p.m. while the other two flew over Makronisi and Anthropofagoi islets before flying over Agathonisi .
The Turkish jets were chased off by Greek aircraft .
The violations took place in the wake of a minor diplomatic spat between the two Aegean neighbors after a message on Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras 's account on Monday accused Turkish jets of repeatedly violating Greek airspace .
“ Fortunately our pilots are not as mercurial as yours [ were ] against the Russians , ” Tsipras told his Turkish counterpart Ahmet Davutoglu in one of four tweets that were later erased in reference to Turkey 's shooting down of a Russian fighter jet flying in its national airspace last week .
FlatFab Inc : FlatFab
flatfab marries digital modeling and traditional craftsmanship . 3D printing in new-age materials is great for small complex objects , but prohibitive in time and money for anything bigger than your fist . flatfab enables designers and hobbyists to use their own skills working with common tools and materials , anything that is reasonably flat and can be cut : paper , plastic , wood , steel , even stone .
The flatfab way :
Create your design fluidly , using connected planar parts
Print your design as 2D curves , ready to cut
Cut your design , with a digital cutter or by hand
Pack it flat , if you need to transport it
Assemble the parts together , there are no tools required !
What will be at the festival :
I ( James ) will be there with some physical models created with the software , as well as some PCs/laptops to demo the software and show what it 's capable of !
At our table , objects created with flatfab will be on show , and I will be doing live demos of the software to show all of its capabilities .
Please contact us for the official artist sign up form if you wish to sell your artwork through us . We currently represent over 150 sales artists from across the globe .
OFFICIAL SIGNUP FORM HERE : www.travelingponymuseum.com/si…
Last Updated June 12 2018
Membership All Deviants
Everyone is allowed to suggest favorites to us ! If we like the piece you suggest , we may request it into the group gallery .
Members
Anyone can become a member . Memberships are automatically approved .
Pieces for consideration should be suggested to favorites . Members have a separate folder than the general rabble .
Contributors
Contributors are those who consistently and actively contribute art to us , or who are invited to participate by Museum staff .
If you think you meet this requirement , send a request with at least one link to your work that is in the museum .
Blank membership requests will probably be denied .
Submissions to the Unverified Display Only folder are up for display consideration only . See note below for physical pieces !
If you 'd like us to consider selling your work , submit it to the Unverified TPM Store folder . It will be automatically approved . Commission rates need to have already been discussed , otherwise the default rate will apply * . See below for more details .
Submissions can also be made to Random Stuff and Museum Photos , subject to approval . Show off the pictures you took of our convention appearances !
Rules General
Since the Museum travels to conventions that are kid-friendly , all art must be appropriate for all ages .
Physical Art - Pieces that will be sent to us for display .
We do n't display images/photos of physical art , so plans must be in place for us to receive your piece ( s ) before you submit images of them to the gallery . If plans are not in place , and are not made in a reasonable amount of time , we reserve the right to remove the images from the gallery .
Generally , only one deviation per item is allowed , so make a collage !
Once your piece has arrived safely , we will move the image to the Featured folder !
Artwork - Images that will be printed by us for display .
Images should be of displayable quality . This means : finalized art with good colors and no watermarks . Your signature , or a small logo are fine .
By submitting artwork to the Display Only folder , you are authorizing us to print a single copy for display in the Museum . It will not be sold or given away without your express permission . It is also probable that we will want to include artwork in thumb-nail size for flyers and promotional material . You will be credited in these of course !
By submitting artwork to the TPM Store folder , you are authorizing us to sell high quality copies of your artwork at conventions and other physical events , as well as print a copy for the Museum display . No web sales will be made without prior authorization . You will receive the agreed-upon commission per print sold . Unless specified , we assume perpetual print rights , but you can withdraw pieces at any time . Just send us a note stating which .
If the dA image is not of sufficient resolution , is watermarked or otherwise unprintable , you will be contacted if we decide to print your piece . If you can not ( or refuse to ) provide a higher resolution , we reserve the right to remove the image from the gallery .
Once your artwork has been printed , we will move the image to the Featured folder !
Folders Featured contains images that are verified to be in the museum . Images will be moved here once they have been printed or received and will not be deleted .
Unverified Display Only is a submission folder for Contributors . Images here are authorized for the Museum to use , but have not yet been decided upon . If it is decided that we do not wish to feature an image , it will be removed .
Unverified TPM Store is a submission folder for Contributors . Images here are authorized for the Museum to sell , but have not yet been decided upon . If it is decided that we do not wish to feature an image , it will be removed .
Museum Photos contains images of the museum at various conventions . Check out how your art will be displayed ! Contributors can submit to this folder .
Random Stuff has , well , random stuff . Maps , flyers , banners , swag , etc . are shown off here . Contributors can submit to this folder .
TPM Store has pieces that we are authorized to sell at the conventions we visit . You must be sales verified with us officially to become one of our sales artists . Contact us @ travelingponymuseum @ gmail.com for the signup form .
Retired Art contains the artwork that has run its course in the Museum . It has either been returned to the artist , or put in storage .
Favorites are where members and non-members should submit pieces for consideration . If we like something , we will request it into the group proper .
* In regard to sales , `` artist commission '' is defined as the percentage of profits we return to you , the original artist . Payment is done after every convention within 2 weeks through PayPal , or in-person at a convention . You will be contacted through dA , email , or in-person when a payment is ready to be made .
Effective 02-2017 : If you are unresponsive , payments will be held for at least 3 months , and you will be contacted at least once more . If you are still unresponsive 30 days after the warning message , you will forfeit the payment .
Tyke
Offline
Activity : 1229
Merit : 1000
LegendaryActivity : 1229Merit : 1000 Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book September 21 , 2014 , 10:34:29 AM
Last edit : October 04 , 2014 , 09:05:21 AM by Tyke # 1 CRYPTOCURRENCY `` THE ALT-ERNATIVE '' A BEGINNER 'S REFERENCE
( BOOK )
Facebook :
Twitter :
For a few months I have been writing a book aimed at introducing beginners to cryptocurrency . Since March 2014 , I have devoted much of my time towards researching a total of 41 coins ( including Bitcoin ) . This book will also have other pages which define cryptocurrency terminlogy in a non-technical manner . Besides these , factual tables , statistics and more will be included . At the moment ( 03/10/2014 ) I have completed 37 coin sections with the following still incomplete :
Feathercoin FTC
Franko FRK
Novacoin NVC
Peercoin PPC
Old Bitcointalk thread : https : //bitcointalk.org/index.php ? topic=483187.0
After the introduction , there are 20 sections based on the following topics :
a ) What is Cryptocurrency ?
b ) Why does Cryptocurrency exist ?
c ) Why are there so many `` alt '' coins ?
d ) Is Cryptocurrency money ?
e ) What is mining ?
f ) The Blockchain
g ) Proof of Work and Proof of Stake
h ) The Wallet Client
i ) The Block Time
j ) The Block Reward
k ) What is a Pre-mine ?
l ) Difficulty Re-targeting
m ) Scrypt , SHA-256 and others
n ) What is a 51 % attack ?
o ) Community
p ) Exchanges
q ) Coin Developers
r ) Purchasing Cryptocurrency
s ) Advertising/Marketing
t ) Anonymity
These wo n't necessarily be it the above order
Here is a list of all the coins that feature with the associated wallet address for anyone who would like to donate towards publication :
Anoncoin : AVeZWZhcirLsAMokib4xW1K3gp3cEEGrRd
Auroracoin : AWxnGDZRGfocA2DavHwdBkBkskSEk4XfdN
Bitcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Blackcoin : BPNq8NC4BRvyKnaz6SQKHwXq2yz6Cbcrpc
Britcoin : B7CjPTjNiAqu8ssVYXvTX9RUkjo8U8JgU3
Colossuscoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Cryptogenic Bullion : 5o6x2zFPxJJ8YLJS5jCMVr7GHvpNMfPFV3
Diamond : dU8K16XNB8ag1bvN5p4vmc63tEWqobtU4C
Digibyte : D8FwazAemow92sytzsynouaJWPXDZ9q6zq
Digitalcoin : DL9Qmj4D22zYApUWq4jkeAKsF9pLBrbmAH
Darkcoin : XdoMpS6wX63TVBma9EG53PG2VJnMnSPJ3d
Dogecoin : DFUtWBobuunHixutMQg6RC4VgyxbCjsKFy
Fastcoin : fzhZfh6n4jdt1mT99DsLqVrMvUriKWgoi8
Feathercoin : 6zchh7YiHZCjjUhbh3dwjnMSbFaZ8PbHTj
Fedoracoin : EbjEBNmAX551trBgP9vJeEj9msohjcuvKd
Franko : F6C49xF2xfqZUGQDNwD39BYv25BikqLHio
Goldcoin : DyAaaLrZLbC3i8FjLjQtqWYWQtk4ZL2izA
Hobonickels : Exe8wnqtA6y9kd1nrRg6Jx65NRZZ3btPWu
Infinitecoin : iHyNV7FhoT544qiwrVXgw65fa6aoJgK6dG
Kittehcoin : KPqpp9vKhj32q5vWrVLinnrUs2uB9Nakvx
Leafcoin : fNcLkTKh45PaT7jpp7LJUEo7ooUQL5ceT2
Litecoin : LXasFmEHwvfyvb1DAYmtPXKEuGi6csEatS
Lottocoin : Ly8V89bHwfCV93grsJamZoEseQwqpKykXz
Maxcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Mazacoin : MNKwkKX6y3eMwZssJndJmD5bnbhJbKo7oo
Megacoin : MJcK6bf7UuD8ZGkWZxKk8UgTWHcmFHVfAz
Mintcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Mooncoin : 2THQ74iskgoTXSWEEZZ9R1tkFa9575aDhu
Novacoin : 4Jwe9irSWiJ3sQMLxVApX6pYhffndxsE1E
Nxt : 14081530087791934508
Peercoin : PPdMapGc4uBxUafofpvbgwqWgPWRfxW9FK
Primecoin : AJjzXu6SDSH7oS2uM6NfJmHE8qyx5CJ2ts
Quark : QQphDV4qXWcZzSib5GEzLP4LhBpyf8mYBU
Qubit : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Reddcoin : RcKcF8LcaHiCNr3yhPawaVJ4JujUX8426s
SaturncoinV2 : ScdXipVvcXCuZFbEr496U2J75oyjcb1ZWk
Tagcoin : TYKjp2dqVUybyQSRL2VNXN3nquWgsf4LtS
Topcoin2 : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9Trxjedajhk
Ultracoin : UeCnPrfaUJBRCi6125VpvCQJ3Mn8hvbbs1
Worldcoin : WR7btpVfet3e5ioLLNFRx4dzR5k4YDmXY8
Zetacoin : ZaSz7txCRL2KnzZmFQT7NZkNAL33Qj4ih8
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/pages/Cryptocurrency-The-Alt-ernative-A-Beginners-Reference/285429871619708 Twitter : https : //twitter.com/MrSilverCider For a few months I have been writing a book aimed at introducing beginners to cryptocurrency . Since March 2014 , I have devoted much of my time towards researching a total of 41 coins ( including Bitcoin ) . This book will also have other pages which define cryptocurrency terminlogy in a non-technical manner . Besides these , factual tables , statistics and more will be included . At the moment ( 03/10/2014 ) I have completed 37 coin sections with the following still incomplete : Feathercoin FTCFranko FRKNovacoin NVCPeercoin PPCAfter the introduction , there are 20 sections based on the following topics : a ) What is Cryptocurrency ? b ) Why does Cryptocurrency exist ? c ) Why are there so many `` alt '' coins ? d ) Is Cryptocurrency money ? e ) What is mining ? f ) The Blockchaing ) Proof of Work and Proof of Stakeh ) The Wallet Clienti ) The Block Timej ) The Block Rewardk ) What is a Pre-mine ? l ) Difficulty Re-targetingm ) Scrypt , SHA-256 and othersn ) What is a 51 % attack ? o ) Communityp ) Exchangesq ) Coin Developersr ) Purchasing Cryptocurrencys ) Advertising/Marketingt ) AnonymityThese wo n't necessarily be it the above orderHere is a list of all the coins that feature with the associated wallet address for anyone who would like to donate towards publication : Anoncoin : AVeZWZhcirLsAMokib4xW1K3gp3cEEGrRdAuroracoin : AWxnGDZRGfocA2DavHwdBkBkskSEk4XfdNBitcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkBlackcoin : BPNq8NC4BRvyKnaz6SQKHwXq2yz6CbcrpcBritcoin : B7CjPTjNiAqu8ssVYXvTX9RUkjo8U8JgU3Colossuscoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkCryptogenic Bullion : 5o6x2zFPxJJ8YLJS5jCMVr7GHvpNMfPFV3Diamond : dU8K16XNB8ag1bvN5p4vmc63tEWqobtU4CDigibyte : D8FwazAemow92sytzsynouaJWPXDZ9q6zqDigitalcoin : DL9Qmj4D22zYApUWq4jkeAKsF9pLBrbmAHDarkcoin : XdoMpS6wX63TVBma9EG53PG2VJnMnSPJ3dDogecoin : DFUtWBobuunHixutMQg6RC4VgyxbCjsKFyFastcoin : fzhZfh6n4jdt1mT99DsLqVrMvUriKWgoi8Feathercoin : 6zchh7YiHZCjjUhbh3dwjnMSbFaZ8PbHTjFedoracoin : EbjEBNmAX551trBgP9vJeEj9msohjcuvKdFranko : F6C49xF2xfqZUGQDNwD39BYv25BikqLHioGoldcoin : DyAaaLrZLbC3i8FjLjQtqWYWQtk4ZL2izAHobonickels : Exe8wnqtA6y9kd1nrRg6Jx65NRZZ3btPWuInfinitecoin : iHyNV7FhoT544qiwrVXgw65fa6aoJgK6dGKittehcoin : KPqpp9vKhj32q5vWrVLinnrUs2uB9NakvxLeafcoin : fNcLkTKh45PaT7jpp7LJUEo7ooUQL5ceT2Litecoin : LXasFmEHwvfyvb1DAYmtPXKEuGi6csEatSLottocoin : Ly8V89bHwfCV93grsJamZoEseQwqpKykXzMaxcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkMazacoin : MNKwkKX6y3eMwZssJndJmD5bnbhJbKo7ooMegacoin : MJcK6bf7UuD8ZGkWZxKk8UgTWHcmFHVfAzMintcoin : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkMooncoin : 2THQ74iskgoTXSWEEZZ9R1tkFa9575aDhuNovacoin : 4Jwe9irSWiJ3sQMLxVApX6pYhffndxsE1ENxt : 14081530087791934508Peercoin : PPdMapGc4uBxUafofpvbgwqWgPWRfxW9FKPrimecoin : AJjzXu6SDSH7oS2uM6NfJmHE8qyx5CJ2tsQuark : QQphDV4qXWcZzSib5GEzLP4LhBpyf8mYBUQubit : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkReddcoin : RcKcF8LcaHiCNr3yhPawaVJ4JujUX8426sSaturncoinV2 : ScdXipVvcXCuZFbEr496U2J75oyjcb1ZWkTagcoin : TYKjp2dqVUybyQSRL2VNXN3nquWgsf4LtSTopcoin2 : 1DXSGWvvK4tcHLzF3iXr8AG9TrxjedajhkUltracoin : UeCnPrfaUJBRCi6125VpvCQJ3Mn8hvbbs1Worldcoin : WR7btpVfet3e5ioLLNFRx4dzR5k4YDmXY8Zetacoin : ZaSz7txCRL2KnzZmFQT7NZkNAL33Qj4ih8
batesresearch
Offline
Activity : 1834
Merit : 1058
LegendaryActivity : 1834Merit : 1058 Re : Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book September 21 , 2014 , 02:33:20 PM # 3 Can I ask where you are based . I myself am I creating a Crypto Guide , mainly focused on a few upcoming cryptos I am looking at delivering it free across the area I live in then through the UK via supermarkets / shops etc .
I like the look of your guide does it cover the fundamentals of mining , exchanges , wallet security etc ? Or is it just based on the cryptos themselves ? Fallen down the crypto rabbithole !
Tyke
Offline
Activity : 1229
Merit : 1000
LegendaryActivity : 1229Merit : 1000 Re : Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book September 22 , 2014 , 12:15:20 PM # 4 Quote from : batesresearch on September 21 , 2014 , 02:33:20 PM Can I ask where you are based . I myself am I creating a Crypto Guide , mainly focused on a few upcoming cryptos I am looking at delivering it free across the area I live in then through the UK via supermarkets / shops etc .
I like the look of your guide does it cover the fundamentals of mining , exchanges , wallet security etc ? Or is it just based on the cryptos themselves ?
I am based in the UK . It covers the basics of what mining is in a non-technical sense . It defines terms such as block reward , block time , mining algorithm and so on . Basically , it is just an introductory text for beginners with 41 coins included . I am based in the UK . It covers the basics of what mining is in a non-technical sense . It defines terms such as block reward , block time , mining algorithm and so on . Basically , it is just an introductory text for beginners with 41 coins included .
Tyke
Offline
Activity : 1229
Merit : 1000
LegendaryActivity : 1229Merit : 1000 Re : Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book September 30 , 2014 , 08:54:25 PM # 6
a ) What is Cryptocurrency ?
b ) Why does Cryptocurrency exist ?
c ) Why are there so many `` alt '' coins ?
d ) Is Cryptocurrency money ?
e ) What is mining ?
f ) The Blockchain
g ) Proof of Work and Proof of Stake
h ) The Wallet Client
i ) The Block Time
j ) The Block Reward
k ) What is a Pre-mine ?
l ) Difficulty Re-targeting
m ) Scrypt , SHA-256 and others
n ) What is a 51 % attack ?
o ) Community
p ) Exchanges
q ) Coin Developers
r ) Purchasing Cryptocurrency
s ) Advertising/Marketing
t ) Anonymity
These wo n't necessarily be it the above order After the introduction , there are 20 sections based on the following topics : These wo n't necessarily be it the above order
digitalindustry
Offline
Activity : 798
Merit : 1000
wubba lubba dub dub
Hero MemberActivity : 798Merit : 1000wubba lubba dub dub Re : Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book October 01 , 2014 , 05:44:45 AM # 7
also I can give you a better logo - follow these they are hosted on Imjur and are png so should scale ok .
It looks good where can I read our page on Quark ? also I can give you a better logo - follow these they are hosted on Imjur and are png so should scale ok .
- https : //voat.co/v/Contact/
- Twitter @ Kolin_Quark tiny rick ! - Twitter @ Kolin_Quark
digitalindustry
Offline
Activity : 798
Merit : 1000
wubba lubba dub dub
Hero MemberActivity : 798Merit : 1000wubba lubba dub dub Re : Cryptocurrency `` The Alt-ernative '' A Beginners Reference Book October 01 , 2014 , 06:06:56 AM # 9 Can i suggest for the cover colour say `` gun metal grey '' ( or like ) instead of bright red ?
colour matters to humans , so red says -
`` i 'm really desperate for you to buy me I 'm in a $ 2 shop ''
and Grey says :
`` this is a book with information in it ''
try it out and display the results .
- https : //voat.co/v/Contact/
- Twitter @ Kolin_Quark tiny rick ! - Twitter @ Kolin_Quark
Why Software Development Methodologies Suck
Published 01 August 2012
Translations : 中文 | 한국말
There 's a lot of dogma in the religious wars around software development practices and methodologies . Are phase-gate methodologies effective at managing the risk of software development , or just risk management kabuki ? Does TDD really make for higher quality software ? Is pair programming a superior replacement for code review or just a way to inflate consulting rates ? I 'm going to argue that while scientific evidence to decide these claims is lacking , there are two general principles which can help us choose good practices while at the same time improving the value of the software we deliver : reduce cycle time and increase feedback .
Michael Feathers makes the following observation :
I think that , in the end , we just have to accept that developer skill is a far more significant variable than language choice or methodological nuances1 . Frankly , I think we all know that , but we seem to suffer from the delusion that they are the primary knobs to tweak . Maybe it 's an extension of the deeply held view that from an economic viewpoint , it would be ideal if people were interchangeable .
The problem is , how do we get skilled developers ? Since the concept of individual productivity in IT has never been satisfactorily defined , this is a particularly hard problem to solve . Lines of code - still a popular measure - suffers from the devastating flaw that a line of code is a liability , not an asset as is often thought . Measuring number of hours worked encourages heroic behavior - but experience shows that the “ heroes ” are usually the same people that cause projects to become late through taking unacceptable risks early on , and working long hours makes people stupid and leads to poor quality software . There is still no generally accepted set of professional standards or chartering system for IT professionals , and recruiting good people is very much an art rather than a science .
Psychologists have at least addressed the problem of why it is so difficult to acquire and measure skill in IT . As Daniel Kahneman says in Thinking Fast and Slow , there are `` two basic conditions for acquiring a skill : an environment that is sufficiently regular to be predictable ; [ and ] an opportunity to learn these regularities through prolonged practice . ''
But traditional software projects are the opposite of a regular , predictable environment . The only good measure of success of a project - did the end result create the expected value over its lifetime ? - is so distant from the critical decisions that caused that success or failure that it 's rare for anybody from the original team even to be present to get the feedback . It 's practically impossible to determine which of those decisions led to success or failure ( in artificial intelligence , this is known as the credit-assignment problem ) .
These factors make it very hard for IT professionals to acquire the skills that lead to successful products and services . Instead , developers acquire the skills that allow them to most efficiently reach the goals they are incentivized by - usually declaring their work “ dev complete ” as rapidly as possible irrespective of whether the functionality is integrated and production-ready - and similar problems arise in other functional areas too .
The fact that software projects are complex systems rather than regular environments leads to another problem - the extreme difficulty of gathering data on which techniques , practices , and methodologies are actually effective , and the near impossibility of generalizing this data outside the context in which it was gathered .
In his excellent book The Leprechauns of Software Engineering Laurent Bossavit executes a devastating attack on software development folklore such as the `` cost of change '' ( or `` cost of defects '' ) `` curve '' , the claim that the variance in developer productivity is an order of magnitude , the idea of the cone of certainty , and many other cornerstones of methodological lore in software development . He shows that these theories - and many others - depend on very small sets of data that are gathered either from informal experiments run on computer science students , or projects which can not possibly have been effectively controlled . The organization of the studies that form the basis of these claims is often methodologically unsound , the data poorly analyzed , and - most egregiously - the findings generalized well beyond their domain of applicability2 .
As a result , it 's not possible to take seriously any of the general claims as to whether agile development practices are better than waterfall ones , or vice-versa . The intuitions of “ thought leaders ” are also a poor guide . As Kahneman says , “ The confidence that people have in their intuitions is not a reliable guide to their validity ... when evaluating expert intuition you should always consider whether there was an adequate opportunity to learn the cues , even in a regular environment. ” As Ben Butler-Cole points out in his companion post , `` why software development methodologies rock '' , the very act of introducing a new methodology can generate some of the results the adopters of the methodology intend to bring about .
You might think that puts us in an impossible position when it comes to deciding how to run teams . But consider why software development is not a regular environment , and why it is so hard to run experiments , to acquire skills , and to measure which practices and decisions lead to success , and which to failure . The root cause in all these cases - the reason the environment is not regular - is that the feedback loop between making a change and understanding the result of that change is too long . The word “ change ” here should be understood very generally to mean change in requirements , change in methodology , change in development practices , change in business plan , or code or configuration change .
There are many benefits to reducing cycle time - it 's one of the most important principles that emerges when we apply Lean Thinking to software development . Short cycle times are certainly essential for creating great products : as Bret Victor says in his mind-blowing video Inventing on Principle , `` so much of creation is discovery , and you ca n't discover anything if you ca n't see what you 're doing . ''
But for me this is the clincher : It 's virtually impossible for us to practice continuous improvement , to learn how to get better as teams or as individuals , and to acquire the skills that enable the successful creation of great products and services - unless we focus on getting that feedback loop as short as possible so we can actually detect correlations , and discern cause and effect .
In fact , the benefits of having a short cycle time from idea to feedback are so important that they should form one of the most important criteria for your business model . If you have to decide between creating your product as a user-installed package or software-as-a-service , this consideration should push you strongly in the direction of software-as-a-service ( I speak from experience here ) . If you 're building a system which involves hardware , work out how you can get prototypes out as quickly as possible , and how you can modularize both the hardware and the software so you can update them fast and independently . 3D printing is likely to make a huge impact in this area since it allows for the application of software development practices to the evolution of hardware systems . Working in cross-functional teams is more or less a requirement if you want to achieve a sufficiently short cycle time .
Software methodologies - even the “ hire a bunch of awesome people and let them self-organize ” methodology - suck because they so often lead to cargo-cult behaviour : we 're doing stand-ups , we have a prioritized backlog , we 're even practicing continuous integration for goodness ' sake - why is the stuff we make still shitty and late ? Because you forgot the most important thing : building an organization which learns and adapts as fast as possible .
1 Although as Laurent Bossavit points out ( private communication ) `` A developer 's skill is in part the method he/she knows and his/her reasons for preferring one language over another . ''
2 I am not suggesting that we give up on running experiments to learn more about what works and what does n't in software development , and the contexts in which such claims are valid - quite the contrary , I 'm saying we 're not trying nearly hard enough .
It was n't logical . It was n't fair . And it was n't justified . But for more than two years new Watford signing Miguel Layun was blamed by fans for everything that went wrong at his former club .
During his first two-and-a-half years at Mexico 's biggest team , Club America , he became the supporters ' scapegoat and was – along with his relations – targeted both on and off the pitch .
The personal campaign had little sense but seemingly plenty of spite and vindictiveness .
The 26-year-old was blamed for the team 's shortcomings even when he was n't playing . He was cautious in what he said to the press . He felt unable to go out for a meal in a restaurant . And he stopped his family and then girlfriend wearing their Club America Layun shirts . His life was severely compromised .
Layun told me last week that those first two-and-a-half years at Las Águilas ( The Eagles ) will undoubtedly be the most testing of his career .
But he believes they made him stronger , more confident and able to handle the rigours of life in the Championship .
And he hopes Hornets ' fans will take him to their heart – unlike those during his first two seasons with Club America .
“ After I arrived at America we had bad moments during the season and people started searching for someone who was responsible . That was me . I do n't know why but they said ‘ everything is Layun 's fault ' , ” he explained .
“ It was really bad . I asked my wife and my family not to wear my shirt at the stadium . If they did people would say something to them or throw something at them . It was very hard and I got upset and angry .
“ I started working with a psychologist to clear everything from my mind . I learned how to dream and to achieve those dreams .
`` So when I had the chance to come to Watford I said I would accept the challenge . I want to do good things with the team and become even stronger as a person and a player . ”
Eventually fans at Club America dropped their hostility . Layun 's performances forced them to do so .
And in 2013 the wing-back scored the winning penalty in a shoot-out to make the team Mexican champions .
“ I want people to see if they work , dream and believe in yourself you can achieve great things , ” he said .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Layun said one of his earliest aims is to win the confidence of Watford supporters – even in the toughest conditions .
It was certainly an-eye opener during his debut when he faced the pitiless winter weather in the less than balmy Huddersfield .
Layun said : “ The weather conditions were pretty hard . It was too windy . There was snow . Everything was new to me . In Mexico we 're just not used to that . But if I had played in an easy game it would n't have been good because I need to get used to the real Championship .
“ Getting on the pitch with just one week 's training was pretty exciting to me . It means the club has the confidence in me and the things I do . I need to get used to the weather and the style of the Championship because it is very intense . The only way I can do that is by playing games . ”
Off the pitch it seems Layun has quickly settled . He has been joined in England by his wife , although she will return to Mexico in two-and-a-half months to give birth to their son .
Layun speaks good English as he demonstrated throughout our engaging conversation . He is instantly likeable , seems humble yet self-assured and answered every question honestly .
On the pitch Layun is demonstrating his versatility . He made his home debut against Charlton Athletic in the unfamiliar role of central midfield on Saturday and produced an industrious performance .
The Vicarage Road faithful were impressed . But Mexico 's manager Miguel Herrera is n't . He has called Layun 's move to Watford a mistake . “ It really is n't a good decision , ” he has said .
But the Mexican international is in no doubt he has made the right choice .
“ In Mexico there were many teams linked with me , ” he said . “ There was Besiktas in Turkey and Inter Milan and Cagliari in Italy .
“ So I was supposed to have a lot of chances to come to Europe . But the only opportunity I had on my hands was Watford .
“ There are moments when you just have to decide and if you take too long those moments disappear .
“ I did n't want to miss this chance . So I took it . I know now I am here that Watford is a great football club . So I am happy with my decision . ”
Layun 's move from Mexico to Watford came via Spanish side Granada . The wideman joined the fellow Pozzo-owed club in December and it was then announced he would spend the remainder of this season on loan with the Hornets .
However , when the deal was completed , the Golden Boys confirmed Layun had signed a four-and-a-half year permanent contract .
“ It was explained to me that they would buy me for Granada but I would be here at Watford on loan , ” he said .
“ After I arrived here in England they asked me if it would be a problem to sign permanently . I told them no because I have settled here and I want to get promotion . ”
But before he completed the move he sought advice from international colleagues Javier Hernandez and Giovani Dos Santos . Both have played in the Premier League , with Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur respectively .
“ I spoke with Giovani but more with Javier , ” Layun said . “ I asked Chicharito ( Hernandez ) about England and what it was like . He told me very good things .
“ He said it was very hard and tough , everything I saw on my debut were the same things he told me . But after I spoke to him I got very excited to play in England . ”
Layun 's ambition is to help Watford reach the Premier League but his desire to play in a top flight European division is nothing new .
In the summer of 2009 he joined Italian club Atlanta – then competing in Serie A – from Veracruz .
He became the first Mexican to play in the division but made just two appearances for the club . He returned to his homeland with Club America , initially on loan , six months later . The move was made permanent the following summer .
Despite his short-lived career in Italy , Layun does not regret signing with Atlanta . He explained : “ Going to Italy was very hard . I was 21 and did n't have the experience I have now . Things at that moment at Atlanta were n't too good . We lost the first four games and then the coach was sacked .
“ Things became very hard for everyone and I decided to move back to Mexico because I wanted to play in the World Cup in 2010 . ”
He continued : “ The only things you have when you retire are the things you have achieved and how you have impressed people .
“ I do n't just want rare achievements . I want to play as well as I can and give everything I can in every game . I want people to see me play and believe they have a chance to become a footballer .
“ When I was in Italy people looked at me and asked ‘ Who is Miguel Layun ? Why is he playing in Serie A ? ' “ I am pleased to have my name in the statistics as the first Mexican player ( in Serie A ) but it does n't change anything to me . I always want to be better . I want to leave a good impression . ”
Layun ultimately failed to make the Mexican World Cup squad in 2010 . However , four years later he achieved his goal .
He was part of the Mexico side which impressed at last summer 's tournament in Brazil . Layun played in all four of his country 's matches before they were knocked out by Holland in the last 16 .
“ One of the greatest feelings I 've had was in Brazil , ” Layun said . “ The World Cup is the big dream for every footballer .
“ So to play there against the best players was unbelievable . It made me feel that I can play against the best players in the world every weekend . ”
One word that keeps cropping up in conversation with Layun is “ dreams ” . He held on to them during the worst times at Club America . He learnt that they can be achieved through hard graft and commitment .
Most importantly for Watford supporters he wants to achieve his Premier League dream with the Hornets .
And if he helps the Golden Boys reach the top flight , his wife will be joined by countless Hornets fans in wearing their Layun shirt with pride .
Watford refused to confirm whether they paid a transfer fee to sister-club Granada for Miguel Layun .
The 26-year-old was expected to join the Spanish club and then be loaned to the Hornets but ended up signing a four-and-a-half-year contract with the English side , via Granada , at the start of this month .
The Watford Observer asked the Golden Boys if they paid Granada a transfer fee for the Mexico international and if it was the same sum the Spanish team paid Layun 's former side Club America .
Watford said they were not prepared to discuss transfer deals and the details “ will always remain confidential ” .
Author Of 'Bridge To Terabithia ' : Messages Are Poison To Fiction
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Dial Books Courtesy of Dial Books
Katherine Paterson is the winner of two Newbery Medals and two National Book Awards . Her best-sellers include The Great Gilly Hopkins , Jacob Have I Loved , and her most famous book , Bridge to Terabithia .
Paterson was born in China to missionary parents . She tells NPR 's Arun Rath that she had an idyllic childhood until about the age of 5 , when Japan invaded China . `` Those years were very scary years , '' she says .
Before she began writing , Paterson was herself a missionary — and traveled to Japan , a country that , as a child , she 'd seen as the enemy . In her memoir , Stories of My Life , she writes about that decision , as well as her relationship with her parents and the traumatic event that led to the story in Bridge to Terabithia .
Interview Highlights
On living in Japan as a missionary
I , of course , really , truly longed to go back to China , and because I 'm of a missionary background and because I 've not just inherited my parent 's faith but I have my own faith . I had a Japanese friend in seminary and she suggested I go to Japan , which was a little bit horrifying for me because my memory of the Japanese was pretty scary . And she said , `` Well , if you give the Japanese people a chance I think you 'll get to love them . ''
And what I learned in those four years I spent in Japan was how wonderful it is to be loved by people you thought you hated . I thought maybe everybody in the world needs to have that experience , to be loved by someone they thought they hated .
On whether her books have a message
I try very hard to stay away from the word `` message , '' because I think it 's poison in fiction . I think you tell your story and then the reader gets to decide what he or she will learn from your story . And if they do n't want to learn anything from it , that 's their choice .
On the girl who inspired the character of Leslie Burke
Lisa Hill , who was my son David 's best friend when they were in the second grade , was in many ways like I picture Leslie Burke . Lisa was only 8 when she died ; actually , she was struck by lightning . So there were certainly similarities — she was bright and she was funny and she was athletic and she was a wonderful kid . And it broke all of our hearts when she died . ...
The only way I could keep her alive was not to write that chapter . As I tell in the book , going to a friend 's house and the friend says , `` How 's your book coming ? '' And I just blurted out that I was writing a story about a friendship between a boy and a girl , and the girl was going to die , but I could n't let her die . And so I said to [ the friend ] , `` I think I just ca n't face Lisa 's death again . ''
Well , [ she ] knew very well that I , in that same year , had been operated on for cancer . And she said , `` I do n't think it 's Leslie 's death you ca n't face . I think it 's yours . '' And I realized she was absolutely right . And if that was true , then I would have to go home and finish the book because I would have to face my own death .
It was a great , freeing thing for me , to face that death and then to move on .
On censorship and backlash against Bridge to Terabithia
You love your own book — I certainly love my books — and it 's like somebody attacks your child , initially . But then , the more you write the more you realize that if a book has any power , it also has the power to offend , and there were many people offended by this book . And I 'm sorry , because I do n't like to offend people , but I know it was a story that I had to tell , and I had to tell it in the way I told it .
So , I ca n't apologize for it . I can feel sad that it was hard for them .
Trump Chief Of Staff Priebus Is Out — In Biggest White House Staff Shake-Up Yet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 8 p.m . ET
He rose from relative state-party obscurity and reached an unlikely pinnacle as the man responsible for the agenda of the president of the United States .
Now , Reince Priebus is out of that job as White House chief of staff in the most significant shake-up of the rocky Trump presidency .
President Trump announced on Twitter on Friday that Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly has been named to replace Priebus , who says he resigned Thursday .
Priebus issued a statement Friday evening :
`` It has been one of the greatest honors of my life to serve this President and our country . I want to thank the President for giving me this very special opportunity . I will continue to serve as a strong supporter of the President 's agenda and policies . I ca n't think of a better person than General John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God 's blessings and great success . ''
As chairman of the Republican National Committee during the 2016 presidential campaign , Priebus ' team supplanted a thin Trump campaign with money and staff to help Trump win the presidency . That brought Trump and Priebus close , but it was never a natural fit — the mild-mannered , careful former Wisconsin Republican Party leader with the Midwestern accent , once critically described as the `` nebbish 's nebbish , '' and the flashy , cavalier New York billionaire .
Priebus ' exit indicates the full decline in the White House of the RNC-led Washington contingent . Priebus was the last of the high-profile RNC staffers to exit the West Wing . Months ago , Priebus ' deputy , Katie Walsh — a former RNC chief of staff , who was accused of being a leaker by rivals inside the White House — left to work on a PAC supporting Trump . Then it was Sean Spicer , the beleaguered press secretary doubling as communications director , who left the day Trump brought on board New York financier Anthony Scaramucci as the new communications director .
Priebus ' tenure lasted just seven months , an unusually short stint for a president 's first chief of staff .
Priebus and `` The Mooch ''
Despite lauding Priebus in his first appearance in the White House briefing room , Scaramucci days later revealed simmering tensions with the then-chief of staff . Those tensions burst wide open into public view Thursday when it was revealed that Scaramucci , who refers to himself as `` The Mooch , '' called a reporter and unloaded on Priebus .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
`` Reince is ... a paranoiac , '' Scaramucci told The New Yorker 's Ryan Lizza . Scaramucci was annoyed , thinking his financial disclosure was leaked to the media . It turns out that a Politico reporter obtained it through a public-information request .
Fearful of an unscheduled meeting or phone call or even a rogue tweet at the thumbs of the president , Priebus made a point of keeping close to Trump 's side . But there were signs that Priebus was , at times , out of the loop , like when Trump decided to hire Scaramucci . Both Priebus and senior adviser Steve Bannon reportedly objected strenuously to the move . Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters Friday that Priebus ' departure had nothing to do with Scaramucci . She also said the conversation between Priebus and the president began `` about two weeks ago . ''
The fact that Priebus is the one who is out certainly lends credence to the idea that the New York contingent , which believes in letting Trump be Trump , is ascendant in the White House .
Embracing the tornado
As chairman of the RNC , Priebus had the unenviable role of trying to keep the roof on the Republican Party house with Trump , an outsider tornado , spiraling toward it .
Priebus tried to contain the tornado , getting Trump to agree to a pledge not to run as third party candidate if he lost the Republican nomination . But the tornado of Trump only got stronger , and no amount of plywood and nails would keep the house in order .
Instead , Priebus opened the doors and arguably did more than anyone else in the party to embrace the coming force .
That did n't mean he was n't critical .
`` No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner . Ever , '' Priebus said in October when an Access Hollywood video was revealed . On it , Trump was caught on tape bragging about grabbing women `` by the p * * * * , '' because `` when you 're a star , they let you do anything . ''
But Priebus had to temper his criticisms throughout the campaign so he did n't suffer Trump 's wrath — and the party did n't implode . During the general election campaign , Priebus ' RNC wound up supplementing Trump 's skeleton campaign with millions of dollars in resources and hundreds of field workers in key states .
Loss of an ally
Priebus eventually won over Trump . Perhaps it was a calculated decision to get support from someone with ties to a crucial state . Trump needed Priebus , a member of the so-called `` Cheesehead Mafia . '' Priebus is close with House Speaker Paul Ryan , a fellow Wisconsinite . ( Ryan is actually Priebus ' congressman . )
On Thursday , Ryan had praised Priebus for doing `` a fantastic job '' as White House chief of staff . `` I believe he has the president 's confidence , '' Ryan told reporters . After news of Priebus ' exit , Ryan said his friend `` has left it all out on the field , for our party and our country . ''
Why make an enemy of Priebus , when he could be a critical ally as Trump tried to get his agenda passed ? But the wheels have been anything but greased . Priebus ' exit comes a day after Republicans ' health care efforts were sunk in Congress , at least for now .
A tax overhaul has n't materialized , despite pledges of addressing it by the summer . And a conversation on infrastructure is only talk of the future .
A chief of staff traditionally is the gatekeeper for the president , but despite his best efforts , Priebus struggled to be that .
Trump has ruffled feathers with off-message tweets , his handling of the Russia investigation , the firing James Comey as FBI director ( arguably his most high-profile political miscue ) and his public shaming of Attorney General Jeff Sessions , which has turned many congressional Republicans on the president .
Priebus , though , is `` always going to be a Trump fan , '' he told CNN Friday night . `` Change is good . He wanted to go in a different direction . ''
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The number of people arrested in Britain on suspicion of terrorism offences rocketed by 68 percent in the last year to the highest figure on record during a period when the country suffered four deadly attacks , figures showed on Thursday .
Two mounted police officers ride past the Houses of Parliament , following the attack in Westminster earlier in the week , in London , Britain March 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls - LR1ED3P0URJBQ
Statistics from the Home Office ( interior ministry ) showed there were 379 arrests in the year to June , up from 226 from the 12 previous months , and the most since 2001 when the data began to be collected .
Britain is on its second-highest threat level , “ severe ” , meaning an attack is highly likely and 36 people were killed in terrorist incidents in the first six months of 2017 .
Among the arrests , 12 came after an attack in March on London 's Westminster Bridge when a man drove a car into pedestrians killing four , before he stabbed a policeman to death outside parliament .
Another 23 followed a suicide bombing at a pop concert in Manchester in May , and the following month police arrested 21 suspects after three Islamist militants drove into pedestrians on London Bridge before stabbing people at nearby restaurants and bars , killing eight .
One arrest followed an attack in north London when a van was driven into worshippers near a mosque which left one man dead .
Britain 's most senior counter-terrorism officer Mark Rowley has said police have been arresting a suspect every day . He said this week that there had been a shift in the threat level rather than an isolated spike .
In the three years until March this year , police foiled 13 potential attacks but in the next 17 weeks , there were the four attacks while the authorities thwarted six others , Rowley said .
“ The pace has continued to be almost as challenging since then , ” he told a conference in Israel .
The official figures showed that among the 379 arrests , 123 people were charged with an offence , of which 105 were terrorism-related , while 189 were released without charge .
HOLLYWOOD , Fla. - Hollywood police have arrested a woman in connection with a Home Depot shoplifting incident in which a loss prevention officer was threatened with a gun .
The incident was reported June 6 at the Home Depot at 3401 Oakwood Blvd .
Police said Jeana Maria Dubois , 26 , and an unknown man attempted to steal about $ 290 worth of motion sensor lights .
As they passed the cash registers with the stolen items , a loss prevention officer attempted to stop them , police said .
The man ran off and Dubois , according to police , pulled out a handgun and told the employee to `` back off '' or she would shoot him in the face .
Police said she ran into the parking lot and the duo left in a black Lincoln SUV .
Detectives said tips made to Crime Stoppers helped them track down Dubois , who was arrested Wednesday on charges of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and armed robbery .
Anyone with information about the man 's identity is asked to call Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS .
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Stephen Lendman
Activist Post
It 's no surprise . Michael Parenti calls America 's High Court its “ autocratic branch . ”
It 's notoriously pro-business . It 's longstanding . In Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railway ( 1886 ) , it granted corporations legal personhood .
More recently , in Wal-Mart Stores , Inc. v. Dukes et al ( June 2011 ) , it denied longstanding sexual discrimination class action redress . It overruled a Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision doing so .
In AT & T Mobility v. Concepcion ( April 2011 ) , it did so two months earlier . It blocked class action redress claiming fraud . The company 's wireless subsidiary charged sales tax on cellphones it advertised as free . Two California courts rules for plaintiffs . The High Court overruled them .
In Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , the Supreme Court ruled for money power over democratic governance . One dollar = one vote .
Corporations and PACs can spend all they want . Doing so more than ever lets them control US elections . Voters are effectively disenfranchised . They have no say whatever .
Numerous other rulings show America 's High Court is supremely pro-business . The Roberts Court is more so than previous ones . Even The New York Times noticed .
On May 4 , it headlined “ Corporations Find a Friend in the Supreme Court. ” It rejected an anti-trust class action suit against Comcast . Subscribers sought to prove unfair competition and overcharges . Wrongdoing was dismissed 5 – 4 . It did n't surprise . It 's consistently pro-business . Doing so facilitates corporate empowerment , discriminatory practices , willful fraud , and products harming human health .
Bowman v. Monsanto again showed where America 's High Court stands . Justice again was denied . Corporate interests alone matter . In 2007 , Monsanto sued Vernon Bowman . He 's an Indiana farmer . At issue was alleged patent infringement .
He bought mixed soybean seeds . He did so from a grain elevator . He planted them a second time . He supplemented them with soybeans bought from the same source .
Monsanto 's licensing agreement forbids second plantings . It wants seeds sold used only once . It wants farmers to pay each time they plant .
Bowman claimed no patent infringement . It expired on what he first bought . He supplemented with commodity soybeans . They 're usually used for feed .
He said they naturally “ self-replicate or sprout unless stored in a controlled manner. ” In other words , he planted soybeans , not new seeds . He violated no law .
Justice Elena Kagan delivered the court opinion . She did n't surprise . She and other justices spurn judicial fairness . They do so in defense of privilege . She rejected what she called “ that blame-the-bean defense . ”
Bowman had no chance . He was no match against Monsanto . He was ordered to pay nearly $ 85,000 in damages . He 's a small farmer . Doing so may bankrupt him . Longstanding agribusiness plans call for greater consolidation at the expense of small competitors .
Bowman lost at the district , appellate and High Court levels . They ruled one way . They claimed patent exhaustion does n't permit farmers to replant seeds and harvest them without patent holder 's permission .
Generic drug companies freely do it . The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act permits it . Once patents expire , holders no longer have exclusive rights .
In 2014 , the last of Monsanto 's Roundup Ready US patents will expire . Monsanto 's supposed to lose exclusivity . At issue is will or wo n't it happen ?
Expect Monsanto to press hard to keep it . Earlier it said it wants international regulatory Roundup Ready soybeans support until 2021 . It 's unclear if other companies will be able to sell generic versions . Monsanto wo n't make it easy to do so .
On May 13 , Food Democracy Now ( FDN ) denounced the Supreme Court ruling . Executive director Dave Murphy accused Washington of complicity in permitting the “ corporate takeover of ( America 's ) food supply . ”
“ Today , ” he said , “ the Supreme Court unanimously affirmed the corporate takeover of our food supply , in a huge win for Monsanto , and a major loss for America 's farmers and consumers . ”
Monsanto has long engaged in an effort to subvert family farmers that do not use their genetically-engineered seeds , and the Court has now handed corporations even more control over what our families eat .
Currently , Food Democracy Now ! is a co-plaintiff in a lawsuit in the District Court of Appeals , Organic Seed Associations et Al . v Monsanto to protect America 's farmers from unwanted contamination of their crops by Monsanto 's patented genetically-engineered plants .
Our nation 's family farmers grow our food on farms where cross-pollination between organic , non-GMO crops and Monsanto 's genetically-engineered patented crops is regular and naturally-occurring process .
The Court 's decision to give Monsanto the power to control the future harvest of America 's family farmers and our county 's food supply is deeply troubling , immoral and a very bad sign for the future of our nation 's food .
In March 2013 , Obama signed the Monsanto Protection Act.It 's the Farmer Assurance Provision rider in HR 933 : Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act , 2013 . Monsanto lawyers wrote it .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
It permits circumventing judicial decisions . If courts rule GMOs unsafe , Monsanto 's free to ignore them . So can the Secretary of Agriculture .
He 's free to ignore food safety . He can let hazardous GMOs poison America 's food supply . Obama 's complicit with giant corporate interests . He 's their man in Washington . He 's beholden to monied interests . They own him .
He 's waging global hot wars . He 's enforcing homeland tyranny . He lets Wall Street wage financial wars . He permits institutionalized fraud . He let BP get away with contaminating America 's Gulf .
He has longstanding nuclear industry ties . He wants new US commercial reactor construction jump-started . He 's committing billions of dollars in loan guarantees to do so . He 's mindless of the risks .
He 's waging war on human health and welfare . Polls show over 90 % of America want GMO products and ingredients labeled .
In 2007 , candidate Obama promised to “ let folks know when their food is genetically modified , because Americans have a right to know what they 're buying . ”
He lied . He 's a serial liar . He broke every major promise made . He supports Monsanto 's right to proliferate what harms human health .
It 's no surprise . He 's waging global wars on humanity . It may not survive his onslaught .
A Final Comment
Throughout its history , Monsanto produced harmful products . Some eventually were banned . Its recombinant bovine growth hormone ( rBGH ) increased milk production in cows .
It caused painful mastitis , infections and reproductive problems . Large amounts of puss and blood were found in rBGH milk . Potential linkage to cancer was discovered .
EU nations and Canada banned it . It 's still sold in America . Monsanto lobby power permits it .
Monsanto 's polychlorinated biphenyl ( PCB ) was extremely toxic . It caused cancer and other diseases . Many products contained it . It was dumped in rivers and streams nationwide .
Harmful environmental damage followed . Concentrated areas created health crises . In 1976 , Congress banned it .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! Monsanto 's DDT inspired Rachel Carson 's Silent Spring . She exposed aldrin , chlordane , dieldrin , and other dangerously toxic chemicals She inspired environmental justice advocacy groups . America banned DDT . So did other countries . It 's still used in tropical countries . It 's done to control malaria . Monsanto 's legacy includes Agent Orange . It contains dioxin . It 's one of the most deadly substances known . It 's a potent carcinogenic human immune system suppressant . Minute amounts cause serious health problems and death . Exposure results in congenital disorders and birth defects . It causes cancer , type two diabetes , and numerous other diseases . Its widespread Southeast Asian use produced horrific consequences . Millions were affected . Many died . Living victims still suffer . Many Vietnam vets and US citizens in theater were affected . Proliferating hazardous GMOs may be worst of all . Widespread food contamination poses enormous threats . Sanctioning Monsanto 's use makes Washington complicit . People have a right to know what they 're eating . Failure to prohibit substances harming human health violates the Constitution 's “ general welfare ” clause . Article I , Section 8 states : The Congress shall have power to provide for ( the ) general welfare of the United States . It means “ We the People. ” It includes everyone equitably . It means what never was , is n't now , or wo n't ever be under a system favoring privilege , not fairness . Washington 's corporate occupied territory . Profits matter more than human life and welfare . Bipartisan complicity ignores the “ general welfare. ” Things go from bad to worse . It 's longstanding . It 's the American way . RELATED ACTIVIST POST ARTICLE :
Activists Help Farmer Who Owes Over $ 80K After Losing Monsanto Patent Case Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at [ email protected ] His new book is titled How Wall Street Fleeces America : Privatized Banking , Government Collusion and Class War . Also visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com and listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon . All programs are archived for easy listening . http : //www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour/ var linkwithin_site_id = 557381 ; linkwithin_text='Related Articles : '
Do n't you want to go to the single largest collection of Microsoft Data Platform professionals and developers on the planet ? Sure you do .
PASS Summit 2017 is coming up . Now is the time to register for this unique event .
This year I 've been honored to be able to present a session at the PASS Summit . It 's on three subjects that are very near and dear to my heart , automation , PowerShell , and the Azure data platform . The session is called Using PowerShell to Automate Your Azure Databases . It covers a lot of material from controlling your Azure SQL Databases to creating Azure SQL Data Warehouse databases to automating maintenance . We 'll even get your Azure PowerShell installed & working locally . I 'm very excited about this and I sure hope to see you there .
Do n't forget , PASS Summit has the largest collection of the best international speakers presenting their best stuff . You get direct , personal , access to Microsoft engineers . You also have more opportunity to network with more of your peers than you can get at any other event . Summit is special . You need to go there to experience just how special .
So , please , follow this link right now and get registered . I 'd love the opportunity to meet with you .
Oh , and do n't forget that Redgate Software will be there too presenting all our latest tools to help you get your job done .
One more point . I know you will have to convince your boss to send you to training . Please read through this blog post . I think it 'll help .
Let 's get together and chat at PASS Summit .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
Email
× Expand Carolyn Fath Jeff Haupt , Mark Tauscher and Craig Bartlett have purchased Isthmus .
At first glance , the above headline appears to be straight out of The Onion . I should know -- I spent 15 years of my life working on America 's Finest News Source : 10 owning the rights to The Onion in Colorado and five for Onion Inc. here in Madison . But I assure you , the Red Card meal-plan organization and former Badgers and Green Bay Packers offensive tackle Mark Tauscher really are teaming up to buy Isthmus . We are excited about it and hope you will be too .
I used to be a news junkie . My morning ritual consisted of reading a few local and national publications , but that slowly changed as the `` news '' companies became more corporate , and journalists and investigative journalism were cut and replaced with someone listening to the local police blotter and reporting it . There 's more to the news than someone getting an eighth OWI .
In recent years , I 've been just as disgusted with the political climate : Citizens United , gerrymandering and other horrible ideas covered up with a lot of money and great marketing . Don Draper would be an even wealthier man in this environment . I do n't have the money to fight this evil marketing machine , but I think I did one better : I am ensuring that a local , independent news organization stays that way . Isthmus has never answered to out-of-town interests , a corporate overlord that pulls the strings ( sorry Mitch Henck ) or the personal interests of a wealthy few . And with this transition , a great newsman , and founder of Isthmus , has guaranteed it never will .
News is not the only reason I wanted to do this . I also love Madison . I went to school here in the early 1990s and then lived for 10 years in Boulder , Colo . Yes , I miss the mountains , but I will take the lakes , the sense of community , the public schools , the entertainment options , the Badgers and all the other things we love about this place . Isthmus will remain committed to keeping you informed of all the cool events , restaurants and nightlife .
But what about Red Card and Mark Tauscher ? Along with Craig Bartlett and Chris Winterhack , I started the Red Card in 2010 . We saw a need for parents to have a better way to fund their students ' dining needs while they attend school . Over the past four years we have grown to over 4,000 cardholders and 400,000 transactions per year . Last year we started wisgo.com to compete in the increasingly popular online food ordering business . If you are hungry , you should check it out .
In April 2011 we teamed up with UW Athletics to begin feeding the football , volleyball , hockey and basketball teams , and with the new changes to NCAA food regulations , we see an opportunity to help other universities feed their student athletes . In order to expand , we needed someone who knew a few things about college sports and had a few connections there . Thanks to a random run-in at a restaurant over lunch , we found Mark . Not only does he have the aforementioned skills , but he is also a news guy , doing commentary for the Packers and Badgers . You may see a bit more sports content in Isthmus in the coming months . Stay tuned .
That is our story . We hope our commitment to independent journalism and investigative reporting , and our love of all things Madison , will be clear as Isthmus begins this new chapter . Craig , Mark , and I are excited to join a dedicated professional staff , and we look forward to serving the community .
Alcatel 's new Windows phone , the IDOL 4S , offers high-end specs , a classy and thin form factor , and a reasonable price tag . But the selling point here , in some ways , is the bundled VR headset .
As you may have heard , Windows phone is n't doing so well these days . It accounts for under 1 percent of all smartphones sold , and the app situation is dire : No major new apps are appearing on the platform and even existing apps are quickly being discontinued .
So I 'm curious what the VR experience here is all about . After all , Android and iPhone users are treated to a wide variety of VR options , from dedicated platforms like Google Cardboard , Daydream VR , and Samsung Gear VR to legions of apps , and even VR videos on YouTube . What manner of content could Windows phone users expect to enjoy ?
I 'll get to that . But in the meantime , here are my initial impressions of the IDOL 4S . ( The Windows phone version of the IDOL 4S , that is : Alcatel previously sold this device with Android as well . )
Shocker , but it 's a nice phone . And it feels incredibly light and thin in my hands , much more so than the other recent smartphones—like the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel—that I 've used . It 's got a glass back , which I 'm not a fan of because of fingerprint issues . But it 's hard to argue with the materials for the most part : The edges are an aluminum-like metal and look exactly like most modern smartphones since the iPhone 6 first shipped , with the same antenna bands . And that glass back does feel nice .
There are some other unique touches . Key among them is a circular camera button on the right side , which is tiny and cute , but really easy to find by touch . One can not overstate the importance of such a button to the Windows phone community , and HP ignoring this on their otherwise high-quality Elite x3 is a sore point .
Beyond that , there is also a fingerprint reader on the back that lets you sign in to the device using Windows Hello . It 's not as accurate or fast as the versions on the Google Nexus 6P or Pixel XL , and it 's harder to find by touch .
The screen is gorgeous . It 's a 5.5-inch AMOLED display , and like the Pixel XL I 'm currently testing it seems smaller than that somehow in use . At “ just ” 1080p—or 1920 x 1080 pixels—you may think the display to be on the lower range , resolution-wise . But I find it crisp and wonderful to look at . And in apps , in particular , text is clear and nicely-rendered , with no jaggies at all .
Inside , the IDOL 4S is powered by high-end components , including a flagship-grade Snapdragon 820 processor , 4 GB of RAM , and 64 GB of internal storage with microSD expansion available via the SIM drawer . That 's good enough to deliver on Continuum capabilities , which I know is a big draw for Windows phone fans these days . Less enticing , perhaps , is this phone 's T-Mobile tie-in : It 's only available by this carrier in the US , and I assume it 's locked to T-Mobile as well . Worse still , the T-Mobile apps are actually not removable . I 've never experienced that with a Windows phone before .
The cameras are an open question , or at least the rear camera is . It 's a 21-megapixel unit—yes , you read that right , 21 megapixels—meaning you can take 4:3 shots at 5344 x 4008 , or 16:9 shots at 5312 x 2988 . Those are big numbers , and the camera recalls the Lumia 1020 from Windows phone 's 2013 heyday . But is it any good ?
So far , I 've only taken a dozen or so sample shots , and since it 's been cloudy , it 's proven to be a better than usual test : Any modern smartphone can handle bright sunny days with aplomb . Using the default settings , the pictures are a bit dull overall , though the quality is there when you zoom in .
But low-light shots are decent , if not up to the performance we see with the Nexus 6P or Pixel XL .
When I enabled HDR , things improved nicely , at least in shots with adequate light . Colors pop nicely , and the background auto-bokeh effect seen when you focus on an item in the foreground is solid . Camera speed performance is good , which is n't always the case with Windows phones , but you really need to manually and carefully focus when you take a shot . Otherwise , the shots are uniformly and disappointingly blurry .
Overall , I 'd rate the camera at “ good ” ( as opposed to “ very good ” or “ superior ” ) at this point . But a handful of shots is only a handful of shots .
And then there 's that VR headset .
If you 've experienced something like Google Cardboard , which is among the most basic and affordable of VR solutions , you 'll be underwhelmed by what Alcatel provides here . The hardware is cheap , though of course the foam noseguard is much softer and more comfortable than what most Cardboard sets provide .
But there are issues . First , the optics are low-end , worse even than Cardboard , with obvious pixelization and a roundish field of view . And there just is n't that much VR content to be had on Windows phone , though to be fair to Alcatel , they do pack several VR apps and games on the device . And if you 've never experienced VR , this is an OK introduction .
For example , I enjoyed the game Captain Fellcraft VR , where you fly down a virtual tunnel , avoiding objects while picking up power-ups and enjoying a vaguely 80 's synth soundtrack that reminded me of the Amiga days .
Zombie VR is less successful , with no control over movement or shooting : If you 're pointed at a zombie or certain trigger objects , you 'll shoot . It also made me a bit queasy .
There are also lots of video apps for VR—Tube 360 for YouTube , VR360Video , VRVideo , and more—and if you just place the phone in the headset , a basic VR front-end comes up .
I guess what I 'm trying to say is , do n't buy this phone because of the VR . But since you will get it for free , do be sure to check it all out . And then prepare to pay more for a better VR experience elsewhere .
The Alcatel IDOL 4S costs $ 480 and is available only from T-Mobile .
Tagged with Alcatel IDOL 4S
Welcome to the Dwarves vs. Zombies Wiki
Dwarves vs. Zombies is a Minecraft role-play mini game originally created by Robert Moran .
The game sets the player in an ancient dwarven civilization in which the remaining dwarves are to make their last stand against the coming hordes of monsters .
Interested in helping out ? Check out the Things to Consider section in the talk page !
Buffalo Wizards
warves vs. Zombies
Powerful Rampage , Of Course ( P.R.O.C . ) Go to P.R.O.C .
Gold Pool Go to Gold Pool
Dwarves Go to Dwarves
Monsters Go to Monsters
Dwarven Shrine Go to Dwarven Shrine
Game Progression Go to Game Progression
Oil Go to Oil
Quarry Go to Quarry
Building a Balanced Map Go to Building a Balanced Map 1 of 9 Add photo
Introduction Edit
Dwarves vs. Zombies is a large scale role-playing game . At most 70 people can play in a single normal round . 50 people are required to start a round , but if the player requirement is not met , the game will require 5 fewer players every 10 minutes . Games with 45 or more players will spawn with 3 heroes , games that start with 35 players will spawn with 2 heroes , games with 25 players will start with 1 hero , and games under 25 players will have no heroes .
When the game begins , all players spawn as a dwarf and their task is to gather supplies , weapons , and fortify their keep in anticipation for the coming invasion . The dwarves will have one Minecraft day to prepare for the invasion . The ultimate goal of the dwarves is to defend their shrines from the oncoming hordes - however , they will inevitably fall . The hordes of monsters are endless , and the dwarves are few . Additionally , dwarves can not respawn - once a dwarf is dead , he or she becomes a monster .
As night falls , roughly twenty percent of the dwarves will be randomly selected to die to a plague . The goal of the monsters is to destroy all the dwarven shrines . It is very difficult for most monsters to fight a dwarf in single combat - monsters must rely on numbers to overwhelm and destroy the dwarves . As more dwarves are killed , the ranks of the monsters will grow and the dwarves will be forced to retreat . Eventually , the monsters will overwhelm the first shrine , which will move their spawn up to that point , forcing the dwarves to retreat to the next shrine . This process repeats until the final shrine is reached , where the dwarves must fight to the end to defend their shrine . The game ends when all the dwarves are dead or all the dwarven shrines have been destroyed .
Remember , it is impossible for dwarves to win . The only goal for the dwarves is to protect their shrines as long as possible and kill as many monsters as they can .
As of January 2019 , the buffalowizards server has closed down . Marking the end of an era and the ending of one of the greatest minecraft legacies of all time . Rest in peace DvZ may you never be forgotten .
Maps ( Needs Map Information ) Edit
'Primary Rotation
Secondary Rotation
Game Master Mode Maps
Monster Gameplay Monster Tactics ( Outdated - Needs Update ) Basic Monsters Special Monsters Doom Event Monsters Monster Heroes
Map Building Introduction to Map Building Building a Balanced Map Map Features
Holiday Events Edit
Support Edit
Reporting Players How to Handle a Suspected Hacker
Bug Reporting How to Report Issues
Reference Edit
Official Dwarves vs Zombies Server IP : dvz.buffalowizards.com
On June 11 , 1967 , Israel 's citizens woke up to a different reality that would shape the course of their history up to at least the present day . Following the stunning victory over the region 's armies , the young state 's territory grew fourfold in one military sweep , incorporating into its jurisdiction an Arab population of about one million people .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
When the battles ended and the euphoria subsided , Israel was required to form its stance on the future of the territories it had conquered and the Palestinian residents living there , ahead of United Nations sessions on the issue . Every sentence uttered in those secret discussions reflects the dilemmas and disputes that have remained at the heart of Israel 's political discourse to this very day .
A view of Jerusalem ( Photo : Amos Zuker , courtesy of IDF Archive in the Defense Ministry and Bamahane )
In honor of the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War , the Israel State Archives released the transcripts of cabinet meetings and discussions of the ministerial committee on security affairs since the beginning of the tensions with Egypt and Syria , through the actual days of battle , to the months after the war , when Israel was forced to deal with the new reality .
June 10 , 1967 : What should be done with population in occupied territories ?
In the cabinet meeting held Saturday evening , the ministers decided to halt the fighting on the northern front and bring the war to an end . After Education and Culture Minister Zalman Aran concluded that “ this is the most legendary war in the history of the Jews ' wars and it will sustain the Jewish people for generations , ” the ministers stood up to honor the memory of the fallen soldiers and raised a toast “ L'chayim ” ( to life ) .
ארכיון המדינה
X
June 14 , 1967 : Discussing evacuation of Arabs from Jewish Quarter
At the end of the Shavuot holiday , the cabinet convened for a five-hour discussion , which began with a diplomatic briefing by Israel 's Ambassador to the UN , Gideon Rafael , who updated the ministers : “ The United States said to us , ‘ Help us . If you act modestly and talk less about territorial ambitions , but talk about security needs , the freedom of navigation and rights that you are entitled to , it will be much easier to enlist support at the UN . ' ”
ארכיון המדינה
X
Minister Yosef Sapir spoke about the difficulty in presenting a stance arguing that Israel 's right to security allows it to hold onto the territories incorporated into its ranks after the war : “ If this is about security , I do n't know what is left of the West Bank , strictly between ourselves . We 'll go back to ruined Qalqilya and keep it , and the result will be that we wo n't achieve peace . ”
Minister Menachem Begin , the soon-to-be prime minister who staunchly advocated holding onto the new territories , replied : “ Heaven forbid , we must not be tempted to chase moderation by saying that we have no territorial claims . We sat where we are sitting today 4,000 years ago . We should ‘ electrify ' the Jews of America and hold mass protests , not just of Jews , but of Christians too . ”
The first issue the ministers discussed was Jerusalem 's future . They agreed that the two parts of the city must be united and that the Old City 's Jewish Quarter must be rebuilt , especially the synagogues in it . At that point , however , there were Arabs living in the Jewish Quarter , and the cabinet members were at odds over the way they should be handled .
“ There was an idea to perhaps clear the Jewish Quarter of houses and move the Arab population elsewhere , ” Eshkol said . “ There are 2,000 Arab families living there . There was thought to perhaps start rebuilding the synagogues first , and it 's also dozens of families , and these homes are destroyed with bulldozers . Perhaps if they see that all hope is lost , they will move on their own . ”
Defense Minister Moshe Dayan at the Western Wall ( Photo : David Rubinger )
Development and Tourism Minister Moshe Kol opposed the move . “ I am against removing the Arabs from the Old City 's Jewish Quarter at this time , so as not to spark a dispute before the UN General Assembly session , ” he said , before Deputy Prime Minister Yigal Allon demurred . “ I am in favor of clearing the Jewish Quarter of Arabs . If it is n't done in the next couple of days , it will never be done . In addition , we should encircle the Old City with beautiful Jewish neighborhoods . ”
Defense Minister Moshe Dayan stressed , “ We must decide to do that , and if we do , it has to be now . Within two-three days we 'll move them to empty houses around Jerusalem , from Sur Baher to Ramallah . We wo n't throw them out on the street . The houses that are standing empty wo n't be empty in a week from now . Bethlehem was nearly empty , and in the meantime , they started coming back . If we do n't do it now , there wo n't be houses to transfer them to . ”
Eshkol clarified his position on the matter . “ If these families are moved to other homes , I wo n't object . And if the owners of that house arrive , we 'll evacuate them from this neighborhood to another neighborhood , but not in the Old City . It might be possible to find an empty compound in the Arab quarter and settle Jews there , but it 's clear that we must first settle Jews in the Jewish Quarter . ”
At the end of the war it was decided to do everything in the government 's power to evacuate the Arabs living in the Jewish Quarter to other places in and around Jerusalem . If the reconstruction of the quarter required home demolitions , the cabinet would decide on the timing .
10 am , June 15 , 1967 : An autonomic region vs. martial law
After deciding in the previous meeting that Jerusalem would not be divided again , the cabinet held a short meeting , the first in a series of discussions aimed at forming an Israeli stance on the future of the additional territories , focusing on the issue of the West Bank and its residents .
Foreign Minister Abba Eban briefed the ministers on the American stance : “ Their feeling is yes to Jerusalem , but no to the territories . They are stressing that it would be very bad if the world gets the impression that we really intend to hold onto the entire territory . ”
ארכיון המדינה
X
Allon : “ Let 's annex Mount Hebron till the Dead Sea , the Judea Desert plus greater Jerusalem to the State of Israel , with its Arab population . There will be one more ‘ Galilee . ' ” Allon suggested turning the West Bank into an autonomic Arab region . “ In this case , ” he said , “ they do n't get a voting right . I do n't care if the autonomic region is called Palestine , if they find it convenient . ”
Eshkol : “ I accept that Jordan is the border . We ca n't take in 1 million or 1.2 million refugees and additional Arabs , because then we 're lost . We wo n't be able to keep up with them in terms of birthrate , and in a few years they will ask why they do n't have a voting right , and then we 'll have terrible international problems . ”
Begin : “ As for the eastern Land of Israel , we must not return an inch of land , because returning means handing it over to foreign rule . We liberated part of the Land of Israel . The concept of the Land of Israel includes Gaza as well . There are historical rights . Now the question is what will happen with the Arabs . I see a very great danger in declaring an autonomic region , because we may be calling for pressure for a Palestinian state . I suggest that we consider the following arrangement : For seven years , they will be residents rather than citizens . At the end of the seven years , we will be able to ask each and every one of them if he wishes to be a loyal citizen or perhaps wants to go to a different state . ”
Dayan : “ The Israeli border is eastern Jordan . The West Bank is not Hussein , and Gaza is n't Nasser . It 's Israel . Internally I say , do n't take in another million Arabs . In the West Bank , we must stick to a military rule for a long period of time . We wo n't make any move which will drag us into a situation in which they will be able to vote for the Knesset . ”
Damascus Gate , after the war ( Photo : David Rubinger )
Eban : “ I suggest that it be an independent region to all intents and purposes , that there will be an autonomous region and that they will be independent in every area , apart from foreign and security affairs which are reserved for the central government . ”
Allon : “ Since we view the Jordan River as Israel 's border , I suggest that we create a settlement strip in the Jordan Valley . ”
Dayan : “ In my opinion , there is no need to do that . If there is a need from a security perspective , we can station tanks somewhere , but I would n't recommend something that would mean settling in the area . I would n't want to start now with a settlement of the past . ”
Begin : “ Nevertheless , we must speed up one process—creating a mixed population in the big cities like Hebron , Bethlehem , etc . ”
Eshkol : “ Perhaps we can move doctors , teachers and professionals . Perhaps we can open a yeshiva in Hebron again . ”
Dayan : “ If we say we do n't want the Arabs of Nablus to go to Haifa , we ca n't demand that Jews settle in Hebron . We must decide if everyone is entitled to travel anywhere or if it 's a separate area . ”
Begin : “ In military rule there is n't always free movement . ”
Dayan : “ Apart from Jerusalem , I would n't engage in any settlement now , neither in Gush Etzion nor in the Arava or in Hebron . I want to look into a possibility of a geographic line , so that they will be there and we will be here . I do n't want us to declare an autonomy , because for me this issue of preventing a million Arabs from joining Israel is as important as the West Bank . ”
5 pm . June 15 , 1967 : ‘ We 're going to get into trouble with the West Bank '
Dayan : “ I suggest that the West Bank regime will be a military rule , in which Arabs from there wo n't cross into the Israeli territory , and vice versa . There is a geographic division here , and we are not starting a carnival in which we travel freely to the Cave of the Patriarchs and to Gush Etzion and they have Israeli relatives and travel here . Apart from Jerusalem , the border that existed will remain—they will be there and we will be here .
“ As to Hebron and Bethlehem , we will make arrangements . Jews will want to travel to the Cave of the Patriarchs , tourists will want to go to Bethlehem—we will make arrangements for them . The only exception is Jerusalem , which moves to Israel . Jerusalem will be treated like Nazareth . We have received another 100,000 Arabs , however . ”
ארכיון המדינה
X
Allon :
“ In Hebron , Bethlehem and the surrounding villages , there are about 60,000 Arabs—not such a terrible number , until we give up this important enclave , both for historical and religious reasons and for strategic reasons . For an addition of a few tens of thousands , I would n't give up Hebron . At the same time , we must create settlement facts on Mount Hebron and in that same area . We must also establish 12 communities , kibbutzim and others , in the Hebron and Bethlehem area . We must not even wait a month , and must immediately start building a chain of communities . We will build this strip precisely during the period of shock . We must start getting the West Bank 's Arabs used to the fact that they can not move eastward or westward from their place of residence within today 's State of Israel . ”
Eshkol :
“ Every intelligent gentile with a conscience will want things to be cleared . If you tell him , give me six months to study the issue and in the meantime there will be a military rule—fine . But will they let us keep them that way for many years ? ”
Minister Yisrael Barzilai :
“ I think we are going to get into trouble with this whole thing called the West Bank . We want a new territory without the residents living there . You take a territory without resident , you do n't give the residents civil rights . They are not citizens for all intents and purposes and wo n't be citizens for all intents and purposes . I do n't know why we are afraid to think about a possibility of a dialogue with Hussein and with Jordan . If it turned out that he was able to accept some of Nablus with something else , it 's possible that we would then receive both a minimum number of residents that remain with us and most of the territory . It may be a fantasy in any case . Why are we afraid to talk to him and look into the issue ? ”
Begin :
“ It does n't ring like a fantasy , but like a catastrophe . Namely , handing part of the western Land of Israel to Hussein . ”
Eshkol :
“ One thing is clear to me : I do n't want more land and I do n't want more Arabs . The question is when will we become a minority in the state . ”
Begin :
“ I want all the cabinet ministers to know that when we build the expanded Jerusalem , this city 's Arab residents wo n't immediately become citizens of the state according to international law , unless we give each and every one of them the citizenship . Citizenship is not granted en mass , but each person receives the citizenship . ”
Kol :
“ These Arabs were born in the Land of Israel and you wo n't treat them the way immigrants who came from other countries are treated . Logic will lead to the Land of Israel 's transformation into a binational state , according to the path you are taking . You in Israel will have to treat the Arab resident like the finest nations of the world . We do not wish to persecute monitories . Someone approached me yesterday and said , ‘ The state 's name should be changed . It should be called the Land of Israel . ' People are having many thoughts right now . ”
Finance Minister Pinhas Sapir :
“ We can win a war and then be in a constant battle which is worse than a war . ”
Eban :
“ Minister Begin 's proposal to include the entire area in Israel without granting citizenship has a vision of geographic integrity , historical integrity , the homeland 's integrity . But when I analyze it , I reach the conclusion that it 's a powder keg . We are sitting with two populations , one which has all civil rights and the other which is denied of any rights . In other words , this seemingly splendid sight at first glance becomes very gloomy . ”
Aran :
“ It 's an illusion to think that we will hold Arabs in Israel and wo n't give them any rights . I would like to say that to the State of Israel 's patriots . With my simple mind I say , we could reach Israel 's defeat—Heaven forbid—through victory , because it wo n't be the State of Israel with everything that it implies . Why do we need that ? The way of thinking about the West Bank should be , in my opinion , what not to do . It 's perfectly clear to me that we are taking upon ourselves a strangling rope from different aspects without any benefit apart from historical sentimental satisfaction . The people of Israel have lived for 4,000 years , and will keep on living . ”
On Monday , Aug. 31 , attorneys for the NFL and NFLPA are scheduled to meet with U.S. District Judge Richard Berman to continue discussions on the legality of NFL commissioner Roger Goodell upholding Tom Brady 's four-game suspension . Judge Berman has also ordered Goodell and Brady to attend this meeting . It will likely be the last time they meet before Judge Berman renders a decision , which is expected by Sept. 4 . The Aug. 31 meeting , however , does n't have to happen . The NFL and NFLPA could instead strike a settlement sometime this week .
This is the best week yet for settlement talks
The week of Aug. 23 should serve as a constructive period for both sides to engage in honest talks . There are no contentious court hearings to attend and media interest in the case will likely take a much-needed breather . Both sides also know that if they go to court next Monday , Judge Berman will again ask them very difficult questions . Those questions , and their accompanying answers , will surely generate another round of unflattering news stories for the NFL and the NFLPA .
Also , while a settlement would be possible any time before Judge Berman renders a decision , by next Monday , both sides might conclude—if they have n't already—that they have gone too far and should wait for a decision . Although Judge Berman has n't expressly committed to ruling by Sept. 4 , which is one day before Brady 's suspension is scheduled to go into effect , it is highly likely that he would do so .
• MMQB : Crushing injuries and Peyton 's secret—just another week in the NFL
Why a settlement does n't make sense for either side
While this may be a good week for settlement talks , that does n't mean a settlement would make sense . In fact , there 's a good argument that there are no existing settlement terms that Brady , the NFLPA and the NFL would all accept .
First consider the perspective of Brady on a settlement . He will not admit to participating in an alleged ball deflation scheme that he swore , under oath , he did not partake in . Such an admission would risk potential perjury charges , and even if not criminally charged , Brady would be ridiculed as a liar and cheater . He might be willing to admit to not being fully cooperative , but an admission about ball deflation is a non-starter .
Brady might also be less inclined to settle because he 's under the impression that Judge Berman will rule in favor of him . Judge Berman has raised numerous criticisms of the NFL 's case during testimony and most legal experts who have publicly commented on the litigation , myself included , believe that Brady is likely to prevail . At this point , Brady might figure that his best play is to defeat the NFL by Judge Berman vacating the suspension . If Brady has come to that conclusion , then he wo n't accept a settlement . The NFLPA , hoping to create judicial precedent that could effectively limit the disciplinary powers of the commissioner , might feel the same way .
The NFL is looking at the Brady litigation from a very different lens and yet is similarly adverse to a settlement . The league knows that despite Judge Berman 's harsh criticisms , he is ultimately obligated to accord high deference to the arbitrator—NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . However , Goodell acted in the capacity of the hearing officer for Brady 's appeal under Article 46 of the collective bargaining agreement . As I wrote last week , it is possible that Judge Berman has created a misleading impression that he will actually rule for Brady .
The NFL also knows that if Judge Berman strays too far from the appropriate standard of review , the league would have a compelling argument in an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit . The league would be just as happy with Brady serving a four-game suspension in November or December , or even at the start of the 2016 regular season , as it would with Brady serving his four-game suspension at the start of the 2015 regular season . The league has the luxury of waiting out an appeal .
Lastly , the NFL recognizes that if it cuts a deal with Brady in which his punishment is reduced , the league would create incentives for future suspended players to go to court . The league obviously does not want to unwittingly encourage more legal battles with players .
• ​DIVISION PREVIEWS : NFC East | NFC North | NFC South | NFC West
Why a settlement makes a great deal of sense for both sides
I will now argue against what I just wrote . Why ? Because a settlement would offer both sides something of incalculable value : closure . If a settlement is reached , there would be no waiting for a decision by Judge Berman that could go either way , and thus no waiting for an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that could drag out into 2016 . Keep in mind , to “ win , ” the NFL or NFLPA would have to win twice : once before Judge Berman and once before the federal appeals court . A settlement reached this week would end the timeline before the regular season begins . In contrast , without a settlement , the media will pepper Brady and Goodell—along with Brady 's teammates and coaches , and various NFL owners etc.—with questions about the litigation throughout the 2015 season . Deflategate would be a cloud that hangs above Brady and Goodell until 2016 and possibly beyond ` .
A settlement would have to be approved by Judge Berman , but approval would likely be a mere formality . Judge Berman clearly wants the litigation to end , if for no other reason than there would be no risk that his decision is reversed on appeal . Also , given that both the NFL and NFLPA have hired some of the most expensive and talented attorneys around , Judge Berman would need not worry about unequal bargaining power in the settlement talks . If he 's presented with a settlement , he will almost certainly accept it .
So what might a workable settlement look like ? Here 's one possibility :
I . No statement about fault
One potentially viable framework for a settlement would be the NFL and NFLPA announcing that they are in agreement that Brady will be punished ( whether that punishment is a fine or a shortened suspension ) and they agree to offer no other substantive characterization about the settlement .
In this scenario , Brady would n't sign a statement of fault , but the NFL would n't clear Brady of involvement . The subject of what Brady might have done or not done would be left unstated and would remain unstated—forever . The settlement would only be treated as an end to the litigation . Any additional statements by the NFL and NFLPA about the settlement would only be pleasantries , such as mutually expressing gratitude to Judge Berman for his time and efforts and offering appreciation that they resolved their dispute amicably .
For Brady , such a settlement would ensure that he will not be compelled to admit to participating in a ball-deflation scheme . This is the most important goal for Brady . Frankly , he would be better off losing to the NFL before Judge Berman and before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit than admitting to lying . While his critics would argue that Brady agreeing to a settlement along these lines would effectively constitute an admission to involvement in an alleged ball deflation scheme , Brady could simply ignore the “ noise ” of his critics knowing that it would gradually fade away .
For the NFL , a settlement would ensure that Brady is held accountable . In the settlement proposed here , the NFL would also avoid a scenario whereby Brady admits only to a lack of complete cooperation . Such a low-level , inconsequential admission might be construed as a repudiation of the Wells Report and its controversial theories of a ball deflation conspiracy . Instead , in this proposed settlement , Brady would accept punishment for “ something ” left unstated . The NFL would hope that the public views such an admission as connected to a ball deflation scheme .
II . Permanent confidentiality and non-disparagement
Any settlement would likely require that all interested parties permanently refrain from speaking publicly about the litigation and the underlying controversy . This prohibition would forbid sharing or leaking information that has not yet been made public , such as communications between NFL officials or transcripts and notes related to interviews conducted by Ted Wells and his staff . Violation of a confidentiality clause would constitute a breach of a contractual provision and significant monetary damages could be assessed . Similarly , the parties might agree that none of them can publicly disparage each other , at least in regards to Deflategate and the surrounding controversy .
III . Waiver of possible defamation claims
The NFL would probably only agree to a settlement if Brady himself contracts away his right to sue the league and its officials for defamation . Brady has the right under Massachusetts law ( and potentially other states ' laws ) to sue for defamation . In such a lawsuit , he would argue that the NFL made untrue statements about him and those statements damaged his reputation . As a public figure bringing a defamation claim , Brady would have the added hurdle of proving “ actual malice , ” which means proving the NFL intentionally or knowingly lied about him . A successful defamation lawsuit would only offer Brady one type of remedy—monetary damages—and would have no bearing on Brady 's suspension .
A defamation lawsuit could take months or even years to resolve and could eventually require both Brady and the NFL to share materials in pretrial discovery that they might prefer to keep confidential . The NFL could also argue , as it did in response to Jonathan Vilma 's defamation lawsuit , that a defamation suit brought by Brady is pre-empted by the collective bargaining agreement .
While it is unlikely that Brady , who is reportedly worth about $ 120 million , would sue the NFL for more money , the NFL probably would want to eliminate that possibility . The league could do so by all interested parties agreeing to waive away any potential defamation claims .
In short , while a settlement seems unlikely right now , if Brady , the NFLPA and the NFL are all willing to make concessions , they might just find a common ground that makes them all better off .
Michael McCann is a Massachusetts attorney and the founding director of the Sports and Entertainment Law Institute at the University of New Hampshire School of Law . In the fall 2015 semester , he will teach an undergraduate course at UNH titled “ Deflategate. ” McCann is also the distinguished visiting Hall of Fame Professor of Law at Mississippi College School of Law and he teaches “ Intellectual Property Law in Sports ” in the Oregon Law Sports Law Institute .
In 2009 , the Boston Immigration and Customs Enforcement field office initiated a program called “ Operation Indonesian Surrender , ” which it characterized as “ a humanitarian effort ” meant to “ bring folks out of the shadows ” and send the message to Indonesian Christian community members that “ we will work with you. ” Eight years later , ICE is trying to deport all the participants .
The American Civil Liberties Union has joined a lawsuit to halt the deportation of more than 50 Indonesians , including 17 married couples with children who are U.S. citizens or have DACA ( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ) status , some of whom have serious medical conditions . All of the families have lived in the United States for years and were known to ICE because of their participation in the program .
Working with a network of local churches , ICE sought out “ upstanding members ” of the local Indonesian Christian community in Strafford County , New Hampshire , who were residing in the United States under a final order of removal and had no criminal history . In exchange for identifying themselves , turning over their passports , and regularly checking in with immigration , these families were able to legally remain and work in the United States .
For the past seven years , Freddy and Poppy Sombah have participated in the program without incident . They both work at the same local manufacturing plant . Their son , Timmy , lives nearby , working as a fiber designer , as well as leading worship services in two churches . He recalls that his parents used to check in with ICE sporadically , sometimes as infrequently as six months or a year . But after President Trump took office , they had to report every month .
It 's been a difficult summer for the Sombahs . In August , without explanation , ICE ordered Freddy and Poppy to report to the Manchester , New Hampshire ICE office with two one-way tickets to Indonesia , departing the United States no later than Oct. 1 . As a second blow , in September , the Trump administration ended the DACA program , under which Timmy currently has legal status .
It fell on Timmy to search for plane tickets for his parents , an experience that he says “ totally broke my heart . ”
The Immigration and Nationality Act prohibits the government from removing a noncitizen to a country where that person 's life or freedom would be in danger because of race , religion , nationality , membership in a particular social group , or political opinion . Current conditions in Indonesia make it very dangerous for these individuals to return . ICE could easily allow the families sufficient time to find lawyers to seek to reopen cases based on the current conditions in Indonesia , ensuring that those who fear danger have the opportunity to go before a judge and make their case .
Instead , ICE officials refused .
In its 2017 report , the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom ranked Indonesia as a “ Tier 2 ” list of countries of concern , a group which includes Iraq , a nation to which deportations of Christians has been halted by another federal court .
In its haste , ICE is violating the due process rights of the Sombahs and many other families by attempting to remove them before they are able to seek the immigration relief to which they are legally entitled . A federal judge has temporarily halted any immediate deportations for participants in the “ Operation Indonesian Surrender ” program , while she weighs the full case .
Timmy ca n't imagine his parents having to leave the United States — the country they 've built a life in . When the Sombah 's took up ICE 's offer , they trusted it . No one could imagine that the program would end so abruptly , with no chance for families to seek relief .
“ If I could be a citizen yesterday , I would have done it yesterday , ” Timmy said . “ People seem to think citizenship is like going to the grocery store — grab it , pay them , and you 're out . That 's just not the case . ”
Jurassic Park 4 is currently in pre-production and producers are now hiring crew members .
The Universal feature film ‘ Jurassic World ' starring Bryce Dallas Howard , Chris Pratt , and Jake Johnson will shoot in New Orleans 11 weeks starting this June 2014 .
Now producers and assistant directors are looking for talented crew members to work on the feature film .
Plot details have not been released yet but , Frank Marshall and Pat Crowley are producing the project .
The title of the movie was originally Jurassic Park 4 but it was later changed to Jurassic World .
Jurassic World will be the first large feature film for director Colin Trevorrow who previously worked on Safety Not Guaranteed . Recently , Chris Pratt spoke with MTV News , and Pratt praised Trevorrow 's vision . “ He 's got a great vision for the movie… It 's awesome that Steven Spielberg is taking a chance on this guy because he 's got a really clear vision . I sat down with him and it was kind of like with me and [ ‘ Guardians of the Galaxy ' director ] James [ Gunn ] , we just kind of started getting excited about this . ”
Jurassic World will be the third sequel to the critically acclaimed Jurassic Park franchise . But , plenty of fans have questioned the premise behind the latest sequel . Basically asking , does the script for Jurassic World address why anyone would try cloning dinosaurs again despite three previous bad experiences ?
Chris Pratt attempted to answer this question in the MTV News interview .
“ What I liked about it was it answers the question of ‘ Why would you do that ? ' Like , how do you suspend disbelief to be like , ‘ Oh yes , let 's make this mistake again . We have n't learned our lesson about dinosaurs , we should definitely live with them and see how that works out ! ' after like three tries at it . They answer the question really well through the script . Colin did a great job of writing it and justifying it and in his own way having fun with that , so anybody who goes in with that question will be really amused – the way I was – about how they answer that . ”
Nevertheless , if you are interested in working on the Universal feature film , then producers are most likely looking for makeup artists , production assistants , grips , production designers , set designers , costumes , wardrobe and other roles . Send your resumes to [ email protected ]
Source : New Orleans Film Commission
Fifty percent of the US thinks homosexual behavior is sinful , according to a Pew poll released today .
In a study titled , `` Public Sees Religion 's Influence Waning : Growing Appetite for Religion in Politics , '' Pew looks at the various ways faith and politics intersect in the public sphere .
Many of the findings were to be expected . For instance , white evangelical Protestants continue to skew right , and the religiously unaffiliated ( called `` nones '' ) tend left . Also , younger respondents ( Millennials ) are , on average , more liberal than older generations .
But other results are more surprising . Take , for example , the fact that , within a year , the number of Americans who see homosexual behavior as sinful has increased by 5 percentage points : from 45 percent in 2013 to 50 percent today . The spike is noteworthy given the steady rate at which LGBT acceptance has grown over the last decade . Americans also increasingly think that President Obama is `` unfriendly '' toward religion .
The findings presented in the report are based on telephone interviews conducted September 2 and September 9 , 2014 . 2,002 adults were surveyed from a national sample . The study is well worth reading in its entirety , and you can do so here . But if you 're looking for a quick breakdown , here are 5 of the most striking findings from the study .
1 ) Most people think religion is losing its influence in the US — and most think that 's a bad thing
Nearly 3 out of 4 Americans think religion is losing its influence on society .
Consistent with previous surveys , most ( 56 percent ) Americans see this development as a `` bad thing . '' Of course , this number varies among religious groups : 77 percent of white evangelical Protestants are concerned about the waning influence of religion , compared with 61 percent of Catholics , and 30 percent of `` none '' s .
On the other hand , among the 22 percent of people who think religion is gaining influence in America , opinion is almost equally split on whether or not it 's a good thing : 12 percent say it is , 10 percent say it is n't .
2 ) More white evangelicals than other religious groups consider themselves to be minorities because of their religious beliefs
While 31 percent of the general public thinks that the evangelicals face a lot of discrimination , half of evangelicals feel that way . In comparison , 33 percent of Catholics perceive a lot of anti-Catholic discrimination in the US , as do 19 percent of Americans overall . As Pew notes , `` Those who belong to a particular group tend to be more likely than outsiders to say their group faces significant discrimination in American society . ''
Respondents were also asked if they considered themselves to be a minority because of their religious beliefs . Over nine out of ten Catholics answered this question negatively , with white mainline Protestants close behind . Thirty percent of white evangelicals said they do self-identify as minorities because of their religious beliefs :
3 ) There is still plenty of opposition to homosexuality
The number of Americans who believe homosexuality to be sinful has ticked up five percent in the last year alone ( 45 to 50 percent ) . And this belief varies among religious groups , as the following chart shows .
Those surveyed were also asked if businesses should be able to refuse wedding-related services to same-sex couples for religious reasons . The findings were closely split , with 47 percent saying businesses should be allowed to refuse service to same-sex couples and 49 percent saying businesses should be required to provide service ) .
The demographics behind these answers are notable : more men than women ( 52 to 42 percent ) think businesses should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons , as do those aged 65 and older ( 60 percent ) compared to those aged 18-29 ( 35 percent ) . The findings also differ according to race with more whites ( 52 percent ) favoring the religious exemption than blacks ( 36 ) and Hispanics ( 35 ) . And of course , answers also differed according to affiliation with religious groups .
The poll finds 49 percent of Americans in favor of same-sex marriage and 41 percent opposed ( and again , there was variation among religious affiliation ) . These findings reflect a slight change since a February 2014 Pew poll , which found 53 percent of Americans supported same-sex marriage . But any answers as to why support is down at this point would be merely speculative . Writes Pew , `` It is too early to know whether this is an anomaly or the beginning of a reversal or leveling off of the growth in support for same-sex marriage widely observed in polls over the past decade . ''
For now , the important takeaway is that America is still pretty evenly split when it comes to LGBT issues , even is there has been a noticeable increase in public support in recent years .
4 ) More people believe Obama is `` unfriendly '' toward religion
`` The share of Americans who rate the Obama administration as friendly toward religion has declined sharply in recent years , '' reads the survey . In 2012 , 39 percent of respondents believed Obama to be `` friendly '' toward religion . Today , that number is down 9 percentage points to 30 percent . Accordingly , the percentage of Americans who think the President is unfriendly toward religion has jumped from 23 percent in 2012 to 29 percent two years later .
5 ) Americans want their churches to take a public stance on politics
The report says , `` Most Americans continue to oppose the idea of churches endorsing particular candidates during political elections . '' However , in recent years , there has been a noticeable uptick in public support for `` religious involvement in politics . '' In August 2010 , 43 percent of Americans said churches should express their views on political and social questions . Currently , that number is up to 49 percent , with more Republicans than Democrats ( 59 vs 42 percent ) believing houses of worship should express political views .
Pew also finds that more Americans believe there has been `` too little expression of religious faith and prayer from political leaders . '' 41 percent of Americans hold this view , which is up from 2010 when 37 percent held it . More Republicans than Democrats tend to think political leaders do n't talk enough about faith and prayer — 53 to 32 percent , respectively .
Image : Fure/Shutterstock
On Edge is a series about stress in 2017 .
SLEEP DEPRIVED
When Cale Holmes moved from Virginia to New York City for grad school , he started to have trouble sleeping .
All night long the trains thundered past his building , garbage trucks groaned , and police sirens wailed . In the mornings he was awoken by the sounds of construction : hammers banging , machines drilling , men shouting . He began to wear himself out every night before he got home , studying into the wee hours of the morning or hanging in bars drinking beer until he was ready to drop with exhaustion .
But one night , Holmes recalled how calm he used to feel whenever he visited a beach . He went to YouTube and ran a search for ocean sounds . Innumerable recordings of ocean waves popped up , some as long as 12 or 14 hours . He selected a nighttime version and let his room fill with the sound of the crashing of waves . He could also hear the wind howl and the cicadas chirp in the distance .
He lay back on his pillow .
The next thing he knew , warm sunlight was filtering in through the curtains . When he checked his laptop , he saw that the recording had paused at just after four minutes when the laptop had powered off .
Holmes had slipped into sleep effortlessly . “ And I felt much better about the day the next morning , ” he told me . “ I felt my sleep was better . I even felt I had more self-esteem . ”
How had the recording helped him so much ? Was it that the sound had created a cocoon against the city noises ? Or was there more to it ? Several teams of researchers around the world have tried to find answers to these very questions .
MOODS AND NATURE
Jake Benfield , soundscape researcher and professor of Environmental Psychology at Penn State University , has been studying nature sounds for over a decade . “ There is a lot of research that shows that natural views and our visual perception of the environment is good for us , but there is less research about sound , ” Benfield told me .
In 2014 , Benfield led a research study to examine whether natural sounds had any impact on participants ' moods . The researchers first evaluated the volunteers ' moods and then deliberately spoiled their moods by showing them disturbing medical videos of hand surgeries . “ As we would expect , ” Benfield said , “ watching medical videos makes people disgusted , negative , and generally in a bad mood . ”
The researchers then randomly assigned the volunteers to three groups and made them listen to different soundscapes . One group was made to listen to city sounds and traffic . Members of this group reported that their moods became worse . Another group listened to mixed environments containing nature and city sounds , and this group reported no significant mood changes .
The third group , however , listened to purely natural sounds—like the sound of the wind rustling through trees or the chirping of birds . Participants in this group reported a complete mood recovery .
Several other studies conducted in recent years have shown similar results . At Shahed University in Tehran , Iran , a group of researchers finds that listening to natural sounds relieved patients in the ICU of their anxiety , while lowering their heart rate and blood pressure . Researchers in Japan 's Osaka City University Medical School found that patients listening to natural sounds showed an improved acceptability to anesthesia , while Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore reported that distraction therapy using nature sounds reduced the amount of pain people experienced during bronchoscopies .
Was there something about the particular frequency of these sounds that caused such a remarkable effect on people 's physiological states ? To find out , Benfield explained , researchers at University of Gavle , Sweden , undertook an experiment . They designed an ambiguous , fuzzy sound , which was n't entirely discernible , and hence open to interpretation . The researchers then enlisted participants and told half of them that the sound was that of a waterfall while telling the others that it was from an industrial source .
What they discovered was that the first group , the one that had thought that the sound was that of running water , showed remarkable mood recovery . On the other hand , the second group that had assumed the sound was unnatural , reported no mood recovery .
Why was it so important , then , for participants to think that they were listening to the sound of water to feel better ?
THE 24/7 SENSE
As life evolved on Earth , living beings developed different sensory organs to guide them toward food , alert them to danger , and find their way around the world . Without these senses , we could n't have survived . But sometimes , these very senses can cause our minds to get over-stimulated . When there 's too much noise , for example , it can be really distressing , but we usually ca n't just turn off our hearing .
From an evolutionary standpoint , this is beneficial to us . If there 's some danger in our environment , we can act accordingly ( or wake up , if we happen to be asleep ) . Sudden sounds jolt us into action , get our hearts pumping , and the adrenaline and cortisol soaring in our bodies so as to prepare us for fight or flight .
But living in a stream of constant , jarring noises can be highly toxic . One of the biggest problems with urban soundscapes , according to Benfield , is that people think they 've adjusted to them .
“ There 's a lot of research showing that the physiological effects of these things‚ sleep disturbances , higher cortisol levels , affect people 's health and cause psychological problems , ” he told me .
Living in a stream of constant , jarring noises can be highly toxic
Several studies have pinned mood disorders , anxiety , depression , and even schizophrenia on urban living . Over 82 percent of North Americans live in urban centers , according to a report published by the United Nations in 2014 . The global urban population is escalating at an unprecedented rate , creating packed urban conglomerations . Thirty percent of the global population lived in cities in 1950 , but this number is predicted to rise to 67 percent by 2050 , growing by more than 100 percent in a century , according to the report .
Throughout the course of human evolution , people developed capacities to thrive in natural settings . On the entire span of our evolutionary timeline , urban living is but a mere speck of dust . Although urban living has brought with it many conveniences like access to safety , public health , and other services , it has also created devastating consequences to our physical and mental wellbeing .
But now , the latest research findings show that natural sound can actually help us recover . A study published in March demonstrated that natural sounds have the ability to relieve psychological and physiological stress . Using fMRI and heart-rate monitoring , researchers Gould van Praag , et al , of the University of Sussex found that listening to natural sounds improved parasympathetic activity , whereas listening to artificial sounds prompted sympathetic arousal .
This means that listening to natural sounds promotes our rest and digest state , hence decreasing stress , while listening to artificial sounds promotes the fight or flight response , thereby increasing stress .
THE BIOPHILIA HYPOTHESIS
To understand why this happens , we have to start at the beginning . Nearly 1.5 million years ago , our ancestors picked ripe fruit right off of trees and made love in the mud beneath the canopies . They hiked in groups until they hit the sound of rivers or streams , and settled down with their babies to partake of the fruit of the fertile riverside . The lives of our ancestors were so intertwined with nature that most ancient myths and folklore revolved around nature .
Perhaps this is why birdsong sounds so sweet to the human ear
In those early stages of evolution , certain environments meant survival for the species , Benfield explained . For example , the sounds of rivers , streams , or running water “ meant that you would have a chance to survive , by drinking clean , disease free water. ” Not only that , but clean water in the environment meant that fruits , nuts and berries would be present too , along with all kinds of animals and biodiversity .
Furthermore , an environment bustling with the twittering of birds signified that the area was free of predators . This meant that people could let down their guard and relax . Perhaps this is why birdsong sounds so sweet to the human ear ; perhaps this is the reason songbirds have played such a frequent muse to poets writing verse throughout the centuries .
But the advent of agriculture brought significant changes to the environment . Around 10,000 years ago , people started to clear forests in order to plant wheat , rye , and sugar cane . By the early 18th century , the first factory workers had begun to arrive in the industrial towns of London and Massachusetts to work in cotton mills and other factories , sparking off the earliest urban migrations . Now , cities have become the mainstay of civilization .
But even though human beings had left the jungle , the jungle did not leave us . Artists painted breathtaking scenes of forests , meadows , rivers and seas . Poets wrote odes to the glories of sunsets and summers . And with the arrival of the earliest portable field recording technology in the mid-twentieth century , people started to go back into nature to bottle up its sounds and bring them back into our living rooms .
One of the acclaimed pioneers in nature sound recording was Irv Teibel , a New York based sound engineer , photographer , and designer . In 1969 , Teibel went to Brighton Beach in Brooklyn to capture the sound of the ocean . “ He noticed that the particular recording had qualities that made him feel at ease , ” said Jennifer Ballow , his daughter , who took over the management of Teibel 's company , Syntonic Research , after Teibel 's death in 2010 .
Teibel produced his first album , The Psychologically Ultimate Seashore , with the help of a friend at Bell Labs . “ He tested it at college stores like the Harvard co-op because he suspected it would make a good study aid , ” Ballow told me . “ It actually sold out there and got the attention of Atlantic Records . ”
Teibel then signed a contract with the record company and went on to produce 11 albums for a series called Environments . His recordings were carried into space aboard NASA 's Voyager spacecraft and Life magazine wrote that they were “ Better than booze and safer than pot . ”
When Teibel first started working on his albums , his friends were skeptical . Later years witnessed the resurgence of nature sounds into our homes in the form of sound boxes and baby soothers . Clearly , people were yearning for nature .
Nowadays , the audience of nature sound listeners has exploded through mediums like YouTube websites like A Soft Murmur , Meditation Room , and Calm Sound , among several others . Thousands of recordings of nature sounds coexist on YouTube . There 's rain , thunder , wind , waterfalls , rivers , springs , waves , and oceans . There are birds , frogs , wolves , and cicadas . Comments from users range from expressions of gratitude ( “ Thank you for helping me sleep ” , to anecdotes about improved concentration ( “ Studying to this is incredible . Never been more productive ” ) , to how well babies sleep ( “ This puts my sick baby to sleep in minutes ” ) .
People were yearning for nature
Scores of individual recordings have amassed views in the tens of millions . For example , “ Rain Sounds 10 Hours ” has been played over 32 million times on YouTube since its release five years ago . “ Calming Seas ” has collected over 22 million views in the last four years . For context , John Lennon 's Imagine HD has been viewed 61 million times in the last eight years .
“ It 's almost as if the experience of users was driving a market without there necessarily being evidence of whether it was helpful or not , ” said Benfield .
Priyanka Borar , a designer and researcher from India , told me about how she began listening to sounds of the rain or birds through a website called A Soft Murmur . When she was in college , she used to sit in a park every evening to take a break from the day . “ And that 's the time you 'd have a lot of birds in the sky , ” she told me . “ And that soundscape used to make me feel very , very peaceful. ” Whereas music had seemed to be emotionally distracting ( infused as it was with moods , like darkness or ponderousness , ) she felt that the sound of the natural environment was immensely grounding . “ I could keep reading in an undistracted fashion , ” she said .
Thinking back on the effect of the sounds of nature , Holmes mused , “ One thing about natural sound is that it gets to the root . It connects us to who we are and who we were , from the dawn of our species . ”
THE PERFECT “ DOZE ”
So the next time you 're afflicted by stress or sadness , perhaps you might want to try this concoction :
Take a spoonful of ocean waves .
Add a pinch of wind and a dash of cicadas .
Set the volume according to taste .
Let the sounds swirl around your room and soak into your skin .
Now sit back , close your eyes , and let your mind relax .
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
Lumosity Press Release
Lumosity , the leader in online brain training , today revealed the top 25 smartest cities in America based on an analysis of its database of human cognition . The study analyzed anonymized data for over one million users in the U.S. between the ages of 18-75 who had played multiple Lumosity games . The data examined scores from users ' first few sessions playing games across five cognitive areas : memory , processing speed , flexibility , attention and problem-solving . These cognitive performance scores were then ranked by location .
`` These data are interesting because we are able to directly measure real differences in cognitive performance across geographic areas , '' said Daniel Sternberg , Ph.D. , Data Scientist at Lumosity . `` Rankings of the smartest cities typically rely solely on education levels as the main factor in determining how smart a population is , but with over 320 million data points , we have the opportunity to use technology to study brain performance directly . ''
Below are the rankings of metropolitan areas and corresponding median percentiles , which represent the percentage of Americans the median users in that city scored higher than . For instance , the median percentile tells us that the median Lumosity user in Charlottesville had a higher score than 58.53 % of Americans .
1 . Charlottesville , Va. – 58.53 %
2 . Lafayette , In . – 58.41 %
3 . Anchorage , Alaska – 57.83 %
4 . Madison , Wis. – 56.84 %
5 . San Francisco – Oakland – San Jose , Calif. – 55.47 %
6 . Cedar Rapids – Waterloo – Iowa City – Dubuque , Iowa – 55.37 %
7 . Honolulu , Hawaii – 55.29 %
8 . Johnstown – Altoona , Pa. – 55.18 %
9 . Champaign – Springfield-Decatur , Ill. – 54.75 %
10 . Minneapolis – St. Paul , Minn. – 54.64 %
11 . Boston , MA – Manchester , N.H. – 54.49 %
12 . Austin , Texas – 54.18 %
13 . Rochester , N.Y. – 53.99 %
14 . Gainesville , Fla. – 53.97 %
15 . Fargo – Valley City , N.D. – 53.92 %
16 . Lansing , Mich. – 53.75 %
17 . Santa Barbara – Santa Maria – San Luis Obispo , Calif. – 53.73 %
18 . Burlington , Vt. – Plattsburgh , N.Y. – 53.72 %
19 . Pittsburgh , Pa. – 53.71 %
20 . Syracuse , N.Y. – 53.68 %
21 . Baton Rouge , La . – 53.58 %
22 . Columbia – Jefferson City , Mo . – 53.57 %
22 . La Crosse – Eau Claire , Wis. – 53.57 %
24 . Harrisburg – Lancaster – Lebanon – York , Pa. – 53.56 %
25 . Springfield – Holyoke , Mass . – 53.51 %
Results were controlled for the effects of age and gender . The list includes only metro areas with a sufficient sample size greater than 500 . Of note , many of the top metro areas contain major research universities , suggesting that education is an important predictor of brain performance .
There is still a great deal of variability within cities . The data show that the metro area that a user is in accounts for a relatively small percentage of the variance in users scores , indicating that there are many lower and higher performing individuals in any city .
These data analyses are part of Lumosity 's Human Cognition Project – a research initiative designed to advance neuroscience to better understand the human mind .
About Lumosity : Lumosity is the leading online brain training program that improves core cognitive abilities such as memory and attention . Launched in 2007 , Lumosity now has more than 35 games , 20 million members , and paying subscribers from 180 countries . Lumosity 's exercises are based on the latest findings in neuroscience , with continuing independent third-party studies being conducted by researchers at Harvard , Stanford , UC Berkeley , and other academic institutions . Lumosity is available at Lumosity.com and on the iPhone . Lumosity is headquartered in San Francisco , California . For more information , please visit www.lumosity.com .
Kentucky assistant coach Orlando Antigua , pictured before the Wildcats ' game at Florida this season , is reportedly a finalist to replace Stan Heath at USF . ( Photo : Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports )
INDIANAPOLIS — It 's been a good 24 hours for University of Kentucky assistant basketball coach Orlando Antigua , who helped the Wildcats punch their Final Four ticket on Sunday night and was named head coach at South Florida this afternoon .
`` We were looking for a great leader , a great communicator , a proven record of being able to recruit and develop players and someone who will represent USF with exceptional energy and integrity , '' athletic director Mark Harlan said in a news release . `` We have found all that and more in Orlando Antigua . ''
Antigua , who will be introduced at a press conference Tuesday , is expected to remain with UK through the team 's Final Four run in North Texas this week . He came with head coach John Calipari as an assistant in 2009 after working the previous season under Calipari at Memphis . A former McDonald 's All-American himself , Antigua is an ace recruiter who helped the Cats sign five consecutive classes that ranked No . 1 nationally .
. @ USFMBB is proud to announce that Orlando Antigua is the 9th Head Coach in program history . # GoBullspic.twitter.com/lTXvbZn5ma — USF Athletics ( @ USFAthletics ) March 31 , 2014
Antigua , who is headed to his third Final Four in four years and also served five years as an assistant at his alma mater , Pittsburgh , was named the top assistant coach in the country under 40 by ESPN.com in 2012 . He got valuable head-coaching experience with the Dominican National Team last summer .
`` I have been preparing for the challenge of leading a program my entire life and I have a deep belief and passion that USF basketball can thrive , '' Antigua said in a news release . `` I look forward to renewing my strong connections in the state of Florida and ca n't wait to begin working towards our future success . ''
Ironically , the job was only available after a deal with Manhattan coach Steve Masiello , a former Wildcat and Rick Pitino protégé , fell apart when it was revealed that he did not have a degree from UK despite his resume saying otherwise .
Antigua 's deal measures five years , according to ESPN . He 's the latest Calipari assistant-turned-head coach , joining the likes of Memphis ' Josh Pastner , Massachusetts ' Derek Kellogg and Drexel 's Bruiser Flint .
`` When this is done right , everyone involved should benefit from the success of the program , '' Calipari said in a statement . `` This includes the university as a whole , the athletic department , administrators , staff and especially the assistant coaches . They and their families deal with the brunt of the work .
`` With that being said , I am so excited that Orlando has been hired by the University of South Florida . Based on what he 's done with the Dominican Republic National Team as their head coach and his work with our family over the last five years at Kentucky and one season at Memphis , I have the utmost confidence in him to lead this program to new heights .
`` My guess is they will do things that have never been done before at South Florida . We 're all going to miss him and his family after we finish this run . ''
A possible replacement for Antigua on Calipari 's staff is Tony Barbee , one of his former players and assistants who was recently fired as head coach at Auburn — although Barbee is still angling for another chance in the head-coaching ranks .
Kyle Tucker can be reached at ( 502 ) 582-4361 . Follow him on Twitter @ KyleTucker_CJ .
Clarification : This story was revised at 12:13 p.m. , June 28 , 2011 , to clarify the casualty rate for Maine . It is 1.44 deaths per 100,000 residents .
Considering the size of its population , Maine is paying a deadlier price for the war in Afghanistan than any other state .
Additional Photos A transfer team carries the remains of Spc . Wade A . Slack , who was from Waterville , on May 8 , 2010 . Slack , 21 , died in Afghanistan . 2010 Associated Press file photo Related Headlines General named to head US force OKs drawdown
Afghanistan 's future – and past – still murky
According to figures released last week by the Department of Defense and analyzed by The Guardian newspaper of England , Maine 's casualty rate of 1.52 deaths per 100,000 residents is the highest in the country . ( Because of a residency mistake , Maine 's actual figure is 1.44 . )
Only one other state – Wyoming at 1.10 – has a rate above one death per 100,000 residents from Operation Enduring Freedom , now in its 10th year .
“ I think about a small state like ours , ” said U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree , D-1st District . “ Virtually everybody knows someone who is currently serving , who 's been lost , who 's been injured , who has a family member who is affected , and it 's really taken a big toll . ”
Pingree spoke by cellphone Monday afternoon from York County . Her office issued a news release Monday morning about the Guardian story , along with a statement reiterating her desire to withdraw troops from Afghanistan as quickly as possible .
“ I 've been opposed to the war for a long time , ” she said . “ Particularly since the death of ( Osama ) bin Laden , it 's time to remove our troops more aggressively than even the president has proposed . ”
Peter W. Ogden , director of the state Bureau of Veterans ' Services , said the figures supplied by the Department of Defense are off by one .
“ They show 20 ( casualties ) but we actually only have 19 , ” Ogden said . “ One of the people they have listed is actually not from Maine . He 's from New Hampshire . ”
That would be Master Sgt . Jared Van Aalst , 34 , of Laconia , N.H . He died in action in Kunduz province last August .
Correcting for the error , New Hampshire 's rate rises to 1.06 and Maine 's falls to 1.44 , which remains the country 's highest . Delaware is ranked 50th , with 0.22 .
California and Texas have suffered the highest number of casualties – 152 and 127 , respectively – but their rates in terms of state population are 0.41 for California and 0.50 for Texas .
“ Maine 's a small state , but it has a great military tradition , ” Ogden said . “ People serve , and they serve with units that put them in harm 's way . … They 've never looked to stay in the back . They 've always wanted to be in the front . ”
The number of Mainers currently on active duty is difficult to determine , Ogden said . The Department of Defense does n't release such figures .
“ We think somewhere around 15,000 people from Maine are on active duty , ” he said . “ That 's just my take on it . It 's not a very scientific figure . ”
According to an Army report , Maine ranked third behind only Alabama and Nevada in the number of recruits in fiscal year 2009 , with 213 per 100,000 young men and women .
Both Ogden and Pingree cited Maine 's tradition of military involvement , and each mentioned economic factors as playing a role in joining and staying with the service . Each also mentioned the absence of a draft .
“ So we 've had a huge dependence on the National Guard , ” Pingree said . “ We have a lot of Maine citizens who participate in the National Guard and many of them have been deployed multiple times , which is different from other wars where we have a draft or more people enlisting . ”
Nineteen deaths in a decade-long war in Afghanistan can be measured against Maine casualties in other wars . In World War I , 1,026 Mainers lost their lives out of more than 35,000 who served . In World War II , the numbers were 2,551 of nearly 113,000 . The Korean ( 233 ) and Vietnam ( 343 ) wars saw fewer deaths of Mainers . Four died in the Persian Gulf War and 25 in Iraq .
A Pew Research Center poll released last week showed , for the first time , that a majority of Americans – 56 percent – say troops in Afghanistan should be brought back as soon as possible .
“ I definitely hear that from average citizens in Maine , from veterans , from people who are currently in the military , ” Pingree said . “ We had a mission , and that was to capture bin Laden .
“ The other side of it is to continue making America more safe . Well , we have pockets of terrorism all over the world , and only a hundred members of al-Qaida left in Afghanistan , yet we 're spending $ 8 billion a month , much of it on nation building in Afghanistan . That could be used here in America . ”
To critics who would paint her as an isolationist , Pingree pointed to the current U.S. presence around the globe and a defense budget that topped $ 685 billion in 2010 .
“ We 're maintaining a very strong military in this country , ” she said , “ but that does n't mean we have to spend $ 8 billion a month in Afghanistan . ”
Staff Writer Glenn Jordan can be contacted at 791-6425 or at : [ email protected ]
Share
Dozens of firefighters have battled a blaze at the Alcoa plant near Geelong that forced the evacuation of about 30 workers on Wednesday .
Firefighters were called to the decommissioned aluminium smelter on Point Henry Road in the industrial suburb of Moolap about 3.30pm .
The fire at the old Alcoa plant near Geelong .
CFA District 7 duty officer Wayne Aylmer said the fire broke out in a section of the old rolling mill that is being disassembled .
He said about 30 workers were safely evacuated and the fire was brought under control at 4.20pm .
`` There is a significant amount of smoke in the area which is expected to remain for some time , '' Mr Aylmer said . `` I want to reassure residents there is no risk to the community . ''
An advice message was issued earlier due to the amount of smoke coming from the building . The CFA said the blaze did not threaten any other property but people are being told to avoid the area .
Alcoa closed down its Point Henry smelter and rolling mill in 2014 , more than 50 years after opening .
Jimmy Carr , Frank Skinner and Al Murray have had parts of their body waxed in aid of Comic Relief .
The trio of comedians is put through the ordeal as a forfeit for selling fewer packets of their specially-branded Walkers crisp flavours than Stephen Fry , who was declared the winner as part of this year Red Nose Day .
Denise Van Outen - on hand to carry out the painful procedure - commented : `` When I walked into the waxing room , you could literally see the colour draining from their faces .
`` I tried to distract them while I was putting the hot wax on , but they were n't having any of it . There were a few squeals and sweaty brows afterwards , but all in all the boys did really well and I was very impressed with their pain thresholds . ''
Murray described the ordeal as `` dreadful '' , while Carr admitted that it was `` one of the most horrific experiences of [ his ] life '' .
Click 'play ' below to watch the culmination of the Walkers Clash of the Comics challenge , which has raised more than £1 million for Comic Relief .
This year 's Red Nose Day has also seen a group of comedians teams up to form Fake That , a spoof version of the 'Greatest Day ' boyband Take That .
Van Gaal took the Netherlands to third place at the 2014 World Cup
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has insisted he will remain at Old Trafford next season .
There is speculation that ex-Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will replace him in the summer , but the Dutchman intends to honour his three-year contract .
Van Gaal told reporters : `` Next year you will see me again . ''
United host Leicester on Sunday hoping to close the gap on the top four and deny the Foxes the victory that would hand them the title .
Van Gaal added : `` We always knew that the process would take three years . I wanted to sign only for two years . The club wanted me to sign for three years , not me .
`` Every week for six months I have been 'sacked ' - and yet I am still here . But this has happened to me at every club I have been at . ''
In a setback to Akhilesh Yadav , Samajwadi Party MLC Yashwant Sinha resigned on Saturday .
Earlier in the day , Samajwadi Party MLC and Rashtriya Shia Samaj founder Bukkal Nawab also tendered his resignation .
After resigning from the party , Nawab praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath .
`` Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) is doing good work and PM Modi has given a good slogan of 'Sabka Sath , Sabka Vikas ' . If they invite , then I might go with BJP . Yogi is also doing a good job in the state ; at least there has not been any scam yet , '' Nawab told ANI .
Taking a jibe at Samajwadi Party and the family drama he said , `` I am feeling very suffocated since last one-year . It is clear that when he ( Akhilesh ) is not with his own father then how can he be with the people .
He added that it does n't feel right while writing party 's name as Samajwadi Party , rather they should call it 'Samajwadi Akhaada ' , since it has become an arena now .
He further said , `` More people may resign from the party soon . ''
