FBI Agents are coming forward now to voice their frustrations and concerns about FBI Director James Comey 's inept policing of the FBI . Specifically , the Clinton email investigation was held up by Comey standing in the way . One of the specifics of the investigation that hindered it was that the Clinton house was never searched . The FBI always does a search of a household in an investigation . The New York FBI agents working the case were livid at the stonewalling in the Clinton case . FBI agents are now lawyering up and speaking up to tell what they know…
“ This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have convened but was not . That is appalling , ” an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision . “ We talk about it in the office and do n't know how Comey can keep going . ”
DID ANYONE ELSE THINK THIS EXACT SAME THING :
The agent was also surprised that the bureau did not bother to search Clinton 's house during the investigation .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : OSCARS 2019 : A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [ Video ]
“ We did n't search their house . We always search the house . The search should not just have been for private electronics , which contained classified material , but even for printouts of such material , ” he said .
“ There should have been a complete search of their residence , ” the agent pointed out . “ That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable . The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire . ”
Another special agent for the bureau that worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by Comey 's saying : “ we ” and “ I 've been an investigator . ”
“ The idea that the Clinton/e-mail case did n't go to a grand jury is ridiculous . ”
According to Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova , more FBI agents will be talking about the problems at bureau and specifically the handling of the Clinton case by Comey when Congress comes back into session and decides to force them to testify by subpoena .
“ People are starting to talk . They 're calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help . We were asked to day to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk . Comey thought this was going to go away . ”
“ The most important thing of all is that the agents have decided that they are going to talk . ”
Read more : Daily Caller
[ bitcoin-dev ] Confidential Transactions as a soft fork ( using segwit )
Since the release of sidechains alpha , confidential transactions [ 1 ] by Greg Maxwell have show how they could greatly improve transaction privacy and fungibility of bitcoin . Unfortunately without a hardfork or pegged sidechain it was not easy to enable them in bitcoin . The segregated witness [ 2 ] proposal by Pieter Wuille allows reducing the blockchain to a mere utxo changeset while putting all cryptographic proofs ( redeemscript/pubkeys/signatures ) for the inputs into a witness part . Segwit also allows upgradable scripting language . All can be done with a soft fork . We propose an upgrade to segwit to allow transactions to have both witnessIns and witnessOuts . We also propose 3 new transactions types : blinding , unblinding and confidential . Valid blocks containing any of these new transactions MUST also include a mandatory special output in their coinbase transaction and a new special confidential base transaction . The basic idea for confidential transaction is to use 0 value inputs and outputs while having the encrypted amounts ( petersen-commitment + range-proof ) in the witnessOut part . These transactions are valid under old rules ( but currently non-standard ) . For blinding , unblinding and miner fees we use a single anyone-can-spend output ( GCTXO ) which will be updated in every block containing confidential transactions . Blinding transaction : Ins : All non-confidential inputs are valid Outs : - 0 .. N : ( new confidential outputs ) amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_2 < 0x { 32-byte-hash-value } > witnessOut : < 0x { petersen-commitment } > < 0x { range-proof } > - last : amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_RETURN OP_2 { blinding-fee-amount } Fee : Sum of the all inputs value The last output 's script is also a marker of the transaction being a blinding tx . After the soft fork , a block is invalid if the miner claims the fees for himself instead of putting it into a special coinbase output . Coinbase transaction : If the block contains blinding transactions , it MUST send the sum of all their fees to a new output : GCTXO [ coinbase ] The scriptPubkey does not really matter since it will be only spendable under strict rules in the same block 's confidential base transaction . Maybe OP_TRUE . Unblinding transaction : Ins : prev : CTXO [ n ] scriptSig : ( empty ) witnessIn : < signature > < 0x { redeemscript } > Outs : - 0 .. N : amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_RETURN OP_2 { amount-to-be-unblinded } { p2sh-destination } witnessOut : ( empty ) - last : amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_RETURN OP_2 { unblinding-fee-amount } Fee : 0 This transaction remove the confidential outputs from the utxo set . This outpoints itself is not spendable ( it 's OP_RETURN ) , but the same block will contain a confidential base transaction created by the miner that will satisfy the amount and p2sh-destination ( refunded using GCTXO ) . Confidential transaction : Ins : - 0 .. N : prev : CTXO [ n ] scriptSig : ( empty ) witnessIn : < signature > < 0x { redeemscript } > Outs : - 0 .. N : amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_2 < 0x { 32-byte-hash-value } > witnessOut : < 0x { petersen-commitment } > < 0x { range-proof } > - last : amount : 0 scriptPubkey : OP_RETURN OP_2 { confidential-fee-amount } Fee : 0 All inputs and outputs and have amount 0 and are everyone can spend V2 segwit , thus valid under old rules . Transaction valid under new rules obviously only if petersen commitment and range-proof in witnessOut valid . Minerfee for this transaction is expressed as one extra output : Confidential base transaction : Ins : GCTXO [ last_block ] , GCTXO [ coinbase ] Outs : 0 : GCTXO [ current_block ] amount : { last_block + coinbase - unblindings } scriptPubkey : OP_TRUE 1 .. N : amount/scriptPubkey : as requested by unblinding transactions in this block Fee : Sum of all the explicit OP_RETURN OP_2 { ... } expressed fees from confidential transactions in this block This special transaction in last position in every block that contains at least one of the new transaction types . Created by the miner of the block and used to do the actual unblinding and redeeming transaction fees for all confidential transactions . There will always be only 1 GCTXO in the utxo set . This allows for full accountability for 21 million bitcoin . Should a vulnerability in CT be discovered all unconfidential bitcoins remain safe . Under these new rules , a block is only valid if all amounts/commitments/range-proofs match . A a miner trying use GCTXO other than allowed in the single confidential base transaction will be orphaned . [ 1 ] https : //people.xiph.org/~greg/confidential_values.txt [ 2 ] https : //github.com/CodeShark/bips/blob/segwit/bip-codeshark-jl2012-segwit.mediawiki Sorry for the form , this is just a quick draft of a thought I had today . Please comment . Felix Weis -- -- -- -- -- -- -- next part -- -- -- -- -- -- -- An HTML attachment was scrubbed ... URL : < http : //lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/attachments/20160106/94ee558a/attachment.html >
By Arden Farhi , Major Garrett and Steve Chaggaris
State of the transition
The state of the transition is “ stalled ... scrambling ... and on pause , ” according to several sources familiar with the transition . The team at this point is not “ up and running fully ” after “ blowing up ” the team , beginning with Chris Christie 's recent ouster as the chairman of the transition team .
One sign -- personnel announcements that were supposed to be made this week have been put on hold . Members of the transition staff are waiting for further instructions from Trump Tower .
For all intents and purposes , Christie no longer has a role in the transition , although formally he was merely demoted to the level of vice chair , a title held by several members of the team . He 's “ gone , not involved -- on the sideline , ” according to one source , as is ally Mike Rogers .
A Republican member of the national security establishment told CBS News ' David Martin that Rogers was forced off the transition team because of his closeness to Chris Christie , who had been in charge of the transition before he was demoted last week . Trump replaced Christie at the top of the transition team with Pence . The other strike against Rogers , according to Martin 's source , was that he had done his own investigation of Benghazi and found that Hillary Clinton had done nothing wrong .
Rick Dearborn , a top aide to Senator Sessions , has filled some of the void left by Team Christie 's departure . His is an operational role inside the transition , researching potential appointees .
CBS News reports that Trump can be expected to name a national security team before other posts . The economic team is expected to be named second .
Ben Carson will retain his advisory role within the transition but he will not have a job in the administration .
Tom Barrack will be named chairman of the inaugural committee as soon as Tuesday . Lew Eisenberg is expected to be finance chair for the inaugural committee , and Ray Washburne will serve as one of the vice chairs .
The transition has begun staffing an advance unit that will work through the inauguration . One source told CBS that Mr. Trump is expected to hold rallies in January to build on the election result in an effort to create some resonance with the public and produce a pro-Trump atmosphere about his promises and early initiatives . These rallies -- planning for which is in disarray -- were initially conceived as a seven-state thank-you tour before the inauguration .
Cabinet appointments
Secretary of State : Rudy Giuliani is pushing “ hard , hard , hard ” for secretary of state , according to a source . He wants it and is the leading contender at this point . However , one source called the speculation a potential ego boost to Giuliani and his appointment has not yet been finalized .
Attorney General : Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , is under consideration .
Secretary of Defense : Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , is among those being considered . She 's seen as qualified , available and Trump needs to include a woman in his cabinet . Ayotte rescinded her support of Trump during the campaign over the 2005 “ Access Hollywood ” video on which Trump could be heard using lewd language about women . Ayotte lost her re-election race against New Hampshire Gov . Maggie Hassan .
Secretary of Commerce : Ray Washburne , a Texas-based businessman and Republican fundraiser , is under consideration . There is at least one other candidate .
Trump and Pence in meetings at Trump Tower
Donald Trump has been in meetings with Vice President-elect Mike Pence , as he works on filling out his Cabinet , including top national security posts . Pence was seen entering Trump Tower armed with a thick briefing book .
Why Trump 's appointment of Stephen Bannon is controversial
According to the AP , the switch in roles between Christie and Pence has slowed Mr. Trump 's ability to coordinate with the White House . Pence has yet to sign a memorandum of understanding facilitating interactions between transition officials and Obama administration officials , effectively pausing those efforts . Christie had previously signed the document , but it 's no longer valid , given Pence 's promotion . And Pentagon and State Department officials say they have yet to hear from the transition team .
The New York billionaire also was considering tapping Richard Grenell as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , a move that would bring some experience and diversity to his nascent administration . Grenell , who served as U.S. spokesman at the U.N. under President George W. Bush , would be the first openly gay person to fill a Cabinet-level foreign policy post .
The transition planning comes amid an intense and extended backlash from Trump 's decision on Sunday to appoint Steve Bannon , a man celebrated by the white nationalist movement , to serve as his chief strategist and senior adviser .
Until joining Trump 's campaign this summer , Bannon led the Breitbart website that appealed to the so-called “ alt-right ” - a movement often associated with efforts on the far right to preserve “ white identity , ” oppose multiculturalism and defend “ Western values . ”
House Speaker Paul Ryan -- who was just unanimously re-has been a frequent Breitbart target . Asked about Bannon 's appointment , Ryan said , “ I would just simply say the president will be judged on results . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Johnston with an army of iconic Star Wars models
Over the past six months , movie fans and Star Wars nerds have had the rare opportunity to purchase on eBay the souvenirs and artwork from the personal collection of legendary special effects pioneer and film director Joe Johnston .
The designer or co-designer of iconic characters ( and vehicles ) such as Yoda , Ewoks , Boba Fett , the Millennium Falcon , the AT-ATs and X-Wing planes , Johnston has an incredible archive from Star Wars alone , which fans have been eager to bid on .
Over the course of 2014 , Johnston has been selling not only from those films , but from his directorial efforts , which include favorites such as Honey , I Shrunk the Kids ; Jumanji ; The Rocketeer ; October Sky ; Jurassic Park III ; and Captain America : The First Avenger .
Johnston , in New Zealand for pre-production on a new TNT show called Lumen , answered some questions via email about his auctions , Star Wars , his career , working with Robin Williams , and more . You can also check out his site at JoeJohnstonSketchbook.com .
So , first off , why put these items up for auction ?
I recently moved out of a house I 'd been in for over twelve years . I had been storing things in boxes that I had moved from house to house since the '80s . I had no idea what was in them , just that they were film-related . When I opened up the boxes and found all this stuff that I had n't seen or touched , some of it for over thirty years , I thought why should this stuff be sitting in boxes if there are fans out there who would love to have it in their collection ?
View photos
A young Johnston working on a CR90 Corellian Corvette
What has been the hardest thing to part with ? What wo n't you part with ?
I wo n't part with the personal stuff . I have notes from George Lucas and Steven Spielberg , telegrams ( from before the days of email ) wishing me luck on the first day of photography , things like that . I have storyboards that George drew in the very early days of Star Wars that I 'll never part with , even though they 're probably the most valuable things I have .
But I 'm not selling the items to make money , it 's more to get it out in the world where it will be appreciated . I 've let my original t-shirt and poster art go , which was probably the hardest thing to part with , but I do n't hang my own art in the house and I did n't want to put it back into storage . I 'm friends with several of the serious collectors who will allow me to have high quality scans made if I want to reproduce it , but I 'm very happy that fans want to own the art and protect it far better than I have over the years .
Of all the iconic elements that you designed for Star Wars , which changed the most from initial draft to final product ? How did Yoda develop ? How about Boba Fett ?
Yoda started as rough sketches that were finalized in a clay sculpt by Stuart Freeborn who , rumor has it , modeled Yoda 's features after his own . Whenever there was a collaboration with the English craftsman the design tended to evolve a little more than the homegrown ILM designs .
Boba Fett stayed pretty true to the original design on paper , the ones that Ralph [ McQuarrie ] and I had done . The character was originally a “ Super-Trooper , ” all in white like the stormtroopers , but George decided to make him a bounty hunter so I painted the suit up as a multi-colored , beat-up outfit . Loads of fun !
View photos
A storyboard showing Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi
Have you had any involvement in the new Star Wars ? Has J.J. Abrams asked you to consult on any designs ?
None whatsoever , but I did notice that he 's gone back to the original twin-nacelle X-wing design , much sleeker and aeronautic than the four-engine . Smart .
A study looking at the impact of 20 different waste streams on marine life has been published by Washington D.C. based non-profit environmental advocacy group , Ocean Conservancy and Australian Federal government organization , the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization .
Claimed to be a ‘ first-of-its-kind ' analysis , the report looks at the impact of 20 ocean trash items on seabirds , marine mammals and sea turtles conducted using expert elicitation was published today in Marine Policy by Ocean Conservancy and Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization ( CSIRO ) .
According to Ocean Conservancy , until now , the impact of marine debris items , such as plastic bags and fishing gear , to populations of these animals has been far less clear .
An analysis based on a survey of 274 experts representing 19 fields of study assigned scores for entanglement , ingestions and contamination on a shortlist of items culled from 30 years of data from Ocean Conservancy 's International Coastal Cleanup .
The study found that a wide variety of items pose threats to marine wildlife through entanglement , ingestion , or contamination , suggesting that a comprehensive approach to preventing plastics from entering the ocean is vitally needed .
Among the items , abandoned and lost fishing gear like nets , fishing line and buoys were found to pose the greatest overall threat to marine wildlife , primarily because of entanglement .
Plastic bags emerged as the second most harmful item as they are often confused for food by marine mammals . Smaller items like balloons were also found to be harmful .
“ We now have the best , most comprehensive assessment of trash and plastic waste on some of our most iconic marine wildlife , ” commented Nicholas Mallos , director of the Trash Free Seas Program at Ocean Conservancy .
“ With this knowledge comes the responsibility to seek the most effective solutions to stem the tide of plastics into our ocean , ” he continued . “ These solutions must range from changing our own behavior as consumers to local efforts like coastal cleanups and product- specific policy , to transformative ways to manage plastic waste at the global scale . ”
According to the organisations , 8 million metric tonnes of plastic leak into the world 's ocean every year and the amount continues to grow .
Without concerted global action , there could be one ton of plastic for every 3 tonnes of fish by 2025 , the authors warned - leading to significant environmental , economic and health issues . At least 80 % of ocean plastic was said to originate from land-based sources .
Expert Elicitation
The study , Using Expert Elicitation to Estimate the Impacts of Plastic Pollution on Marine Wildlife , called for a holistic , cross-sector approach to minimize the overall impact of plastic pollution on the ocean .
“ Our study confirms what many scientists have suspected for some time — that there are likely to be substantial numbers of animals injured or killed by fishing line , plastic bags , balloons and other plastic consumer items every year , ” said Chris Wilcox , senior researcher at CSIRO and lead author on the paper .
The study informs the work of the Trash Free Seas Alliance® , an effort by Ocean Conservancy to unite industry , science and conservation leaders who share a common goal for a healthy ocean free of trash .
“ We have seen a striking number of marine mammals harmed by ocean plastic – from seal pups to sperm whales . While bag bans and beach cleanups are a positive step forward , larger scale solutions are needed for the ocean plastic problem , which is why we are a member of the Trash Free Seas Alliance , ” commented Jeff Boehm , executive director of The Marine Mammal Center .
“ By working with industry , conservation groups , scientists and governments to reduce the amount of plastic going into the ocean , we can dramatically improve the lives of marine mammals and other wildlife . ”
Read More
Waste to Fuel Project to Clean Up Plastic Debris from the Pacific
Covanta Energy Corporation and Project Kaisei have joined forces to clean up ocean debris as part of a project commitment with the Clinton Global Initiative .
Waste Management Key to Cleaning up Oceans
Discarded plastic , industrial waste and unwanted fishing nets are still a growing problem for the world 's oceans , despite decades of efforts to reduce such marine debris . However , a new set of commitments - set out during the recent Fifth international Marine Debris Conference - hope to encourage the sharing of technical , legal and market-based solutions to reduce marine debris .
Waste Plastic Particles Putting Great Lakes Food Chain at Risk
The North American Great Lakes have become polluted with a huge amount of microscopic waste plastic debris , according to scientists reporting at the 245th National Meeting & Exposition of the American Chemical Society .
Largely absent from the meeting , however , were doctors and surgeons who work with intersex patients , many of whom vehemently disagree that intersex surgeries are harmful .
`` It 's clear that there 's a pretty big investment in this issue now — it 's really historic , '' Kimberly Zieselman , the executive director of the intersex advocacy group Advocates for Informed Choice , who was part of the meeting , told BuzzFeed News . `` That 's a big milestone for the intersex movement . ''
The meeting brought together nearly three dozen intersex activists , heads of NGOs , members of U.N. offices on health and children 's rights , and many others .
`` Such violations are rarely discussed and even more rarely investigated or prosecuted , '' Hussein said . `` The result is impunity for the perpetrators , lack of remedy for victims , and a perpetuating cycle of ignorance and abuse . ''
`` Too many people assume , without really thinking about it , that everyone can be fitted into two distinct and mutually exclusive categories : male or female , '' said Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , the U.N. 's high commissioner for human rights , in his opening remarks .
This week 's meeting also discussed human rights violations such as infanticide and widespread discrimination that occurs against intersex people around the world . But the issue of how to end the practice of intersex surgeries was front and center .
The U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights meeting , held in Geneva , builds off a 2013 report by the U.N. 's Special Rapporteur on Torture calling on the world 's nations to outlaw `` genital normalizing '' surgeries on intersex individuals .
This week the United Nations convened its first meeting to address the issue of human rights violations against people with ambiguous genitalia , also known as intersex .
Intersex people are born with sex traits — either external or internal — that do n't fall neatly into the biological categories of `` male '' and `` female . ''
An estimated 1 in every 2,000 babies are born with traits that doctors would classify as intersex , though some experts say the real number is even higher .
When these babies are born , in the U.S. and elsewhere , it 's common medical practice to operate on them to make their genitalia appear more typically male or female .
The surgeries have been the subject of fierce debate for several decades . Many activists argue that they are medically unnecessary , based on social fears about ambiguous genitalia , and can cause physical or psychological harm — all without the patient 's consent . For this reason , many activists refer to the surgeries as `` intersex genital mutilation , '' drawing a comparison to the cultural practice of female genital mutilation that has been outlawed in many countries .
But some bioethicists argue that characterizing intersex surgeries as torture could do harm to a movement that will also need the support of the medical community .
`` These are social interventions on your genitals — if we 're going to use that language about Africa , we 're going to have to use it here , '' Alice Dreger , a historian of medicine and intersex patient advocate , told BuzzFeed News . `` The parallel that they 're done for social reasons is very clear . But it 's going to be very difficult to convince most doctors that the surgeries constitute a human rights violation . ''
Many doctors agree that more long-term outcome studies are necessary to understand whether intersex children who are raised without surgical intervention grow up to be healthy and happy . But for now , those studies are few and far between .
By equating surgery with torture , some doctors argue , activists are further tying the hands of a medical community that is trying to act in their patients ' best interest .
`` This completely antagonizes the medical community . This is not progress , in my opinion , '' Eric Vilain , professor of human genetics and pediatrics at UCLA , told BuzzFeed News . `` It 's a tactic that 's likely to work , and it 's a tactic that will prevent us from actually understanding what 's going on . ''
Regardless , advocates say , after decades of intersex people speaking out , the meeting was a sign that their voices are finally gaining international attention .
`` Physicians constantly say to me that lawsuits and laws are not the way to change medical practice , '' Dreger said . `` And I say , I agree with you , but if you will not change your practices — then that 's what it 'll take . ''
The U.N. human rights office plans to release a public document about next steps in the next two to six months .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Arsenal are weighing up a £35million double raid on Swansea for striker Michu and defender Ashley Williams as the club look to respond to mounting criticism over their lack of signings .
Saturday 's 3-1 home defeat to Aston Villa provoked an angry response from supporters , who booed the team off at the final whistle and chanted “ spend some f * * * * * g ” money to manager Arsene Wenger .
The Gunners have only signed 20-year-old striker Yaya Sanogo , having been frustrated in their pursuits of a number of leading players including Gonzalo Higuain , Luis Suarez , Luiz Gustavo and Wayne Rooney .
The Arsenal Supporters ' Trust last night called for the suspension of talks over an extension to Wenger 's contract — which expires in the summer — claiming “ this is inappropriate ” with the transfer window open until September 2 .
Wenger has admitted he wants “ two or three ” signings and is now considering moving for a couple of players he has tracked for some time .
Michu enjoyed a hugely successful first season in English football , scoring 22 goals . It is understood that Swansea are reluctant to sell but have valued the 27-year-old at £25m in the knowledge that a bid at that level would be hard to reject , especially with Michael Laudrup still keen to add to his squad .
Arsenal view that figure as excessive , especially given Michu cost Swansea just £2m from Rayo Vallecano last summer but in the context of their other centre-forward targets , the deal could prove attractive .
Liverpool remains adamant Suarez will not be sold this month and the Gunners have not been encouraged to make a new bid .
More on the Gunners ...
The Gunners retain an interest in Rooney but with Manchester United equally robust in their stance blocking the 27-year-old 's departure , Michu has emerged as an intriguing alternative .
The Spaniard signed a new contract in January but is thought to earn only £30,000-a-week as a basic wage before a variety of add-ons so Arsenal could offer Michu a significant increase .
The club had a £6m offer for Williams rejected this month but believe a deal could be reached at around £10m . Wenger is reluctant to go that high but the furore surrounding the club 's poor start could only intensify this week should they falter in Wednesday 's Champions League play-off first leg against Fenerbahce in Turkey .
Arsenal 's honorary vice-president Lady Nina Bracewell-Smith joined the dissenters last night when she claimed on Twitter to regret selling her shares to Stan Kroenke in 2011 .
Bracewell-Smith wrote : “ What a shame the board recommended a Kroenke takeover and paid Rothchilds 3m fee . And how deeply I regret selling to Kroenke . # AFC ”
Bracewell-Smith also called for Alisher Usmanov to have a seat on the board and again called for the return of David Dein to help Wenger negotiate on transfers .
“ Bring David Dein and give Usmanov representation on the board if we are to have success going forward . # AFC , ” she said .
The comments have since been deleted from her timeline .
Kieran Gibbs , Aaron Ramsey and Tomas Rosicky all expected to be fit for Wednesday 's game after sustaining injuries against Villa but Bacary Sagna remains a doubt .
Surgeon General 's Warning : Unwalkable Places Are Hazardous to Your Health
Physical activity is essential to people 's health , but dangerous streets and spread-out , sprawling communities prevent Americans from getting enough of it , says the U.S . Surgeon General , Dr. Vivek Murthy .
Murthy issued a call to action this morning to highlight how walking — and building walkable places — can benefit a nation where chronic diseases like heart disease , diabetes , and arthritis afflict one in two people . Walking ( or wheelchair rolling ) is a simple and free way for people to get exercise , said Murthy , and even busy people can work it into their lives by making utilitarian trips on foot .
This is n't the first time a surgeon general has highlighted the health benefits of walking , but it might be the strongest and clearest call to action of its kind so far .
The surgeon general 's campaign — # StepItUp — says explicitly that the transportation and planning professions should strive to improve public health through design that fosters walking . The first two goals of the call to action are to “ make walking a national priority ” and to “ design communities that make it safe and easy to walk for people of all ages and abilities . ”
“ Thirty percent of Americans report they do not have sidewalks in neighborhoods , ” Murthy said . “ We can change that . We can change it by city planners , transportation professionals and local government leaders working together to improve the safety and walkability of neighborhoods for people with all abilities . Community leaders and the law enforcement can work together to make sure that no American is ever unsafe walking out the door . ”
He went on :
Where you live today can be an all-too-accurate indicator of how healthy you will be . Health disparities continue to grow in many of our communities . I am particularly concerned about the explosion of chronic diseases such as diabetes , heart disease , cancer , and obesity . They are responsible for seven out of 10 deaths and cost us trillions of dollars every year . I have cared for many patients who have had chronic illnesses . Many of these illnesses could have been prevented . I sat by the bedsides of these patients . I have talked with them and their families . I have witnessed firsthand the kind of suffering that chronic illness can cause individuals and families . That is why , when I became Surgeon General , I vowed to take on this epidemic of chronic disease as a central focus of my tenure . It turns out that one of the most powerful things we can do to turn the tide on chronic disease is something we have been doing for millennia . That is walking .
U.S . DOT 's assistant secretary for transportation policy , Carlos Monje , was on hand to plug the GROW AMERICA Act , the administration 's proposal for a long-term transportation bill .
Also of note for people looking for something to listen to on power walks : The surgeon general 's Call to Action comes complete with a Pandora playlist including Johnny Cash 's I Walk the Line , Aerosmith 's Walk This Way , and Dire Straits ' Walk of Life .
Trinity College Board has approved that the title given to first and second year undergraduate students be changed from “ Freshman ” to the gender-neutral term “ Fresh ” . The change was proposed by the Equality Committee .
In an email sent by Chris Morash , Vice-Provost and Trinity College Dublin Students ' Union ( TCDSU ) President Kevin Keane , stated that the change “ will ensure that all Trinity students are equally included by the language used to describe them ; be they male , female or of another gender identity ” .
Morash said that the alteration of the title “ is a concrete expression of the university 's commitment to gender equality , as set out in our Strategic Plan 2014-2019 , Diversity and Inclusion Strategy and Athena SWAN Gender Action Plan ” .
Changes are expected to be made over a three-year implementation period . The term “ Freshman ” will be updated as part of routine document reviews . The changes will be made to outlets such as handbooks , social media , reports , and teaching material .
Morash also noted that the centenary of women 's suffrage is to occur in 2018 , and said that “ it is timely to reflect on changes in our student body since ‘ Freshman ' first came into use , and to ensure those changes are reflected in the name we give them ” .
Additional reporting by Seana Davis .
A team led by Vishal Shah at Deutsche Bank has predicted there will be nearly 50GW of installed solar capacity in the USA by 2017 , with 20 to 30GW of installed distributed generation expected to be one of the key drivers for growth .
According to NPD Solarbuzz the installed capacity in the US , as of July 2013 , was 10GW .
The September Deutsche Bank research note also predicted a rush of installations ahead of the reduction in investment tax credit ( ITC ) which will take place in 2016 .
The analysis is based on levelised cost of energy ( LCOE ) , gross lifetime cost of system and lifetime electricity production , with ITC inclusion also factored in .
The report asserts that grid parity has already been attained in 10 US states as system costs of solar have fallen below US $ 3 per Watt . Hawaii and California lead tables of states at or near grid parity in the residential , commercial and industrial sectors .
In 2016 , when ITCs will still be at the 30 % level , Shah expects up to 47 states to have attained grid parity , however , when the ITC is reduced to 10 % this figure could drop to 36 , which still represents 70 % of the total number of states .
According to the forecast , despite rising interest rates , costs will continue to fall . Financing models such as 'yieldcos ' , where companies put liquid assets into an operational or nearly operational project thus reaping tax benefits across the entire organisation , and strong demand from Japan and China , will , in Shah 's view , offset interest rate rises . Shah predicts that the use of yieldco structures could lower costs of financing projects by as much as 200 to 300 basis points and provide liquidity .
Of the residential , commercial and industrial sectors , residential solar power still has the most markets at grid parity , followed by commercial . Industrial still has the furthest distance to go to attain grid parity .
The report 's finding conclude that US installation rates are expected to continue to rise , with a rush of activity pre-ITC reduction in 2016 . According to the report , 2015 is expected to mark an inflection point for solar power in the USA .
MOSCOW , Russia — Anyone getting their information about Egypt from Russia Today would have learned that the United States orchestrated the uprising , the Muslim Brotherhood was formed by MI6 and opposition leader Mohamed El Baradei was a Free Mason .
Five years since its launch , the English-language channel has become home to fringe ideas and rabid anti-American rhetoric . At the same time , Qatar-based Al Jazeera English has proved itself indispensable , in a time of decreasing television budgets , to the coverage of global stories such as the Egypt uprising — bringing non-stop live coverage as the events unfolded and holding interviews with those most relevant to the story .
Another difference between the two ? Russia Today is widely carried by major U.S. cable providers such as TimeWarner . Al Jazeera is not .
Al Jazeera English launched to suspicious fanfare in November 2006 . Former U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld had famously called the coverage of the Iraq War provided by its Arabic-language sister channel “ vicious , inaccurate and inexcusable. ” Former U.S. President George W. Bush reportedly mused about bombing its Doha headquarters ( a report the White House denied ) .
Yet in four years it has grown into a respected news channel , watched by policymakers as it provides — by virtue of its budget , location and focus — incomparable breadth of coverage of the Middle East . What the 1991 Persian Gulf War was for CNN , so the ongoing crisis in Egypt may well be for Al Jazeera English .
“ There 's been an incredible amount of interest in Al Jazeera English from around the world , and the U.S. in particular , ” said Al Jazeera spokesman Osama Saeed , noting that nearly half of the channel 's website visits have come from the United States . As the channel began live-streaming the events on Tahrir Square and around Egypt , site traffic skyrocketed by 2,500 percent . The channel has launched a campaign , including an online petition and taking out full-page ads in major newspapers , to get on the air in the United States .
Meanwhile , U.S. viewers can tune in to Russia Today , also known as RT .
They would have seen a report called “ Color Me Revolution ” on Jan. 28 , four days after Egyptian protesters first took to the street demanding a change in government . Rather than delving into Egyptians ' complaints about their government — or the state 's reaction — RT instead compared the uprising to failed uprisings in post-Soviet states such as Georgia and Ukraine . “ Ultimately all aspirations came to nothing , ” the reporter says . “ Those false dawns and bitter lessons are far from the minds of those clamoring for change in North Africa , ” he adds , before cutting to commentary from the editor of a Venezuelan state-run newspaper .
Two days later , on Jan. 30 , viewers would have seen another report looking into the “ real ” reasons for the uprising . An anchor asks her guest , a blogger beamed in from Winnipeg , Canada : “ What 's America 's real agenda here ? ” Henry Makow answers : “ I think El Baradei is a Free Mason and the Zionists are Free Masons and the people who run the United States , the Illuminati , are Free Masons and this is about consolidating the Masonic new world order. ” The anchor replies : “ Alright , many thanks for those thoughts on what we 're seeing in Egypt at the moment . ”
RT 's management admits mistakes were made , but stands by their coverage . The Jan. 30 interview was not re-aired and Makow has been banned from the channel . “ Much to our regret , at the end of his interview , he started speaking total gibberish , ” said Margarita Simonyan , RT 's editor-in-chief .
Yet often , far-out guests are given free rein to “ speak total gibberish , ” unquestioned by a corps of reporters that largely comprises recent journalism school graduates with little experience . ( A recent favorite has been Colleen Thomas , an American woman who claims to be in on secret alien doomsday plans . )
“ We believe our coverage of events in Egypt was quite successful , ” said Simonyan . “ While mainstream media found it possible to label the protesters 'pro-democracy , ' even though what most of Mubarak 's opponents were looking for on Cairo 's streets was far from democracy , we were trying to cover the developments from a wider angle . ”
Even current and former employees , who declined to speak ill on the record about a former employer , do n't necessarily agree .
“ I liked RT when I first started working there , ” said a former employee . “ They were exposing stories on human rights violations , political activists under siege — stuff the U.S. media never touched on. ” But the reporter soon grew disenchanted , saying editors often “ added extreme opinion into the stories ” without the reporter 's approval . “ They over-exaggerate details and to a certain degree make up details — details that had no importance to daily news . ”
Some reporters at the channel wondered why RT , normally so quick to criticize the United States , was relatively muted in its coverage of the BP oil spill last summer . One reporter wondered if BP were about to make a deal with Russia . “ I thought he was being paranoid , ” the former reporter said . “ And that 's what happened. ” In January , Russian state-run oil giant Rosneft announced a “ strategic global alliance ” with BP , including a share swap and the potential for Arctic exploration .
Russia Today is 100 percent owned by the Russian government , which maintains a stranglehold over television news at home , using it more as a tool of propaganda than information .
“ It 's not really a news channel , even though it uses all the visual mechanisms of one , ” said another former employee , one of several who left RT to join Al Jazeera English . “ Its whole reason to be is very different . ”
“ It 's a form of PR , an extension of the government — but it 's done nicely and lightly and in a very entertaining way , ” the former employee said .
And it does work . Citing Nielsen ratings , Simonyan says RT 's daily viewership outnumbers that of other English-language international channels in the United States , such as Euronews and France 24 . It holds strong numbers in places like Germany and South Africa , as well as across central Europe and Asia . It has become particularly successful online , with its channel reaching 250 million views on YouTube ( 30 million views ahead , Simonyan notes , of Al Jazeera English ) .
“ An awful lot of it is to do with filling a niche which has n't been filled , ” said the former employee now at Al Jazeera . “ I think they realize deep down they ca n't keep up directly with the more broad networks and as a result what they 're trying to do is plug a gap in the market so what often results is a ludicrous attempt to gain as many viewers as possible . ”
“ It does fuel the conspiracy theorists , ” the former employee said . “ It 's capitalizing on curiosity more than anything . ”
Current and former employees say they rarely — if ever — felt direct pressure to present a certain point of view or carry a certain party line . And the employee who used to work at RT and now works at Al Jazeera says that was the case at both channels . The difference ? “ Al Jazeera is all about scrutinizing the status quo , RT seems more of a social experiment . You felt like you were part of an organization that did n't quite understand what it was doing . ”
Simonyan would not agree . “ I would say we 've achieved much more than we could have expected , ” she said , when asked to look back at the past five years . The channel 's viewership is growing , as is its reach .
As for Al Jazeera , several reporters at the channel said they felt like they were on the cusp of something big , namely , being taken seriously in the United States .
“ We 're even being watched in the White House , ” the channel 's spokesman said .
Federal court dismisses SPD cops ' lawsuit decrying use-of-force reforms
A federal judge filed a ruling Monday that eviscerated the lawsuit filed by 126 Seattle cops decrying their employer 's new use-of-force policies .
The cops filed a suit in May claiming that federally mandated use-of-force policies intended to correct a 2011 Department of Justice finding of `` pattern of excessive force '' in the department violated officers ' constitutional rights to self-defense and legal searches and seizures .
The suit was filed against U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , the City of Seattle , Mayor Ed Murray , former Mayor Mike McGinn , the Seattle police chief , City Attorney Pete Holmes and Merrick Bobb , the Department of Justice 's monitor of the Seattle Police Department , among several others .
The lawsuit argued that the new force guidelines , which took effect Jan. 1 , violated officers ' Second Amendment right to bear arms for the purpose of self-defense , as well as a Fourth Amendment right to be protected from illegal seizures . The complaint also alleged a violation of the Equal Protection Clause , saying the new force policies burdened their fundamental rights .
Read more background on the lawsuit here .
At the time , the Seattle Police Department distanced itself from the claims of its officers and U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkan derided the lawsuit as `` without merit . ''
Judge Marsha Pechman seemed to agree in her Monday dismissal of the lawsuit .
First , she granted Bobb 's motion to dismiss the suit against him because he is legally immune from lawsuits as an actor of the federal court at the behest of a judge .
As for the Second Amendment complaint , Pechman wrote , `` ( W ) hile the Second Amendment protects and individual 's right to bear arms , the Second Amendment does not provide that individuals have a right to use a firearm in any particular way . ''
She goes on :
`` Plaintiffs can point to no case establishing that the Second Amendment codified a free-standing right to self-defense , as opposed to case law interpreting the textual Second Amendment rights to 'keep and bear arms ' in light of their porposes ( which the Supreme Court has held include the facilitaiton of self-defense . ... `` ( T ) he Supereme Court has been clear that 'the right secured by the Second Amendement is not unlimited ' and is 'not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose . ' ''
Pechman also acknowledge that the Seattle Police Depatment has a right to regulate the use of city-issued weapons used on behalf of city government .
The judge also dismissed the lawsuit 's interpretation of the Fourth Amendment altogether , claiming they `` grossly misconstrue Fourth Amendment law , '' according to the ruling .
Pechman wrote that the claim that the use-of-force policies inflice a metaphorical seizure from government actors `` misses the mark entirely . ''
Finally , Pechman ruled that the cops have no legitimate claim of an equal protection violation because they `` fail to describe themselves as members of an affected class similarly situated to those outside the class . ''
`` No Supreme Court case identifies self-defense as a 'fundamental right ' on par with the right to marry or to vote , '' Pechman wrote .
She also defended the intentions of the new use-of-force guidelines and maintained that the policy allows for several concessions depending on circumstances .
She wrote :
`` ( T ) he Police provides officers with a wide range of tools to gain control over situations and to protect themselves , from use of verbal commands to physical restraint , TASERS , pepper spray , and batons , in addition to firearms . ... The Policy is not so inflexible and arbitrary as to shock the conscience , even itf it slows or even forestalls the application of force in police interactions with resisting subjects . ''
Athan Tramountanas , who represents 91 of the plaintiff officers said : `` My clients are disappointed in today 's ruling , but remain resolute in their belief that the new use of force policy unreasonably restricts their ability to defend themselves and perform their jobs in a manner that best keeps themselves and the public safe . ''
Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole issued a statement on the ruling :
`` The Seattle Police Department is entirely committed to constitutional policing and is moving full speed ahead with implementation of the Consent Decree . As Chief , I will ensure that our officers have the policies , training , equipment and support to do their jobs safely and effectively . ''
Mayor Ed Murray welcomed Pechman 's ruling .
`` Judge Pechman 's dismissal of the suit today confirms that SPD 's use-of-force policy is both practical and constitutional , '' he said in a statement from the city . `` Today we move forward with police reform and move past internal divisions over policy . The city and the officers who filed the suit share the same objectives : safety for the public , and safe working conditions for the officers who provide for the public 's safety . ''
The lawsuit was `` dismissed with prejudice , '' meaning the decision is final and the officers can not refile the same lawsuit .
Lynsi Burton can be reached at lynsiburton @ seattlepi.com . Follow her on Twitter at @ LynsiBurton_PI .
For more Seattle police and crime news , visit Seattle 911 .
America is a global leader on a number of fronts , including having the largest economy in the world . But here is one area where the U.S. , given its general affluence , would rather not distinguish itself : It has one of the highest rates of child poverty in the industrialized world .
Even as the economy continues to recover from the Great Recession , 1 in 5 children are on food stamps , the U.S. Census said on Wednesday . Before the housing crash , 1 in 8 received federal food assistance .
This dismal statistic reflects how the recovery is failing to reach families at the lower end of the economic spectrum . While the stock market has reached record highs and the richest 1 percent are on a path to own most of the world 's wealth by 2016 , many American families continue to struggle to put food on the table . The U.S. now has the second-highest rate of child poverty among 35 industrialized nations , according to the Children 's Defense Fund , a child advocacy group .
That is a `` shameful distinction , '' the group said in a new report . `` Many countries with fewer resources have lower poverty rates , including the U.K. , New Zealand , the Czech Republic and Hungary , a clear indication the U.S. could do much more to reduce child poverty . ''
U.S. Census Bureau
The only industrialized country with a higher poverty rate ? Romania , a country that is still struggling to emerge from brutal decades under Communism and is only now starting to create a middle class .
About 15 million U.S. children live below the official poverty level of about $ 24,000 for a family of four , the Children 's Defense Fund found . Children in the U.S. have a 20 percent chance of being poor , while children of color are twice as likely to be poor as white kids .
`` It 's shocking , and it does n't have to be this way , '' Caroline Fichtenberg , director of research at the Children 's Defense Fund , told CBS MoneyWatch . `` It 's in our economic interest to address child poverty . ''
There 's a cost to America 's high rate of child poverty , the Children 's Defense Fund said . Because financially strapped parents have fewer resources and less time -- many work multiple jobs to make ends meet -- they are less likely to spend time talking and reading to their children . Hunger and food insecurity also lead to health problems , as well as a higher chance of obesity , and poor students are less likely to graduate from high school , which depresses their earnings potential .
`` The lost productivity and extra health and crime costs stemming from child poverty add up to roughly half a trillion dollars a year , or 3.8 percent of GDP , '' the report noted .
Colleges opening food pantries to ease student hunger
Food stamps are just one of the costs . Last year , the food-assistance program provided benefits for 16 million children , compared with 9 million before the recession started in December of 2007 . The rate of children who live with married parents and who are receiving food stamps , meanwhile , has doubled in that same time period , the Census said .
The findings come amid increased concern from economists and policymakers about the growing gap in the U.S. between the rich and everyone else . The top 1 percent of income earners captured all the income gains since the recession officially ended in June 2009 in 16 states , while capturing at least half of all gains in another 22 states , according to the Economic Policy Institute , a left-leaning think tank .
While the `` War on Poverty , '' started by President Lyndon Johnson in the 1960s to lower America 's poverty rate , has been successful , the recession hit many lower- and middle-income families hard .
`` Why we have the feeling we 're treading water is the economy has changed , '' Fichtenberg said . `` We have fewer jobs that pay enough to get by , we have wage stagnation and all the benefits have gone to the top 1 percent . Coming out of the recession , children have been the first to suffer and the last to benefit . ''
Boosting the fortunes of the middle class was the main theme of President Obama 's State of the Union address last week . His proposals include raising the capital gains tax and eliminating a loophole that benefits wealthy families , with the additional tax monies used to fund educational benefits and tax cuts for middle-income earners .
Reducing poverty among America 's children could be achieved through policy measures such as increasing the Earned Income Tax Credit for lower-income families and boosting the minimum wage , the Children 's Defense Fund said . Those and other policy measures could reduce the country 's child poverty rate by 60 percent , the group said .
`` By investing more in protecting children from poverty the U.S. could rejoin the ranks of peer nations , '' the report noted . `` Shrinking the U.S. relative child poverty rate by 60 percent would cut child poverty in the U.S. from 23.1 to 9.2 percent , placing the U.S. in line with countries like Germany and Switzerland . ''
Many of the government 's social safety net benefits help families as they cope with periods of income loss or financial stress , and do n't necessarily lead to dependence on government handouts , Fichtenberg added .
`` We have a culture that focuses on individual responsibility , and we completely agree with that , but we are all in the same boat and it 's in everybody 's interest '' to lift children out of poverty , she said . `` Children do n't choose their parents or who they are born to . ''
( CNN ) The teenage daughter of U.S. Olympian Tyson Gay has died after an early morning shooting in Lexington , Kentucky and police have arrested one man in connection with the crime .
Gay , a former world 100-meter and 200-meter champion , confirmed the death of his 15-year-old daughter Trinity to CNN-affiliate WLEX
`` She did n't make it . I 'm so confused , '' Gay told WLEX Sports Director Alan Cutler . `` She was just here last week for fall break . It 's so crazy . I have no idea what happened . ''
Early morning shooting
The events that took Trinity 's life occurred around 4 a.m. Sunday , according to Lexington police . They said a group of men in two cars opened fire on each other in the parking lot of a Cook Out restaurant . Trinity was shot in the neck . Police said she was not a passenger in either of the vehicles .
The men who were firing on each other fled the scene .
The scene in Lexington , KY where the deadly shooting of Trinity Gay occurred . Source : WLEX
Gay was taken to UK Hospital in a private vehicle , where she later died , police said .
Lexington police located one of the two cars involved in the shootout -- a gray Dodge Charger -- within a few hours of the incident , and detained two people for questioning . Authorities arrested 21-year-old Dvonta Middlebrooks on Sunday afternoon . Police believe he was in the parking lot when the shooting occurred and fired multiple shots .
He has been charged with wanton endangerment and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon . Another man who was questioned by police has not been charged , according to a police statement .
Police are still looking for the second vehicle , which witnesses described as a dark sports car with tinted windows .
Like father , like daughter
Gay , a native of Lexington , is the second fastest man to run the 100-meter in history , behind Usain Bolt . Gay ran the 100-meter in 9.69 seconds in 2009 , matching Bolt 's gold-winning effort at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
Gay won gold medals in the 100-meter , 200-meter and 4x100-meter relay at the 2007 world championships in Osaka , Japan . He won a silver medal for the 4x100-meter relay at the 2012 Olympic games in London , but had to return it when he tested positive for a prohibited anabolic steroid at the U.S. Championships in 2013 . Gay received a one-year ban from the U.S. Doping Agency in 2014 .
natpkg olympics tyson gay_00031327
Trinity was a rising track star herself . She attended Lafayette High School in Lexington and was a sprinter on the school 's track team , according to CNN affiliate WKYT
During a 2012 interview with CNN 's `` Aiming for Gold '' show , Gay spoke of his daughter 's athletic aspirations and his desire to nurture them . `` I 'm at a point where I want to be involved in more of her sports , '' he said . `` It was pretty amazing to watch her run and compete and still keep her spirits up high when she did n't win . ''
`` In that sense , I am trying to balance my time so I can watch her career and I can finish up my career , '' Gay said .
'Our hearts are broken '
Condolences poured in from friends and associates of both father and daughter .
`` Our hearts are broken this morning over the loss of Trinity to this tragic and senseless act of violence , '' Fayette County Schools Superintendent Manny Caulk said in a statement . `` Please join us in keeping the Gay family close in thought and prayer and supporting the students , staff and families at Lafayette High during this unspeakably difficult time . ''
The school system has activated a Crisis Team , which will be at Lafayette High School on Monday to offer counseling and support to students and staff .
Local schools and track teams expressed their grief over Trinity 's death .
She was only 15 years young . # StoptheViolence # LLTrinity — BSHS Track And Field ( @ BSHSTnF ) October 16 , 2016
Our hearts are broken this morning over the loss of Trinity to this tragic and senseless act of violence . — FayetteCountySchools ( @ ItsAboutKidsFC ) October 16 , 2016
The Arkansas Razorback athletic family sends its condolences to @ TysonLGay and his family during this difficult time . — Razorback XC/TF ( @ RazorbackTF ) October 16 , 2016
Athletes and Olympians also expressed their condolences on social media .
Sad news for a member of our @ usatf Family this morning . As you head to church pray for @ TysonLGay His daughter was killed last night . — Lauryn Williams ( @ LaurynCwilliams ) October 16 , 2016
@ TysonLGay bro want to send my condolences ... ca n't even imagine what you must be going thru . Prayers to you & ur family . 🙏🏽 — Asafa Powell ( @ officialasafa ) October 16 , 2016
Sending our thoughts & prayers to @ TysonLGay & his loved ones as they mourn the tragic & senseless loss of his daughter , Trinity . — USATF ( @ usatf ) October 16 , 2016
Tyson Gay is flying back to Lexington on Sunday .
An autopsy will be conducted on Trinity Gay Monday morning .
We 've all sent texts or e-mails we 've immediately wanted back . For the UFC 's current and former attorneys , it 's happened twice . New filings in the class-action antitrust lawsuit reveal a battle over whether the plaintiff fighters will be able to use the contents of accidentally-produced documents or whether they 'll have to be completely ignored .
According to a letter written by UFC attorney Marcy Norwood Lynch , when documents were produced in the Federal Trade Commission 's ( FTC 's ) 2011 investigation of the Strikeforce merger , the UFC 's outside counsel at the time , Axinn , Veltrop & Harkrider LLP , `` inadvertently produced some privileged documents that were later clawed back with the cooperation of the FTC . ''
According to Lynch , the documents were sequestered by the FTC but `` the privilege log and the production media were not necessarily updated to reflect such claw backs . The result is that the privilege log and the production data from the 2011 investigation that were provided to [ current UFC outside counsel Boies , Schiller & Flexner LLP ] contained several inadvertent omissions that we were unable to identify prior to producing these documents to Plaintiffs in this case . ''
In other words , it appears that the UFC 's former attorneys accidentally gave privileged documents to the FTC and , since the privilege log was n't updated , the UFC 's current attorneys turned around and handed the exact same documents to the fighters in the antitrust lawsuit .
Oh boy .
A court filing lays out exactly what happened during the discovery process .
On January 27 , 2016 , Plaintiffs notified Zuffa that Zuffa had produced a number of documents with an electronic `` slipsheet '' that states `` This document has been withheld as privilege '' [ sic ] . Despite the presence of the slipsheet , Zuffa had failed to remove the document itself from the production and produced an electronic file that contained the text of the document .
It appears that five documents the UFC believes to be privileged were turned over to the fighters . The privilege status of four documents is not being challenged , but included among them is an e-mail from Strikeforce 's VP of Legal Affairs to CEO Scott Coker with `` legal advice regarding fighter contracts '' and an analysis of four sets of agreements between a television network and its cable and satellite carriers `` in contemplation of Zuffa 's possible purchase of the television network . ''
The document in which attorney-client privilege is being challenged is a Jan. 31 , 2007 e-mail from C. Thomas Paschall , a corporate and transactional attorney at Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy LLP , to Zuffa 's CEO , COO , CFO , two Zuffa managers , and two other Milbank lawyers `` containing confidential legal analysis and advice relating to the acquisition of PRIDE FC . ''
That would seem to make it a privileged document but the fighters have a different story . They argue that even though the e-mail is from a UFC attorney , there is only one sentence which meets the standard for attorney-client privilege . Other than that , the e-mail `` simply rehashes the respective positions of parties to an arms-length business transaction . ''
The fighters believe that communications regarding the business purposes of an acquisition `` are ordinary , common business decisions '' and should not be privileged . Their position is that the e-mail gives a status report on PRIDE negotiations and shares the UFC 's business strategy in the acquisition . One particular paragraph in the e-mail `` reiterates Zuffa 's business purpose in the Pride FC acquisition and recounts Pride FC 's response to Zuffa 's offer . ''
The fighters spend two paragraphs restating claims from their complaint that the UFC 's acquisition of PRIDE is a `` Material Allegation , '' and was part of an anticompetitive scheme to eliminate rivals . They requote Dana White 's famous line , `` Pride is dead dummy ! I killed em ! ! ! '' and cite Brent Brookhouse 's 2012 Bloody Elbow piece in which White denies killing PRIDE , `` We did n't kill Pride . I 've said this many times , Pride is the only other organization that I 've ever respected . ''
Given what we know so far , it seems likely that the paragraph in question would fall into one of two categories . It might be used in a direct attempt to contradict the UFC 's denial that it purchase PRIDE in an anticompetitive scheme to eliminate rivals .
It could also be used more along the lines of a `` hot doc '' where an insider makes a statement that reveals a true intention or simply looks bad . This would be the case if the e-mail contains some sort of statement about how dominant the UFC will be after the purchase , how it will have X % of the market , or wo n't have to compete as hard for fighters .
Then again , maybe it 's more of a `` lukewarm doc . '' We just do n't know . The e-mail in question has been filed under seal with the following placeholder .
Whatever the exact text of the e-mail , it 's highly unlikely to make or break the case , but there 's clearly something the fighters want to be able to use and the UFC does n't want an expert witness or jury to see .
Somewhere out there , Sakakibara is probably smiling .
The fighters have asked the judge to hear arguments on their motion to challenge the UFC 's privilege designation at the next status conference on Apr . 25 . Bloody Elbow will keep readers informed as more information becomes available .
Paul is Bloody Elbow 's analytics writer and former provider of expert witness support in antitrust cases . Follow him @ MMAanalytics .
Korora 24
The Korora distribution is based on Fedora and provides users with several desktop editions . Each edition of Korora ships with multimedia support and with several third-party repositories enabled . This gives Korora access to a wider range of software with its default configuration .
The latest release of Korora , version 24 , is based on Fedora 24 and includes the same changes and technology as its parent . The Korora release is available in four flavours ( Cinnamon , GNOME , MATE and Xfce ) . A fifth edition featuring KDE 's Plasma desktop is planned , but was not available when I began this review . The new release media is available for the 64-bit x86 architecture exclusively , however existing Korora 23 users who run 32-bit systems can perform live upgrades to Korora 24 . The Pharlap driver manager has been removed from this release .
I decided to try the MATE edition of Korora 24 which is available as a 2GB download . The live media boots to the MATE desktop . At the top of the display we find the Applications , Places and System menus along with the system tray . Down the left side we find a quick-launch bar and there is a task switcher at the bottom of the screen . On the desktop is a single icon for launching the system installer . Shortly after the desktop loads , a welcome screen appears . The welcome screen offers us quick access to various resources , including a document on finding additional software and community support . The welcome screen provides us with a list of new features available in Korora 24 ( such as version 6 of the GNU Compiler Collection ) . Other buttons on the welcome screen launch the system installer and open a web browser to the project 's support forum .
Korora uses the same graphical system installer Fedora uses . We begin by selecting our preferred language from a list . Then we are brought to a hub screen where we can access various configuration modules . These modules , which we can run in any order , help us set our keyboard 's layout , partition the hard disk and set up networking . I find the installer 's partitioning screen oddly awkward to use , the controls are not clear and the partition manager has some odd quirks . For example , the only way I have found to get it to use up the available space on a disk is to leave the size field of a new partition blank . At any rate , we next move on to a second hub screen where we are asked to create a password for the root account . We can optionally set up a regular user account on this second hub page while the installer copies its file in the background . When the installer is finished we can return to Korora 's live desktop environment and continue to explore until we are ready to reboot and try our new copy of the distribution .
Korora 24 -- Using the on-screen keyboard
( full image size : 692kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
Our locally installed copy of Korora boots to a graphical login screen decorated with the project 's logo . From there we can sign in to our user account , bringing us back to the MATE desktop . The first time we login , the welcome screen appears , giving us access to the distribution 's documentation and support resources . Earlier I mentioned the general two-panel ( and a launch bar ) layout of the MATE edition . I would also like the share the observation that Korora uses a changing background , giving us a variety of wallpapers . The distribution uses a high contrast theme with round icons , which I find fairly pleasant . However , there were aspects to the default theme I found troublesome . For example , some application windows could be resized from the bottom corners of the window while other applications had to be resized from the top corners of the window . This meant I regularly switched back and forth between resizing methods and there did not seem to be any easy way to tell which applications used which behaviour . I also found the default theme made it difficult to tell when a button or widget had been selected by a keyboard action . This made navigating applications using the keyboard unusually challenging .
Digging through Korora 's application menu we find the Firefox web browser ( without Adobe 's Flash plugin ) , the Thunderbird e-mail client , the HexChat IRC software , the Liferea RSS feed reader , the Pidgin messaging software and the Ekiga softphone . LibreOffice is available as are the FBReader e-book reader and the Atril document viewer . The Darktable and Shotwell photo managers are included along with the GNU Image Manipulation Program , the Inkscape application and a scanning tool . The Asunder audio CD ripper is available along with the Audacious audio player , the Audacity audio editor and the Handbrake media transcoder . I found a copy of the Pitivi video editing software , the VLC multimedia player and the Xfburn disc burning software . Attempting to play video files would cause the VLC player to launch and successfully play the given video . However , when I tried to play audio files the Audacious player would launch and report it was missing the necessary codecs . Opening the same audio files with VLC would cause the audio files to play . Exploring the application menu further we find the Caja file manager , the GParted disk partitioning tool , a system monitor and a policy generator for SELInux . Korora ships with an on screen keyboard , an ownCloud desktop client , a text editor , calculator and archive manager . In the background we find Java , the GNU Compiler Collection and systemd version 229 . Network Manager is available to help us get on-line . Korora ships with version 4.6.3 of the Linux kernel .
Korora 24 -- Getting news updates with Liferea
( full image size : 785kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
I ran Korora in a VirtualBox virtual machine and on a desktop computer . Korora worked well on the physical desktop machine . The system was responsive and my hardware was properly detected . The distribution worked fairly well in the VirtualBox environment too , but by default could not handle displaying the desktop using my screen 's full resolution . VirtualBox guest modules can be found in the default set of software repositories and installing them allowed the distribution to make full use of my display . In either environment Korora tended to use about 370MB of memory when logged into the MATE desktop . Korora was generally stable during my experiment . The system locked up just once while I was trying to logout , forcing a hard reboot .
After using Korora for a while I realized I had not been notified of any new software updates . I opened the distribution 's software manager , Yum Extender , which acts as a front-end to the DNF package manager . Yum Extender provides us with tools to perform searches for packages and we can see lists of installed packages and software available for download . Packages are listed in simple text format with the name of each package and a description . We can check a box next to a package to mark it for installation or removal . Yum Extender can also enable/disable repositories with recognized repositories including Google , VirtualBox and RPMFusion .
Korora 24 -- Managing packages with Yum Extender
( full image size : 663kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
Yum Extender tends to be a bit on the slow side , taking a long time to refresh its repository information . Though I do think the current release operates faster than past versions of the software manager . I also found it odd Yum Extender displays both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of packages on a 64-bit system , greatly padding the number of packages available .
The first day I was running Korora there were 164 updates available , totalling 369MB in size . I tried to install these new packages using Yum Extender and the software manager failed , reporting it could not proceed due to dependency issues . I immediately switched to a virtual terminal and tried to install the waiting updates with the DNF command line program . DNF was able to successfully download and install all available updates . As using DNF was faster and more reliable , I tended to stick with using the command line program for managing software . The one issue with DNF I ran into was it kept asking me to confirm it could import security keys for third-party repositories . This in itself is not bad , but DNF should probably recognize the keys to the default repositories without bothering the user with key management .
Korora 's MATE edition ships with a control panel which provides many modules for managing the desktop and underlying operating system . There are modules for changing the desktop 's appearance , working with user accounts , configuring the firewall and managing background services . We can find modules to select which applications should run when we sign in , configure our preferred applications , set up the screensaver and manage printers . Korora 's firewall utility supports working with different zones , which means we can create one set of firewall rules for home , another for work and a third for public spaces . The different zones mean we can block network traffic depending on our location , a nice feature to have when working on a portable device .
Korora 24 -- Adjusting system settings
( full image size : 659kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
The modules included in the control panel worked well for me . There is a great deal of power and flexibility to be had . Most of the modules do a good job of supplying a lot of options while still being fairly straight forward to use . I did find the control panel would sometimes use a lot of my CPU cycles , bringing my desktop to a crawl . This happened rarely , but when it did the panel 's process would eat all available CPU resources , even when no configuration modules were open . Killing the process or logging out appeared to be the only solution .
Conclusions
I find it difficult to talk about Korora without comparing the distribution to its parent , Fedora . Modern versions of Fedora tend to be relatively minimal for a desktop distribution . With Fedora 's Workstation edition , we are given the desktop , some essentials and adding the specific tools we want is left to the user . This often involves tracking down third-party software repositories and spending a few minutes to a few hours installing the applications we plan to use . Fedora errs on the side of caution when it comes to software licensing and is careful not to package non-free or patent encumbered software . This limits multimedia support on Fedora .
Korora essentially takes Fedora Workstation and tries to set it up with the media support , applications and third-party repositories people are likely to want . This makes Korora a larger download ( 2.0GB vs 1.4GB for Fedora ) , but it means we have many of the applications we will probably want immediately following the installation . We also have lots of neatly organized configuration tools by default with Korora and that is a feature I appreciate . Personally , I like Korora 's approach to including more software . Even without the extra software installed for us , I think Korora would be worth the extra download size just for having several third-party repositories configured for us .
Apart from the default software and repositories , Korora stays very close to its parent . At its heart Korora is still Fedora , so almost all of the differences boil down to what is set up for us out of the box .
Looking at Korora by itself , ignoring its parentage for a moment , I think the distribution is a fairly solid desktop operating system . Korora ships with fairly modern packages and users have access to a lot of software through Korora 's many default repositories . The system was responsive and I like Korora 's default theme . The MATE edition is relatively light on memory and the distribution worked well with my hardware . I have said before one of Korora 's few weaknesses is package management . Yum Extender is not a bad software front-end , but it is a bit slow and it had trouble installing the first wave of upgrades post-installation . These problems can be worked around by using the command line DNF package manager . I did run into a few glitches while using Korora , but nothing that consistently gave me trouble , so all-in-all , I was happy with my experiences this week . * * * * * Hardware used in this review
My physical test equipment for this review was a desktop HP Pavilon p6 Series with the following specifications : Processor : Dual-core 2.8GHz AMD A4-3420 APU
Storage : 500GB Hitachi hard drive
Memory : 6GB of RAM
Networking : Realtek RTL8111 wired network card
Display : AMD Radeon HD 6410D video card
From the files of near-misses : Alec Baldwin once auditioned to play Henry Hill in Goodfellas .
It 's a story that 's not necessarily new — producer Irwin Winkler talked about Baldwin 's interest , along with that of Sean Penn and Val Kilmer , in an interview with Playboy this year — but Baldwin relayed the anecdote while speaking with Howard Stern on SiriusXM radio on Tuesday .
“ I had auditioned for the part in Goodfellas . I had gone to Scorsese 's apartment , and I went and auditioned for Scorsese , ” Baldwin said . He then remembered talking with Liotta years later about the film during a panel at the Savannah Film Festival in Georgia .
“ I said to Ray , ‘ You know Ray , a lot of times guys get parts that I go up for and I do n't get the part and I think to myself — I think I would have been better in that part . But you 're the one example of someone where I go that 's not true , ' ” Baldwin recalled . “ ‘ Ray , no one could have done that better than you . ' And he reaches over and goes , ‘ I agree . ' ”
“ When Marty wanted to cast Ray , I said , ‘ Why Ray ? ' ” Winkler recalled in an interview that was included as part of the recent Goodfellas anniversary Blu-ray release . “ I kept saying look at other people , let 's see who else is out there. ” Winkler then met Liotta out at a restaurant and was convinced of his capability to play the role .
Related Stories
•Producer thought ‘ Goodfellas ' could do better than Ray Liotta
•8 ‘ funny ' stories from the ‘ Goodfellas ' reunion at Tribeca
Originally built for a 1990 travel expo , these fruit-shaped bus stops from southern Japan still look as tasteful ( and tasty ! ) as they did 25 years ago .
EXPO '90 ( or the International Garden and Greenery Exposition ; its formal title ) was hosted by the city of Osaka from April through September of 1990 . The fair attracted over 23,000,000 visitors over a six-month run , and a host of smaller fairs expressing related themes were held across Japan as well .
Konagai , a small town situated just east of Nagasaki , decided to jump aboard the bandwagon by hosting the little-known Nagasaki Journey exhibition . The only remaining relics of the fair are fourteen bus stops ( some sources state the number to be 16 ) constructed in the form of hollowed-out oversized fruits !
The stops have held up remarkably well over the ensuing quarter-century… still functional and in splendid shape structurally , the bus stops erected along the 207 National Highway have become a tourist attraction in their own right .
Time Warner plans to boost HBO 's programming budget , just as rivals including Netflix are doing , CEO Jeff Bewkes told an investor gathering today .
“ We have a pretty hefty budget , a couple of billion dollars , ” he told the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference . “ We 're not spending our programming money on library product . We 're doing original shows . … We 've been increasing it , and we 'll keep increasing it . ”
HBO
The plans wo n't be hurt by AT & T 's new decision to offer HBO to DirecTV Now customers for an additional $ 5 a month — a surprisingly low amount .
Acknowledging that the pricing arrangements are “ complicated , ” Bewkes said Time Warner just controls HBO 's wholesale price .
“ A lot of times the distributors have priced it very high in order to drive other pay TV services they bundled with it , ” he said . But Time Warner “ always wanted to [ offer ] HBO in a more affordable price range . … It 's all aimed at providing good retail offerings for consumers . ”
The CEO offered nothing new about the status of AT & T 's $ 85 billion plan to buy Time Warner . He expects it to be “ done by the end of 2017 , if not sooner . ”
Bewkes reiterated his belief that the union will “ motivate everybody including the cable operators ” to increase their capabilities to offer high-priced advertising targeted to specific viewers .
“ It 's good for programming development and helps to take the burden of paying for media and puts it on advertising , ” which he says has been “ focused on two companies : Google and Facebook . ”
Speaking of the ad market , Bewkes said scatter pricing is up by a double-digit percentage versus the upfront market . Time Warner will be “ basically flat ” in Q4 with pressure overseas as local currencies lose value vs the strong dollar .
Responding to questions about other parts of the company , Bewkes defended the approaches Warner Bros took to Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad that irked some critics and fans .
“ We were launching new characters , ” he said . “ So we had triple duty to do : launching those characters and producing a good film . I do n't think we fell short by a giant amount . ”
RelatedCNN Tops Cable News Target Ratings For First Time In 15 Years
The CEO also talked up CNN for having “ a killer year. ” It was n't just due to coverage of the U.S. presidential election .
CNN
“ It 's global news , not just American , and there 's more going on in the world than things that go through the political process , ” he said . In addition to investing in global news coverage , CNN has built its Internet offerings .
“ We are the leading source of digitally accessed news around the world , ” Bewkes told the conference . In addition , “ CNN created a lot of great original shows , and almost all of them worked . ”
Prime Minister David Cameron and Home Secretary Teresa May face embarrassment today as independent figures revealed that Britain 's net migration has jumped from 175,000 to 243,000 over the past year .
The jump , despite a pledge by the Conservative Party to reduce the number to ‘ below 100,000 ' comes just before the party conference season , where Cameron will no doubt face backlash from party activists who are of a more conservative disposition than him and his government .
The figures from March 2013 to March 2014 reveal an increase in the number of people coming to Britain , net migration being the measure of how many people arrive in Britain minus how many leave .
The BBC 's Home Affairs correspondent said the figures spelled ‘ bad news ' for Cameron and May , and will add further grist to UKIP 's mill .
Nigel Farage 's party have for some years claimed that net migration is impossible to control due to Britain 's obligations under the Lisbon Treaty . European Union members are free to travel to , and settle in Britain , with Romania and Bulgaria becoming the latest countries to get freedom of movement for its citizens .
The figures reflect a “ statistically significant ” rise of immigration , up to 560,000 from 492,000 the year before . The number of Bulgarians and Romanians coming into the UK more than doubled .
The Office for National Statistics lists the following key figures :
Cadott , Wisconsin will once again be the preferred home for rock music this summer . Since 1994 Rock Fest has brought some of the biggest names in rock music to the area and it definitely continues that tradition this year . The 2017 explosive lineup features AVENGED SEVENFOLD , ROB ZOMBIE and SLAYER .
`` We 're extremely excited to continue to be able to put on such a massive event for rock fans , '' says Wade Asher , promoter of Rock Fest . `` This year 's bill features a great mix of current and past rock acts including some unique performances we 've never had in Cadott before , including INSANE CLOWN POSSE , VOLBEAT , LAMB OF GOD and the legendary SLAYER . ''
Rock Fest 2017 also features KORN , SHINEDOWN , STONE SOUR , ANTHRAX , MEGADETH and more than 65 bands . Visit www.Rock-Fest.com for the full lineup and information .
A city built on rock n ' roll in Cadott , Rock Fest is the true rock experience you ca n't miss . In its 24th year , it is the top venue for people of all ages to come together for one common purpose : to congregate with other rock fans from across the world , in a place where rock music still matters .
Rock Fest is set on 320 acres of picturesque land in Central Wisconsin , and is home to nearly 7,000 campsites all within easy walking distance of the campground . With major airports and hotels nearby , as well as daily shuttle service , there is literally something for every rock music fan . Experience it for yourself to find out why Rock Fest fans keep coming back every year to the largest rock and camping festival in the U.S .
Greek authorities say a seven-month-old Syrian baby temporarily staying with its family in a refugee registration camp on the island of Lesbos has died , apparently of natural causes .
Health officials will try to determine the precise causes of the baby 's death later Wednesday .
Lesbos , in the Aegean Sea , is the main arrival point for the nearly 850,000 migrants and refugees who have arrived in Greece this year , paying smuggling gangs to ferry them over from nearby Turkey in frail boats .
Few want to stay in Greece , preferring to continue north through the Balkans to wealthier European countries . Balkan states have started refusing entry to suspected economic migrants , and identity fraud is rife .
On Tuesday , police on Lesbos arrested a man suspected of planning to sell fake registration papers to migrants .
Reduced reality , the other way of modifying reality
Jan Horský Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 1 , 2017
A lot of focus lately is on AR — Augmented Reality — technologies , and while the word augment means ‘ to make something greater by adding to it ' . Not only we can add to it ( AR ) or replace it ( VR ) , we can also take away from it , delete objects from it .
Why , you might ask ?
Simple when reality gets too distracting or too annoying . Ads are good example of that , many people already found online ads too distracting or too annoying to install ad blockers . Real life ads blocking is going to happen as well , and for good reason .
Time Square ( Source : Wikimedia )
I live in the Czech Republic and we have many huge outdoor LED screens alongside roads , with ads . They have flashy ads on them and are often too bright , distracting drivers and causing accidents . Wearing smart glasses that would remove them from reality is not only something that would make me happy , but also better and safer driver .
Left : Aggressive ads blinding drivers — Right : Ads remove by reduced reality
Light cancelling AR headsets
Let 's take a look at technology we would need to achieve this . In a pass-thru headset , we would need a way to block incoming light , a second screen that would darken the world outside . It 's something not possible in today 's AR headsets like HoloLens or Meta2 , but we already have things like smart glass , which can change transparency based on electricity .
Feature like this would be needed for creating realistic AR experiences , because virtual objects needs to cast shadows as well , so it 's safe to assume , we 'll be getting this feature one day . Some patents might suggest that Magic Leap is able to do this , however I 've watched all their ‘ shot directly through Magic Leap technology ' video and have n't noticed any light cancellation .
Another way would be using VR headset with pass-thru cameras . Now , since the resolution and FOV needed for driving ( or any other real world tasks ) would be significant , I do n't think it 's going to be the case anytime soon .
Machine learning controlled vision
Next big challenge is to be able to recognize the objects we want to remove . With the recent advances in Computer Vision , this does n't sound to be sci-fi anymore , but still it is a challenging task . Can we train AI to correctly recognize ads , but leave warning signs in place ? Since app like this would spread all over the world , with a lot of users providing training data i believe we can crack this as well .
While it would eventually be possible to remove more from the world than just ads , ads will be the first case of reduced reality . Because it 's easy compared to removing your ex-boyfriend/girlfriend and because in a world where advertisers do n't care about safety or human lives , it 's needed as well . Eventually we will get to a point , where we can delete anything from existence , to the level where we can even filter out sounds caused by deleted objects .
Another issue can be , now we already have social bubble , can this create something like a reality bubble ? When people will be perceiving reality different than it is ? I do n't believe that will be an issue , since we can take off the headset anytime and what the real reality is . When it comes to altering sense of reality , I do find VR more scary than AR , and I 'll explain that in my next article . So you if you do n't want to miss it , follow me here or on Twitter .
And at last , if anyone would be interested in developing this solution , let me know . Maybe we can join forces .
Story Highlights Saudi Arabia , Chad , Nigeria , Lithuania and Chile won coveted seats
There were no contested races for the first time in several years
Seats give countries a strong voice in matters dealing with international peace and security
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) — Saudi Arabia and Chad easily won coveted seats on the U.N. Security Council Thursday , despite criticism from human rights groups . Nigeria , Lithuania and Chile also won seats .
The five candidates endorsed by regional groups faced no opposition after there were no contested races for the first time in several years .
The countries were elected in the first round of voting by the 193-member General Assembly . Lithuania was the top vote-getter with 187 votes followed by Nigeria and Chile with 186 votes , Chad with 184 votes and Saudi Arabia with 176 votes .
Security Council seats are highly coveted because they give countries a strong voice in matters dealing with international peace and security , in places like Syria , Iran and North Korea , as well as the U.N. 's far-flung peacekeeping operations .
The 15-member council includes five permanent members with veto power — the U.S. , Russia , China , Britain and France — and 10 nonpermanent members elected for two-year terms .
The five countries elected Thursday will assume their posts on Jan. 1 and serve through the end of 2015 . They will replace Azerbaijan , Guatemala , Morocco , Pakistan and Togo .
Philippe Bolopion , United Nations director for Human Rights Watch , denounced the election of Chad , Nigeria and Saudi Arabia .
`` The prestige of a seat at the world 's foremost diplomatic table should prompt the new members to get their house in order , '' he said .
`` Chad should put an end to the recruitment of child soldiers , which earned it a spot on the U.N. list of shame , '' he said . `` Saudi Arabia should end its crackdown on human rights activists and grant women their full rights . ''
Bolopion also criticized Nigeria , saying it should `` end chronic abuse by security forces and better protect civilians in the north '' from attacks by the Boko Haram terrorist network .
Hillel Neuer , executive director of Geneva-based human rights group UN Watch , accused Saudi Arabia of denying women the right to vote , drive a car or travel without the permission of a male relative . He also accused it of `` praising and shielding Sudan '' whose president , Omar al-Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur .
Neuer said Chad should not have oversight on U.N. peacekeeping operations as long it employs child soldiers .
Chad , Saudi Arabia and Lithuania have never served on the U.N. 's most powerful body while Nigeria and Chile have both been on the council four times previously .
Seats in the Security Council are allocated by region , and regional groups nominate candidates . There are often hotly contested races . In 2007 , for example , a runoff between Guatemala and Venezuela went 47 rounds before Panama was finally elected as the Latin America candidate .
This year , there were initially two candidates for a West African seat but Gambia dropped out last week in favor of Nigeria .
To win , each country must obtain support of two-thirds of all General Assembly members present . Because balloting is secret , there is intense lobbying for votes by candidates , even in uncontested races , to ensure they get the minimum number needed for victory — and to see who gets the highest vote .
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1gnwIG8
Editor 's note : The idea for this article was suggested by a GlobalPost member . What do you think we should cover ? Become a member today to suggest and vote on story ideas .
EDINBURGH , Scotland — Britons celebrated the wedding of Prince William to Catherine Middleton by hanging out the Union Jack , from the cliffs of Dover to the Scottish highlands . A week later , the Scottish electorate threatened to make the famous tri-colored flag obsolete .
The flag dates from the 17th century , when the St. Andrew 's cross was merged with the St. George 's cross to symbolize the royal union of England and Scotland as King James I , a Scot , ascended to the English throne . The St. Patrick 's cross was added in the 19th century after the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland merged .
But Scotland 's election of a nationalist government last week could undo the United Kingdom .
When in 1997 Tony Blair 's Labour government devolved governing responsibilities to Scotland 's parliament for the first time in 300 years , it thought the proportional voting system it had devised would neutralize the threat of the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) , keeping it from gaining the overall majority required to claim a mandate for independence .
It worked for a while , delivering first a coalition and then , in 2007 , a minority SNP government . But over the past four years the nationalists , under their charismatic leader Alex Salmond , have handled power competently and tempered their leftist leanings . At the same time , senior Labour politicians have given the impression they regard the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh as the poor relation of its London equivalent . At a rally in Glasgow at the start of the election campaign , London-based Labour leader Ed Miliband announced that victory in Scotland would be “ the first step to returning the party to power in Westminster. ” Scots did not take kindly to their parliament being regarded as a mere staging post .
With the third-party Liberal Democrats deeply unpopular for entering into coalition in London with British Prime Minister David Cameron 's Conservative Party , which has little support in Scotland , the SNP won a nine-seat majority May 5 .
It was a stunning result and Salmond — disparagingly dubbed “ El Presidente ” by Cameron — delivered a typically presidential victory speech in which he promised to stage an independence referendum in the second half of his five-year term .
“ Scotland has chosen to believe in itself , ” he announced . “ We 've given ourselves permission to be bold . ”
His justice minister Kenny MacAskill was more direct , announcing : “ It is time for Scotland to take responsibility and become a nation once again . ”
It is difficult to overstate the impact secession could have . Britain only began to impose itself on the world after England and Scotland signed the Treaty of Union in 1707 , which created the United Kingdom of Great Britain , a political follow-up to the union of the crowns a century before . Today the two countries share a seat on the United Nations Security Council , armed forces , the BBC and membership of the European Union . All that could change should Scotland decide to secede .
The SNP says it would consider abandoning the British Pound and joining the Euro , raising the prospect of different currencies either side of the border .
The Queen would remain head of state , but Scotland could diverge from England in international affairs . Salmond strongly opposed the Iraq War and would be unlikely to pursue an interventionist foreign policy . Without Scottish troops and bases , Cameron and his successors in London may no longer have the resources to do so .
But independence is not yet inevitable . Many people voted SNP on May 5 because they believe the party will fight hardest for their interests and provide the most effective government , not necessarily because they support secession . Assessing the election result , Glasgow 's influential Herald newspaper concluded : “ The Scottish people have not said Yes to independence . What has been said , it could be argued , is a resounding Maybe . ”
There is also a possibility that Salmond 's pledges of free university education and tax freezes will prove unaffordable and undermine his reputation for responsible financial management . 2011 could be as good as it gets for the SNP .
Nevertheless , the alarm bells are ringing in London . Within days of the election the British government promised to grant the Edinburgh parliament more borrowing powers in the hope that greater devolution will persuade Scots there is no need to take a chance on independence . Cameron also appears to realise there is an urgent need to champion the union and tap into the sense of Britishness engendered by the royal wedding .
“ If they want to hold a referendum I will campaign to keep our United Kingdom together with every single fiber I have , ” he pledged .
The Battle for Britain is about to begin .
Last month , I listened as former President Bill Clinton delivered the inaugural lecture for the Hume-O'Neill Chair in Peace Studies at the University of Ulster Magee Campus in Derry , Northern Ireland . Clinton 's address conveyed a simple , yet powerful , message : Northern Ireland has made enormous strides in the peace and reconciliation process , but the job is still not finished .
These words not only resonated throughout Northern Ireland , they have taken on considerable meaning for the United States — and specifically for the City of Boston .
Boston College is immersed in a complex legal battle with the British government over the Belfast Tapes , an academic oral history project that has been tragically compromised as a result of Northern Irish political infighting and a misguided hunt for criminal justice .
Advertisement
Boston College commenced the Belfast Tapes project in 2001 , appointing former IRA volunteer and prisoner Anthony McIntyre as the interviewer and Ed Moloney , a journalist with deep ties to both sides of the conflict , as the supervisor . With the Belfast Tapes , Boston College sought to intertwine modern academia and the college 's Irish roots to document the Troubles and the peace process of Northern Ireland .
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox : Globe Opinion 's must-reads , delivered to you every Sunday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
In February of 2010 , former IRA paramilitary Dolours Price gave interviews with Irish media in which she revealed that she had participated in the Belfast Project , and told them that she and current Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams were involved in the 1972 abduction and murder of Belfast mother of 10 , Jean McConville . This admission quickly sparked a series of subpoenas issued to Boston College by the US Department of Justice on behalf of the United Kingdom in May and August of 2011 , requesting the tapes and transcripts for use in criminal investigations .
Undoubtedly , the murder of Jean McConville was an especially gruesome war crime and her family deserves justice . However , the investigation smacks of political motivation . Of the scores of murders committed during the Troubles , the British government is seeking only to investigate that of Jean McConville in what can be construed as an attempt to implicate Gerry Adams and jeopardize his current position within the Irish parliament .
For decades , the Northern Ireland conflict has existed as a polarizing issue for many US politicians as well as officials at the White House and the Department of State . The United States Department of State has historically acted in favor of the British government , long considered our staunchest ally , and complies with their requests time and again .
On this issue , our relations with Britain have not always been smooth . My father , former Speaker of the House “ Tip ” O'Neill , worked tirelessly with fellow Irish-American politicians to denounce the violence in Northern Ireland and to craft a peace accord for warring factions . He convinced Presidents Carter and Reagan to press the British government on the conflict and questioned their peacekeeping efforts , an act that challenged the stance of the Department of State .
Advertisement
The Belfast Tapes have exposed truths about the Troubles that reawaken feelings of betrayal and bitterness among former members of the IRA . These truths should be used as a form of catharsis and as a vehicle toward peace and reconciliation for Northern Ireland . Instead , the United States and Great Britain are allowing these truths to be used in ways that appear , frankly , both selective and political .
In the Boston College case , our “ special relationship '' with Britain is raising serious and troubling questions : Are we abridging academic freedom in ways that will prevent participants in major international issues from stepping forward with their stories ? Is the British demand for documents , and its search for alleged wrongdoing , driven as much by the politics of Ireland today as it is by the search for justice for past crimes ? And why , when both sides in the Troubles were guilty of so much wrongdoing , is the British prosecution seemingly intent on only pursuing crimes allegedly committed by only one side ?
In Clinton 's recent address , he reminded Northern Ireland and the international community that the process to securing peace is not solely comprised of various static agreements and moments , but instead is an ever-evolving conversation that each generation must continue to have and adapt throughout history . All this turmoil now is a very clear example that that evolving conversation is continuing , and how we conduct it matters .
We should not be helping to fan the flames of animosity rooted in the past of Northern Ireland . Instead , we must uphold the values and constitutional rights upon which our country stands .
Thomas P. O'Neill III served on the Boston College Board of Trustees from 1992 to 2010 and currently acts as a trustee associate .
NEW YORK -- New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony said he had a `` heart-to-heart '' with longtime teammate J.R. Smith when news surfaced that Smith had been suspended five games for violating the NBA 's anti-drug policy .
Anthony delivered a dose of tough love to Smith during the conversation .
`` The time is now , '' Anthony said he told Smith . `` You 've got to want to help yourself . Everybody else wants to help you , but if you do n't want to help yourself , that defeats the purpose . ''
Smith was suspended in early September for violating the league 's anti-drug policy . He is expected to make his preseason debut Friday when the Knicks take on the Charlotte Bobcats .
Smith had been rehabbing from offseason surgery to repair his left patella tendon and a lateral meniscus tear in his left knee .
`` We 've been looking forward to him coming back all offseason , '' Anthony said before delivering school supplies to more than 100 New York City teachers and classrooms in what was dubbed a `` Tools for Teachers Initiative '' on behalf of his foundation and a real estate development company . `` I 'm pretty sure he 's been looking forward to coming back . We 're looking forward to it .
`` We wish the suspension did n't happen but it happened and we move forward from that . He had a long offseason , thinking about what 's been going on , trying to get back . Hopefully he turns over that new leaf . ''
Smith had a strong regular season in 2012-13 . He was named the NBA 's Sixth Man Award winner after averaging 18.1 points and 5.3 rebounds per game .
But he struggled mightily in the playoffs , making just 33 percent of his field goal attempts . A turning point in Smith 's postseason seemed to be his one-game suspension for elbowing Jason Terry in Game 3 of the Knicks-Boston Celtics series . He shot 43.5 percent from the field before his Game 4 suspension and 29 percent after that .
Smith re-signed with the Knicks for three years and $ 18 million shortly before his surgery . His success on the court is vitally important for the Knicks , who have relied on Smith to complement Anthony as the team 's secondary scorer .
Earlier in the preseason , Knicks coach Mike Woodson said he 'd like to see the 28-year-old Smith `` grow up and do the right things . ''
`` He 's got to do the right thing by J.R. , and his teammates and me as a coach in this organization and the fans that support him . That 's what it 's all about , '' he said .
Anthony has spent seven seasons with Smith between his time in Denver and New York . He said he hopes his recent message to Smith will sink in .
`` It seemed like he took heed to what I was saying , '' Anthony said . `` So we shall see . ''
THE LEDE : On Tuesday , the Commerce Department will host a second meeting of tech companies and privacy advocates examining the implications of facial recognition technology . Ultimately , the group , convened by the Commerce Department 's National Telecommunications and Information Administration , will craft a privacy-enhancing code of conduct for commercial uses of facial recognition technology .
Tuesday 's meeting will include a presentation from Marc Vaillant , vice president and chief strategy officer at biometric firm Animetrics . According to Animetrics CEO Paul Schuepp , Vaillant 's presentation will focus on the facts of the current capabilities and uses of facial recognition technology .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The reason we 're giving this presentation ... is so people better understand [ the technology ] and maybe not be so afraid , ” Schuepp said , adding that any policy work in this area should be based on the technical facts .
“ Let 's not jump the gun about making policies to control face recognition until we really understand the problem , ” he said . “ Let 's not go attack face recognition . Let 's look closely at the application [ of the technology ] and how privacy is being protected or not . ”
Schuepp said that Vaillant will outline the current limitations of facial recognition — the necessary quality and uniformity of the image being captured and the imagines being compared — as well as the current uses of facial recognition technology that do n't identify specific individuals .
Facial recognition technology can be used to identify whether there is someone standing in front of a camera as well as identifying characteristics about that person such as age or gender without identifying who that person is , he said .
“ These are technologies that exist , but that 's not facial recognition . ”
According to the Commerce Department agency , the group will also discuss what kinds of uses of this technology should be covered by the code . On the list of possible uses to include are a mobile app that allows users to identify others nearby based on their face , a mobile device that can be unlocked with the owner 's faceprint and companies that scour pictures from public places to employment or marketing purposes .
White House launches 'big data ' workshops : The White House will hold its first public workshop on “ big data ” at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) next week . Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker Penny Sue PritzkerMichelle Obama officiated Chicago wedding : report Election Countdown : Trump plans ambitious travel schedule for midterms | Republicans blast strategy for keeping House | Poll shows Menendez race tightening | Cook Report shifts Duncan Hunter 's seat after indictment Former Obama officials launch advocacy group aimed at Trump 's foreign policy MORE and White House counselor John Podesta , who has been leading the Obama administration 's review on the subject , will deliver keynote addresses .
The event , scheduled for March 3 , will bring together academics , government officials and executives to “ concentrate on core technical challenges associated with big data applications and provide a theoretical grounding for privacy considerations in large-scale information systems , ” according to MIT . The White House is promising at least two additional future events in New York and Berkeley , Calif. , but details have yet to be announced .
The effort is part of the administration 's focus on the benefits and perils of data analytics , which President Obama called for in an effort to reform government surveillance . In addition to the public events , the White House has also met with top privacy and civil liberties advocates
Tech , telecom world mourns Dingell 's retirement : Rep. John Dingell Jr. 's ( D-Mich. ) announcement that he would leave Congress at the end of the year , after having served since 1955 , triggered a wave of sympathy from the tech and communications world .
National Association of Broadcasters President Gordon Smith called Dingell `` a force of nature on Capitol Hill for more than a half a century , and his legislative accomplishments will stand the test of time . ”
“ Upon his retirement , broadcasters will be losing a great friend , but Congress and the American people will be losing a patriot and living legend , ” he added .
Dingell , twice a former chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , was the longest-serving member of Congress in U.S. history , and worked personally on some of the nation 's bedrock technology laws , including the 1996 Telecommunications Act .
The head of the American Cable Association , Matthew Polka , said that Dingell “ made as much history as he witnessed , ” and noted that the lawmaker 's tenure was “ bracketed by Sputnik and Spotify . ”
“ The term ‘ legendary ' will always be associated with the name ‘ John Dingell , ' ” said Rep. Fred Upton ( R-Mich. ) , the current chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee .
“ For more than half a century , John Dingell has compiled an incredible legislative record that is unmatched in its breadth and depth , ” Sen. Ed Markey Edward ( Ed ) John MarkeyOvernight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies Center-right group : Ocasio-Cortez 's Green New Deal could cost trillion dozen climate protesters storm McConnell 's office over Green New Deal MORE ( D-Mass . ) Dingell 's former colleague on the House committee , said in a statement . “ From his successful lifelong crusade to expand health care coverage , to his protection of consumers , to his sweeping reforms of energy , environment and telecommunications policy , he has improved the lives of Americans everywhere . ”
On Twitter , Federal Communications Commission Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel praised Dingell 's “ extraordinary record of public service . ”
High court wo n't hear 'musty smells ' cases : The Supreme Court has decided not to hear two cases involving Sears and the appliance manufacturer Whirlpool , which tried to block people from entering into class-action lawsuits about washing machines with “ musty smells ” if they had never experienced the smells themselves . Tech company organizations had sided with the businesses and worried that a ruling against them could make their work harder . In a “ friend of the court ” brief , TechAmerica and TechNet argued that a ruling in favor of the class-action suit could “ chill the innovation that fuels the technology sector 's growth and continued success . ”
The high court 's decision not to take up the case will allow an appeals court ruling against the corporations to stand , and let the class-action suit involving millions go forward .
Senate sets Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger hearing : The Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on the proposed Comcast and Time Warner Cable merger on March 26 , Chairman Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill 's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic ? MORE ( D-Vt. ) announced on Monday . Leahy said in a statement that the deal “ touches on important policy questions about how Americans access these valuable services . It also presents a critical moment to discuss net neutrality principles that have allowed the Internet to remain an open marketplace for ideas . ”
Aereo sets Austin launch date : Aereo will launch its service in Austin , Texas , on March 3 , the company announced Monday . The greater Austin area will be the company 's fourth market in Texas .
Aereo — which streams broadcasters ' programming over the Internet without compensating broadcasters — has attracted legal challenges from broadcasters , who say the company is violating copyright law . Aereo contends that it operates within the law by maintaining a small antenna for each subscriber it has .
Earlier this month , a district court in Utah ended Aereo 's winning streak over broadcasters by granting Fox a preliminary injunction against the online streaming company . Last month , the Supreme Court said it would take up broadcasters ' case against Aereo . Oral arguments are scheduled for April 22 .
Mt . Gox resigns from bitcoin trade group : The pioneering bitcoin exchange site Mt . Gox is stepping down from the Bitcoin Foundation , it announced on Sunday .
The decision by Mt . Gox chief executive Mark Karpelès is the latest development in the Japanese company 's recent turbulence . The site , once considered among the virtual currency 's premier exchanges , has suffered bugs that made it impossible for people to get money from the site . Mt . Gox was a founding member of the Bitcoin Foundation , a trade group set up to promote the nascent currency .
The announcement makes for the second major member of the Bitcoin Foundation to resign in recent weeks . Last month , Vice Chairman Charlie Shrem stepped down after being arrested on charges of conspiracy to launder money .
ON TAP
Sen. Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharMore than 60 former staffers defend Klobuchar as ‘ a mentor and a friend ' Warren Buffett : I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers ' MORE ( D-Minn. ) , FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte Robert ( Bob ) William GoodlatteIt 's time for Congress to pass an anti-cruelty statute DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling House GOP probe into FBI , DOJ comes to an end MORE ( R-Va. ) are slated to speak at the National Association of Broadcasters ' state leadership conference .
The Commerce Department will hold its second meeting on facial recognition technology starting at 1:00 p.m .
Later in the afternoon , academics and think tank officials will discuss the cost of government surveillance programs at the New America Foundation .
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE urged Congress to pass a law that would require companies to notify the public about data breaches .
Two House Democrats on Monday called on their colleagues to reject a bill on the floor Tuesday aimed at giving people the right to `` unlock '' their cellphones and use them with different phone service carriers .
A coalition of more than three dozen privacy groups is urging the White House to push for privacy legislation .
The FCC 's decision to take up new net neutrality rules would “ put the consumers back in the driver 's seat , ” according to a top House Democrat .
Major TV broadcasters want the Supreme Court to shut down the Internet video service Aereo , which they say is premised on a violation of copyright law .
The country 's top lawyers ' trade group is raising a formal complaint about the U.S. government 's support for spying on confidential legal communications .
Please send tips and comments to Kate Tummarello , katet @ thehill.com , and Julian Hattem , jhattem @ thehill.com
Follow Hillicon Valley on Twitter : @ HilliconValley , @ ktummarello , @ jmhattem
Facebook passed another milestone in the green data center arms race today with the announcement that its Altoona , Iowa data center will be 100 percent powered by wind power when it goes online in 2015 .
This will Facebook 's second data center – after its Lulea , Sweden location – to run on all renewable power .
The electricity for the new data center will come from a nearby wind project in Wellsburg , Iowa , according to a blog post from Facebook . Both the wind project , which will be owned and operated by MidAmerican Energy , and the data center are currently under construction .
Green data centers have come a long way since environmental advocacy organization Greenpeace began railing against Facebook in 2010 . Following criticism of their energy use patterns , companies like Facebook and Apple vowed to clean up their acts . Since then , Greenpeace has upgraded its ratings of Apple 's environmental practices and praised Facebook 's energy use transparency .
But that 's not to say that these data centers are actually environmentally friendly as of yet . Reaching 100 percent renewable energy is tough to pull off . Apple claims that its data centers are powered by 100 percent renewable sources , but it 's using renewable energy credits to `` offset '' its use of coal and nuclear power . Google is working with regulators to find ways to buy more clean energy directly . Facebook has settled on a goal of powering its data centers on 25 percent renewable energy by 2015. eBay and Microsoft , meanwhile , have unveiled plans to use natural gas-based fuel cells to power new data centers . Natural gas burns far cleaner than coal , but still emits some carbon .
But one of the biggest impacts of these sorts of projects is a boost in overall availability of renewable energy , says Greenpeace IT analyst Gary Cook . `` When Facebook said back in spring that they were going to Iowa , the utility company in Iowa , MidAmerican Energy , announced that they were shelving plans to build a new nuclear facility and then filed plans to build a wind plant instead , '' Cook told us earlier this week . `` If you look at the regulatory filing , this was because they have new customers , namely Facebook , that want more renewable energy . ''
That fact is not lost any Facebook . `` When we settled on Altoona as the location for our fourth data center , one of the deciding factors was the opportunity to help develop a new wind project in the state , '' the Facebook blog says .
`` The project will add up to 138 MW of new renewable wind capacity to the grid in Iowa – more than what our data center is likely to require for the foreseeable future . ''
Bluefin photo by Mike Brown .
Go Eat If you want personality , you got ta # GoMemphis SHARE
By Jennifer Biggs of The Commercial Appeal
Bluefin , the Downtown sushi/Asian fusion restaurant that closed and reopened last week , has closed again .
It started Dec. 7 , when Bluefin , previously owned by Jimmy Ishii , was sold to James Woo . Various issues , including communication problems and employees having to reapply for their jobs , led to most of the staff leaving and on Wednesday , the restaurant shut because there was no one to run it .
It reopened on Thursday , with a few of the former employees back ( though most of the kitchen staff had already gone to other Ishii Sekisui restaurants ) .
But Nick Scott , who was the general manager of Blue Fin and still on Ishii 's payroll to help with the transition , said that on Friday Woo asked him to leave . When he did , most of the remaining staff also left , Scott said .
Woo has not returned phone calls , but said last week he plans to revamp the place to be more like places he owns in the New York area .
More to come when we have it .
In this blog I will take you through the steps for running Consolidation in Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2016 , for companies within the same database as the consolidated company . Consolidation is combining the financial data of two or more separate companies ( subsidiaries ) into one consolidated company for financial reporting . Below I outline the setups required to be completed for the Consolidation and the process of consolidating the data in Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2016 . Setting up the Consolidation 1 . Set up a Consolidated Company A new consolidated company needs to be set up first . You can use the ‘ Copy ' functionality from the ‘ Companies ' page in Microsoft Dynamics NAV , to easily create the consolidated company . 2.Set up Consolidation information on all G/L Accounts for each subsidiary company Specify the Consol . Debit Account , Consol . Credit Account and the ‘ Consol . Translation Method ' for all the G/L Accounts in Microsoft Dynamics NAV .
3 . Setting up Business Unit Information Set up a Business Unit for each subsidiary on the consolidated company . 4.Specify Exchange Rates for Consolidations There are three exchange rates that the program uses when consolidating the financial data of subsidiary companies involving foreign currency , in Microsoft Dynamics NAV . They are Average Rate ( Manual ) , Closing Rate and Last losing Rate .
5.Setting up Dimension Information for Consolidations on each subsidiary company
It is also possible to consolidate dimension information as well as G/L Accounts in Microsoft Dynamics NAV .
Only fill in the Consolidated Code field where the dimension value code in the subsidiary company is to be consolidated to a different dimension value code in the consolidated company .
Consolidating the data Open the Business Unit page on the consolidated company and then click on Actions → Import Database . Specify the ‘ Consolidation Period ' , ‘ Copy Dimensions ' ‘ Document No . ' and the Business Unit Code . Then click on ‘ OK ' . This function will import the financial data from the subsidiary and post it to the consolidated company automatically .
Processing Consolidation Eliminations Any elimination entries will need to be calculated manually and posted using a General Journal . Note : For more information on any field , hit on F1 and online help will be displayed for the field . You can ‘ Search ' in Microsoft Dynamics NAV to locate any pages . This blog post was written by Elvin Narain , Microsoft Dynamics NAV Developer/Consultant at EBS If you have outdated business software that 's limited in its reporting and analytical capabilities – then you should to talk to EBS about a powerful business management software solution – Microsoft Dynamics NAV . To find out more about Microsoft Dynamics NAV or other Microsoft business management software solutions , please call Paul Woods at EBS for an obligation free discussion on 1300 303 973 . Microsoft Dynamics NAV is global enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) software that helps more than 100,000 companies worldwide manage their accounting and finances , supply chain , and operations . Start with what you need now , and easily adapt as your business needs change . In the Microsoft cloud or on your servers—the choice is yours . Evolution Business Systems ( EBS ) is a Microsoft Gold ERP Partner and business management software specialist that equips its clients with software designed to achieve their business goals . EBS offers a complete , fully featured , whole of business system that can meet their needs : Microsoft Dynamics NAV , Microsoft Office 365 , Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Microsoft Power BI . It 's available for deployment on Microsoft 's own Cloud servers – Azure – and packaged at an affordable monthly subscription price . EBS works alongside its clients to understand their business and vision , and offer solutions to support these both now and into the future . Subscribe here to get our free EBS monthly enewsletter to get valuable blog articles from EBS and the latest updates on the Microsoft Dynamics product suite .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Yvonne Madelaine Brill ( née Claeys ; December 30 , 1924 – March 27 , 2013 ) was a Canadian-American rocket and jet propulsion engineer . [ 1 ] During her career she was involved in a broad range of national space programs in the United States , including NASA and the International Maritime Satellite Organization . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Brill was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada . Her parents were immigrants from Belgium . [ 1 ] She attended the University of Manitoba , but was barred from studying engineering because of her gender , so she studied chemistry and mathematics . [ 4 ]
Career [ edit ]
Brill 's work in satellite propulsion systems resulted in a number of significant developments . She developed the concept for a new rocket engine , the hydrazine resistojet , and she proposed the use of a single propellant because of the value and simplicity that it would provide . Her invention resulted in not only higher engine performance but also increased reliability of the propulsion system . The reduction in propellant weight requirements enabled either increased payload capability or extended mission life . [ 5 ]
Brill invented the hydrazine resistojet propulsion system in 1967 for which she holds U.S. Patent No . 3,807,657 . [ 6 ] Her invention became a standard in the industry , and has translated into millions of dollars of increased revenue for commercial communications satellite owners . [ 5 ]
Brill contributed to the propulsion systems of TIROS , the first weather satellite ; Nova , a series of rocket designs that were used in American moon missions ; Explorer 32 , the first upper-atmosphere satellite ; and the Mars Observer , which in 1992 almost entered a Mars orbit before losing communication with Earth . [ 7 ]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
Brill was awarded the AIAA Wyld Propulsion Award ( 2002 ) [ 8 ] and the American Association of Engineering Societies John Fritz Medal ( 2009 ) . [ 2 ] [ 9 ] In 1980 , Harper 's Bazaar and the DeBeers Corporation gave her their Diamond Superwoman award for returning to a successful career after starting a family . In 2001 she was awarded the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal . [ 7 ] In 2011 President Barack Obama presented her with the National Medal of Technology and Innovation . [ 2 ]
She was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1987 . [ 10 ] She was named fellow of The Society of Women Engineers ( SWE ) in 1985 and received its highest honor , the Achievement Award , the following year . [ 11 ]
The Yvonne C. Brill Lectureship of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics ( AIAA ) is named in her honor and presented annually . [ 12 ]
Death [ edit ]
A longtime resident of the Skillman section of Montgomery Township , New Jersey , United States , Brill died of complications of breast cancer in Princeton , New Jersey . [ 7 ]
An obituary of Brill published in the March 30 , 2013 issue of the New York Times originally began : `` She made a mean beef stroganoff , followed her husband from job to job and took eight years off from work to raise three children '' . [ 13 ] The obituary was heavily criticized for leading with and overemphasizing Brill 's gender and family life , rather than her scientific and career accomplishments [ 14 ] and was cited as an example of an article that failed the Finkbeiner test . [ 13 ] The Times later dropped the reference to her cooking and changed the lead of the article . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Breast Milk
Until now , the foods I 've sampled for this section have all come from the supermarket . Then one day I realized that a perfectly viable `` Steve Do n't Eat It '' candidate has been sitting right under my nose for months . Right in my very own refrigerator . And it came right out of my wife ! No , I 'm not talking about that giant cucumber , perv . I 'm talking about breast milk .
That 's right . And not just a little drop off the odd finger , but a genuine slug of freshly-pumped wife juice . ( I 'll go ahead and ignore the shiver I just got , and keep typing . )
Thinking about actually drinking breast milk has caused me to ponder the question : Is it not weirder to drink cow 's milk which is truly intended for baby cows ? The answer : Hell no ! The only thing weirder than me drinking breast milk , is the fact that milk is coming out of my wife 's chest in the first place . It sure as hell did n't do that when I met her . I 'm telling you , the whole thing is lunacy . I love my wife , but does she really have to be such a mammal ?
Okay , I have put this off long enough . The time has come . I 'm off to The Booby Bar to see what they 've got on tap ...
Oh , where do I begin ?
Well , I did feel the need to find the appropriate glass . Drinking it from a baby bottle seemed too on the nose ( not to mention too creepy ) , and I did n't have enough milk to justify a martini glass . ( Although with a splash of Bailey 's I suppose you 'd have yourself a nice `` Nippletini . '' ) Luckily the `` Dumbass Website Gods '' smiled down upon me . I came across the only shot glass we happened to have in the house , and it was actually from Wisconsin -- The Milk State !
I must admit that my aversion to drinking breast milk is something of a double-standard . Let me try to put this as delicately as I can out of respect to my female readers ... but some women have been known to willingly `` ingest '' a certain dubious `` body fluid '' made by men , during moments of `` intimacy . '' ( These moments are known as `` blow jobs . '' These women are known as `` awesome . '' )
Nevertheless , I could n't bring myself to just do the whole shot at once , so I started out with a little girly sip . And the truth is it 's not that bad at all . It tastes like milk , just slightly more sweet . And mentally , just slightly more making me want to gargle with Clorox and assume the fetal position while I question my life .
Now , while I may have issues with drinking this stuff , I have been a huge fan of its packaging for years . You may be interested to know that breast milk is now available in a variety of convenient sizes :
from the portable , half-pint container ...
to the more economical one gallon jugs .
To make things more interesting , and a little bit easier on myself , I decided to break out the Hershey 's syrup and whip up some chocolate breast milk .
This time I just knocked the shot right back , and two words immediately came to mind : Yoo Hoo . It tasted just like good ol ' Yoo Hoo . I almost want to say that drinking breast milk is n't so bad , except the other two-word phrases that also came to mind were `` stomach pump '' and `` kill me . ''
I 'm officially leaving all future breast milk drinking in the capable hands of my baby boy -- the one guy who now gets to second base with my wife way more than I do . But , I do n't mind . I love that little asshole .
( All volumes of Steve , Do n't Eat It can be found here . )
Posted by Steven | Archive
Senate Republicans are calling Democrats ' bluff on the promise of transparent Wall Street reform negotiations . In a letter delivered tonight to Sen. Chris Dodd ( D-CT ) and Rep. Barney Frank ( D-MA ) –the financial reform point men in the House and Senate–the GOP 's top negotiators demand that the conference committee process be opened further than Frank is willing to allow .
“ The conference 's work is too important for it to be bound by artificial deadlines , ” the letter reads . “ The only reason for rushing the conference would be to hide from the American people poorly conceived legislation or legislation designed to help a particular special interest . Accordingly , members should have ample time to consider and offer amendments to any proposal before it is voted on by the conference . All members also should have an opportunity to be heard on every issue the conference considers. ” But Frank 's already said no to that request . In a brief interview with me today he shot down the idea , supported not just by Senate Republicans but by leading advocates and experts , that any proposed changes to the reform bills be subject to public scrutiny .
Frank 's refusal may in the end give Republicans an opening to claim that Democrats are unwilling to bring the influence of Wall Street lobbyists out of the shadows . The letter is signed by Sen. Richard Shelby ( R-AL ) –the GOP point man on financial reform–and Sens . Saxby Chambliss ( R-GA ) , Mike Crapo ( R-ID ) , Bob Corker ( R-TN ) and Judd Gregg ( R-NH ) . You can it in its entirety here .
Rostam Zafari is a 20-year-old Iranian American from Atlanta studying social entrepreneurship and creative writing at Emory University . He is especially interested in designing impactful solutions in the fields of healthcare and education . At 18 , he helped create a rapid test strip for Ebola Virus Disease ( EVD ) for which he was awarded the 2015 Cyrus Prize . Currently , he is the President & Co-Founder of Mystro , a platform that connects high-achieving college students with local high school students for tutoring in standardized testing . PAAIA recently reached out to Rostam to learn more about his inspiring story and his startup successes .
How did you gain a research position at Emory University at the age of 14 ?
My dad is a professor at Emory University and he got me hooked on science at an early age . Even when we were kids , he would n't let us turn summer into one long vacation . Instead , he had us focus on learning and getting hands-on experience . That 's why my brother Zaal and I interned at different places each summer like at a genetics lab or at our local Decatur fire department .
What inspired you to create REDS , and what was the process in creating the test ?
REDS ( Rapid Ebola Detection Strips ) was a project that two friends and I began in 2014 to create a faster and more effective strip test for Ebola Virus Disease ( EVD ) . It was started in response to an extra-credit challenge from our biology professor Rachelle Spell . Creating the test began by working out the theory on paper with basic biological concepts , asking professors for feedback , crowd-funding necessary funds , securing a lab , ordering necessary materials , writing protocols , and testing and improving the strip .
The project is still ongoing and is currently in the patent review process . There will be an in-depth and detailed write-up of our journey that you can check out at rostamzafari.com
How was growing up in Atlanta as an Iranian American , and are you involved in the Iranian American community there ?
I like to surround myself with value creators as often as I can , and if they are Persian American , great ! If they 're not , great ! I think that culture , history , literature , and language are beautiful things and I enjoy having conversations about them . I do n't believe in drawing up arbitrary lines since the very idea of nations will be out-of-date soon . The world is one place . It 's some land separated by some salt water .
I look forward to the day we discover Pangaea again .
How did your cultural identity as a Iranian American shape your career path ?
More than anything , it 's the Persian and American literature ( and their philosophies ) that has guided me .
On the Persian side , my grandfather got me hooked on the Shahnameh , in which the sun-bird phoenix known as Simorgh bestows a hero with three feathers . Anytime the world is in trouble , the hero lights a feather and Simorgh appears to grant a wish and help the hero save the day . The Shahnameh is 60,000 verses long , but only 2 feathers were lit . The message is clear : Light the last feather . Be the hero . Save the day . This is your story .
On the American side , see for yourself . Talk with Whitman 's Learn 'd Astronomer , go fishing with Hemingway 's Old Man , and do some yard work with William Carlos William 's Red Wheelbarrow . The message is clear : Discover . Strive . Work hard .
My point is that good literature distills the best of a culture , and the more works you read from different cultures , the more you enrich your life .
Oh , and I love ghormeh sabzi . That stuff has totally shaped my career path .
What made you focus on the fields of healthcare and education , and the use of startups in gaining entry in these fields ?
I know that the greatest issues of the world : hunger , energy , water , education , healthcare , and many others can be solved using the compassion , creativity , sustainability , and scalability that social entrepreneurship embodies . These problems are not inherent problems that have to exist . They are design problems . If we design a better world , we can attain it .
The current empires and monopolies are obviously not going to be the ones to redesign and reimagine what the world could be because they are comfortable with their current position . Start-ups dare to do what others ca n't even imagine because they have something to prove and technology empowers that something-to-prove through the level of unprecedented connection and exposure it provides .
What role do you and your team will play in impacting education ?
Only time will tell the impact we can make , but if we can say we increased access to education even if it 's simply to one more person , then I 'd call it a success .
What is your goal for the future , and does it overlap with the Iranian American community ?
My future goals come out of my present belief that the world 's problems and sufferings are not inherent things , just the consequences of poor design . I 'd like to build an NGO that can solve the world 's most pressing problems by designing intelligent , scalable , and sustainable solutions with an awesome ( and slightly crazy ) group of people .
Palestinians wave their national flag during a rally in support of activists aboard a Pro-Gaza flotilla aimed at defying Israel 's blockade of Gaza . ( AFP/File Mahmud Hams )
RAMALLAH ( AFP ) -- The Palestinian Authority on Tuesday accused Hamas of holding secret talks with Israel that would endorse the separation of Palestinian territories .
Arab and Turkish media have carried reports , picked up by Israeli media , claiming Israel and Hamas were holding talks .
The talks were reportedly aimed at reaching an eight- or 10-year truce , with Israel removing its blockade on the coastal Palestinian territory .
Israel on Monday denied it was engaged in `` any meetings with Hamas , neither directly , nor via other countries or intermediaries '' .
But the PA weighed in on Tuesday , insisting there were talks that would cause Palestinian disunity .
`` There have been negotiations and they are on the verge of reaching an agreement about a truce of eight to 10 years , '' PA Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki said .
The agreement would see Israel lift its blockade of Gaza and `` allow maritime passage '' to nearby Cyprus , Malki told France 24 television .
`` We do n't know if it will happen tomorrow or in a month , '' he said , adding that `` there are mediators who are doing their utmost to reach this agreement . ''
The Fatah party of President Mahmoud Abbas , Hamas ' rival , said former British prime minister Tony Blair was acting as a mediator in the talks .
`` The Hamas-Blair agreement ... paves the way for division and the isolation of the Gaza Strip , '' said Fatah spokesman Ahmed Assaf .
This , he added , would help `` Israel to achieve its goal of preventing the creation of a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders '' and including Gaza , the West Bank and East Jerusalem , he told Palestinian radio on Monday night .
In Gaza , Hamas number two Ismail Haniyeh once again rejected any possibility of a Palestinian state in Gaza alone .
Hamas sources recently admitted an `` exchange of ideas '' via third parties , but officials have told AFP on condition of anonymity that the topics discussed were `` solely humanitarian , not political '' .
Authorities said this driver was playing Pokémon Go when he crashed into a police car in Baltimore , Maryland on July 18 , 2016 . ( Baltimore Police Department via Twitter )
( CBS SF ) – A Maryland man said he was playing Pokémon Go behind the wheel when he crashed his vehicle into a police car , the latest incident involving distracted driving and the gaming phenomenon .
According to the Baltimore Police Department , an officer was talking to two of his colleagues next to his parked patrol car following a service call around 3:30 a.m. Monday , when a gray SUV slammed into his vehicle .
The officer 's body worn camera captured the crash , and video was posted on the department 's Twitter page .
# PokemonGO is not all fun and games . Here is a video of a distracted driver who struck one of our cars . # PlaySafe pic.twitter.com/kOTfbTcILo — Baltimore Police ( @ BaltimorePolice ) July 19 , 2016
Shortly after the crash , the SUV driver stopped , walked out of his vehicle with a phone in his hand and talked to the officer . Investigators said he admitted playing Pokémon Go .
“ That 's what I get for playing this dumb a–game , ” the driver is heard saying in the video .
• ALSO READ : PG & E Warns Pokémon Go Players To Avoid Power Plants
Police said the driver and occupants in the SUV were not injured .
“ This could have easily ended in a tragedy , ” Baltimore Police spokesperson T.J. Smith said in a news conference Tuesday . “ It 's not a game when you 're behind the wheel of a 2,000 pound vehicle . ”
At least one other crash took place involving a Pokémon Go player . Last week , a driver near Syracuse , New York reportedly crashed his car and struck a tree . The driver suffered minor injuries .
• ALSO READ : Pokémon Go More Than Doubles Nintendo 's Stock Price
Transportation agencies across the nation , including Caltrans , have repeatedly issued warnings to motorists since the game was released earlier this month , urging them to not play the augmented reality game while driving .
Pokémon Go was developed by San Francisco-based Niantic .
Tim Fang is a digital producer for CBS San Francisco and a native of the Bay Area . Follow him on Twitter @ fangtj .
The prime minister 's office is refusing to reveal how many staffers make more than $ 150,000 .
In reply to a written query filed by Liberal MP Scott Andrews earlier this year , the government claims that providing details on how many PMO staffers make between $ 150,000 and $ 300,000 per year , broken down by $ 50,000 increments , would constitute the release of `` personal information . ''
As a result , the response printed in Thursday 's Hansard in the name of PMO parliamentary secretary Paul Calandra concludes , it has been withheld , as it could violate `` the principles '' of the Access to Information Act .
The Act in question does not apply to Order Paper questions , or to the Parliament of Canada at all , which may be why it is so carefully worded .
The government also declined to share any details on whether any staffers making more than $ 200,000 received bonuses in addition to their salaries .
The question on PMO salaries is among a number that departments are routinely refusing to answer in Parliament through Order Paper questions . Order Paper questions are tabled in the House by opposition MPs and give cabinet ministers 45 days to respond . They 're one of the few methods provided for opposition MPs to draw information from the government .
Check each and every electronic device , Van Loan says
In the past , PMO had no apparent problem releasing statistics on salary ranges .
In response to a query filed by Liberal MP Frank Valeriote last year , the government stated that , as of Feb. 1 , 2013 , the Prime Minister 's Office employed 91 full-time staffers , 21 of whom are — or , at least , were — on track to make $ 100,000 or more , and 19 earning $ 50,000 or less .
Meanwhile , a seemingly innocuous attempt by Liberal MP Scott Simms to get a list of all software permitted and banned from use on government-owned digital platforms — from smart phones to desktop computers — as well as details on the availability of `` open source '' alternatives , met an even more inglorious parliamentary fate .
`` In order to produce such information to the level of detail requested , organizations would need to manually verify each and every hardware item maintained by the organization , '' Government House Leader Peter Van Loan said in his response .
`` The collection and compilation of such data would take several months . Therefore , it is not possible to produce the information requested within the prescribed timeline . ''
Andrews and Simms were n't the only MPs left with fundamentally unanswered written questions after the government tabled more than a dozen responses on Thursday afternoon .
In fact , the latest batch of answers reveals what would appear to be an ongoing effort to shut down one of the few remaining avenues of inquiry for parliamentarians hoping to pry loose the occasional morsel of information on the operation of government .
Departments routinely sidestep specific questions entirely on the grounds that the requested information `` is not readily available , '' or `` would require manual search and analysis , '' and is therefore `` not feasible to produce . ''
A lengthy question from Liberal MP Irwin Cotler on Canada 's policies on extradition treaties produces the claim that the benefits of those treaties are `` unquantifiable . ''
Later in the same response , the department says the government `` has no specific ... definition of 'modernization . ' ''
No appeal
Alas for those MPs unsatisfied by a provided response , unlike the access to information regime , there is no avenue of appeal .
The speaker has repeatedly rebuffed attempts to get him to intervene in disputes over the quality of a particular response by noting that there is no guarantee that the answer be a good one , but only that it be provided on time .
It 's also worth noting that a search of the parliamentary archives reveals that , while this government is by no means the first to cite overly taxing search requirements or a lack of ready availability in declining to produce a requested answer , it appears the trend is definitely on the upswing .
Between 1994 and 2006 , for instance , the expense of conducting a manual search was mentioned in just five responses printed in Hansard , while between 2007 and 2013 , the same phrase appears 54 times in reference to Order Paper replies .
Still , judging from the list at the back of the Order Paper , MPs are n't quite ready to give up on their right to ask questions .
After all , sometimes the lack of response is , itself , an answer .
A man convicted of taking part in the genocide talks about what made him murder nine neighbours
MBYO , Rwanda ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) – Frederick Kazibwemo was 25 years old when he killed nine neighbours during Rwanda 's 1994 genocide .
`` On April 7 , the day after the president 's plane crashed , the local authorities called all of the Hutu in the village for a meeting .
`` They told us that the Tutsi killed the president . The mayor told us we have to kill the Tutsi . We should take their land and cows . We should take everything . Many of us Hutu were poor and the Tutsi were rich .
`` We understood it to be the law because it was coming from the government .
`` It was not a surprise . Before the plane crashed , they had told us that we were going to kill the Tutsi but they did n't tell us when .
`` In 1992 , people in our village killed their Tutsi neighbours . I saw the bodies in a pit latrine .
`` They were trying it out ahead of the genocide . I think it was organised by the government because the killers were never punished .
`` During the genocide , the first Tutsi I saw being killed was hiding in his neighbour 's house . I knew three of the men who killed him .
`` On April 10 , soldiers captured some Tutsi on the Burundian border , which is not far from here . They brought them to the village and told us to kill them . I watched but I did n't take part .
`` That day , my Tutsi neighbours came to hide in my house . There was a woman and her four children .
`` The next day , some people came to my house and found them . They reported me to the authorities who called me and asked me : ‘ Why are you hiding Tutsi ? You are supposed to kill them . '
`` I went home and I told them that I would be punished if I allowed them to stay .
`` The woman said to me : ‘ Even if I die , please , I beg you , let my child , Aline , survive . '
`` She was the youngest , a girl aged nine . I hid her in a basket where I used to store my grain .
`` I was scared but I did it because they were close neighbours .
`` About 20 minutes after they left , they were killed . I heard about it and went to that place . I saw their bodies .
`` Aline asked me if her family was dead and I told her . She was traumatised .
`` After that , I started to participate in the killings . I felt free to kill because the government told us to do it .
`` Early on the morning of the 15th , we held a meeting and discussed who we were going to kill and how . Then we split up .
`` Our group had about 80 men . We found a family of eight hiding in a bush . They were drinking porridge .
`` I knew them . They were my neighbours . The woman was called Mukamumana Ummacule and she was with her seven children . I remember the names of two of the teenage boys , Nkurunziza and Niyomugabo .
`` We chanted as we attacked them : ‘ Woooo . '
`` One girl escaped . We killed the others using machetes and spears from our houses .
`` They were begging for forgiveness . But because of the government order to kill them , we did n't forgive them . We killed them .
`` I did it because the government told us to . They never did anything bad to me . I had to respect the government .
`` We buried their bodies in two different places . We did n't want them to smell or dogs to start eating them .
`` When we finished , we met up again to report how many people we had killed , who we had killed and who we did n't see and had to look for next .
`` When you are killing , you do n't feel anything . You 're like an animal . But afterwards , you wonder why did I kill those people ?
`` When I got home , I thought about how I used to visit them at their house , how they used to invite me over . I felt sick .
`` On the 20th , we went out to kill again . This time we were about 40 men . We found two men hiding in cassava trees , eating cassava . We killed them .
`` I was not normal . It 's like I was two different people . One part of me had to save the life of this Tutsi child . Another part felt like I had to kill Tutsi .
`` The Rwandan Patriotic Front arrived in our village on May 1 . By then , all of the Tutsi in our village were dead or had run away .
`` If they had n't come , we Hutu would have started to kill each other . We had physical fights over the Tutsis ' land and money that we had taken .
`` Everyone left . We were scared . I ran with my family to a refugee camp in the south of Rwanda run by the French . We walked seven days to get there . The RPF attacked it and we came back home in August .
`` In March 1995 , government officials came to my house and arrested me .
`` In 2003 , the president said that people who confessed and apologised could be freed . I wrote down what I did and I was given a seven year sentence . I had already been in jail eight years so they let me go .
`` When I remember those people I killed , I feel sick . Sometimes I think about how I 'm living and how they 're supposed to be alive as well .
`` After the genocide , I took Aline to an orphanage . Now she 's married with two children . She has a good life in Kigali . ”
Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
King had an even more expansive vision . He laid out the case for the guaranteed income in his final book , 1967 's Where Do We Go From Here : Chaos or Community ? Washington 's previous efforts to fight poverty , he concluded , had been `` piecemeal and pygmy . '' The government believed it could lift up the poor by attacking the root causes of their impoverishment one by one—by providing better housing , better education , and better support for families . But these efforts had been too small and too disorganized . Moreover , he wrote , `` the programs of the past all have another common failing—they are indirect . Each seeks to solve poverty by first solving something else . ''
It was time , he believed , for a more straightforward approach : the government needed to make sure every American had a reasonable income .
In part , King 's thinking seemed to stem from a sense that no matter how strongly the economy might grow , it would never eliminate poverty entirely , or provide jobs for all . As he put it :
We have come a long way in our understanding of human motivation and of the blind operation of our economic system . Now we realize that dislocations in the market operation of our economy and the prevalence of discrimination thrust people into idleness and bind them in constant or frequent unemployment against their will . The poor are less often dismissed from our conscience today by being branded as inferior and incompetent . We also know that no matter how dynamically the economy develops and expands it does not eliminate all poverty . [ ... ] The problem indicates that our emphasis must be two-fold . We must create full employment or we must create incomes . People must be made consumers by one method or the other . Once they are placed in this position , we need to be concerned that the potential of the individual is not wasted . New forms of work that enhance the social good will have to be devised for those for whom traditional jobs are not available
Note , King did not appear to be arguing that Washington should simply pay people not to work . Rather , he seemed to believe it was the government 's responsibility to create jobs for those left behind by the economy ( from his language here , it 's not hard to imagine he might even have supported a work requirement , in some circumstances ) , but above all else , to ensure a basic standard of living .
More than basic , actually . King argued that the guaranteed income should be `` pegged to the median of society , '' and rise automatically along with the U.S. standard of living . `` To guarantee an income at the floor would simply perpetuate welfare standards and freeze into the society poverty conditions , '' he wrote . Was it feasible ? Maybe . He noted an estimate by John Kenneth Galbraith that the government could create a generous guaranteed income with $ 20 billion , which , as the economist put it , was `` not much more than we will spend the next fiscal year to rescue freedom and democracy and religious liberty as these are defined by 'experts ' in Vietnam . ''
Muzzled dog rescued from car after being left in 31C heat for two hours in King 's Lynn
The brown and white greyhound-cross was rescued from a car after he was left in 31C heat for almost two hours . Picture : Emily Astillberry
A muzzled dog had to be rescued from a car after it was left in 31C heat for almost two hours .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The greyhound-cross was left in a Ford Focus with all four windows ajar at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital car park , in King 's Lynn , on Friday , July 7 .
When RSPCA inspector Emily Astillberry arrived at the car park just after 11am , she noticed a ticket in the car which was valid from 9.25am .
“ The car was parked in direct sunlight with all four windows rolled down and the dog tethered inside. ” She said .
“ What made it even more concerning was that this poor boy had been muzzled .
“ Muzzles restrict dogs and can make it much more difficult for them to pant . His body temperature must have been through the roof . ”
She placed a thermometer inside the car , which showed a reading of 31C , while the outside temperature on the day was in the 20s .
Ms Astillberry waited for the owner for 15 minutes and just as she was about to call the police the owner showed up .
“ I explained that it was completely unacceptable and was very dangerous for the dog , and gave the owner a strong warning .
“ We discussed the dog 's best interests and he signed the dog over . ”
The two-year-old brown and white dog was taken into the RSPCA West Norfolk branch and will be available for rehoming .
“ He 's a lovely dog and will be rehomed soon . He is really young so will have a nice happy life. ” Ms Astillberry said .
Last week , the RSPCA received 597 calls to its emergency hotline with 10 coming from Norfolk .
Ms Astillberry advised dog owners to leave their pets at home if they planned on spending a long time outdoors .
She said pets should not be left in vehicles even if the windows were left open .
She added : “ We get called about these incidences more often than we 'd like to , and just for silly things , like people taking dogs with them when they go to Tesco and they leave them outside .
“ You can be prosecuted if you cause an animal to suffer or leave them in circumstances which is likely to cause them suffering . ”
Anyone who notices a dog shut in a hot car in warm weather is advised to call 999 .
■ For more information on what to do if you see a dog in a car in distress , visit the RSPCA website .
Donald Trump has mounted his fourth attack on the NFL in eight days , continuing his long campaign against the protest movement among the league 's players .
“ At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up , ” the president tweeted on Tuesday morning . “ The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country , our Flag and our National Anthem . Weak and out of control ! ”
Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up . The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country , our Flag and our National Anthem . Weak and out of control !
The exact number of players protesting against racial inequality in the US is hard to count as some kneel before the anthem , others stay in the tunnel while others stand with their arms on the shoulders of sitting team-mates . However , Trump 's figures roughly tally with those of the Associated Press , which counted 23 players sitting out the anthem during Sunday 's afternoon games . That is still a small minority of the league 's players , however : there are 32 teams in the NFL , and 46 players on each roster are eligible to play each week .
'We 're stuck ' : Durant says move to Warriors woke him up to race problems in US Read more
Trump prompted large numbers of players to protest earlier this season after saying anyone who kneels for the anthem should be fired . Ratings for last week 's games on Thanksgiving , usually a time when Americans gather round to watch football , were down , continuing a decline that has lasted all season . However , it is not clear that the protest movement is the reason behind the decline as TV ratings are down across US sports including Nascar , which is popular in Trump 's heartland .
Trump 's assertion on Tuesday that the NFL is having a hard time filling up stadiums is dubious . Attendances have held steady this year although the NFL takes into account season tickets in attendance figures , even if fans do not show up .
The president 's antipathy towards the protest movement is shared by large parts of America . An ESPN survey showed the majority of white Americans oppose the protests . The same survey showed most African Americans approve .
The protests have also influenced other sports . The German soccer team Hertha Berlin took a knee in solidarity with NFL players , while NBA star Kevin Durant said Colin Kaepernick , who started the movement , had made him more aware of his status as a black man in America . “ It definitely put me in a different place because we just started talking about stuff that 's always been going on , ” Durant told the San Jose Mercury News this week . “ You tend to just focus on what you know , or focus on what you do every day , and sometimes you can be so far removed from where you grew up or from home that you do n't realize what 's going on back there . ”
by Robert C. Lehrman on April 22 , 2014
As of April 8-21 , 2014 , this was approved . The federal government approved this brand of powderized alcohol two weeks ago . The reviewing agency has been TTB ( not FDA , as some press accounts have said ) . TTB is a sub-unit of the US Department of Treasury .
First and for a long time , alcohol was just liquid . Then it was whipped , solidified and almost vaporized . And now alcohol is powderized . A really good TV summary is here .
April 21 , 2014 , 5 pm ET , Update : The Palcohol company has surrendered all seven label approvals back to TTB . Here is one of the labels as approved on April 8 , 2014 and then the same label as “ surrendered ” April 21 . The differing status is shown at the center of each document . TTB has not said much about the change of course . Palcohol has said : “ We have been in touch with the TTB and there seemed to be a discrepancy on our fill level , how much powder is in the bag . There was a mutual agreement for us to surrender the labels . ”
May 8 , 2014 , 3 pm ET , Update : Sen. Charles Schumer has blasted Palcohol and pressed FDA to step in , during the past week . Many sources and links on web . And , Mark Phillips does quite a good job rebutting most of the critics here .
I am not astonished that this is a real product — but I am absolutely astonished that this got approved . TTB approved seven versions of this powdered alcohol label on April 8 , 2014 . It is seven labels covering five products ( two rum-like , two vodka-like , one Cosmopolitan-like , one Lemon Drop-like , and one Margarita-like ) .
Related points :
The person that pushed this through must be very patient or lucky and/or good . The product seems highly likely to raise a large number of legal issues and controversies . The company 's website ( as of a few days ago ) tended to underscore the controversies , saying : “ What 's worse than going to a concert , sporting event , etc . and having to pay $ 10 , $ 15 , $ 20 for a mixed drink with tax and tip . Are you kidding me ? ! Take Palcohol into the venue and enjoy a mixed drink for a fraction of the cost. ” And :
We 've been talking about drinks so far . But we have found adding Palcohol to food is so much fun . Sprinkle Palcohol on almost any dish and give it an extra kick . Some of our favorites are the Kamikaze in guacamole , Rum on a BBQ sandwich , Cosmo on a salad and Vodka on eggs in the morning to start your day off right . Experiment . Palcohol is great on so many foods . Remember , you have to add Palcohol AFTER a dish is cooked as the alcohol will burn off if you cook with it…and that defeats the whole purpose .
The current Palcohol website is much more tame and also has a short bio for Mark Phillips , the force behind Palcohol . Over the weekend Mark confirmed that he was in fact quite patient about this ; he said : “ The TTB was cautious . It took us nearly four years to get the approval . ”
California seems to have been way out in front of this with Regulation 2557 . We are not aware of directly and specifically relevant TTB rules , and this may well explain why no rules blocked the initial approvals . Many thanks to John for finding these Palcohol approvals among millions of obscure government records .
The Fox News Channel reporter who had been facing jail time if she refused to divulge her sources for a story about the Aurora theater shooting said she hopes she can go back to doing her job , now that the ordeal appears to be behind her .
Jana Winter , who is based in New York , said longtime sources stopped talking to her immediately after she was subpoenaed to testify and investigative stories she was working on dried up . She did n't have much time to report anyway , she said because the legal fight against the subpoena took up so much of each day .
But Winter 's entanglement in the theater shooting case appeared to end Tuesday , when New York 's highest court overturned lower courts ' rulings and said Winter should not have to reveal her sources .
“ I hope that all the sources who stopped talking to me will come back now that this subpoena issue is gone , ” she said . “ I hope that I can go back to being a regular reporter who no one recognizes . ”
Attorneys for James Holmes wanted to put Winter on the stand to tell who provided her with information about a notebook that Holmes mailed to his psychiatrist .
Winter filed a motion in Colorado to quash the subpoena , on which the judge here had not yet ruled . Had he ordered Winter to testify , she could have faced indefinite jail time if she refused — which she was adamant she would .
Every time Winter traveled to Colorado to attend a court hearing on her subpoena , she said she prepared as if she was n't going to be returning home soon . She talked to her family . She arranged her financial affairs . She made sure she washed the dishes in the sink .
“ It was , ‘ Here 's a list of everything I need to do before I go to jail this time , ' ” Winter said Wednesday . “ It was really , really horrible in every possible way . … I do n't ever want to have a Thanksgiving again where everyone at the table is super thankful that I 'm not in jail yet . ”
When a witness lives out of state , though , courts in both states have to approve a subpoena compelling that witness to testify . This week 's ruling undid New York 's approval of the subpoena , effectively quashing it — although Winter said she wo n't be traveling to Colorado while the theater shooting case is still pending .
Arapahoe County District Court Judge Carlos Samour , who is overseeing the theater shooting case , indicated during an earlier order that if New York courts overruled Winter 's subpoena , the fight would be over .
“ It is possible that the New York Court of Appeals will rule in Winter 's favor and will , in turn , render the motion to quash moot , ” Samour wrote in September .
Winter praised Fox News and its chairman and CEO , Roger Ailes , for their support . And she said this week 's ruling — which sets a legal precedent protecting the confidentiality of sources for journalists in New York — made the fight worthwhile .
“ People risk their jobs to give information the public would n't otherwise be able to know , ” she said of her sources .
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 , jingold @ denverpost.com or twitter.com/john_ingold
All that glitters is not gold , especially when it comes to Donald Trump .
Charlie Sheen says the presumptive GOP nominee once gave him an impromptu wedding gift of what he said were platinum and diamond cufflinks .
But there was one problem . They were n't actually the real deal . And when the Hollywood actor had them valued , he claims they turned out to be fake .
Sheen recounted the incident on `` The Graham Norton Show , '' which aired in the United Kingdom on Friday night .
`` I 'm really not a fan , '' Sheen said of Trump , who spoke to him at a dinner around five years ago . `` He says 'these are platinum diamond Harry Winston ' and he pulls off his cufflinks and he gives them to me . ''
Six months later , Sheen asked a jeweler appraising jewelry at his home to take a look at the 'links .
`` She took the loupe , spent about four seconds , and kind of recoiled from it — much like people do from Trump — and says 'in their finest moment , this is cheap pewter and bad zirconias , ' '' said Sheen , who dismissed the real estate mogul as a `` charlatan . ''
`` And they 're stamped 'Trump . ' And I just thought , 'what does this really say about the man , that he said , 'here 's a great wedding gift , ' and it 's just a bag of dog shit ? '' Trump has so far not commented on the claims .
Sheen revealed he 'd been diagnosed as HIV positive in November . He told Norton the diagnosis had been “ liberating ” and that he 'd been taking part in drug trials to combat the condition ever since . “ It was an opportunity to stop the self-loathing and the ‘ why me ' and be part of something genuinely important , ” he added .
Watch the full clip above .
The United States ' 43 million Latinos are the fastest-growing minority group in the country . For Emilio San Pedro , travelling from coast-to-coast talking to fellow Latinos has also allowed him to reflect on his own identity . Latino Amilcar Arroyo is concerned about harassment Right from the start it felt like a perfect fit for me , an assignment that would take me across America , reporting on the lives of Latinos from all walks of life . People from all over Latin America who have settled , legally or otherwise , in the United States . I met Flor Crisostomo , an illegal immigrant with no official documents , who faces deportation from the US . This woman in her late 20s has spent the last three months hiding from the immigration authorities in a small church in the heart of one of Chicago 's main Latino neighbourhoods . Flor 's personal situation has turned her into an immigration rights activist of the highest order . She has become the public face of the estimated 12 million undocumented or illegal immigrants living and working in the United States . She tells me that if they want to take her , the authorities will have to drag her - a defenceless mother-of-three - out of the church . Immigrant pride The next day at my hotel in downtown Chicago , a Mexican waiter smiles when I mention to him that I met her . They yell epithets at you as you 're walking down the street - things like 'take your boat and go back to your banana country ! '
Amilcar Arroyo , US Latino He tells me how proud she makes him feel to be Mexican , to be a Latino , and how unfairly immigrants like him are being treated by the US authorities . After all , he says , repeating the phrase that has become the mantra of the pro-immigrant lobby , the immigrants like him are doing the jobs that American citizens simply do not want to do . True or not , the fact is that it is nearly impossible to dine in a restaurant in Chicago - including the Thai restaurant near our hotel - and find a server , cashier or possibly even a chef , who is not Latino . But there are many Americans , like those I met in the small mountain town of Hazleton in Pennsylvania - including some second and third-generation Latinos - who reject the idea that the illegal immigrants are doing the jobs no-one else wants . Instead , they say that employers are behaving like bandits , taking advantage of the undocumented workers and paying them a pittance , demeaning the immigrants and regular Americans alike , who are , they say , willing to do the jobs , but not for rock-bottom wages . Rising harassment We travelled to the sleepy former mining town of Hazleton because it too has been thrust into the heart of the immigration debate . Flor Crisostomo is an illegal immigrant and faces deportation In 2006 , tired of what he saw as the lack of action on the part of the federal authorities in dealing with the issue of illegal immigration , the town 's mayor , Lou Barletta , decided to take matters into his own , and the town 's , hands . He proposed - and the town council approved - a bye-law giving the local authorities extraordinary powers to crack down on illegal immigrants and those offering them employment and housing . It was later suspended by a federal court , which deemed the measure unconstitutional . However , a Latino of Peruvian descent , Amilcar Arroyo , whom I met during my brief visit to the town , is concerned . He has lived in Hazleton for over two decades and is today an American citizen and the publisher of a small Spanish-language newspaper which serves the thousands of Hispanics who live in the area . He tells me that despite having been overturned by a federal court , the former law has left an indelible stain and made life worse for the town 's Latinos - even for the legal residents and citizens like himself - who are the subject of harassment and taunting by some locals . `` They yell epithets at you as you 're walking down the street - things like 'Take your boat and go back to your banana country ! ' '' He says many Latinos fear that things could get even worse . Hope for the future I discuss that concern at the end of my trip in Washington with Janet Murguia , President of the most powerful Latino pressure and advocacy group , the National Council of La Raza . The once disjointed and far from united Latino community is finding its voice and defining its identity as a cohesive group
It is this anxiety over immigration - and what she says is the vilifying of Latinos in some quarters - that has been galvanising Hispanics in the US to vote in bigger numbers than ever , and to register to vote , in some cases for the very first time . She points out that Latinos have been voting in huge numbers in the Democratic primaries and may play an even greater role , perhaps , in the upcoming presidential election . The fact that the once-disjointed and far from united Latino community is finding its voice and defining its identity as a cohesive group , and has come such a long way over a relatively small period of time , fills me with hope for the future , despite the row over immigration and the feeling among many that they are still not accepted or that they do not fit in . What sort of future could this be ? Not perhaps one in which the US is overrun by Latinos , or in which Spanish becomes the main language , as some anti-immigrant activists have been predicting in their Doomsday scenario . I can see a future in which the Flors , Amilcars , and yes , even the Emilios , can help define and enrich the American mosaic of tomorrow . From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 17 May , 2008 at 1130 BST on BBC Radio 4 . Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
While Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , 26/11 mastermind Hafeez Saeed and heads of several other militant organisations were the faces of Ravana effigies burnt on Dussehra across the country , a section of JNU students chose the visages of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah to represent the demon king and burnt his effigy .
Advertising
The act might backfire on them considering the university administration 's decision last week to order a proctorial inquiry into the effigy-burning of the Gujarat government and ‘ gau-rakshak ' ( cow vigilantes ) and to issue show-cause notices to the students concerned .
Members of the Congress-affiliated National Students ' Union of India ( NSUI ) celebrated Dussehra last night by burning the effigy of Modi as Ravan , claiming that it was a protest against the Centre 's “ failure ” in honouring its promises and the continuous attacks on various educational institutions across the country .
Besides Modi and Shah , the effigy had faces of Yoga guru Ramdev , Sadhvi Pragya , Nathuram Godse , Asaram Bapu and JNU Vice-Chancellor Jagadesh Kumar . The students also carried placards with the slogan , ‘ Truth shall prevail over evil ' .
“ The effigy-burning was to symbolise our dissatisfaction with the current government . The idea is to root out the evil from governance and bring about a system that is pro-student and pro-people , ” said Sunny Diman , an NSUI activist and the outfit 's candidate in the recently-concluded JNUSU polls .
“ Look at what this government has done to our country . The promises it made are still on paper and are repeated only in speeches . Whenever students want to raise their voice , they are attacked by the administration , certainly on instructions from the government . This Dussehra , we wanted to put an end to these rubbish activities , ” he added .
Advertising
The effigy was burnt at the famous Saraswati Dhaba on the JNU campus . University officials , when contacted , were tight-lipped about whether the students had sought a permission for the event or not .
Ken Rogoff in Davos Bloomberg Television The big talk in the world of economics continues to be the famous study by Carmen Reinhart and Ken Rogoff , which claimed that as countries see debt/GDP going above 90 % , growth slows dramatically .
Economists have always been skeptical of the correlation/causality on this .
But yesterday , a new study emerged which claimed that Reinhart and Rogoff used a faulty dataset to make that claim and ( most stunningly ) had an Excel error that exacerbated the growth dropoff for countries with debt/GDP higher than 90 % .
After the report dropped ( and proceeded to blow up the internet ) , Reinhart and Rogoff rushed out a quick statement claiming that the new study ( which was done by some UMass professors ) supported their thesis that growth slowed as debt to GDP got higher . And Reinhart and Rogoff were quick to reiterate that even they were n't necessarily implying causation on this ( which may be true , but the fact that they say this is not well known to the politicians who are always citing the dreaded 90 % level ) .
But in a new response , Reinhart and Rogoff admit they did make an Excel blunder , and that it mattered !
Here 's the key part :
The authors point out that there are three problems with our 1945-2009 averages and the paper itself : ( i ) a coding error that causes the first five countries in the alphabet to be omitted in forming averages for the 1946-2009 period in one figure , ( ii ) `` selective exclusion '' of 1946-1950 for New Zealand , and ( iii ) `` unconventional weighting of summary statistics '' —the implication being that these omissions are intentionally used to bias the results . They argue that the interaction of three problems magnifies their effects and leads to completely different conclusions , especially when they choose a different weighting scheme .
On the first point , we reiterate that Herndon , Ash and Pollin accurately point out the coding error that omits several countries from the averages in figure 2 . Full stop . HAP are on point . The authors show our accidental omission has a fairly marginal effect on the 0-to-90-per-cent buckets in figure 2 . However , it leads to a notable change in the average growth rate for the over-90-per-cent debt group . The median growth rate we report is the right order of magnitude .
The statement is n't a full cave .
They still say that growth is slower as debt gets higher , and as stated in the statement above , they claim that median , rather than mean , growth rates are consistent with their original projections , even with the Excel change .
STILL . This is dramatic stuff . The 90 % threshold has taken on a huge role in the public economic/political/pop-culture discourse . And they admit that an Excel error lead to a `` notable '' change in what you 'd get for the average growth rate above this level .
Here is the full text of their response :
Response to Herndon , Ash and Pollin by Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff , April 17 , 2012
We are grateful to Herndon et al . for the careful attention to our original Growth in a Time of Debt AER paper and for pointing out an important correction to Figure 2 of that paper . It is sobering that such an error slipped into one of our papers despite our best efforts to be consistently careful . We will redouble our efforts to avoid such errors in the future . We do not , however , believe this regrettable slip affects in any significant way the central message of the paper or that in our subsequent work . But first let us consider the specific points raised by Herndon Ash and Pollin ( HAP ) in their comment that we were sent yesterday .
The authors point out that there are three problems with our 1945-2009 averages and the paper itself : ( i ) a coding error that causes the first five countries in the alphabet to be omitted in forming averages for the 1946-2009 period in one figure , ( ii ) `` selective exclusion '' of 1946-1950 for New Zealand , and ( iii ) `` unconventional weighting of summary statistics '' —the implication being that these omissions are intentionally used to bias the results . They argue that the interaction of three problems magnifies their effects and leads to completely different conclusions , especially when they choose a different weighting scheme .
On the first point , we reiterate that Herndon , Ash and Pollin accurately point out the coding error that omits several countries from the averages in figure 2 . Full stop . HAP are on point . The authors show our accidental omission has a fairly marginal effect on the 0-90 % buckets in figure 2 . However , it leads to a notable change in the average growth rate for the over 90 % debt group . The median growth rate we report is the right order of magnitude . Our interpretation of the errant data point in figure 2 was fortunately tempered somewhat by the parallel weight given to the median GDP growth rate for the various levels of debt in our discussion , an issue HAP selectively ignore . To quote from our opening paragraph :
`` median growth rates for countries with public debt over roughly 90 percent of GDP are about one percent lower than otherwise ; There is also Table 1 which immediately follows figure 2 , and does not have the same issues . Table 1 gives all the individual country estimates for all the buckets and over a much longer time period than figure 2 , and of course figures importantly in our analysis . We are fortunate that we chose to present our results in several different ways , including means , medians , and individual country averages , in no small part as standard robustness checks . Nevertheless , the mistake in figure 2 resulting from the coding error is a significant lapse on our part .
HAP go on to note some other missing debt data points , which they describe as `` selective omissions '' . This charge , which permeates through their paper , is one we object to in the strongest terms . The `` gaps '' are explained by the fact there were still gaps in our public data debt set at the time of this paper , a data set no one else had ever been able to construct before and which we now have filled in much more completely . Many readers of our work have followed this evolution on our data website . For example , at the time the 2010 AER paper was written , there were gaps in the French data for the 1970s that we only filled in later . Other data , including data for New Zealand for the years around WWII , had just been incorporated and we had not vetted the comparability and quality data with data for the more recent period . In effect , HAP only knew we had these data as we sent them the file we had used at that time .
We have no issues with to Herndon , Ash and Pollin for bringing attention to any data question regarding our work . In this regard , we note that we have long since fully integrated the New Zealand data back to the early 1800s , once we were able to process it . Every major high debt episode for advanced countries since 1800 and the underlying data is included in our 2012 Journal of Economic Perspectives paper co-authored with Vincent Reinhart .
But surely the authors do not mean to insinuate that we manipulated the data to exaggerate our results . To what purpose would we `` manipulate '' the average growth rate for debt above 90 % and show an average of -0.1 % when in the same AER paper we report the median for 1946-2009 at 1.6 % , and over the longer sample 1790-2009 , we report and average of 1.7 % and a median of 1.9 % ? ( see table below ) Why , for that matter , would we provide all the data that we have gathered and used in our research over the years documenting in detail multiple sources to the public domain ?
This brings us to the core conceptual issue , which Herndon , Ash and Pollin argue greatly biases our results . They argue that we use an `` unconventional weighting of summary statistics . '' In particular , for each bucket , we take average growth rates for each country and then take an average of the result . This seems perfectly natural to us , and hardly unconventional . We do not want to excessively weight Greece , for example , which has debt over 90 % for 19 years in the 1946-2009 sample . The post-war Advanced Economy experience would quickly reduce to the experiences of Greece and Japan . Our approach has been followed in many other settings where one does not want to overly weight a small number of countries that may have their own peculiarities . Our approach is quite clear from table 1 , which also gives the averages for each individual country .
Our 2012 Journal of Economic Perspectives paper , based a much longer time period ( 1800-2011 versus the 1946-2009 Herndon et al focus on ) , gives episode-by-episode data for each country , including growth rates and number of years , so the results are quite transparent . The problems with weighting long episodes much more heavily than short episodes , as Herndon et al . suggest , become much more apparent in the longer time series ( an earlier version of which was also used in Table 1 of our original AER paper ) As we noted in our initial comment yesterday upon just receiving the paper , our JEP paper anticipates most of the aggregation debate and diffuses it by using a case-study approach . That is where this literature is now expanding .
So do where does this leave matters on debt and growth ? Do Herndon et al . get dramatically different results on the relatively short post war sample they focus on ? Not really . They , too , find lower growth associated with periods when debt is over 90 % ( they find 0-30 debt/GDP , 4.2 % growth ; 30-60 , 3.1 % ; 60-90 , 3.2 % , ; over 90 , 2.2 % . Put differently , growth at high debt levels is a little more than half of the growth rate at the lowest levels of debt . They ignore the fact that these results are close to what we get in our Table 1 of our AER paper they critique , and not far from the median results in Figure 2 despite its coding error . And they are not very different from what we report in our 2012 Journal of Economic Perspectives paper with Vincent Reinhart—where the average is 2.4 % for high debt versus 3.5 % for below 90 % . The table below makes the similarity of all these comparisons clear :
1945-2009
RR AER ( 2010 )
HAP ( 2013 )
Debt/GDP
Mean
Median
Mean
Median
0 to 30
4.1
4.2
4.2
NA
30 to 60
2.8
3.9
3.1
NA
60 to 90
2.8
2.9
3.2
NA
Above 90
-0.1
1.6
2.2
NA
RR AER ( 2010 ) ( Table 1 )
1800-2009
0 to 30
3.7
3.9
NA
NA
30 to 60
3.0
3.1
NA
NA
60 to 90
3.4
2.8
NA
NA
Above 90
1.7
1.9
NA
NA
RRR JEP ( 2012 ) ,
1800-2011
Mean
Below 90
3.5
Above 90
2.4
NA implies not available
There is also the question of whether these growth effects can be economically large . Here it is very misleading to think of 1 % growth differences without recognizing that the typical high debt episode lasts well over a decade ( 23 years on average in the full sample . ) It is utterly misleading to speak of a 1 % growth differential that lasts 10-25 years as small . If a country grows at 1 % below trend for 23 years , output will be roughly 25 % below trend at the end of the period , with massive cumulative effects .
Looking to the reaction to this comment in blogosphere , we note that this is not the first time our academic work is seen pandering to a political view . What is quite remarkable is that this claim has spanned polar opposites ! This time , we are charged with misconstruing analysis to support austerity . Only a few months ago , our findings on slow recoveries from financial crises was accused as providing a rationale for the deep recession and weak economy the Obama administration has faced since 2007 .
Herndon , Ash and Pollin have written a useful paper , finding a significant mistake in one of our figures , and helped reconcile why one result is out of line with all the other results in our original paper as well as ones presented in our later research , not to mention those they present in their helpful comment . Clearly more research is needed on debt and growth and we welcome all efforts , it is very exciting area . We now have debt data for a larger number of countries than the original sample and long time periods that allows this research to press forward .
Alex Thomas
The Intel Hub
25 letters that claim nuclear bombs are hidden throughout the United States have been sent to multiple investigators and citizens in the Chicago area .
The letter inside said , “ The Al-Qaeda organization has planted 160 nuclear bombs throughout the U.S. in schools , stadiums , churches , stores , financial institutions and government buildings. ” It also said , “ This is a suicide mission for us , ” reported CBS Chicago .
While this news may be startling to many , it is no surprise to those in the alternative media . The idea of nukes in the United States has run rampant for years , with many believing rogue elements of our government will actually use these nukes within the United States to create enough chaos to initiate a world government .
In 2002 the right wing news organization World Net Daily reported that Bin Laden had snuck over 20 suitcase nukes into the United States ,
A new book by an FBI consultant on international terrorism says Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida terrorist network purchased 20 suitcase nuclear weapons from former KGB agents in 1998 for $ 30 million .
The book , “ Al Qaeda : Brotherhood of Terror , ” by Paul L. Williams , also says this deal was one of at least three in the last decade in which al-Qaida purchased small nuclear weapons or weapons-grade nuclear uranium .
This report was one of the first out of a long line of fear mongering reports that have been used to plant the idea of Al Qaeda nuking us into the mind of everyday American citizens .
Most remember the “ missing nukes ” report that broke in 2007 . Apparently several nukes were lost for upwards of 36 hours after leaving U.S.A.F Base Minot in North Dakota .
According to a wide range of reports , several nuclear bombs were “ lost ” for 36 hours after taking off August 29/30 , 2007 on a “ cross-country journey ” across the U.S. , from U.S.A.F Base Minot in North Dakota to U.S.A.F . Base Barksdale in Louisiana . Reportedly , in total there were six W80-1 nuclear warheads armed on AGM-129 Advanced Cruise Missiles ( ACMs ) that were “ lost. ” The story was first reported by the Military Times , after military servicemen leaked the story , reported Mahdi Darius Nazemroaya .
The idea that Al Qaeda could place over a hundred nuclear weapons into government buildings throughout the United States is 100 % impossible . Cave dwelling ninjas do not have the ability to either steal or create nuclear weapons , fly them over to America , and somehow plant them in government buildings .
The fact that the Pentagon and the CIA run Al Qaeda , have dined with top “ terrorist ” Anwar al-Awlaki , and openly fund Al Qaeda seems to be unimportant to the corporate controlled media .
This is n't a realistic option yet reports like this are used to trick ignorant Americans into hating Muslims even more .
This also gives elements of our government the ability to say , “ told you so ” if or when a nuke detonates in an American city .
District of Columbia : Donald Trump said Monday the United States would signal its withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade pact on his first day in the White House , one of six immediate steps aimed at `` putting America first . ''
The Republican billionaire -- who for 10 days has been sounding out cabinet picks at his Trump Tower offices in New York -- made the pledge in a short video message .
The 70-year-old property tycoon outlined a list of priorities for his first 100 days and executive actions to be taken `` on day one '' -- on half a dozen issues from trade to immigration , national security and ethics -- in a push to `` reform Washington and rebuild our middle class . ''
`` My agenda will be based on a simple core principle : putting America first , '' said the president-elect , whose campaign tapped the anger of working-class Americans who feel left behind by globalisation . It singled out trade deals such as the TPP as key culprits .
`` On trade , I am going to issue our notification of intent to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a potential disaster for our country , '' said Trump , who takes office January 20 .
`` Instead , we will negotiate fair bilateral trade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores , '' he said .
Both the 12-nation TPP -- signed in February but not yet in force -- and the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement featured heavily in the brutal White House race . Trump said they harmed the US economy and jobs and many see his victory as a repudiation of ever-deeper commercial ties.Trump ` s populist election platform called for scuttling the TPP -- President Barack Obama ` s signature trade initiative which still needs approval from the Republican-dominated Congress -- as well as for renegotiating NAFTA .
Asian leaders have been scrambling to save the trade pact .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that `` TPP without the United States would be meaningless . ''
The Japanese leader told reporters in Buenos Aires that the 12 TPP leaders who met in Lima on Saturday did not discuss putting the deal into effect without the US .
Matthias Helble , a research economist at the Asian Development Bank Institute in Tokyo , said Trump ` s announcement that bilateral trade deals would replace TPP `` comes at a high cost . ''
`` The outcome of ten years of hard-fought negotiations has been jettisoned , '' Helble said .
`` The only glimmer of hope is that Trump is not fully abandoning the idea of trade opening . ''
Trump ` s pledge to pull out of the deal was one of six points on which he promised immediate executive action -- which he can take without Congressional approval .
Trump said he would direct the Department of Labor to investigate abuses of visa programs `` that undercut the American worker . ''
On energy , he pledged to boost the oil and gas sector and bring back coal .
Trump also said he would ask defense officials to create plans to protect the US `` from cyber-attacks and all other form of attacks . ''
Sticking to his central pledge to cut government red tape , he promised `` a rule which says that for every one new regulation , two old regulations must be eliminated . ''
Though his own transition team includes several lobbyists , the Republican also promised `` a five-year ban on executive officials becoming lobbyists after they leave the administration . `` There was no mention in the message of some of Trump ` s biggest campaign promises -- notably his pledge to build a wall along the Mexican border , deport millions of immigrants , restrict Muslim immigration and repeal the Obamacare health care law .
The video was issued as the stream of would-be appointees continued at his New York headquarters . The day ` s talk focused on the possible nomination of retired general James `` Mad Dog '' Mattis as secretary of defense .
Despite the 66-year-old Marine ` s renowned frankness -- `` Be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everyone you meet '' -- he enjoys warm support in Washington and should sail through confirmation .
After Mattis , Trump ` s other choices may prove more complicated , such as that for secretary of state . This is reportedly between former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani , both of whom met Trump over the weekend at his golf club in New Jersey .
After meeting potential hires , Trump hosted private talks with a group of top US news anchors and executives -- with whom he repeatedly feuded during the campaign .
Trump also suggested that Nigel Farage , the co-founder of the nationalist UK Independence Party , should become Britain ` s ambassador to the US .
`` Many people would like to see @ Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States , '' the Republican tweeted . `` He would do a great job ! ''
Late on Tuesday or early on Wednesday , Trump is to fly to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida to take a `` brief '' Thanksgiving holiday break with his family .
Eskalation in Hamburg-Altona
„ Sind wir gefährlich ? “
In Hamburg-Altona rückt die Polizei seit Tagen zu Großeinsätzen aus . Gegen jugendliche Randalierer , so heißt es . Die Anwohner fühlen sich schikaniert .
HAMBURG taz | Die Hunde bellen nicht mehr , die Autos sind stehen geblieben . In diesem Moment ist es still auf der Holstenstraße . Die Jungen aus der Nachbarschaft , die hier im Hamburger Stadtteil Altona wohnen , haben ihre Arme untergehakt . Rund 80 von ihnen stehen Schulter an Schulter auf dem Asphalt .
Ihnen gegenüber , mit schwarzen Anzügen und weißen Helmen , haben sich die Polizisten vor ihre Mannschaftswagen gestellt . Es sind fast genauso viele . „ Ihr seid selber schuld ! “ , ruft ein Junge herüber . Dann brüllen sie alle : „ Haut ab , haut ab ! “
Es ist die dritte Nacht in Folge , dass Anwohner und Polizei in dieser Straße aufeinander treffen . Am Donnerstagabend hatten Polizisten 16 Jugendliche im Alter zwischen 17 und 26 Jahren festgenommen , laut Polizei wegen des Verdachts auf Widerstand und Landfriedensbruch . Die Beamten seien angerückt , weil sie von Autofahrern angesprochen worden seien : Jugendliche hätten sie mit Laserpointern geblendet . Als die Polizisten aus dem Streifenwagen stiegen , seien sie beschimpft worden .
Doch die Anwohner schildern den Abend anders : Die muslimischen Kinder und Jugendlichen , die sich im Fastenmonat Ramadan nach Sonnenuntergang am Kiosk „ Azra “ treffen , um dort gemeinsam zu essen , seien von den Beamten überrascht worden . Grundlos hätten sie die Jungen umstellt , um ihre Ausweise zu kontrollieren .
Einem wurde die Nase gebrochen
Einen 15-Jährigen , der versucht habe , wegzulaufen , hätten sie so fest gegen eine Fensterscheibe geworfen , dass diese zerbrach . Die Polizisten hätten sie unvermittelt mit Pfefferspray besprüht . Einem Jungen sei die Nase gebrochen worden , ein anderer habe durch die Schläge der Polizisten sein Bewusstsein verloren .
Aus Protest , sagt eine Frau am nächsten Tag , hätten sich die Mütter aus dem Viertel anschließend auf die Straße gesetzt . Es seien „ randalierende Jugendliche in Altona “ , hat sie anschließend im Radio gehört : Das sei Diskriminierung , sagt sie , Rassismus . Die Frau trägt ein langes Kleid und ein Kopftuch . An diesem Freitagabend geht sie mit ihrem Mann den Bürgersteig vor dem Kiosk auf und ab .
Einige der Jungen , die die Nacht in der Zelle verbracht haben , haben sich hier auf die Holzbänke gesetzt . Sie trinken Fruchtsaft aus Tetrapacks und essen Kartoffelchips . Alle paar Minuten fährt heute ein Polizeiwagen an ihnen vorbei . „ Schon wieder “ , sagen sie dann .
Eine Stunde später , gegen 23 Uhr , ist es voll geworden . Rund 100 Menschen stehen jetzt an der Holstenstraße – Eltern , Kinder , junge Muslime , die aus anderen Teilen Hamburgs gekommen sind und Leute , deren Gesichter die Nachbarn heute zum ersten Mal sehen : Ein alter Mann mit langem Haar hat ein rotes Anarchie-Symbol auf seine löchrige Fahne gemalt . Frauen und Männer mit Kapuzenpullovern kaufen im „ Azra “ Club Mate und warten ab .
„ Geht da nicht hin “
Die Polizeiwagen fahren mittlerweile öfter , in Kolonnen . Auf der Holstenstraße schalten sie ihr Blaulicht ein oder das Martinshorn , nur kurz , um dann abzubiegen . Wenig später explodieren hundert Meter entfernt Böller . „ Geht da nicht hin “ , sagt die Mutter eines Jungen . „ Das ist wie die Fliegen , die ans Licht gehen “ , sagt ihr Mann . In einer Seitenstraße brennen jetzt zwei Autos .
Seit gut einer Woche hat die Polizei die Kontrollen in Altona verschärft . „ Schwerpunkteinsätze “ , nennt das die Polizei , weil es in den vergangenen Wochen „ vermehrt zu Straftaten von Jugendlichen und jungen Erwachsenen gegenüber Anwohnern gekommen “ sei .
Die Anwohner beklagen , dass Jugendliche in den letzten Tagen in einem Park am Haus Drei , einem Stadtteil- und Kulturzentrum , und den umliegenden Straßen zum Teil mehrmals täglich von der Polizei kontrolliert wurden . „ Die Polizisten wissen schon besser , wie ich heiße als meine Mutter “ , sagt einer von ihnen : „ Ich komme wegen der Personenkontrolle zu spät zur Arbeit . Deshalb habe ich eine Abmahnung bekommen. “
Die Polizeigewerkschaft hat am Freitagnachmittag eine Pressemitteilung verschickt . Der Tonfall ist scharf : „ Wer Polizisten angreift , muss Null-Toleranz und gesellschaftliche Ächtung erfahren. “
Dann gibt es einen Deal
Es ist nach Mitternacht , als die Menschen vom Kiosk zu den Mannschaftswagen gehen , die auf der anderen Straßenseite parken . „ Sind wir gefährlich ? “ , ruft einer . „ Können Sie nicht deeskalieren ? “ , fragt ein Vater einen Beamten . „ Die Frage ist doch : Warum ist es provozierend , wenn wir hier sind ? “ , fragt der zurück . „ Sie fahren die ganze Zeit hier lang “ , sagt der Mann . „ Das ist Ihre Sichtweise “ , sagt der Polizist .
Ob es denn keinen Sprecher gebe , will der Mann wissen . „ Wir würden gern in einen Dialog mit Ihnen treten. “
Schließlich kommt der Revierleiter , Gerd Malachowski . „ Darf ich zwei Familienväter zum Gespräch mitnehmen ? “ , fragt der Mann . Er darf . Die Kontrollen hätten sich seit einer Woche verschärft , räumt Malachowski ein , und zu dem Einsatz am Vorabend : „ Sie haben die Möglichkeit , Anzeige zu erstatten. “ Es ist ein langes Gespräch , das die Männer führen , in einer Traube aus Kindern und Punks . „ Auch Polizeibeamten machen Fehler “ , sagt Malachowski zum Schluss .
Is Montag sollen die Männer zur Polizeiwache kommen , um über die Probleme im Viertel zu sprechen . Dann fahren die Mannschaftswagen ab . Wenn ihr geht , gehen auch wir , das ist der Deal .
Doch am nächsten Abend ist der Gehweg vor dem „ Azra “ wieder voll . Ein Zwischenfall in der Nachbarschaft : Eine Personenkontrolle bei einer Handvoll Jungen . Einer von ihnen , mit schwarzer Hautfarbe , sei von einem Polizisten als „ Affe “ beschimpft worden . Das spricht sich schnell herum . Böller explodieren . Dann kommen die Polizisten . „ Machen Sie die Fahrbahn frei “ , sagt die Polizei durch . „ Ihr zuerst ! “ , rufen die Jugendlichen . „ Geht zurück zum Kiosk “ , sagt ein alter Mann . Sie gehen .
Am Sonntagnachmittag versammeln sich rund 200 Nachbarn im Park . „ Die Polizei treibt unsere Kinder dahin , dass sie sich nationalisieren “ , sagt eine Mutter . Die Eltern ließen sich das nicht gefallen .
In the data breach at the office supply retail chain Staples , a recent investigation found roughly 100 of the retailers storefront locations to be infected with malwre , experts also believe the Staples data breach may be tied to the Michaels craft store breached earlier this year .
Security expert , Brian Krebs was alerted by various banking institutions claiming that they have received alerts from Visa and MasterCard about cards impacted in the Staples breach , saying that a subset of Staples locations were compromised between July and September of 2014 .
Anonymous sources briefed on the investigation told Krebs the breach involved “ card-stealing malicious software ” installed on the retailers Point-of-Sale devices , commonly known as cash registers , at approximately 100 Staples storefront locations . Framingham , Massachusetts-based Staples operates more than 1,800 storefronts nationwide .
Staples spokesman Mark Cautela did not choose to disclose details involving the breach , only noting the company believes it has found the malware culprit and removed it from their systems .
“ We are continuing to investigate a data security incident involving an intrusion into some of our retail point of sale and computer systems , ” Cautela said in a emailed statement . “ We believe we have eradicated the malware used in the intrusion and have taken steps to further enhance the security of our network . The Company is working with law enforcement and is investigating whether any retail transaction data may have been compromised . It is important to note that customers are not responsible for any fraudulent activity on their credit cards that is reported on a timely basis . ”
Sources briefed on the investigation said the malware found in Staples locations was communicating with the same command-and-control center attackers used during the intrusion at Michaels , another retailer affected by a data breach at the beginning of 2014 . Michaels was breached two times over a period of eight months , resulting in the theft of three million customer credit and debit cards .
Sources close to the investigation compared the Staples data breach to the recent nationwide grocer Albertsons breach , noting that the breaches resulted in less customer credit and debit cards stolen than hackers had accessed too . It remains unclear what factors hindered the Staples hackers to breach so few payment card information , especially compared to the tens of millions of payment card data stolen in breaches at similar nationwide retailers including Home Depot , which put 56 millions cards at risk , and Target , which put over 40 million cards at risk .
We can expect to see a rise in major retail chains reporting hacks as Black Friday approaches , which could be a party if hackers successfully intrude . Many retailers continue to handle credit and debit card information in an unencrypted format while leaving their networks vulnerable to attack .
It is highly recommended all retailers audit their security systems before the Black Friday surge .
Staples can now add themselves to the never ending list of breached retailers .
Photo via Mr Stan Zemanek/Wikipedia [ CC BY 3.0 ]
BOX SCORE : Vassar 0 , St. Lawrence 0 ( Vassar advances on penalty kicks , 3-1 )
CANTON , N.Y. – The Vassar College men 's soccer team tied top-ranked St. Lawrence University 0-0 and advanced to the Liberty League Championship game on penalty kicks 3-1 on Wednesday at Archie MacAllaster Field .
“ St . Lawrence is the number one team in the country for a reason ; they 're tremendously skillful and a well-coached team , ” said head coach Andy Jennings . “ We managed to stay with them . Both teams battled hard and it came down to the PKs . ”
The Brewers ( 10-5-3 ) snapped the Saints ( 16-0-1 ) 16-game winning streak and will travel to Rochester Institute of Technology ( 11-6-2 ) for the Liberty Championship game on Saturday , November 5 , at 1 p.m .
Up against the National Soccer Coaches Association of America ( NSCAA ) six-week National No . 1 and the only undefeated and untied team remaining in Division III , Vassar dug in for 110 minutes of scoreless soccer to force a penalty shoot-out .
Vassar junior Gary Clauss , who was subbed into goal for Ryan Grimme in the first overtime , made two diving saves on the Saint 's first two attempts to give Vassar a 1-0 lead after senior Sam Erlichson-McCarthy scored on the first penalty kick .
“ Ryan kept us in the game , made some tremendous saves and was a massive presence in the back , ” said Jennings . “ Gary is a tremendous shot-stopper . The way he practiced on Monday , we knew he would be the guy for a shoot-out . ”
Senior captain Ross Macklin connected on Vassar 's third attempt and Alex Laird matched his effort to bring St. Lawrence within a tally at 2-1 after three rounds .
Junior captain Zander Mrlik struck Vassar 's third point for a 3-1 Vassar lead . With a chance to keep the Saints alive , Mark Provost 's attempt sailed right and Vassar celebrated its 3-1 win on penalty kicks .
St. Lawrence tested the Brewer defense with a 29-12 advantage in shots and a 13-5 edge in corners but Vassar held stout . Grimme made a career-high 15 saves in goal .
“ As a unit we defended really well and we had a play on one of their better players , ” said Jennings . “ Facing the stiff wind , they put a ton of pressure on us in the first period but we made some adjustments to hold them . ”
( courtesy Vassar Sports Information )
BOX SCORE : RIT 2 , Hobart 0
GENEVA , N.Y. - In a rematch of their regular-season finale just three days earlier , the RIT ( 11-6-2 ) men 's soccer team shut out No . 9 Hobart ( 16-3-0 ) 2-0 in the Liberty League semifinals on a sunny Tuesday afternoon at Cozzens Field . The Tigers scored two second-half goals to advance to the conference championship game .
Jimmy Forbes and Dan Holowaty each scored to help RIT advance to the conference championship in its first year in the Liberty League .
Ben Frazier started his first game of the year and got the win for RIT making four saves to earn the shutout , RIT 's 11th of the season .
After a scoreless first half , RIT got on the board first on Forbes ' third goal of the season . Off a corner kick , Danny Bloshkin sent an in-swinging ball into the Hobart box that senior Darryl Anderson headed just before the ball went out of bounds . The ball came out to Forbes who had pinched up from his defensive position , and he fired a shot that beat Hobart keeper Charlie Hale to the right side .
After withstanding a push by the Statesmen , Holowaty got behind the Hobart defense and fired a shot into the lower right corner giving RIT a 2-0 lead in the 77th minute . Holowaty got free when a Hobart defenseman misplayed a ball . Holowaty controlled the ball , gathered it to his right foot and fired a shot that found the back of the net . it was his team-leading seventh tally of the season .
Hobart made a big push inside the last 10 minutes of regulation , but the RIT defense held stout . Junior Ryan Giust saved a ball off the line , heading it out of play with 40 seconds to play .
With 20 seconds remaining , Hobart 's Tony Yeboah fired a shot from eight yards out that Frazier made the diving save on preserving the shutout win for the Tigers , their 11th of the season .
RIT was the more aggressive team in the second half , outshooting the Statesmen 9-6 . Overall , Hobart held a slight edge in shots 14-12 . Hobart took six corner kicks to two for the Tigers .
( courtesy RIT Sports Information )
A Portadown pharmacy has started selling cannabis oil - and is already struggling to keep up with demand .
Given the level of demand they asked not to be named and were keen to point out the product was being sold purely as a food supplement , with no medical claims being made on its use .
They began selling the product after a member of staff had read an article about it and they had looked at stocking it from a legal , professional and ethical standpoint .
The oil comes from Cannabis Sativa L. and can be legally sold as long as it contains less than 0.2 percent THC - the substance in cannabis which causes people to ‘ get high ' .
As such the oil CAN NOT make you high and is classed by the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Authority as a food supplement and can only be sold as such .
The pharmacy were also keen to make clear they were making no medical claims about the product and that those purchasing it is being asked about medications they are currently using , as there are some medications the oil can interact with .
They also pointed out that anyone using the oil should not use it as a replacement for any medications they have been prescribed .
A spokesman said , “ We are currently struggling to keep up with demand , especially as we are only selling it within legal and ethical bounds . ”
Right groups say Egypt not doing enough to stop the violence .
A woman touches an image of baby Jesus inside a church in Coptic Cairo that was built on top of a site where Mary , Joseph and Jesus are believed to have stayed when they fled from King Herod . ( Photo11 : Sarah Lynch , for USA TODAY ) Story Highlights Christians make up about 8 million of Egypt 's population of 80 million
Many Christians participated in massive protests against Morsi at the end of June
'Many people want to leave % u2013 Christians and Muslims , too '
CAIRO – Stained glass windows generated a luminous glow inside a Coptic Christian church one recent morning as prayers were chanted in steady hums and incense wafted through the nave , soothing worshipers .
But the serenity only masked the unease here . Since the July 3 coup that ousted former president Mohammed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood , Christians have faced a spike in violent attacks that Egyptian authorities have not prevented , rights groups allege .
`` I 'm very afraid , and I 'm afraid for my daughter , '' said Mona Roshdy , 55 , as she left the church with her family .
She had reason to be . On Wednesday , as the police in Cairo assaulted two protest camps of the Muslim Brotherhood 's , Morsi supporters directed their anger at Christians .
LATEST NEWS : More than 500 killed
Churches , houses , monasteries , orphanages , schools and businesses belonging to Copts were attacked in nine provinces `` causing panic , losses and destruction for no reason and no crimes they committed except being Christians , '' the Maspero Youth Union , a Coptic activist group , said Thursday .
As if sensing trouble , just two days before Wednesday 's violence , Egypt 's Coptic Orthodox Pope Tawadros II called on all Egyptians to prevent bloodshed .
`` With all compassion I urge everyone to conserve Egyptian blood and ask of every Egyptian to commit to self-restraint and avoid recklessness and assault on any person or property , '' Tawadros wrote on his official Twitter account Monday .
Youssef Sidhom , editor-in-chief of the Christian weekly Watani , said the recent attacks are painful and vicious but it is worse if they are allowed to divide the two faiths .
`` Christians should n't be moved by this , should n't be dragged to fulfill the target that lies behind this , which is segregating the national solidarity between Christians and Muslims in the very difficult time Egypt is passing through , '' Sidhom said .
Christians make up about 8 million of Egypt 's population of 80 million and have been victims of Muslim attacks for years . Some Christians were worried when Islamists took over Egypt 's government in 2012 and relieved when the military ousted them from power last month .
But the ancient Coptic communities here that predate Islam by centuries say they now see a new wave of violence against them since the ouster .
In Upper Egypt – a swath of arid land from south of Cairo to Sudan that is home to many hard-line Islamist Egyptians – four Christians were killed when a mob of several hundred people in the Luxor governorate attacked with knives , tree limbs and hammers two days days after the overthrow of Morsi , Amnesty International said .
They also vandalized Christian homes and set properties on fire , Amnesty said .
People walk through an alleyway inside Coptic Cairo on Aug. 11 , 2013 . ( Photo11 : Sarah Lynch , for USA TODAY )
In a village in Upper Egypt 's province of Minya , an argument erupted between Muslim and Christians over a pro-military song playing in a coffee shop last week . The next day thousands of people ransacked Christian homes and stores , the Associated Press reported .
And in the north Sinai Peninsula , a hotbed for growing militant activity , an orthodox priest was murdered last month . There were attacks in Port Said and Marsa Matrouh as well .
`` The Christian people are worried about the situation , '' said Adly Rizk , 53 , on a Sunday outing with his family in the capital .
On Wednesday , Interior Minister Mohammed Ibrahim said Morsi supporters damaged or torched seven churches nationwide . They also stormed 21 police stations , he said .
An Egyptian man walks in front of a pharmacy marked with anti-Coptic and anti-coup graffiti in Assiut , Upper Egypt . ( Photo11 : Manu Brabo , AP )
Standing outside the towering Cairo church , not far from one of the pro-Morsi protest camps , Roshdy pointed to a batch of graffiti written on the building 's protective walls : `` Egypt is Islamic , '' said the markings written in red Arabic letters .
Morsi 's supporters spray-painted the phrase on other Christian properties , too , as they marched last week across the city , Roshdy said .
Roshdy says she does n't leave the house in the evenings after seven . She does n't wear jewelry except for a basic gold ring because she is worried about theft , and she wo n't let her daughter , 21 , go out alone .
`` It 's horrible , '' Roshdy said .
Many Christians participated in massive protests against Morsi at the end of June , and Tawadros sat with a row of officials behind Gen. Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi when the army chief gave his speech that overthrew Morsi .
In a 15-minute audio recording posted online earlier this month , al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahri accused Coptic Christians , the military and secular-minded elites of conspiring against Morsi because he is an Islamist .
In Egypt , human rights groups accused Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamists of inciting violence .
`` Copts are paying the price of the inflammatory rhetoric against them coming from some Islamist leaders and supporters of the former president , who accuse Coptic spiritual leaders of conspiring to foment army intervention to remove Dr. Morsi , '' said Ishak Ibrahim , officer for freedom of religion and belief at the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , in a report .
Ibrahim said incendiary speeches indicate Islamist leaders think Copts were heavily involved in anti-Morsi protests .
`` I 'm not scared , but I 'm very sad about the situation in the country – the relationship between Muslims and Christians , '' said Margaret Naby as she walked into church on Sunday . `` There is so much fanaticism . ''
Egypt is home to wider sectarian unease that authorities do n't control . In June , four Shiite Muslims were beaten to death by a mob of Sunni Muslims , apparently for their beliefs , in a village near the capital , in Giza .
`` The Egyptian government should make ending sectarian violence a priority , or risk letting this deadly problem spiral out of control , '' Nadim Houry , acting Middle East director of Human Rights Watch , said in a recent report about attacks on Christians .
`` Prosecutors should thoroughly investigate and prosecute those responsible , including security forces , if they want to show they are capable of preventing future bloodshed , '' he said .
Last week , 16 human rights groups condemned rhetoric used by the Muslim Brotherhood and its allies that the organizations said incited violence and religious hatred for political gain . They also denounced state agencies for failing to protect Christians , confront sectarian attacks and enforce the law by holding responsible parties or individuals accountable .
`` This negligence reveals that the pattern of impunity which spread during the Mubarak era and remained in place throughout the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood continues to this day , even after both of these regimes were overthrown , '' a statement by the groups said .
Coptic activist Mina Thabet said that if the state maintains a passive attitude and does not try to end violence or protect citizens , people will take to the streets again to demonstrate against the government – underscoring widespread impatience with the state that fueled ongoing instability since the uprising against Mubarak .
`` Where 's the change ? '' Thabet asked , suggesting he expected rapid improvements . `` Until now , I did not see any development in the country . ''
But some Christians had put concerns about attacks aside , instead simply glad that Morsi was ousted and the Brotherhood is no longer in power .
`` Under the Brotherhood 's rule , things were difficult for Christians , '' said Mina Makroush , 25 . `` I 'm not afraid now because the Brotherhood government was removed . ''
Others say they want to leave the country .
In Coptic Cairo , which was a Christian stronghold until the 7th-century rise of Islam , Zarour Ayzut Dawoud propped her son on her hip as she visited the place where Mary , Joseph and baby Jesus are believed to have stayed when they escaped King Herod 's execution of young male children in the vicinity of Bethlehem .
`` I want to go to America , '' said Dawoud . `` The situation in Egypt is no good . ''
Peter Fakhry , 22 , said the feeling is shared by non-Christian Egyptians .
Zarour Ayzut Dawoud , an Egyptian Christian , says she wants to come to the U.S. ( Photo11 : Sarah Lynch , for USA TODAY )
`` Many people want to leave – Christians and Muslims , too , because of the situation and lack of work , '' he said .
`` Do you see this ? There are no tourists , '' he said about the Coptic site that is no longer as much a residential space as it is a place for visitors , who come to see relics of an almost forgotten past in which Egypt was dominated by Christians .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/14BAYGg
× Expand Plus the logo looks like a ball of yarn .
MESH CONFERENCE Wednesday–Thursday ( May 25-26 ) . Sold out . See meshconference.com for details .
Six years after the Mesh Conference began , Toronto has grown into a boomtown for start-ups and international web businesses .
In many ways , Mesh , a yearly Canadian web conference , helped make the city into the thriving app capital ( cAPPital ? ) it is today .
But another view , one that I 'll elaborate here , takes the opposite perspective .
As the city explodes with innovative new companies , Mesh seems to be on a different trajectory . It may see more attendees , having switched to larger venues this year , but the conference does n't match the growth or energy of our vibrant tech scene .
So as an exercise in constructive criticism , here are a few suggestions to help Mesh live up to its name as Canada 's web conference .
Duly ( key ) noted
Of the four keynote speakers , two are local and two are based in New York . For anyone paying attention , and Mesh attendees most likely are , the local presenters are very familiar faces .
Ron Deibert , a security expert at the Munk Centre 's Citizen Lab , is talking about something called cyberspace and the government 's role in it . He 's been at it for a good while now .
Mark Surman , who 's done an amazing job as chair of the Mozilla Foundation for the past three years , similarly has 20-some years experience in technology .
Elsewhere down the list , I see David Eaves , an open data advocate based in Vancouver , and Michael Geist , a copyright reform hero from Ottawa . Both are both vital to Canada 's technology scene . Together they 've presented at Mesh five or more times .
I certainly respect the contributions of each of these men , and place great value in what they have to say .
But I also would n't mind hearing from some new , more youthful faces . I 'm sure yearly attendees would agree .
Mix-and-Mesh
Toronto 's web scene is diverse , the world 's tech scene even more so . More than half of Silicon Valley start-ups were founded or co-founded by people born outside the United States . But I do n't really see them represented at Mesh . That 's because there are too many executives , professionals and managers and not enough grassroots .
Subjective on subjects
Glancing down the topics covered by the conference , to be blunt , makes me a bit snoozy . What can be said about Groupon that has n't already been said ? Likewise for digital activism in Egypt or leveraging LinkedIn .
I 'm searching for a topic to get more exercised about , a panel where different opinions can collide . For example , at SXSWi , one of my favourite panels was on HTML5 versus Flash . In the past year , that 's been one of the web 's never-ending , unanswerable questions . Where are those debates at Mesh ?
Outside of a few that caught my eye , the presentations feel a bit too safe .
Me $ h money
I wo n't harp on this too much , but $ 639 plus HST is steep , especially with few marquee names on the bill .
Picking on panels
`` Mesh is n't your typical pitch-us-a-speaker type of event ( sorry , PR folks ) , '' say the organizers . But maybe it should be . All my gripes with the presentations , and perhaps the conference as a whole , come down to curation . A more dynamic process of picking panelists , speakers and keynotes might give us more dynamic presentations , instead of tired subjects and the same names year after year .
A public-facing panel-pitching and voting tool - a process not without its faults , too - might be the way to go .
Another route could be to partner with a more on-the-scene organization . An upstart company like , say , Sprouter , might have a fresher take on who 's doing something new and exciting .
Fundamentally , Mesh needs more entrepreneurs presenting , risk-takers who gamble on new technology and have strong viewpoints on how to make it .
Mesh has been a success thus far , but it has n't exactly been inspiring . Here 's hoping for more of both in the future .
joshuae @ nowtoronto.com
twitter.com/joshuaerrett
The official website for Kodansha 's Morning magazine and manga imprint announced on Thursday that not only is Hikaru Nakamura 's Saint Young Men comedy manga getting an anime film , but also a separate , original anime DVD . The special edition of the eighth manga volume will bundle the DVD when it ships on December 3 .
The website also announced the film 's staff :
Director : Noriko Takao ( episode director on Clannad , K-ON ! , Lucky Star )
Screenplay : Rika Nezu ( live-action Kimi ni Todoke , live-action Absolute Boyfriend )
Character Designer : Naoyuki Asano ( chief animation director on Doraemon films )
Animation Production : A-1 Pictures
Music : Keiichi Suzuki ( Tokyo Godfathers , No . 6 , live-action Uzumaki , Outrage Beyond ) , Ryomei Shirai ( 20th Century Boys )
) , Ryomei Shirai ( 20th Century Boys ) Production : Aniplex , Kodansha , Toho
Distribution : Toho Films
The website reports , tongue-in-cheek , that production on the film is going well for release sometime `` this century . ''
Image © Hikaru Nakamura , Kodansha/SYM Production Committee
While the Denver Broncos have the salary cap space to trade for Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo , the opportunity cost may be too high since there is little room to absorb Romo 's contract without losing key players . General manger John Elway has structured the club 's player payroll around low overall quarterback compensation . This season it is only $ 3.5 million combined for Trevor Siemian , Paxton Lynch and Austin Davis .
According to Spotrac.com , the Broncos have $ 36.9 million in 2017 salary cap space , assuming that the Broncos pick up the four-year option for Russell Okung which comes with a $ 11.7 million salary cap hit next year . I estimate the Broncos ' 2017 salary cap at $ 166 million .
If the Broncos take on Romo 's scheduled $ 14 million salary [ called P5 as described in Paragraph ( 5 ) of the 2011 NFL-NFLPA collective bargaining agreement ] , there will be not enough salary cap space to also re-sign 2017 free agent including safety Darian Stewart , defensive end Vance Walker , nose tackle Sylvester Williams , and make sufficient improvements to its offensive line . The Broncos are in critical need of adding at least an offensive tackle and guard , given that right tackle Donald Stephenson is slumping and guard Max Garcia has not shown the consistency to retain his starting slot .
What is the cost of a quality right tackle and guard in free agency next offseason ? Two good available right tackles are Ryan Schraeder of he Atlanta Falcons , playing under a one-year contract for $ 2.55 million , and Andre Smith of the Minnesota Vikings , playing for $ 3.46 million . Prime 2017 free agent guards include Luke Joeckel of the Jacksonville Jaguars ( $ 5.3 million ) , Ron Leary of the Dallas Cowboys ( $ 2.55 million ) and Kevin Zeitler of the Cincinnati Bengals ( $ 1.88 million ) . For a benchmark comparison , in 2015 , right guard Bryan Bulaga signed a five-year , $ 33.75 million contract with the Green Bay Packers .
I believe that the going 2017 free agency rate for a solid starting right tackle will be about $ 8 million per year , with a guard at $ 4 million annually . Signing the Broncos 2017 draft picks will cost at least $ 8 million in salary cap space . If Denver re-signed Stewart , Walker , and Williams , they would likely absorb at least $ 9 million in salary cap space next year with deferred salaries incurred in later years . If Stephenson is released during the offseason , the Broncos will have an additional dead cap of $ 2 million in 2017 .
Related 3 reasons why the Broncos should trade for Tony Romo in 2017
By choosing all of these payroll changes , the Broncos will only have enough cap space left over to pay Romo at the top quarterback backup rate of $ 8 million . There is not enough cap room to guarantee him his typical annual compensation of at least $ 20 million .
The Cowboys do have financial incentives to trade Romo . Instead of paying Romo his $ 14 million salary , Cowboys ' owner Jerry Jones would charge $ 5.1 million ( the difference between the accelerated write off of Romo 's 2015 signing bonus $ 19.1 million minus his $ 14 million salary ) . Jones also foregoes paying Romo 's 2018 and 2019 P5 salaries of $ 19.5 million and $ 20.5 million , respectively . All of Romo 's salaries are non-guaranteed .
Romo 's NFL career statistics are quite impressive having thrown 34,154 yards with a 65.3 completion rate and 247 touchdowns . However at 36 years old , Romo has had three serious back injuries : a herniated lumbar disc in 2013 , a fractured transverse process in 2014 , and a fractured L1 vertebra during the third preseason game in 2016 . He had a lumbar microdiscectomy to relieve sciatica ( leg pain and weakness symptoms ) . And he is likely experiencing permanent deterioration of his back , per Ronald Fudala of Spineline.net .
If the Broncos trade for Romo , compensatory draft picks will be costly . Using the Sam Bradford trade from the Philadelphia Eagles to the Vikings as a comparison , the Romo trade may cost the Broncos a first-round and either a third or fourth round pick .
At the right price a Broncos trade for Romo is intriguing if coach Gary Kubiak again holds an open quarterback competition during preseason . An example is Romo receiving P5 salary of $ 8 million ( $ 4 million guaranteed ) with deferred escalators conditional on staying healthy as starter capped at total compensation of $ 14 million .
Last week , Romo asked for the chance to win his starting job back in Cowboys practice , says NFL.com 's Conor Orr . But coach Jason Garrett has stuck with red-hot rookie quarterback Dak Prescott . Garrett was rewarded with a Cowboys win over the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday , 27-17 . It remains to be seen if Romo is willing to compete for a starting position during next preseason with another team .
Related Tony Romo would make sense for Broncos in 2017
Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow had an explosively caustic argument with former Newt Gingrich spokesman ( and current Gingrich Super PAC adviser ) Rick Tyler about the candidate 's approach to race on Tuesday night , in which Tyler himself used some very dicey rhetoric about African Americans .
Both MSNBC hosts had previously excoriated Gingrich for calling President Obama the `` Entertainer In Chief '' and telling him to `` stop singing '' during his speech just after his loss in the Florida primary , saying that he was attempting to tap into racial animosity from white conservatives . Maddow took that concern directly to Tyler , who batted it away .
`` MSNBC ought to get off this race baiting kick , '' he said , adding that the Republican Party has a `` proud history '' of fighting for civil rights going back to the Civil War .
`` What about tonight ? '' Maddow asked . She pointed to Gingrich calling Obama `` the food stamp president '' and saying he wanted to get `` black people '' off of food stamps , telling Tyler , `` there is a pattern here of , I think , obviously racially coded language that has nothing to do with the parties and the Civil War . ''
`` I do n't get it ! '' Tyler said . `` ... The Democrats have failed in the public schools with African Americans . They abort their babies , they 've done nothing to lift them out of poverty . '' He said Gingrich was just trying to show black voters that he was n't going to `` give them a handout , tell them to live in public housing , shut up , collect a check and vote for a Democrat . '' He also said that he thought Sharpton would agree with him about many of these points .
Sharpton jumped in to make it clear just how little he really agreed . `` Newt Gingrich is the one who brought race up ! '' he said . `` ... He 's brought race in the campaign by name . You can not then turn around and act like Rachel or I are bringing up race . ''
Tyler stuck to his guns , saying that that black voters had been plagued by `` poor schools , poor neighborhoods , crime-ridden neighborhoods , a destruction of the family , and the Democrats want to abort their babies . '' For an attempt to endear Sharpton to his argument , these kinds of statements worked very , very poorly .
Sharpton used Tyler 's comments to press his point . `` Why would we vote for people that call our parents criminals ? '' he said . `` We 're not sadists or masochists ! ''
Tyler stuck to his point . `` I think Newt Gingrich has tried to say there is another party , '' he said . `` That there are better schools . There 's a way to prosperity . That 's why Newt has brought race into it , to appeal to African Americans that they might actually vote for a different way . ''
`` What is his policy ? '' Sharpton thundered . `` Reprimanding them , saying they do n't have role models in their community is a policy ? '' Later , after Tyler said that GIngrich was not trying to appeal to people 's `` lower angels , '' Sharpton contradicted him , saying the candidate was trying to appeal to `` devils . ''
Bitcoin is now an integral part of the daily life of many Venezuelans
they buy food , plane tickets , or even pay employees , Bitcoin is now a common payment method for Venezuelans . Frankly , many people in the country rely on cryptocurrencies to survive .
Survival of fittest
The hyperinflation of Venezuela has made the national currency , the Bolivar , almost worthless . Thousands of ordinary people have started to turn to the world of cryptocurrency to save the little value that remains in their savings .
A Venezuelan , John Villar , knows the struggle to have a worthless national currency . with Bitcoin for all its transactions . He said that his situation , choosing digital currency is not a matter of politics but of survival . Bitcoin transactions are relatively fast for anyone with a smartphone : Websites like LocalBitcoin and Colibit work as exchanges where Venezuelans can buy and sell bitcoins using a local bank account .
Government Relocation
Crypto-currencies became fashionable as even President Nicolas Maduro proposed a government-backed version called Petro . Members of his administration met with Venezuelan entrepreneurs Bitcoin to determine how such a currency could work . Although few details have been published , many in the world of Bitcoin have responded skeptically to the idea . It seems unlikely that Venezuelans trust a digital currency issued by a government in which they have little confidence .
In Venezuela , the so-called `` crisis currency '' allows desperate Venezuelans to make potentially vital purchases .
Villar had been unable to find many of the medications needed to treat his wife 's multiple sclerosis in Venezuela in the last two years , a fairly common situation in a country whose public health system was paralyzed by shortages . Instead , he bought them abroad with Bitcoin and used courier services to deliver them to Venezuela .
The authorities have largely authorized the Bitcoin trade in Venezuela . For Villar , the stakes are particularly high , not just for his company . An engineer who once ran a biometrics business , he throws his financial future on the development of a game involving an alternative cryptocurrency called PepeCash
A dozen employees operate from 39 , a small office filled with computers in an industrial community is . from the capital . All receive part of their salary in Bitcoin . His wife , also an engineer , is now largely attached to a wheelchair .
`` At this moment , I do not have a single bolivar . ''
Ambassadors of other digital currency projects , such as Dash , have tried to familiarize Venezuelans with a range of crypto-currencies . Earlier this fall , Dash sponsored 12 free lectures in the country to raise awareness .
The tiny present wrapped inside a slightly larger box , put into a yet-bigger box , and so on , may be a good joke for a birthday or Christmas  but the packaging of many household goods is almost as bad .
One-third of American garbage is packaging materials , according to the Environmental Protection Agency in Washington .
And there 's not necessarily a good reason for it . Many companies are simply following convention and have n't looked into better ways to package their products , says Terry Grist of the EPA .
Overcrowded landfills are not the only problem associated with excessive packaging . Simply manufacturing the packaging uses energy and creates pollutants , says Mr . Grist .
Not only is minimal packaging better for the environment , it also costs less to produce . `` Companies can save a lot of money when they reduce packaging , '' Grist says .
But to keep excessive packaging from clogging landfills , consumers also need to be alert when they buy products . Here are a few ways to reduce packaging waste :
 Avoid snacks and other foods wrapped in individual serving sizes . Instead , buy bigger bags of the snacks and put smaller servings in paper bags .
 Instead of putting a juice box in your child 's lunch bag , buy juice concentrate , mix it in a reusable container , and send a thermos with the lunch .
 Make your own `` lunchables . '' Rather than purchasing the prepackaged version , buy a block of cheese , some sandwich meat , and crackers .
 Buy personal hygiene and home-cleaning products in bulk when possible .
 Buy cereal in bags instead of boxes , which usually contain bags inside .
 Buy loose fruits and vegetables instead of those packaged in Styrofoam trays and shrink-wrap . Fix your own fresh-fruit cups instead of buying cut-up fruit in plastic containers .
 Avoid buying products packaged in blister packs ( molded plastic attached to cardboard . ) Although sometimes blister packs serve a hygienic purpose ( making sure cosmetics or medicines are n't tampered with , for instance ) , they are often unnecessary .
 When you buy clothing in a department store or boutique , ask that the clerk not wrap the garments in tissue paper .
 Ask for loose stamps at the post office instead of prepackaged books .
 Buy concentrates when possible . Many juices , soups , and cleaning agents are available in concentrate .
 Use fewer individual serving-size bottles of water and juices .
 Buy milk and juice in glass or plastic containers , which can be recycled . Some of the waxed cardboard containers with plastic spouts can not be recycled .
A plan to change the way parking is patrolled in Calgary 's residential neighbourhoods has some residents in an uproar , worried about their privacy .
The 34,000 people living in these various areas across the city get issued a permanent parking pass , meaning they can park on their street without the threat of being ticketed . They also have access to visitor passes .
READ MORE : Calgary 's permit parking program may go hi-tech with ParkPlus
Under a new proposed system , though , visitors would have to register their license plates online with the Calgary Parking Authority ( CPA ) — something they never had to do before .
“ We risk the new system becoming big brother , ” said Kensington resident Lee Tasker .
Tasker has initiated a letter-writing campaign addressed to the mayor and city councillors , asking officials to put their decision on hold until the possible consequences can be investigated .
“ Calgary Parking Authority will be able to identify and collect data on patterns of behavior , ” Tasker said .
“ Like who comes to my house , when they come to my house and how long they stay . Our biggest fear is they have n't done a thorough enough analysis on our private information . ”
If approved , the plan will see the manual parking enforcement and paper ticketing for infractions being done by camera-equipped cars .
READ MORE : Calgary Parking Authority to continue rate freeze into 2017
The Privacy and Access Council of Canada called the idea misguided . President Sharon Polsky submitted her own letter of concern to Calgary city council .
“ We 're going to now have you and me in an address of a restricted zone and our movements are monitored and tracked , ” Polsky said . “ Every time that car takes a picture — your behavior , your movement and those of visitors will be subject to being tracked . ”
City officials insist CPA adheres to strict guidelines , and does n't sell any personal information to a third party . Chair of the city transportation committee , Shane Keating also said if the person parking does n't violate any parking restrictions the logged information is erased after 48 hours .
READ MORE : Little-known Calgary parking bylaw surprises cul-de-sac homeowners
“ If they found out no infraction it 's automatically deleted , ” Keating said . “ So there 's no retention of records if there 's been no infraction . ”
Council will be voting on the full implementation of this change on May 8 .
China Labor Watch says that an undercover investigation at a Pegatron factory manufacturing iPhones and iPads found that 58 % of workers there were working in excess of 60 hours a week – the limit laid down by Apple for its suppliers . It also said that overtime , which is supposed to be voluntary , is effectively mandatory , reports CNET .
The report claimed that the standard shift was nine hours , but that – between September and December last year – staff worked an additional minimum of 20 hours of overtime each week , usually split up between an extra two hours each week day and one 10-hour shift on Saturdays . [ … ] This overtime was essentially a requirement , according to the investigator , who claimed to be told by a trainer that working eight-hour shifts five days a week “ does not conform to our hiring requirements . ”
The report says that many workers in any case said that significant overtime was necessary to meet their living expenses , with wages at the local minimum wage of around $ 1.85 per hour .
The report also alleges that Pegatron falsifies documents shown to Apple to give the appearance of complying with supplier audit requirements while failing to do so in reality .
Despite providing only about eight hours of pre-job safety training—where Chinese law requires 24 hours—Pegatron forces each new worker to sign a form that “ certifies ” that she has undergone 20 hours of safety training . A worker also must sign a trainer 's name on the form . The factory has workers quickly copy answers to the safety information quiz . These falsified forms are the types of documentation that are provided to Apple in their audits .
The report notes some improvements since 2013 , with partial improvements in sick leave and the ending of claimed discriminatory hiring practices . CNET says that neither Apple nor Pegatron responded to requests for comments on the report .
It 's not the first time that China Labor Watch has criticized working conditions in factories run by Apple 's suppliers . A report last year on another Apple supplier detailed claims of 22 violations ranging from hiring practices to safety concerns .
A BBC documentary based on an undercover investigation at another Pegatron factory prompted Tim Cook to say he was “ deeply offended ” by the claims and the show 's failure to include facts and perspectives provided by Apple .
Apple publishes an annual Supplier Responsibility Progress Report in which it details the issues it faces in its supply chain and the steps taken to address these .
Photo : AP Photo/Kin Cheung
While the critical consensus can be a helpful indicator of the overall quality of a given film , there certainly are times when professional reviewers fail to appreciate the merits of a worthy film . We asked frequent Metacritic contributor Nick Hyman to dig through Metacritic 's vast film database and select 15 poorly-reviewed movies ( with Metascores of 39 or below ) that are better than their scores would indicate . His picks are listed below , in alphabetical order .
Poor critical reviews are often justified , but sometimes a film is too unique , left-of-center , or just ahead of its time to convince critics of its merits . At other times , a terrible film succeeds despite itself . Here are a few of these low-rated flicks that have overcome bad press and sometimes worse scripts or direction .
15 ( + 1 ) Low-Scoring Movies Worth Seeking Out
Movie Netflix Year Metascore Users
Ace Ventura : Pet Detective 1994 37 8.2
Jim Carrey became a superstar for his all-in , rubber-faced , butt-cheek-talking performance of the titular character , who helps the animal woes of the likes of Courtney Cox , Sean Young , and Dan Marino . Why it 's good : Carrey 's hilariously manic energy as Ventura matched that of his In Living Color characters Fire Marshall Bill and Vera de Milo . Alllllllrighty then !
U.S . Gross : $ 72M
But I 'm A Cheerleader 2000 39 9.6
Natasha Lyonne stars in this light and frothy comedy about a teenager who is sent to rehab for being a lesbian . Why it 's good : Critics who balked at the queer and campy film completely missed the deadpan charm exhibited by not only Lyonne but also co-stars Michelle Williams , Cathy Moriarty , Bud Cort , Mink Stole , RuPaul , Melanie Lynskey , and Clea DuVall .
U.S . Gross : $ 2M
Cabin Boy 1994 21 6.9
From David Letterman 's cameo to Chris Elliott 's daffy lead performance as the fancy Nathaniel Mayweather , the aquatic fantasy comedy is a uniquely hilarious adventure . Why it 's good : Director and co-writer Adam Resnick worked with Elliott on Late Night with David Letterman and short-lived series Get A Life and their singular brand of comedy carries over to the big screen . Appearances by Andy Richter ( as Kenny ) , Alfred Molina , and Russ Tam add to the fun . “ You wan na buy a monkey ? ”
U.S . Gross : $ 4M
Clue 1985 36 8.5
This murder mystery ensemble comedy starring Tim Curry , Madeline Kahn , Martin Mull , Christopher Lloyd , and other '80s comedy staples was based on the popular board game . Why it 's good : In a clever conceit , the film had three different endings depending on what theater you saw it in ( all endings are available on DVD ) . Pitch-perfect camp , including groan-inducing one-liners and sight gags , make this film an ideal midnight movie . There 's also talk of a remake .
U.S . Gross : $ 15M
Final Destination 2000 36 7.2
Final Destination 2 2003 38 6.6
Attractive youngsters who unwittingly escaped a gory end are eventually hunted down by Death in entertainingly complex ways . Former X-Files writers/producers James Wong and Glen Morgan kicked off a franchise that had no discernable villain but fate itself . Why it 's good : The elaborate suspense/action set pieces from the first two films are more impressive than most , in particular the intricately crafted highway scene that opens the second film .
U.S . Gross :
( 1st/2nd ) $ 53M
$ 47M
Flashdance 1983 35 3.0
Pittsburgh welder Alex ( Jennifer Beals ) pursues her dream to be a dancer while dealing with her dramatic friends and suitor Nick ( Michael Nouri ) in this Adrian Lyne-directed and Simpson/Bruckheimer-produced drama about a “ small-town girl on a Saturday night , locking rhythm to the beat of her heart. ” Why it 's good : While critics rejected the MTV-esque mixture of slick , sexy images set to slick , sexy music , audiences loved it .
U.S . Gross : $ 93M
Freddy Got Fingered 2001 13 6.4
Tom Green 's late '90s MTV success led to a big screen comedy to rule them all . He stars as skateboarder Gord , who is creates his own cartoon show , finds love with a cripple , and torments his father ( masterfully played by Rip Torn ) . Why it 's good : This deeply polarizing film gets major points for railing against the norms of studio comedies , becoming something that 's part gross-out , part insanity , and dare I say part brilliant .
U.S . Gross : $ 14M
Happy Gilmore 1996 31 9.0
Sandler 's juvenile Happy must trade his love of hockey for golf in order to win a championship to help pay his grandmother 's back taxes . Why it 's good : The film 's supporting cast is its strong suit ; Carl Weathers as Happy 's tutor Chubbs and Christopher McDonald as dastardly villain Shooter McGavin are standouts , but Ben Stiller 's evil retirement home manager and Bob Barker playing himself nearly steal the show in what may be Sandler 's best comedy .
U.S . Gross : $ 39M
Hudson Hawk 1991 20 7.2
Heathers director Michael Lehmann and screenwriter Daniel Waters teamed up once again with this ambitious comedy about a cat burglar forced to steal priceless works by Leonardo Da Vinci . Why it 's good : The over-the–top , cartoonish vibe rubbed many the wrong way , but the film succeeds largely on its own infectious energy and on star Bruce Willis ' charm . Supporting turns by Danny Aiello and especially Richard E. Grant and Sandra Bernhard as tongue-lashing villains help turn a star 's pet project into an entertaining ride .
U.S . Gross : $ 17M
The Outsiders 1983 38 7.3
Francis Ford Coppola adapted the S.E . Hinton novel in this teen drama about the conflict between two groups of '60s Tulsa youth , the well-to-do socs and the wrong-side-of-the tracks greasers . Why it 's good : The melodramatic art film 's future-star-laden cast includes C. Thomas Howell , Matt Dillon , Ralph Macchio , Diane Lane , Patrick Swayze , Rob Lowe , Emilio Estevez , and Tom Cruise . Enough said ? Stay gold , Ponyboy .
U.S . Gross : $ 26M
Predator 1987 36 8.5
Take one part Arnold Schwarzenegger , one part Alien , and a dash of The Most Dangerous Game , and you have Predator , a clever and suspenseful tale of a human trophy-hunting alien invader . Why it 's good : Critics had had enough of the omnipresent Arnold in the late '80s , but he 's in classic alpha male form here , along with fellow future governor Jesse Ventura and the amazing Carl Weathers .
U.S . Gross : $ 60M
Scrooged 1988 38 9.5
Bill Murray 's selfish television exec Frank Cross gets a wake-up call when he 's visited by three ghosts in director Richard Donner 's '80s take on the Dickens classic A Christmas Carol . Why it 's good : The sly Hollywood behind-the-scenes setting was ahead of its time , and supporting performances by Karen Allen , Carol Kane , Bobcat Goldthwait , Alfre Woodard , and David Johansen are both hilarious and heartfelt . Critics should have put a little love in their hearts .
U.S . Gross : $ 60M
Speed Racer 2008 37 7.8
The Wachowski brothers followed up their much-maligned Matrix sequels with the even more maligned adaptation of Japanese anime series Speed Racer . Why it 's good : The hyper-cartoonish style of the film -- balked at by some -- was deliberate . While the film is a tad too long , its masterful opening backstory sequence , a standout performance by star Emile Hirsch , and great turns by John Goodman , Susan Sarandon , Matthew Fox , and Christina Ricci make Speed Racer a cult film in the making .
U.S . Gross : $ 44M
Summer School 1987 27 8.8
Carl Reiner directed this absurd '80s comedy about a coach forced to teach a rag-tag bunch of kids in summer school . Mark Harmon starred as the affable Mr. Shoop and his fellow teacher Ms. Bishop was played by a shoulder-padded Kirstie Alley . Why it 's good : The now-beloved , superbly executed music montages , plus horror film and Fangoria magazine worshippers Chainsaw and Dave ( Dean Cameron , Gary Riley ) have earned the film many fans over the years .
U.S . Gross : $ 36M
Twin Peaks : Fire Walk With Me 1992 28 8.3
After the all-too-soon cancellation of his TV series Twin Peaks , David Lynch created an R-rated big screen prequel that showed the last seven days of series icon Laura Palmer , turning down the quirk and amping up the horror . Why it 's good : This descent into high-school hell is a tragically phantasmagoric epic that contains an extreme performance by Sheryl Lee as the doomed homecoming queen .
On the evening of 31 December , Mariam `` Mariouma '' Fekry , a Coptic Egyptian young woman living in Alexandria , logged into her Facebook account to express her hopes for the new year and pray to God to protect her . She wrote :
`` 2010 is over ..... this year has the best memories of my life .... really enjoyed living this year ...... I hope 2011 is much better ....... i have so many wishes in 2011 .... hope they come true ..... plz god stay beside me & help make it all true . : ) ''
Just hours after writing this message , Mariam was killed , along with her mother , her aunt and her younger sister , Martina . They were attending a midnight mass held at the Two Saints ' Coptic church in Alexandria in celebration of the new year when a huge bomb exploded outside the church door , leaving many innocent people dead and injured .
The explosion rocked the very foundation of Egyptian society , creating yet another scar in the festering wounds of Muslim-Coptic relations .
The facts of the attack are still unknown and may actually never become known . Since the incident happened , the Egyptian government has remained tight-lipped about the details as it was quick to point fingers at al-Qaida as the possible culprit .
It does n't really matter whether the blast was the result of a car bomb or a suicide bomber blowing themselves up . What is certain is that the Coptic question has been on the political table for decades , without the government lifting a finger to ease the tensions , content only to accuse external forces – be they al-Qaida , expatriate Copts or Israel – for fanning the flames of Coptic discontent .
The past two or three decades have witnessed a marked escalation in Muslim-Coptic tensions , with violence erupting at increasingly shorter intervals . This was not the case in earlier decades .
As a child growing up in a traditional Muslim family in the 60s , I remember quite clearly after suffering a bout of illness that conventional medicine seemed unable to cure , my mother took me to an Orthodox church in the popular district of Moharrem Bek to light a candle in honour of the Virgin Mary . As we stood together in the beautifully decorated and darkly lit church , my mother , an ordinary , middle-class woman , whispered some heartfelt prayers . She did n't feel that she was on alien territory , nor that she was in any way betraying her faith in appealing to the Christian God to heal her daughter . This simple and spontaneous act of reverence seems sadly unthinkable in today 's Egypt .
The religious split has clearly deepened and grown more bitter since then . The Muslim-Coptic divide is now visually present on our streets and in our public spaces , not only in women 's attire but also in the large number of men wearing their beards long in an ostentatious display of their religious creed .
The rise of extremist religious views may be traced back to the 70s , when President Anwar El Sadat actively encouraged and sponsored the Islamist movement , hoping that it might devour the left , which he regarded as his most potent enemy . Although the small snake that Sadat reared in our backyard succeeded beyond his wildest dreams in virtually wiping out the left from the Egyptian political scene , it grew into a deadly cobra that eventually turned on its creator and bit off the hand that had fed it .
The Mubarak regime has inherited the cobra but has done little to seriously confront it , let alone to kill it . Instead , it often compromised , conceded and even connived , frequently using the Islamist threat to legitimise the extension of the state of emergency that has been in place for the past 30 years . The regime went out of its way to prove to its citizens that it was more Islamic than the Islamists themselves and silently watched the growing vehemence of religious intolerance .
Fanatical discourse inciting religious hatred is theoretically against the law of the land . However , hate speech has been tolerated and allowed to circulate freely . Some preachers have been making malicious statements against non-Muslims on various satellite channels , urging Muslims not to have any dealings with them . The messages of hate have been pouring as freely from their mouths as water leaking from a rain-drenched ceiling .
More seriously , an eminent Islamic thinker has lately accused Coptic churches of amassing weapons . The allegation was never verified but it has provoked negative reactions against the Coptic population . In situations such as these , the regime , unwilling to be accused of acting against Islam , quietly turns a blind eye pretending to see and hear nothing .
None of these instigators were ever prosecuted or even questioned . It is astonishing that the regime should allow hate speech to proliferate unchecked in this manner , when it is always quick to condemn and prosecute opposition leaders , journalists and writers who dare express their legitimate concerns about the government 's policies .
The symbolic significance of choosing Alexandria as the site of the attack can not be missed . Not only is the city the papal seat of the Coptic Orthodox church , but it also has a long and richly diverse history . It has been washed by the waves of various civilisations , cultures and languages : Greek , Roman , Coptic , Arab , Ottoman Turk , French , British and many others . It has been a seat of learning and a beacon of light in ancient times . In the modern age , its name has been synonymous with tolerance and multicultural living . The attack seems to be directed as much against the Coptic population as against Alexandria 's long legacy of coexistence and tolerance .
Only last week Martina Fekry was demonstrating along with her fellow students against the decision of the education minister to change the name and character of her school , El Nasr Girls ' College ( EGC , formerly the English Girls ' College ) . The students regarded the minister 's appropriation of the 75-year-old establishment as an attack on the cultural legacy of the school , which was built on liberal and staunchly secular principles fostering the spirit of multicultural values and peaceful coexistence . Its student body , especially in the 40s , 50s and 60s , was made up of a heterogeneous mixture of cultures , denominations and races .
One day before the massacre , Martina and her other EGC friends celebrated the victory of their school and its right to keep its identity after a court ruling overturned the minister 's decision . But unfortunately her moment of joy was as brief as her young life .
Mariam 's Facebook message is poignant in its simple confidence in the future . But for her and for her sister , Martina , as well as for the other innocent victims massacred in the senseless blast against the church in Alexandria , there will be no 2011 .
For them , I say : you have been killed not by the explosion but by rampant hate , which is more potent and far deadlier than any weapon of mass destruction . I hope that your last screams of horror and pain will haunt the real perpetrators who have been diligently fostering fear and hate and bigotry , and nurturing the spirit of intolerance and self-righteousness . I hope that your fate , sad as it is , will serve as a reminder to everyone that any religious creed worthy of its name should help people live and not die .
Former Temple director of player personnel E.J . Barthel has been hired away by Penn State for a recruiting coordinator role , sources told NJ.com Friday .
The Owls originally hired Barthel in September 2016 as their coordinator of on-campus recruiting and changed his role soon after Geoff Collins replaced Matt Rhule as head coach once the latter left for Baylor . Prior to arriving in Philadelphia , Barthel worked two seasons at Rutgers , his alma mater , serving in a player development and recruiting coordinator role .
Sources have told https : //t.co/fHVP0hcTcI that EJ Barthel has accepted a recruiting coordinator role at # PennState , and is leaving # Temple . https : //t.co/fZrr7rKkaz — Tom Hanslin ( @ tomhanslin ) March 24 , 2017
A New Jersey native , Barthel played running back for the Scarlet Knights from 2003-05 , then transferred to UMass for two additional seasons . A year after graduating in 2008 , Barthel initiated a brief playing career with the UFL 's Las Vegas Locomotives . He soon went on to trade his shoulder pads for a headset and patrolled the sidelines at New Jersey 's DePaul Catholic High School in 2012 and Bergen Catholic in 2013 before moving to Rutgers .
Per NJ.com , Barthel recently helped land contributing Scarlet Knight freshmen Isaiah Wharton , Kiy Hester , Jawuan Harris , Blessuan Austin , Kevin Wilkins , Jim Hogan and Najee Clayton .
Penn State opens its 2017 campaign on Sept. 2 against Akron . Kickoff from Beaver Stadium is TBD .
Newly released lobbying figures show that broadband providers are still far outpacing Internet companies on spending in D.C. , as federal regulators consider how to write new rules for Internet lines .
Collectively , Internet service providers ( and their trade associations ) have spent $ 42.4 million so far this year lobbying lawmakers and regulators , according to federal disclosure forms . In the second quarter , Comcast * spent $ 4.45 million on lobbying , while the cable industry 's trade group , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association , spent another $ 4 million .
Internet companies have spent significantly less on lobbying , some $ 25.9 million so far this year . About a third of that total was spent by Google , which increased its spending in the second quarter to $ 5.03 million , compared to $ 3.82 million in the first three months of the year .
The discrepancy between the spending by the two industries — which is nothing new — continues to be a potential problem for net neutrality advocates who are hoping to convince federal regulators to adopt strong rules on Internet lines to prevent broadband providers from discriminating against some traffic .
Net neutrality advocates have passion on their side — last week the Federal Communications Commission announced it had received a total of 1.07 million comments about its controversial fast-lane net neutrality plan , which would allow Internet providers to charge content companies for prioritized service to subscribers . But the newly released lobbying figures show that broadband providers continue to far outspend companies that support stronger net neutrality rules .
That 's not a huge surprise , since broadband companies are determined to stop FCC officials from regulating Internet lines under Title II of the Communications Act , which was written with old phone networks in mind . Re-regulating Internet lines might be a more legally sound way of adopting net neutrality rules , but broadband providers do n't want their networks to be subject to other parts of the law , such as price regulations and requirements to offer wholesale access to competitors .
Even Internet companies that support net neutrality rules — notably Google , Facebook and Microsoft — did n't come out in favor of re-regulating Internet lines under Title II in comments filed last week . Google and Facebook did n't even file individual comments , relying instead on their trade association to express their views .
It 's not clear from the filing how much time and money was spent on lobbying about net neutrality and companies on both sides of the debate have plenty of other issues they 're using lobbyists to help them solve . Comcast is trying to convince regulators to let it acquire Time Warner Cable , just as AT & T wants the okay to purchase DirecTV . Meanwhile , Google and Facebook lobbyists are spending much of their time on privacy and national security issues surrounding the National Security Agency 's bulk data collection program .
* Comcast 's NBCUniversal unit is an investor in Revere Digital , Re/code 's parent company .
What 's the best way for a country like China to exert its influence over the U.S. economy ? Acquire American-owned companies like Chinese-owned Haier just did when they purchased General Electric 's ( GE ) appliance business for $ 5.4 billion .
So much for American independence and authentic Independence Day celebrations on July 4th .
America can no longer claim to be an independent nation when our manufacturing base is under foreign ownership or foreign control . After all , ownership equals control , and control equals sovereignty . We lose our sovereignty as a nation when foreign companies buy our land , factories , and companies .
How so ? Because the more Chinese and other foreign companies establish ownership of American assets , plants and factories , the more they have the right to demand how our U.S economy is run , because how it is run affects them , too .
Like the reporting you see here ? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com , America 's independent news network .
So since GE 's appliance business ( not the entire company ) is now under foreign ownership and therefore foreign control , what options are left for patriotic American consumers who want to keep profits , jobs , and tax revenue within the borders of the United States ?
Whirlpool just happens to be the only remaining major American-owned appliance company in the United States , and we need to support them with our consumer dollars when we shop for appliances . Whirlpool owns such popular brands as Maytag , Amana , KitchenAid , and Jenn-Air .
Check out the best of Roger Simmermaker , in “ How Americans Can Buy American ” and “ My Company ‘ Tis of Thee ” in the WND Superstore .
The only type of consumer appliance that Whirlpool does not make in America ( and virtually no appliance company makes in America ) is the consumer microwave oven ( Amana makes commercial microwaves in the USA ) . I have an American-made microwave oven from a company called Dacor . I did pay ( and you would too ) a significant amount of money above and beyond your traditional microwave oven ( like Whirlpool ) , but I look at it not as an extra cost , but rather an investment in America .
Whirlpool has nine manufacturing plants in the Unites States :
Freezers are made in Ottawa , Ohio
Ranges are made in Tulsa , Oklahoma
Dishwashers are made in Findlay , Ohio
Washers are made in Clyde , Ohio
Dryers are made in Marion , Ohio
Refrigerators are made in Amana , Iowa
Portables are made in Greenville , Ohio
Cooking products are made in Cleveland , Tennessee ( a 400,000 sq . ft. distribution center and one million sq . ft. manufacturing plant , which is the world 's largest premium cooking manufacturing plant ) .
Whirlpool employs 15,000 manufacturing workers in the U.S. and 22,000 American employees overall .
Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig joined Whirlpool in 1981 as an operation associate and worked his way up the Whirlpool ranks over the years . It 's great to know that when you buy Whirlpool products ( like I do ) that the CEO of the company actually cares about the country where his company is based , which is evident when he said , “ Our U.S. presence is , and always will be , the foundation of our global enterprise . We are very confident in the future of U.S. manufacturing and proud to have more U.S. manufacturing employees than all of our major competitors combined . ”
It is one thing for a corporate CEO to talk the patriotic talk , but Jeff Fettig 's company walks the patriotic walk , which is evident by their nine domestic factories .
Another example that shows evidence that Whirlpool is patriotic-minded company is the fact that the company recently ( December 2015 ) asked the federal government to impose tariffs on clothes washers made in China by South Korean-owned Samsung and LG . Whirlpool did n't close American factories to move to China to join their foreign-owned and foreign-made competition . They made a bold statement that they want to stay in the USA and get tariff protection so they do n't have to put their American workers in unemployment lines .
Three years ago , Whirlpool asked our government to slap tariffs on other companies ( LG and Samsung included ) that they perceived were selling appliances below the cost of production in the USA from Mexico ( a practice called dumping – which is illegal ) . Our government concluded Whirlpool was right , and imposed import tariffs as high as 72.4 percent .
The Whirlpool refrigerator I bought in 2008 ( which is still running of course ) has a sticker with this information proudly affixed inside next to an American flag logo : Whirlpool World Class appliances built with American Pride . Employing more U.S. workers than any other major appliance maker . Designed , Engineered & Assembled in the USA .
Chinese-owned Haier does produce some appliances in the USA , but all profits accrue to Chinese owners , Chinese investors , and Chinese stockholders . Taxes on those profits are paid to the Chinese treasury . The point is even if a given product is made in the USA , we still send profits and tax revenue to the country that owns the brand .
It 's ironic that Chinese-owned Haier is buying GE 's appliance business at least partly with money that used to be ours . Many Americans have purchased Haier products , often not knowing and maybe not even caring who owned the company or where it was based .
Now Haier is buying a popular American brand name with the money we sent them , and all future profits from the selling of GE appliances will accrue to China . More wealth gets siphoned out of the country , and we become poorer as a nation because of it .
Every purchase produces paychecks for someone . Let 's make sure our purchases produce paychecks for American workers ( employed by American-based companies ) and not workers in foreign countries who pay no taxes to America .
Check out the best of Roger Simmermaker , in “ How Americans Can Buy American ” and “ My Company ‘ Tis of Thee ” in the WND Superstore .
PAN , September 20 , 2010
By Mirwais Himmat
GHAZNI CITY/KABUL - Coalition troops arrested a journalist working for an international news agency during a raid on his residence in southern Ghazni province , Afghan officials and NATO said on Monday .
Rahmatullah Nikaz Aljazeera TV and AP reporter in Ghazni province has been taken by NATO forces last night . ( Photo : Pajhwok ) Rahmatullah Nikaz Aljazeera TV and AP reporter in Ghazni province has been taken by NATO forces last night . ( Photo : Pajhwok )
Rahmatullah Nekzad , working for the Al-Jazeera Television channel and Associated Press ( AP ) , was arrested by the joint assault force in Ghazni City , the provincial capital , late Sunday night .
The provincial police chief , Col. Zarawar Zahid , told Pajhwok Afghan News he had no idea where the reporter had been taken . Police were making efforts to get him released as soon as possible , he added .
Abdullah Rahmani , a brother of Nekzad , accused the foreign forces of roughing up his brother , who often criticised the international troops for using heavy-handed tactics during operations .
The journalist was dragged out of home by more than 10 soldiers , who also ransacked his house , Rahmani alleged . The provincial authorities had contacted officials of the two media outlets for the reporter 's release , he added .
Nekzad 's house is located in the Pakhtunabad area on the outskirts of Ghazni City , two kilometres from the NATO military centre , jointly manned by American and Polish troops .
For its part , NATO said the raiding party had detained a suspected Taliban media and propaganda facilitator , who participated in filming election attacks .
The suspect was held by the Afghan and coalition personnel in the Qala-i-Amir area of Ghazni City , the alliance said in a statement .
It added the security force identified and detained the targeted individual after raiding a compound and questioning residents . Grenades , ammunition , magazines video-recording equipment were seized .
Breitbart dropped the A-bomb on him this morning , headlining a post about Paul 's tete-a-tete with Grover Norquist yesterday on immigration , “ Rand Paul : Let 's Compromise On Amnesty. ” Naturally Paul started getting hammered for it online , drawing this retort :
I will not let sloppy journalists characterize my position as “ amnesty. ” It is simply untrue . http : //t.co/ToWmioTg0W — Senator Rand Paul ( @ RandPaul ) June 12 , 2014
His staff , sensing peril in letting that accusation go unchallenged , slapped together an op-ed stating his position and handed it over to Breitbart . ( Which , let 's just acknowledge , was a Jedi-caliber bit of content generation by the BB guys . ) Is it true or false that Rand 's for amnesty ? Here 's what he says :
I am for immigration reform because what we have now is untenable . I voted against the Gang of Eight 's comprehensive immigration reform bill because it did not secure the border first . I will only support reform that has border security first as verifiable and ascertained by Congress , not the president . My plan will not give the president the authority to simply declare that the border is secure . It will require yearly votes of Congress to ensure the president does n't get around the law… Immigrants are drawn to the magnet of free market capitalism here in the United States . Our nation should have open arms to immigrants who want to come her and work hard to make a new life in a free nation . As a libertarian-minded senator , I am attracted to the idea of somebody coming to this country with a couple dollars in his pocket , and then through hard work , make the American Dream a reality . I do not support amnesty , which is why I do n't support our current system with no border security and a blind eye to the problem .
Three things . One : Unless I 'm missing something , his position on immigration has n't changed . He 's always supported reform of some kind ; what he did n't support was the Gang of Eight bills , ostensibly because he did n't like the “ special ” path to citizenship it created but in reality because he knew that Rubio was going to get nuked for it on the right and decided he 'd better stay far away . He 's never going to back away from reform entirely , though , and neither will any other 2016 hopeful . They 're too afraid of being buried under the Latino vote in the general election ( even though they will be anyway ) . Realistically , Paul 's position here — no special path to citizenship and no legalization until the border is verifiably secure — is as far right as any Republican candidate will go in the primaries .
Two : How do you define “ amnesty ” ? As letting illegals apply for citizenship ? Letting them apply for legalization ? When I use the term , I 'm thinking of any bill that would permit legalization before the border has been measurably improved . Paul 's worried about the same thing , which is why he says no fewer than three times in this short op-ed that he 'd require a vote of Congress affirming those improvements before any legalization could take place . If you 're holding out for something more stringent than that — no legalization under any circumstances , attrition through enforcement for the indefinite future — that 's great but you 're kidding yourself . Remember , even Ted Cruz , while opposing a path to citizenship , supported the legalization component in the Gang of Eight bills . Congressional Republicans will never again take a “ no legalization , period ” position after Obama 's landslide among Latinos in 2012 . It is what it is . Rand 's plan is as conservative a bill as any prospective nominee will feel safe in supporting .
Three : Rand 's plan does n't have the tiniest chance of becoming law and he knows it . He 's putting this out there not as a serious proposal but to pander to conservatives who are skeptical of him . Apart from a few dozen righties in the House , there 's no constituency in Congress that wants to suspend legalization for illegals until the border is secure . Democrats do n't want to because they want the border open for future Democratic voters ; Republicans do n't want to because they want the border open for cheap labor for the donor class and the Chamber of Commerce . The only reason border security is part of comprehensive reform in the first place is because it gives Republicans a way to sell the bill to the right . And even if Rand 's bill somehow ended up passing , the GOP would end up caving and gutting it within a few years . Imagine if they passed his plan and Congress was asked to vote in 2016 on whether new improvements to security have made the border sufficiently strong that we can now begin legalizing illegals who are here . How would that vote go in a presidential election year , with the GOP quavering at what might happen among Latino voters if they vote no ?
I 'm not knocking Paul for this , to be clear . His proposal , while laughably DOA , is a smart way to try to appease conservatives , libertarians , and Latinos simultaneously , emphasizing security while seeming to stand up to the right in insisting on reform that involves legalization . Is it too much to ask , though , that Republicans like him emphasize now and then that the only reason America 's stuck at this endless impasse on comprehensive reform is because Democrats wo n't accept border security on its own terms ? A Republican Congress , squishy as it would be , would pass a security-only bill overwhelmingly knowing how their base would react if they did n't . It 's Democrats who ca n't stand the idea of improving the border for its own sake , but rather as a regrettable concession to be made in an amnesty deal . Might want to mention that from time to time , senator , to remind voters who the “ unreasonable ” party in Congress really is .
Blazquez Dominguez/Getty It 's a bad idea to engage in insider trading . An even worse idea is going on social media to brag about the nonpublic information you have obtained .
That 's what the Securities and Exchange Commission alleged Maziar Rezakhani did after paying an Amazon employee $ 10,000 cash for early access to the company 's earnings results .
In a release Thursday , the SEC alleged that Rezakhani paid Brett Kennedy , a brother in his fraternity and an Amazon financial analyst at the time , for access to 2015 first-quarter earnings results . Kennedy is no longer an Amazon employee .
Rezakhani then allegedly went on `` at least two trading-related internet communications platforms '' to forecast that Amazon would earn $ 22.7 billion in revenues and lose $ 0.12 per share , according to the SEC . Even a `` 5 year old can guess what they will do , '' because the `` numbers are so obvious , '' Rezakhani allegedly wrote . He bought $ 1.7 million of Amazon stock and made more than $ 116,000 in profits based on the results , according to the Department of Justice .
Their plan was to open a hedge fund in New York after making a number of successful trades through Rezakhani 's brokerage account , the SEC alleged .
To make trading fair , the SEC prohibits anyone from trading while in possession of so-called material nonpublic information . Rezakhani `` failed to predict that we would catch him and his accomplices in their illegal scheme , '' the SEC said .
Rezakhani and Kennedy settled with the SEC for about $ 30,000 combined without admitting to or denying the allegations . Kennedy also pled guilty to insider trading in a separate action in hopes a securing a deal in which he serves about one year in prison .
Amazon declined to comment .
The tax agency whipped up that lien against Shkreli 's property in midtown Manhattan on Dec. 18 , a day after he was arrested by the FBI on federal securities fraud charges .
The IRS actually filed the lien Jan. 11 with the Office of the City Register in New York , according to the website Gawker.com , which first reported the lien .
The vast majority of Shkreli 's unpaid taxes , $ 4.625 million , was incurred in 2014 , according to a copy of a filing on record at the register 's office that Gawker posted online .
Another $ 3,431 in unpaid taxes were incurred in 2013 , according to the lien .
Gawker noted that the lien , whose amount reflects taxes , interest and penalties , was filed because `` we had made a demand for payment of this liability , but it remains unpaid . ''
The lien gives the IRS the right to its cut of any proceeds of a sale of Shkreli 's property . The lien does not identify the source of income that Shkreli owes taxes for .
Former NBA player Jackie Robinson proposed a plan earlier this week for a $ 1.3 billion new arena on the Las Vegas Strip , according to The Associated Press .
The proposed arena would seat 22,000 , which is 76 seats shy of the largest NBA arena , The Palace of Auburn Hills . Robinson is hoping the arena will be completed by 2016 and claims the entire project will be privately funded .
Along with his hopes for completion , Robinson hopes his NBA experience and relationship with his old general manager and current NBA head of basketball operations , Kiki Vandeweghe , will attract an NBA team to this proposed arena . David Stern has previously hinted that Seattle and Las Vegas could be the next cities to be considered for NBA expansion teams .
Neil deMause of Field of Schemes points out that this exact location was the same site another group of investors unsuccessfully proposed an NBA and MLS stadium on back in 2011 . While Clark County claims they have not received any submissions for land use approval , the arena is scheduled to break ground in the spring of 2014 .
Share
Virtual reality platforms pose a new challenge for game developers , but they are also an amazing opportunity to deliver new and exciting experiences to players . When compared to high-end desktop offerings such as the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive , mobile VR platforms for Android might seem a little lackluster , but Google 's Daydream platform was made with the goal of providing accessible , high-quality and comfortable mobile VR .
Daydream will become more and more accessible as time goes on , and it will surely change the perception of mobile VR gaming due to its low cost of entry . Google 's Daydream is a new and lucrative platform for game developers , so it is important to know the steps necessary to get started on Daydream development . After following these simple steps , your business will be ready to start creating games for Daydream .
5 Quick Steps on How to Make Google Daydream Games
As the Daydream View headset will only arrive in November , for now , you will need to hack together a development kit . Two devices will be needed for this : a Nexus 6P running Android Nougat ( at least 7.0 ) and another Android phone with KitKat ( 4.4 ) or newer version .
Since we do not yet have access to a Daydream View and a Pixel phone , a Nexus 6P takes its place inside a Cardboard-compatible headset . The other device 's screen will be used to simulate the controller via a Bluetooth connection , using the screen in place of physical buttons . You can download a printable version of the controller layout , which you should put over the second phone 's screen .
You have to follow these 5 steps to start developing a VR game for Daydream :
First step : Set up both phones by following the official development kit instructions on Google 's Daydream developers ' page . This involves pairing the two phones through Bluetooth and side-loading the Controller Emulator application on the second one . As an optional step , download and print a copy of the overlay , then put it over the screen of the second device .
Second step : Install the Software Development Kit and any required components of it on the PC you will develop on . Currently , the two main game development platforms for Daydream are Unreal Engine 4 and Unity SDK .
Third step : Start developing your game in the same way you would do with any other regular Android games . Refer to the documentation of your SDK , and follow the Daydream-specific instructions for required settings and build options .
Fourth step : When you feel that your game is ready to be run via Daydream , just side-load it onto the Nexus 6P , or upload it via a USB connection , in the same way as we do with non-Daydream Android apps and games .
Fifth step : Pair the two devices via Bluetooth and run the emulator on the second phone . Put the Nexus into the Cardboard , launch the game on it and place the headset in front of your eyes . If a head-strap is available , utilize it so that you do n't have to hold the headset with one hand . Look around in the game world by moving your head , and manipulate it using the secondary phone . The motion controls of the Daydream controller will be simulated by using the gyroscope of the device .
Developing Daydream games on Unity
Google and Unity have a long-term collaboration , from which both platforms benefit . As a result the Unity development kit will have native support for Daydream after its retail release . This entails optimizations for reduced hardware latency and accurate head-tracking .
Unity developers have to download a separate version of the development kit – the Technical Preview of the editor , which includes Daydream-specific features . As it is a separate instance of the editor , you can install this next to any already existing Unity installations without them affecting each other . After the official release of Daydream View , the featureset will be included with the mainline Unity editor , making the separate dev kit unnecessary from that point .
Developing Daydream games on Unreal 4
Unlike the current version of Unity , Unreal Engine 4 already has the Daydream-specific features fully integrated into their editor . You have to enable these manually via a few setting changes and extra installations . First , install the Android NDK version 11c , which is a requirement for enabling these features . Then have Unreal recognize the NDK by browsing to the NDK in the Project Settings / Platforms / Android SDK part . You will also have to build your game with the Support arm64 [ aka arm64-v8a ] option in order for Daydream to recognize it as a valid app . For more information , refer to the official documentation of Unreal Engine .
Control methods and VR-friendly game genres
The developers of Unreal Engine made a short demo to present the capabilities of Daydream : this is a first-person dungeon crawler game , in which the player looks around using head movements and manipulates the world ( moves , uses objects and operates the UI ) with the motion controller . The Daydream integration of Unreal 4 was used to create this demo , with the goal of showcasing some ideas that work well with mobile VR .
First-person RPGs and puzzle games like the aforementioned example are a good candidate for accessible genres . Since Daydream users will only be able to look around in the game world via head movements , not all game genres work well with the setup of headset plus wireless controller . The controller can simulate one hand of the user , or a pointer inside the game – or even a magic wand , as can be seen in the example of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , the tie-in game to the upcoming movie .
How AppReal-VR Can Help ?
AppReal-VR is your ideal partner for mobile game development , thanks to years of experience in Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality .
AppReal-VR has a good grasp on how to tackle new and exciting technologies , including the Google Daydream platform . We help our customers in exploring and pushing Virtual Reality boundaries while developing new and exciting VR apps .
Verdi 's first comedic opera tells the story of Cavaliere di Belfiore , a wily rogue who has been roped into impersonating the King of Poland abroad while the latter is engaged in reclaiming his throne . Serving as the royal 's decoy , Belfiore finds himself the guest of honor at a double wedding at the home of Barone di Kelbar .
Exercising his newfound power , Belfiore adopts the role of matchmaker , maneuvering to help Kelbar 's daughter Giulietta avoid her wealthy betrothed , Grand Treasurer La Rocca , in favor of her true love , the young officer Edoardo .
Meanwhile , Belfiore 's own heartthrob , the young widow the Marchesa del Poggio , is in danger of an arranged marriage to Count Ivea . Navigating duels , wedding ceremonies , and coy women , Belfiore confounds plans for arranged marriages and assists in the triumph of true love ( including his own ) .
Approximate Running Time : 2 hours with one 15 minute intermission .
Sung in Italian with projected English supertitles .
Presented in repertory with a double bill of fully staged productions : Zanetto and Il Segreto di Susanna .
History was made during Mexico 's elections on Sunday , when a swashbuckling , tough-talking candidate whose nickname is `` El Bronco '' became the first independent candidate to win an election for governor of a Mexican state .
Jaime Rodríguez won as the governor of Nuevo Leon , a state close to the Texas border and a critical location in Mexico for business .
`` This is a man who loves to strut around in cowboy boots , a big Stetson hat and he looks like the sheriff , '' says Mexico City reporter Franc Contreras . `` He has that can-do cowboy attitude . ''
This mid-term election was the first in Mexico to allow candidates to run without any party affiliation . In some ways , Rodriguez ' victory was an expression dissatisfaction by voters with all of Mexico 's political parties .
`` There 's a sense that a huge amount of spending takes place . ... And Mexicans do n't feel like they 're getting the bang for their peso , '' Contreras says .
The current party in power , the Institutional Revolutionary Party under President Enrique Pena Nieto , has been tainted by allegations of corruption , failure to control drug gang violence and an inability to lift Mexico out of its economic slump .
Rodriguez used to belong to the PRI , but left when the law changed this year , allowing him to run as an independent .
His campaign slogan was tied to his very personal experiences . “ One dead son ... One kidnapped two-year-old daughter ... And 2800 bullet holes in my truck . '' Rodriguez lost a son during car accident . His daughter was reportedly kidnapped by one of Mexico 's most violent drug gangs , and he was the target of two assassination attempts .
`` What he 's saying to people is that he can bring the violence under control and when he was mayor of a town just outside of Monterey , he was able to bring drug trafficking into check by strengthening the police force , paying them better , and earning more respect for law enforcement .
Projections suggest the PRI will win a slim plurality of votes at the national level , winning about 30 percent of the vote , but see its number of seats in Congress drop .
Contreras says the PRI will rely on support from the Green Party to govern . Although generally known as an environmentally-conscious party in the US , Mexico 's Green Party is nothing like that , says Contreras .
“ When you ask most Mexicans on the street what they think of the Green party , they 'll say , 'Yeah , green like dollar bills green . ' ”
16 Shares +1
Christmas is a special time of the year . The holidays are filled with love , carefreeness , and gifts . It 's a time where hardly anything bad happens . Except for humans . We are still our horrible self , even when celebrating love .
Oh Christmas Tree
“ Have you seen this ? ” , George shouted from the living room .
He was sunken into his green armchair , so much so that it might 've been an inseparable part of him at this point . He was just about to down another mug of his warm eggnog to the hypnotizing images of the California Wildfires on the News when he got pinched by a little empathy .
“ Yeah it looks great , does n't it ? ” , Ruth responded , trying to keep her voice to a reasonable degree as to not disturb any of the neighbors with any exaggerated shouting . She was balancing on a little wooden stepladder trying to get their Christmas tree the finishing touch : the star of Bethlehem . Well , it was a star and it was pretty huge , so it was as good as it was gon na get .
It truly was the biggest tree they ever bought , they 've had it for ages already . They drove out to several shops days ago to make sure they had the largest selection to choose from . It would soon be one of the millions of trees to rot away or get burned in landfills , needlessly impacting the environment for the sake of a few weeks of Christmas joy . But it did , indeed , look great .
It certainly looked better than that plastic monstrosity the Miller 's were harboring in their broom closet “ for the sake of nature ” . They were unaware , that unless they use their tree for more than TWO DECADES , it would actually end up being even more harmful than just cutting down innocent fir trees every year . Oh , the irony .
Burn 'em All this Holidays
“ Nah , the fire Ruth . THE FIRE ! ” , George could n't help but gargle a bit on the eggnog as parts of it were spilling down into his beard . Ruth took a risky jump from the ladder and ran into the living room . When there ever was a time of urgency , then when she heard the gargling voice of her husband exclaim “ fire ” multiple times . She was close to a heart attack when she arrived to the sobering views of San Bernadino engulfed in flames .
“ Is that all ? I worried something had happened , ” she was catching her breath violently , party because of relief , partly because of a mixture of poor eating habits without any regular physical activity . They would n't know how dire it was until a stroke sent her face flying into a bowl of soup about two weeks later . On the same day , their tree would be burned in a landfill nearby .
“ Do n't be ridiculous , look at all those trees burning down . I 'm so glad global warming is n't real . We 'd be in real trouble otherwise . By the way , we got some Christmas cards in the mail . ”
Unaware of his own apparent hypocrisy , George three a handful of envelopes on the little table between him an Ruth while enjoying the flaming spectacle on his flat screen , dunking his nose deep into the eggnog mug .
Love is in the Air
Ah , the mutual respect of marriage . If she had n't already abandoned all her dreams , she might 've been bothered . But let 's be honest , Christmas was all she had left , and she would n't let George take it away from her with his usual behavior . She would n't have it this year . She grumbled a bit but eventually picked up the stack and went back to her room of Christmas joy , placing the cards on a small table above the neatly wrapped gifts she bought for the kids . The joy of giving was a truly remarkable feeling . A warm tingling in her bones every year .
While the fires were raging in California – Ruth 's family was preparing their own festive pyromania , contributing to vast amounts of garbage to be burned shortly after the Christmas holidays . 83 square kilometers of gift wrap , 125.000 tons of plastic and billions of Christmas cards are thrown out over Christmas – and that 's just in the UK alone .
A Trashy Christmas
Clearly , Ruth and her family are a jolly bunch and they surely are n't to blame for the world 's shortcomings . They just love each other and want to have a good time . They even bought wonderful gifts for their kids , not knowing that half of their gifts are usually more than unwelcome . I mean who knows what kids like these days , so they just throw it away . Or even better , they return it to the shop where it 's not gon na be resold but eventually gets stuck in an almost endless cycle of shipments and eventual destruction , spraying more carbon emissions into the environment than any Volkswagen would be capable of .
It 's a jolly good time indeed , if not for anyone else , then at least for us . And big businesses selling you your own soul on the premise of a bit of love and family wholeness that you know you lost years ago but you did n't have the balls to divorce the sleazy eggnog sponge yet . Merry Christmas indeed .
Conservative pundit David Frum contends that he was blacklisted from Fox News after criticizing Rush Limbaugh in 2009 . ( h/t Inside Cable News )
Frum made the charge in a piece for New York magazine . Back in 2009 , he authored an article for Newsweek `` arguing that Republicans would regret conceding so much power to Rush Limbaugh . '' According to Frum , he had been a frequent contributor on Fox News but `` some kind of fatwa was laid down '' on him following his Newsweek article .
Frum wrote that producers would call to book him on a segment . He then described the `` embarrassed second call '' he would receive , in which those same producers would call him back to say they had decided to go `` 'in a different direction . ' ''
Frum has since become a fierce critic of Fox News . Most famously , he said in 2010 that `` Republicans originally thought that Fox worked for us , and now we are discovering we work for Fox . ''
Frum 's wife , Danielle Crittenden is currently a managing editor with HuffPost Canada .
View the slideshow below for Fox News-related feuds .
PHOTO GALLERY
RELATED VIDEO :
Hey Rescue Squad™ !
Thank you for all your help in reuniting lost pets . With every share , you raise local awareness for that lost or found pet . All together , this adds up to MILLIONS of people seeing PawBoost Alerts every week , and THOUSANDS of pets being reunited every week ! !
We 're always trying to find new ways to help you spread local awareness for lost and found pets . If you 're reading this , you 've probably noticed the ‘ Share to Nextdoor ' button we added to make it easier to reach local people on that platform .
However , Nextdoor 's share button is still in its beta phase , and there are some kinks that need to be worked out . For now , we 're taking the button off our site while they work on improvements .
For the time being , keep on sharing these pets to Facebook ! Every share counts , and it could be yours that reunites that lost pet with her family !
Lots of love ,
The PawBoost Team
The study takes into consideration the number of bookstores , library resources , Internet use , educational levels and newspaper circulation .
President Barack Obama , with daughters Sasha , center , and Malia , pays for his purchase the the local bookstore Politics and Prose in northwest Washington . ( Photo11 : Manuel Balce Ceneta AP ) Story Highlights Study ranks 77 largest cities
Lead study author John Miller concedes that it measures quantity , not quality
New England and Mid-Atlantic score higher than Southwest and California
For the fourth consecutive year , Washington is America 's most literate city , according to an annual statistical study ranking the nation 's 77 largest cities .
The study , conducted by Central Connecticut State University President John Miller , is based on data that include the number of bookstores , library resources , Internet use , educational levels and newspaper circulation .
Given the popularity of lists that rank the safest cities or best retirement communities , Miller began his study in 2003 to draw attention to `` literacy : how much people are reading and where they are reading the most . ''
He acknowledges that the study , which includes cities with populations of at least 250,000 , measures quantity , not quality . `` That 's more subjective and harder to verify , '' he says . To those who complain or question his rankings , he says : `` Show me the data . ''
The rankings for the top 10 cities in 2013 , with comparisons to 2012 :
1 . Washington ( same as 2012 )
2 . Seattle ( same as 2012 )
3 . Minneapolis ( same as 2012 )
4 . ( tie ) Atlanta ( up from No . 8 )
4 . ( tie ) Pittsburgh ( held No . 4 alone in 2012 )
6 . Denver ( down from No . 5 )
7 . St. Paul ( down from No . 6 )
8 . Boston ( down from No . 7 )
9 . St. Louis ( same as 2012 )
10 . San Francisco ( up from No . 11 )
Miller says some of the findings seem counterintuitive :
• Parts of the `` Rust Belt are n't so rusty '' when it comes to public libraries . Cleveland is No . 1 , and Pittsburgh is No . 2 , based on the number of branches , volumes , circulation and staff per capita .
• Boston is No . 27 in education levels , despite being home to scores of colleges , because of `` its abysmal high school dropout rates . ''
• Washington , not New York ( No . 16 on the overall list ) , scores highest for the number of magazine and journal publishers `` because of all the trade publications devoted to politics and the federal government . ''
Miller , the former chancellor at the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater and dean of the College of Education at Florida State University , notes regional differences :
Older cities in New England and the Mid-Atlantic generally scored higher ; cities in California and the Southwest the lowest . At the bottom of the list : Bakersfield , Calif. ( No . 77 ) , Corpus Christi , Texas ( No . 76 ) , Stockton , Calif. ( No . 75 ) and El Paso , Texas ( No . 74 ) . Miller says `` it may take a very long history to develop a culture of literate practices . ''
Next year , he 's planning to take his study global and rank the most literate countries . He predicts that Finland may surprise people .
Details of the 2013 study are posted at ccsu.edu/AMLC2013
Here is the full list from `` America 's Most Literate Cities '' for 2013 . ( The number in parentheses is the 2012 ranking . )
1 . Washington ( 1 )
2 . Seattle ( 2 )
3 . Minneapolis ( 3 )
4 . ( tie ) Atlanta ( 8 )
4 . ( tie ) Pittsburgh ( 4 )
6 . Denver ( 5 )
7 . St. Paul ( 6 )
8 . Boston ( 7 )
9 . St. Louis ( 9 )
10 . San Francisco ( 11 )
11 . Portland , Ore. ( 10 )
12 . Cincinnati ( 12 )
13 . Kansas City ( 13 )
14 . Cleveland ( 14 )
15 . Baltimore ( 19 )
16 . New York ( 21 )
17 . Honolulu ( tied for 15 )
18 . Lexington-Fayette , Ky. ( 24 )
19 . New Orleans ( 25 )
20 . Virginia Beach ( 17 )
21 . ( tie ) Austin ( 23 )
21 . ( tie ) Nashville-Davidson , Tenn. ( 26 )
23 . Raleigh , N.C. ( 18 )
24 . Tulsa ( 22 )
25 . Tampa ( 20 )
26 . Columbus , Ohio ( 32 )
27 . Oakland ( tied for 15 )
28 . ( tie ) Chicago ( 31 )
28 . ( tie ) Colorado Springs ( 27 )
30 . Lincoln , Neb . ( 28 )
31 . Miami ( 34 )
32 . San Diego ( 36 )
33 . Buffalo ( 29 )
34 . Philadelphia ( 30 )
35 . Newark ( 33 )
36 . Indianapolis ( 37 )
37 . Dallas ( 47 )
38 . ( tie ) Omaha ( 38 )
38 . ( tie ) San Jose ( 35 )
40 . Sacramento ( 42 )
41 . Detroit ( 46 )
42 . Tucson ( 48 )
43 . Plano , Texas ( 45 )
44 . Toledo , Ohio ( 44 )
45 . Albuquerque ( 39 )
46 . Louisville-Jefferson Co. , Ky. ( 49 )
47 . ( tie ) Fort Wayne , Ind . ( 41 )
47 . ( tie ) Milwaukee ( 40 )
49 . Fort Worth ( 52 )
50 . Greensboro , N.C. ( 43 )
51 . Oklahoma City ( 51 )
52 . Charlotte ( 50 )
53 . ( tie ) Las Vegas ( 54 )
53 . ( tie ) Santa Ana , Calif. ( 57 )
55 . Jersey City ( 53 )
56 . ( tie ) Anchorage ( 56 )
56 . ( tie ) Houston ( 60.5 )
58 . Jacksonville ( 55 )
59 . Phoenix ( 59 )
60 . Henderson , Nev. ( 58 )
61 . Riverside , Calif. ( 63 )
62 . Wichita ( 62 )
63 . Arlington , Texas ( 64 )
64 . Los Angeles ( 60.5 )
65 . Memphis ( 66 )
66 . Glendale , Ariz. ( 65 )
67 . Long Beach , Calif. ( 67 )
68 . Mesa , Ariz. ( 68 )
69 . Aurora , Colo. ( 69 )
70 . ( tie ) Chula Vista , Calif. ( 70.5 )
70 . ( tie ) Fresno ( 70 )
72 . Anaheim , Calif. ( 72 )
73 . San Antonio ( 71 )
74 . El Paso ( 73 )
75 . Stockton , Calif. ( 74 )
76 . Corpus Christi , Texas ( 75 )
77 . Bakersfield , Calif. ( 74 )
Source : Central Connecticut State University
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1eANIGg
The Los Angeles Lakers used a strong second quarter to turn a deficit into a 57-49 halftime lead over the Toronto Raptors at Air Canada Centre . Pau Gasol led a balanced Laker attack with 10 points , and grabbed four rebounds in the opening 24 minutes . Kobe Bryant scored all nine of his first-half points in the first quarter , and moved closer to another scoring milestone .
Bryant now has 26,503 points in his career , which is the fourth highest total with one team in NBA history . He needs nine more points to pass Hakeem Olajuwon , who scored 26,511 points for the Houston Rockets , for third place on the list :
Most Points For One Franchise , NBA History
Player Team Years Points Karl Malone Jazz 1985-2003 36,374 Michael Jordan Bulls 1984-93,94-98 29,277 Hakeem Olaujwon Rockets 1984-2001 26,511 Kobe Bryant Lakers 1996-present 26,503 John Havlicek Celtics 1962-1978 26,395 Reggie Miller Pacers 1987-2005 25,279 Jerry West Lakers 1960-1974 25,192
The Lakers shot 53.8 % in the first half , compared to 41.9 % for Toronto . In addition , the Lakers out-rebounded the Raptors , 24-15 . The Lakers were quite efficient in the first half , scoring 1.17 points per possession , compared to 1.00 for Toronto . Andrew Bynum , playing his fourth game of the season , scored eight points , grabbed two rebounds , and blocked a shot in his eight first-half minutes , and altered a few plays at the rim . Bynum shot a team-high eight free throws , making six .
Amir Johnson led the Raptors with 12 first-half points , making six of his nine field goal attempts .
For more Lakers news and information , be sure to follow Silver Screen and Roll .
The incident started after an alleged assault at Pickleman 's Gourmet Café around 2:40 a.m. on Friday . Mixon 's accuser , 20-year-old Amelia Rae Molitor , claims Mixon threw a punch so powerful it knocked her unconscious for at least 20 seconds .
7/28/2014 Related Story : Joe Mixon 's Attorney Says The Assault Was Self-Defense
Mixon was not arrested for the crime while police conducted their investigation , but on Monday he met with investigators to share his side of the story .
Kevin Finlay , the attorney for Mixon , says his client is being treated just like any other student athlete would in this situation . Finlay stated Mixon is going to be `` held out of football activities pending the outcome of the investigation . ''
The OU athletics department released the following statement via their Twitter account , regarding this incident :
`` Joe Mixon is not reporting for team activities at this time . We will continue to monitor the situation . ''
As far as the law enforcement side , police are still interviewing witnesses but have not been able to speak with Molitor 's attorney yet , and right now , investigators are kind of at a standstill in this case .
Of course that golden piece of evidence , the surveillance video that shows what really happened , is now in the hands of the district attorney . Again , things wo n't move forward until police can complete their investigation .
Valentino Rossi is confident that he would have won Sunday 's Qatar MotoGP even without the turn one mistake by Marc Marquez .
Reigning double MotoGP champion Marquez lost out to the Ducati or Andrea Dovizioso and his own Repsol Honda tem-mate Dani Pedrosa in qualifying , but looked the rider to beat for the race .
However the young Spaniard was forced to lift his RC213V and run wide to avoid clipping the back of Bradley Smith at the first corner .
The incident dropped Marquez to the back of the 25-rider field , but he had recovered to fifth positon by the midway stage with a gap of around four-seconds to the leading quartet of Jorge Lorenzo , Andrea Dovizioso , Andrea Iannone and Rossi .
While Rossi worked his way through the lead group and took a thrilling win over Dovizioso , Marquez remained in fifth , crossing the line seven seconds from victory .
Marquez was also only ranked fifth in terms of the fastest race lap and , although he had n't yet seen the turn one incident , Rossi felt he would still have won . The # 46 cited last year 's Le Mans race as an example of how Marquez can ride through the field when he has the pace for victory .
`` I say yes , but I do n't see how much Marc lost , '' Rossi replied , when asked if he would still have won . `` Last year in Le Mans , Marc was twelfth , he overtook everybody , he arrived to me , overtook me and continued to go . Like he was cruising .
`` Had one moment [ tonight ] when Marc was behind me , but after was not enough for the pace [ to catch me ] . But to answer that in a perfect way , I have to see the race , because I see just in front of me , so it 's a little bit difficult to understand . ''
Marquez finished one place in front of team-mat Dani Pedrosa , who also started on the front row and was expected to be in victory contention . Pedrosa later revealed arm pump problems but the apparent lack of pace for the factory RCV riders was one of the biggest upsets on Sunday .
`` For me the race of the two Hondas is a surprise , because I expected Dani very strong , but especially Marc , '' Rossi added . `` Sincerely , when I saw him arriving behind me on my board , and after I saw come back Andrea , I thought maybe Marc has crashed because during the practice he has always a good pace .
`` But [ Marquez ] did not crash , and it is better , because it means that in the second half of the race , we were faster . ''
Marquez said it was tough to know how his race would have ended without the error .
`` On the last two laps Valentino and Dovi pushed a lot but you never know because when you are there you can manage the tyres , slow down a little bit and it is different . I felt I was ready to fight for the victory but now it is too late . ''
Rossi , the oldest rider on the grid at 36 , believes the balance of power between Honda , Yamaha and Ducati will change from circuit to circuit .
`` This level , between Honda Ducati and Yamaha , will change every week in the different race track , because every bike has weak and strong points . So to try to stay in front in the championship we have to stay concentrated to try to understand what is the right day to try to win , but especially to keep some points in the difficult weekends at the difficult circuit .
`` We will enjoy this moment , for sure we will with the team , because coming from a not fantastic test and practice , but next race will be Austin , and is the 'home ' of Marquez , and will be very hard . ''
Today in Important Political Discussions , the topic is What Is A Wall And What Is A Fence . This is n't a joke .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer spent a chunk of his daily briefing arguing with Breitbart reporter Charlie Spiering about the infamous wall President Trump plans to build along the United States border . Specifically , whether it 's a fence or a wall .
Sean Spicer came prepared with , for some reason , a Powerpoint-like presentation filled with images of walls . But that was n't enough for Spiering , who then decided to get to the heart of the real issue : `` Just one question about the photos . are those photos of fences or walls ? ''
This is the point where we get to see Spicey pissed all over again , because he blurts out , `` Bollard wall ! Levy wall ! ''
Spicer explains The Wall™ https : //t.co/fts3RmNh8i — Bradd Jaffy ( @ BraddJaffy ) May 3 , 2017
As The Washington Post notes , Sean Spicer has been talking to the press much less lately , so maybe he needed a good ol ' PowerPoint to keep things rolling .
Duane 's syndrome Duane Syndrome type I in left eye . 10-year-old girl . Specialty Ophthalmology
Duane syndrome is a congenital rare type of strabismus most commonly characterized by the inability of the eye to move outwards . The syndrome was first described by ophthalmologists Jakob Stilling ( 1887 ) and Siegmund Türk ( 1896 ) , and subsequently named after Alexander Duane , who discussed the disorder in more detail in 1905 . [ 1 ]
Other names for this condition include : Duane 's retraction syndrome , eye retraction syndrome , retraction syndrome , congenital retraction syndrome and Stilling-Türk-Duane syndrome . [ 2 ]
Clinical presentation [ edit ]
Patient with Duane syndrome attempting to look far right . Notice the afflicted left eye faces straight and up , rather than following the right eye to the right .
The characteristic features of the syndrome are :
Limitation of abduction ( outward movement ) of the affected eye .
Less marked limitation of adduction ( inward movement ) of the same eye .
Retraction of the eyeball into the socket on adduction , with associated narrowing of the palpebral fissure ( eye closing ) .
Widening of the palpebral fissure on attempted abduction . ( N. B. Mein and Trimble [ 3 ] point out that this is `` probably of no significance '' as the phenomenon also occurs in other conditions in which abduction is limited . )
point out that this is `` probably of no significance '' as the phenomenon also occurs in other conditions in which abduction is limited . ) Poor convergence .
A head turn to the side of the affected eye to compensate for the movement limitations of the eye ( s ) and to maintain binocular vision .
While usually isolated to the eye abnormalities , Duane syndrome can be associated with other problems including cervical spine abnormalities Klippel-Feil syndrome , Goldenhar syndrome , heterochromia , and congenital deafness . [ 4 ]
Causes [ edit ]
Duane syndrome is most probably a miswiring of the eye muscles , causing some eye muscles to contract when they should n't and other eye muscles not to contract when they should . [ 2 ] Alexandrakis and Saunders found that in most cases the abducens nucleus and nerve are absent or hypoplastic , and the lateral rectus muscle is innervated by a branch of the oculomotor nerve . [ 5 ] This view is supported by the earlier work of Hotchkiss et al . who reported on the autopsy findings of two patients with Duane 's syndrome . In both cases the sixth cranial nerve nucleus and nerve was absent , and the lateral rectus muscle was innervated by the inferior division of the third or oculomotor nerve . This misdirection of nerve fibres results in opposing muscles being innervated by the same nerve . Thus , on attempted abduction , stimulation of the lateral rectus via the oculomotor nerve will be accompanied by stimulation of the opposing medial rectus via the same nerve ; a muscle which works to adduct the eye . Thus , co-contraction of the muscles takes place , limiting the amount of movement achievable and also resulting in retraction of the eye into the socket . They also noticed mechanical factors and considered them secondary to loss of innervation : During corrective surgery fibrous attachments have been found connecting the horizontal recti and the orbital walls and fibrosis of the lateral rectus has been confirmed by biopsy . This fibrosis can result in the lateral rectus being 'tight ' and acting as a tether or leash . Co-contraction of the medial and lateral recti allows the globe to slip up or down under the tight lateral rectus producing the up and down shoots characteristic of the condition . [ 6 ]
Genetics [ edit ]
There are two known genetic associations with Duane Syndrome In some families the condition is associated with variants in the CHN1 gene [ 7 ] and in others it is associated with variants in the MAFB gene . [ 8 ]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Classification [ edit ]
Duane 's syndrome has three variants :
Type I : Limited abduction with or without esotropia
Type II : Limited adduction with or without exotropia
Type III : Limitation of both abduction and adduction and any form of horizontal strabismus
The first type is more common and accounts for 85 % of the cases . [ 4 ] [ 9 ]
Differential diagnosis [ edit ]
In the clinical setting , the principal difficulties in differential diagnosis arise as a consequence of the very early age at which patients with this condition first present . The clinician must be persistent in examining abduction and adduction , and in looking for any associated palpebral fissure changes or head postures , when attempting to determine whether what often presents as a common childhood squint ( note- '' squint '' is a British term for two eyes not looking in the same direction [ 10 ] ) is in fact Duane syndrome . Fissure changes , and the other associated characteristics of Duane 's such as up or down shoots and globe retraction , are also vital when deciding whether any abduction limitation is the result of Duane 's and not a consequence of VI or abducens cranial nerve palsy .
Acquired Duane 's syndrome is a rare event occurring after peripheral nerve palsy . [ 11 ]
Treatment [ edit ]
The majority of patients remain symptom free and able to maintain binocularity with only a slight face turn . Amblyopia is uncommon and , where present , rarely dense . This can be treated with occlusion , and any refractive error can also be corrected .
Duane syndrome can not be cured , as the `` missing '' cranial nerve can not be replaced , and traditionally there has been no expectation that surgery will result in any increase in the range of eye movement . Surgical intervention , therefore , has only been recommended where the patient is unable to maintain binocularity , where they are experiencing symptoms , or where they are forced to adopt a cosmetically unsightly or uncomfortable head posture in order to maintain binocularity . The aims of surgery are to place the eye in a more central position and , thus , place the field of binocularity more centrally also , and to overcome or reduce the need for the adoption of an abnormal head posture . Occasionally , surgery is not needed during childhood , but becomes appropriate later in life , as head position changes ( presumably due to progressive muscle contracture ) .
Surgical approaches include :
Medial rectus recession in the involved eye or both eyes . By weakening the medial rectus muscles this procedure improves the crossed-eye appearance but does not improve outward eye movements ( abductions ) .
Morad et al . showed improved abduction after modest unilateral medial rectus recession and lateral rectus resection in a subgroup of patients with mild eye retraction and good adduction before surgery . [ 12 ]
Lateral transposition of the vertical muscles described by Rosenbaum has been shown to improve range of movement of the eye . The surgical procedure produces 40-65 degrees of binocular field . Orbital wall fixation of the lateral rectus muscle ( muscle is disinserted and reattached to lateral orbital wall ) is recommended an effective method to inactivate a lateral rectus muscle in cases of marked anomalous innervation and severe cocontraction . [ 13 ]
Epidemiology [ edit ]
Most patients are diagnosed by the age of 10 years and Duane 's is more common in girls ( 60 percent of the cases ) than boys ( 40 percent of the cases ) . A French study reports that this syndrome accounts for 1.9 % of the population of strabismic patients , 53.5 % of patients are female , is unilateral in 78 % of cases , and the left eye ( 71.9 % ) is affected more frequently than the right . [ 14 ] Around 10–20 % of cases are familial ; these are more likely to be bilateral than non-familial Duane syndrome . Duane syndrome has no particular race predilection .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
How to sum up the perfect year of management ? After two decades as the affable nearly man , King Claudio finally conquered the biggest league of all in sensational circumstances . Joe Brewin assesses his role in Leicester 's triumph against the odds
We are part of The Trust Project What is it ?
They say if it ai n't broke do n't fix it . They also say if you always do what you 've always done , you 'll always get what you 've always got .
Whoever ‘ they ' are clearly do n't agree amongst themselves , but there are elements of both irksome clichés in Claudio Ranieri 's approach at Leicester last season .
The Italian did n't feature among FourFourTwo 's 50 best bosses last year , when his stock was at an all-time low following a disastrous but overstated spell as Greece boss , but this year it 's impossible not to feature him so high after 2015/16 's earth-shattering feats .
Leicester 's Premier League title was an absolute obliteration of natural order that shook English football to its core , and stuck two fingers up to the notion that the league 's Big Six could n't all be bested in the same year – by a team tipped for relegation , no less .
Ranieri enjoys his crowning from Kasper Schmeichel
Keep on running
I always thought the most important thing a good coach must do is build the team around the characteristics of his players . So I told the players that I trusted them and would speak very little of tactics - Claudio Ranieri
Ranieri inherited a stable situation from his predecessor Nigel Pearson , and he knew it – even if few others thought so , and in reality just staying up was the extent of expectations . It was a team that had won seven of its final nine games of 2014/15 to complete a hair-raising escape from relegation , and made three astute if unspectacular signings in Robert Huth , Christian Fuchs and Shinji Okazaki . N'Golo Kante was added later at the insistence of recruitment head Steve Walsh .
At first , Ranieri merely observed . The Italian changed little in terms of personnel – for starters he only brought in two staff members , keeping Walsh and Pearson 's trusted assistant Craig Shakespeare – although by the opening day he 'd implemented the season-sensation 4-4-2 from Pearson 's season-saving 3-5-2 . To begin with he chose to focus on his new team 's strong points : namely , the lung-busting industry that drove that end-of-season survival dash . Still , the 64-year-old whose career ( it is often forgotten ) had taken in huge , demanding spells with Napoli , Atletico Madrid , Valencia , Juventus , Roma and Inter , was forced to rein in his instincts quickly .
“ I arrived in August and started watching the recordings of their games from the previous season , ” he recalled . “ When speaking to the players , I realised they were afraid of Italian tactical approaches . What football means to an Italian coach is tactics , trying to control the game by following the ideas and systems of the manager .
Ranieri 's player-friendly regime kept his charges happy
“ They did n't seem convinced and neither was I. I have a lot of admiration for those who build tactical systems , but I always thought the most important thing a good coach must do is build the team around the characteristics of his players . So I told the players that I trusted them and would speak very little of tactics . It was important to me that they all ran hard , just as I 'd seen them running towards the end of last season . ”
Player power
He 's legendary . I would label him an example of how anyone should spur himself to achieve the impossible if you believe and all work towards the same goal - Ex-Juve 's Nicola Legrottaglie
Ranieri had his players onside early , and they never strayed beyond that line thereafter . Giving them two days off every week helped – Sundays and Wednesdays were freed up , Monday 's training was light , Tuesdays and Thursdays intense , and Friday reserved for tactical tweaking – but when he had their time , they gave him everything .
On the pitch it showed : Leicester 's hard running caught countless teams off guard , their devastating counter-attacks tearing open tight matches that could often have gone either way . The Foxes had their stars , of course – they came to be defined by Riyad Mahrez 's masterful wingplay , Jamie Vardy 's goals and Kante 's cardiovascular conquerings ( said Ranieri : “ I told him , 'One day , I 'm going to see you cross the ball and then finish it with a header yourself ' ” ) .
But really , it was a title won by the team that Claudio built . There was an obvious starting XI that the rest of the squad knew was near-impenetrable , but a collective spirit that shone around the bench and beyond too . When the players celebrated their title win at Vardy 's house , Gokhan Inler – of vast experience but , frustratingly for the Swiss , not in the Premier League , where he only made three starts last season – celebrated as keenly as the rest .
King of calm
We are Leicester . We are not a team like Manchester United , Chelsea or Manchester City - Claudio Ranieri
What 's even remarkable is just how comfortably Leicester won that title too . While no doubt in part down to the clumsy underachievements of those around them , the Foxes triumphed by 10 points – a feat previously managed by only three Premier Leagues teams ( even if Manchester United achieved it four times ) and not since Chelsea in 2004/05 .
Leicester 's rivals ' failings , however , are also indicative of a changing Premier League : one in which a rising middle class are strong enough to trouble the country 's traditional elite and few matches can be considered straightforward . Yet Ranieri 's side rode on in a way nobody else could , sometimes grinding their way to victory , sometimes completely destroying their overawed opponents .
An underrated high point of Leicester 's 2015/16
And yet , even as the matches became more excruciating to watch – five 1-0 victories in six games from late February to early April – the calmest head in every room was Ranieri 's .
He 'd shrugged off questions about winning for most of the season , despite secretly believing his team could do it after they 'd dismantled Manchester City 3-1 at the Etihad Stadium in February , and arguably it was that vital filtering of title talk out of his dressing room that impressed most about his management last year . Sure , most of his players had been in a title fight before , but not like this .
Even when the title had been won , and Leicester were preparing for their penultimate game of the season against Everton knowing they would lift the Premier League trophy that evening , Ranieri had jokingly threatened to “ kill them with my bare hands , I will throttle them ” if they eased off for the Toffees ' visit . They won 3-1 , and should have doubled their tally at least .
“ It 's not easy for us , ” Ranieri admitted in March . “ We are Leicester . We are not a team like Manchester United , Chelsea or Manchester City . We ca n't say with five points or eight points clear it will be finished . ”
He was right about them not being like those other teams . They were winners – his winners .
50-46 • 45-41 • 40-36 • 35-31 • 30-26 • 25-21 • 20 • 19 • 18 • 17 • 16 • 15 • 14 • 13 • 12 • 11 • 10 • 9 • 8 • 7 • 6 • 5 • 4 • 3 • 2 • 1
FourFourTwo 's 50 Best Football Managers in the World 2016
Your first name
Mercatus Center Director Tyler Cowen suffered a pepper-spray attack at the hands of a deranged man on Wednesday at George Mason University , where he teaches economics .
According to ArlNow.com , a white man in his 20s or 30s intruded on Cowen 's 3 p.m. class , declaring that he was placing the author under a citizen 's arrest . Cowen asked him to leave — and in the ensuing brouhaha , the man pepper-sprayed Cowen right in the face .
Arlington police arrested the man shortly afterwards , after an off-duty officer heard the fight — and a GMU student subdued the suspect as he tried to escape the scene .
Arlington County Police spokesman Dustin Sternbeck said Cowen did n't know the man . Paramedics treated Cowen and a dozen other students affected by the pepper spray at the scene .
Cowen played off the ordeal on Twitter , joking that he was headed back to work as if nothing had happened .
Back to work ! ( as usual ) … — tylercowen ( @ tylercowen ) March 26 , 2014
How the suspect so easily gained access to Cowen 's classroom is unclear .
This story is developing .
Follow Katie on Twitter
Opening The Eyes of the World : The Year Mauro Icardi Breaks Through on a Global Scale
Matthew Santangelo Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 18 , 2017
Image : AP : Associated Press
Football 's evolution over the years has welcomed the advancement of individual roles on the pitch , and the way for which they are played ; social media , gifs and video analysis content have also furthered the way we judge players , while also altering the overall perception we have on the individual qualities they possess . Yet , while short clips , excessive emoji usage and cutting edge content have staked their claim in modern football 's assessment of talent , there is no disputing the reliability and accuracy behind studying players over the course of a match , a season , and , eventually , an entire career as the most accurate way to decide whether or not they should be put into the upper echelon . Ultimately , it 's the eye-test , the results gathered from it and the hypothesis made that still prevail when determining who the best of the best are at their respective positions .
When speaking on world football 's top strikers today , the likes of Robert Lewandowski ( Bayern Munich , Poland ) , Luis Suarez ( Barcelona , Uruguay ) , Karim Benzema ( Real Madrid , France ) , Edinson Cavani ( Paris Saint-Germain , Uruguay ) and Gonzalo Higuain ( Juventus , Argentina ) are among the first that come to mind . Each has produced to an elite standard over the course of at least five years in Europe 's top leagues , burying goal after goal at all levels , while also delivering the goods at the biggest international tournaments the world has to offer . Yet , there is one individual plying his trade in the fashion capital of the world , who , in 2017–18 , may in fact break through into the conversation as one of football 's top world-beating number nines : Inter 's Mauro Icardi .
Hailing from Rosario , Argentina , Icardi started his footballing career in Spain after Barcelona , in 2007 , beat Real Madrid , Valencia , Sevilla , Arsenal and Liverpool to the punch for his coveted signature . Climbing the Catalan ranks , eventually , the Argentine moved on loan in January 2011 to Sampdoria . Over the course of an impressive six-month spell with the Blucerchiati 's Primavera side , Icardi buried goals at an alarming rate ; 13 goals in 19 matches , eventually making the club 's decision to exercise a cost-effective €400.000 option in July 2011 easy on the mind . Just one full season with the Genoese outfit in 2012–13 was all it took for the budding young star to prove he is worth , bagging a solid 10 goals as a Serie A debutant . Pouncing on the youngster before continental Europe learned of his limitless potential , Inter swooped in to secure his services for the 2013–14 season , agreeing on a transfer fee with Sampdoria for a friendly €6,5 million for 50 % of his rights that would later become 100 % .
Since scoring nine goals in his first campaign with the Nerazzurri , Icardi 's rapid ascent at the club level on the Peninsula has been nothing short of excellent . As one of the top producing forwards , the 24-year old has already accomplished quite a bit as a professional in Milano : 94 league goals , one Capocannoniere ( Serie A 's Golden Boot ) in 2014–15 shared with Luca Toni and the bearer of Inter 's captaincy .
So , by the look of his CV , and the abilities embedded inside his tattooed-laden body , the precociously talented Mauro Icardi should be in the conversation as one of the best hitman in football , right ?
Interisti and the passionate Ultras of the Curva Nord , though they 've been critical of his controversial autobiography , are fully supportive of their striker , his tenacity and killer instinct to score against big opponents . Even Icardi 's harshest critics from opposing fanbases would likely put banter aside , refrain from biased opinions backed by rivalry and concede that the forward is elite . But , perhaps what 's kept Icardi from earning the same praise and glorification the likes of Lewandowski and Cavani receive is due to the Argentine 's absence from representing his country . Mauro 's exclusion from representing his nation stems from his controversial marriage with Wanda Nara , who split from Sampdoria teammate Maxi Lopez in 2013 after word spread of her affair with the Inter man . Rumours surfaced in late-2016 that Lionel Messi was behind Icardi 's absence and the reason the Nerazzurri star has been frozen out and only holds one international cap to his name . Former National Team boss Edgardo Bauza firmly denied his off-field love life factored into his decisions , though that is up for debate considering the fact Icardi 's been scoring with conviction , and possesses all the means to be a mainstay for the Argentina National Team .
Finally , after more than three years , on 19 May 2017 , Icardi received his long-overdue call-up to the national side by newly appointed coach Jorge Sampaoli . Better late than never I suppose .
Last October , Inter 's new owners Suning made their intentions clear : they valued their captain , and considered him the main pillar for the new era . As a result , a deal was reached to keep Icardi at the club until 2021 . Included in the new contract was an astronomical buy-out clause of €110 million , which , given the going rate for young , proven goal-scorers with his prime years still ahead of him , does n't feel all that ridiculous to slap onto a talent like Icardi .
In 2017–18 , the Serie A promises to have it 's best season in nearly a decade as Juventus — current six-time Scudetto champions — could have their reign threatened by the likes of Napoli , Roma or even AC Milan provided their massive summer spending spree renders the results necessary for a top finish . Though Inter 's fall from grace since winning the treble in 2010 under Jose Mourinho still follows them here in 2017 , the Club has begun adding the pieces around their star man to contend for a coveted UEFA Champions League spot . Because Italy 's top league has lagged behind the Bundesliga , Premier League and La Liga , the attention and romanticizing once associated with Serie A in the 90s has worn off over the years . However , the upcoming campaign shapes to be one of the most competitive Italian football supporters has seen in years ; this bodes well for not only the league 's global reputation , but also for it 's top stars like Mauro Icardi who will benefit greatly from the broadened audience likely to tune to -hopefully- see Serie A 's revival .
What 's prevented Icardi from receiving widespread praise as one of football 's elite strikers over the years results from factors ranging to his personal life and his non-existence on the international stage . Undisputedly , the talent — along with the numbers to support- has always been there . However , because of Inter 's shortcomings of the last five years , Serie A 's diminished global appeal outside the Peninsula , and his prolonged absence for the National Team , Icardi 's been sitting somewhere in between elite and world class . There is reason to believe this is the year will cement himself as one of the game 's top number nines . He 's the heart of an Inter side determined for domestic resurrection , and Sampaoli 's opened the door , once shut on him , to write his own history for La Albiceleste entering a World Cup year .
Opening the eyes of the world , 2017–18 will be the year Mauro Icardi breaks through on a global scale .
Happier times : Tony Abbott with Fiona Scott during the election campaign in 2013 . In an email titled `` Liberal Party values '' , Cr Cornish writes that in Mr Turnbull 's government `` there has already , quietly , been major policy changes that most would consider more Labor than Liberal '' . `` Our sovereignty has been signed away at the United Nations by Malcolm Turnbull , [ Foreign Affairs Minister ] Julie Bishop and [ Defence Minister ] Senator Marise Payne , '' he writes . `` Now UN laws override Australian laws thus dictating what countries our refugee and immigration intake come from . '' `` Former prime minister Tony Abbott agreed to take in 12,000 persecuted minority refugees , mostly being Christian . Malcolm Turnbull has already changed that to being 12,000 mostly Muslims , who clearly do not assimilate to the Australian way of life and our laws , '' he says .
( Mr Abbott denied Christians would be given preferential treatment , saying : `` It 's those who can never go back that we 're focused on . '' ) Cr Cornish goes on to `` strongly question the Liberal Party 's direction in regard to conservative values '' . `` It currently shows little difference with the aims and objectives of the Labor Party , that being the removal of religion and replacing it with government founded [ sic ] tolerance of everything , climate control , over control of our everyday life and the erasing of our heritage and way of life through wanting to change our flag and changing our head of state to a corruptible president , '' he says . Cr Cornish also attacks Lindsay MP Fiona Scott over last year 's leadership change that saw Mr Turnbull become Prime Minister . `` Fiona Scott was only elected due to the hard work and support of Tony Abbott , '' he writes .
`` His many campaign visits to Lindsay along with his 'sex appeal comment ' got Fiona just over the line , only to have her stab him in the back for his hard work and party loyalty . '' Cr Cornish has been approached for comment . Meanwhile , Liberal fighting is set to explode in the seat of Hughes , where Sutherland Shire councillor Kent Johns is preparing to challenge incumbent Liberal MP Craig Kelly . Supporters of Mr Kelly , a right winger , are predicting Cr Johns , from the left , will be embarrassed when he is required to give evidence in court in an apprehended violence order matter involving the state MP for Holsworthy , Melanie Gibbons . The February 29 hearing will examine allegations that a member of the Moorebank branch , Jose Stojcevski , yelled `` I 'll kill you '' at Ms Gibbons during a meeting in October last year .
Mr Stojcevski 's lawyer has previously dismissed the allegation as `` unfounded , frivolous and vexatious '' . But the hearing will come shortly after the close of nominations for the seat on February 19 and amid the preselection process . Cr Johns said he could not comment on a court matter . As well , later this month a supporter of Mr Kelly , Liverpool councillor Peter Ristevski , is facing a Liberal Party disciplinary hearing . On January 29 , Cr Ristevski - vice president of the Moorebank branch - will be given 10 minutes to argue before the state executive why he should not be suspended over a radio interview he gave last November .
During the interview , Cr Ristevski mentioned Ms Gibbons ' 2012 conviction for failing to lodge election donation returns , for which she was placed on a 15-month good behaviour bond . Cr Ristevski also mentioned a brawl over the attendance at a party fundraiser for Ms Gibbons of his friend , convicted criminal Tony `` The Falcon '' Atanasovski . Cr Ristevski said in the interview that Atanasovski disputed claims that party officials had torn up his credit card payment at the fundraiser and said the party had in fact accepted his contribution . He said this `` could open up a can of worms for [ Ms Gibbons ] '' . The Liberal Party has since sent a $ 160 cheque to Atanasovski - effectively returning his donation , which it claims was never processed .
Atanasovski has referred the matter to the NSW Electoral Commission , saying the party breached funding laws by not issuing him a receipt . It has asked the commission to investigate Ms Gibbons over the fundraiser . The commission is conducting a preliminary review . The full email from Cr Cornish Liberal Party Values
It is with great sadness I write to you today to inform you of the betrayal of Liberal Party values at both Local and Federal Government levels . At the September Mayoral elections in Penrith Council , left wing Liberal Councillors did a deal with Labor to elect a Labor Mayor over a Liberal Party member . I find this to be a betrayal of the Liberal Party membership and values . If the members of the Liberal Party wanted Labor in power they would have joined the Labor Party not the Liberal Party . What concerns me even more is the Labor person they voted for is from the left of Labor who previously worked for a far left wing Labor state Senator . This gifting of power to Labor reeks of self interest and ignores the values of the Liberal Party reducing Liberal Party membership from influencing policy and decisions to being mere booth workers and puppets , much like the Labor Party . In regard to our Federal Government there has already , quietly , been major policy changes that most would consider more Labor than Liberal . Our sovereignty has been signed away at the United Nations by Malcolm Turnbull , Julie Bishop and Senator Marise Payne . Now UN laws override Australian laws thus dictating what countries our refugee and immigration intake come from . Former Prime Minister Tony Abbott agreed to take in 12,000 persecuted minority refugees , mostly being Christian , Malcolm Turnbull has already changed that to being 12,000 mostly Muslims , who clearly do not assimilate to the Australian way of life and our laws .
I , as are many , am deeply disappointed in the Member for Lindsay Fiona Scott for voting against Tony Abbott as prime minister . Fiona Scott was only elected due to the hard work and support of Tony Abbott . His many campaign visits to Lindsay along with his “ sex appeal comment ” got Fiona just over the line , only to have her stab him in the back for his hard work and party loyalty . Our children and grandchildren 's futures rely on the decisions that are made today . I stand by the democratic principle that “ Government is there to represent the majority bearing in mind the needs of the minorities ” not the other way around . I strongly question the Liberal Party 's direction in regard to conservative values . It currently shows little difference with the aims and objectives of the Labor Party , that being the removal of religion and replacing it with government founded tolerance of everything , climate control , over control of our everyday life and the erasing of our heritage and way of life through wanting to change our flag and changing our head of state to a corruptible President . The majority of members of the Liberal Party are Conservative . However only an elite few are permitted to vote for candidates for elections and policies , these positions are tightly held by the factions . Factions are Parties within Parties .
Currently there is only 1 conservative sitting on state executive , the over 20 others are either Michael Photios 's hard left or Alex Hawke 's soft left . I fear by the time true representation in the Liberal Party is restored , the majority of the things we believe in will be removed from our way of life leaving a multigenerational uphill battle for our children and their children to try to rectify . Speaking out about our direction was once called Democracy . Councillor Marcus Cornish
( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik )
( CNSNews.com ) - The federal government taxed more , spent more , and ran a bigger deficit in the first two months of fiscal 2016 than it did in the first two months of fiscal 2015 , according estimates the CBO published yesterday .
The federal fiscal year begins on Oct. 1 and ends on Sept. 30 .
The increase in federal spending in the first two months of fiscal 2016 was largely driven by increased expenditures on Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . The increase in taxation was driven by increases in individual income tax and payroll tax payments .
“ The federal budget deficit was $ 200 billion for the first two months of fiscal year 2016 , the Congressional Budget Office estimates , ” said the report . “ That deficit was $ 22 billion larger than the one recorded during the same period last year . Revenues and outlays were both higher than last year 's amounts , by 3 percent and 6 percent , respectively . ”
( Screen capture )
“ Receipts through November totaled $ 416 billion , CBO estimates— $ 12 billion more than the amount for the same period last year , ” said the report .
“ Individual income taxes and payroll ( social insurance ) taxes together rose by $ 19 billion ( or 6 percent ) , ” said CBO . “ Increases in amounts withheld from workers ' paychecks— $ 16 billion ( or 5 percent ) —accounted for the bulk of that gain . Total wage and salary income and withheld taxes have both grown at about that same rate in recent quarters . ”
Part of the increase in spending , CBO said , was the result of the increase in Medicaid built into Obamacare .
“ Outlays for the first two months of fiscal year 2016 were $ 616 billion , or $ 34 billion higher than they were during the same period last year , CBO estimates , ” said CBO .
“ Outlays for the three largest mandatory programs increased by 7 percent , ” said the report . “ Social Security benefits rose by $ 7 billion ( or 5 percent ) , reflecting typical recent growth in the number of beneficiaries and their average benefits .
“ Medicare spending increased by $ 8 billion ( or 9 percent ) , some of which reflects the fact that the payment made to prescription drug plans each fall to account for unanticipated spending increases in the preceding calendar year was larger in 2015 than in 2014 , ” said the report .
“ Outlays for Medicaid rose by $ 6 billion ( or 12 percent ) , largely because of new enrollees added through the optional expansion of coverage authorized by the Affordable Care Act , ” said CBO .
As of the close of business on Friday , Dec. 4 , the total federal debt was $ 18,786,830,545,682.60 , according to the U.S. Treasury .
The Census Bureau says that there were 117,748,000 households in the United States as of September . Thus , the $ 18,786,830,545,682.60 in federal debt equals approximately $ 159,551.16 for each household in the United States .
Mike Godwin has deep roots in Texas , where his interests in journalism and the internet began . He earned his Plan II Honors degree from the University of Texas at Austin , then returned for law school and was elected editor of The Daily Texan in the late 1980s . During that time , he came up with his now-famous adage : `` As an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one . ''
Godwin has long been on the forefront of online media . He was the first staff hire of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a non-profit founded in 1990 that focuses on defending civil liberties in the digital world , and has worked with the Wikimedia Foundation . The author and attorney has written and edited for a wide variety of publications , including Wired and Reason .
Godwin 's Law of Nazi Analogies seems especially relevant now . President Donald Trump , whose administration has been compared to 1930s Germany , has himself wondered on Twitter , `` Are we living in Nazi Germany ? '' Is it fair to compare Trump to Hitler ?
If you have substantive criticisms of Donald Trump in which you think it 's relevant to bring up the Nazis or Hitler , then you have the right . I support your right to do that . But the memory of the Holocaust and the memory of the Nazis require that we should be thoughtful about it . And that 's my position .
The reason Godwin 's Law has any currency in popular culture and on the internet is that I do n't come in and decide to be the arbitrator of whether or not the comparisons are decent or not . I just do n't . Because I believe fundamentally in an individual 's ability to make judgments if they work at it , I 'm not going to tell them what to think . They can figure out what to think , and I trust individuals ' ability to do that , even though I know a lot of individuals do n't exercise that .
More than ever before , this election was heavily influenced by social media , including the rapid spread of fake news . Has this election changed the way you look at the internet and democracy ?
I take a pretty long view about this stuff . As more and more people have gotten on the internet and onto social media , and learn how easy it is to be heard and learn how easy it is to reach out to people , and even to stir other people up , I think one of the consequences of that has been more anger and divisiveness and more thoughtlessness .
One way to think about this is that when teenage boys go through puberty and get taller and stronger and have more energy , they generally get into more fights . If adults got into as many fights as a 12- or 13-year-old boy , you know , we would n't have a society . In a way , our culture is going through its early adolescence in terms of the internet . You have this new sense of power . You have this energy , you are finally able to make yourself felt in the world , and a lot of people naturally do n't have the kind of moral or ethical framework yet to be civilized about how they engage on the internet .
Illinois needs a taxpayer bill of rights
Illinoisans need a taxpayer bill of rights so that politicians must ask permission from voters if they want to raise taxes .
Illinois politicians proved again in the spring 2016 legislative session that they are not interested in protecting the financial interests of Illinois taxpayers . As in previous legislative sessions , their familiar tax-and-spend proposals all centered around taking more money from Illinois taxpayers .
Illinoisans need a taxpayer bill of rights so that politicians must ask permission from voters if they want to raise taxes .
Colorado adopted a Taxpayer Bill of Rights , or TABOR , as an amendment to the Colorado Constitution . The Colorado TABOR requires any government to seek voter approval before imposing a new tax or raising existing tax rates . The TABOR also contains a formula that determines how much in taxes a government can collect in a year , based on increases in population and inflation . If more revenues are collected than the formula allows , then the governing entity is required to reimburse the excess money back to the taxpayers .
A provision in Colorado 's TABOR allows excess revenues to be kept by the government if the taxpayers give voter approval through a ballot initiative . Anytime there is a proposal to raise taxes or keep excess tax revenues , the ballot must provide the following : information on the governing entity 's current and previous four years of spending , the proposed tax increase in percentages and estimated dollar amounts , and summaries of support for and opposition to the proposed tax increase .
Despite the high tax burden already borne by Illinoisans , politicians made several attempts to raise taxes on Illinois residents during the spring 2016 legislative session , including :
All of these tax proposals could have become law , and taxpayers had no direct way of preventing it . In fact , there are currently no protections in place to stop politicians from raising taxes to support out-of-control spending .
Taxpayers in Illinois already suffer under the burden of some of the highest property taxes in the nation . Residents of Chicago , in particular , are the most-taxed residents of any major city in Illinois , and they have the highest sales tax among major U.S. cities .
If Illinois had a taxpayer bill of rights , the government would n't be able to suddenly impose taxes on residents without their approval . This would allow businesses and residents to know their long-term tax liabilities and to budget accordingly . Taxpayers would also benefit from having a more efficient and transparent government because the taxpayer bill of rights would require politicians to disclose how they spend taxpayer money .
Illinois residents have spent too much time under a government notorious for irresponsible tax-and-spend policies that hurt Illinoisans . A taxpayer bill of rights would be a win for Illinois taxpayers .
The nominations for the Sky Bet Championship Player of the Month award for February .
This is a second straight nomination for Ighalo , the instinctive marksman who scored six goals in five games during February . The 25-year-old displayed his full array of finishing with a snapshot against Blackburn Rovers , a header and a volley at Brentford and a smooth strike at Bolton Wanderers.Ince has rediscovered his zest since his move to Derby County . His superb free-kick against Bolton Wanderers triggered a string of classy goals , with a neat curler at Rotherham United the pick of his other five strikes.Lansbury was the fulcrum of Forest 's stellar February with goals in five successive games - including two free-kicks and a stunning effort against Wigan Athletic - allied to defensive diligence , consistency and new maturity as he assumed the captaincy.An all-action month for the Italian who spent it diving all over the place in a one-man show of defiance . Fine reaction saves against Brentford , Reading and Brighton were bettered by a series of stops to preserve a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough.The winners will be announced on Friday .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What impact does immigration have on jobs and public services in the UK ? Norman Smith reports
Net migration to the UK is at an all-time high , reaching 330,000 in the year to March , the Office for National Statistics has said .
The figure - the difference between the number entering the country and those leaving - is more than three times higher than the government 's target .
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire called the rise `` deeply disappointing '' .
Figures also show 8.3m people were born abroad - 13 % of the UK population - the first time the number has passed 8m .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the `` figures reflect 'Borderless Britain ' and total impotence of the British government '' and called on the prime minister to negotiate controls on migration from EU countries .
Reaction : UK migration reaches record high
UK migration figures 330,000 Net migration to UK , in year ending March 2015 28 % Increase since March 2014 10,000 higher than previous peak in 2005
61 % of EU immigrants who wanted work had definite jobs to go to
9,000 fewer people have emigrated since 2014
It is the fifth consecutive quarterly rise in the net migration figure - with increases in arrivals from both inside and outside the EU .
Net migration of EU citizens was 183,000 , up 53,000 from the year ending March 2014 .
The number of those arriving from countries outside the EU was still larger , with net migration measured at 196,000 , up 39,000 on a year earlier .
Expansion of the EU and the relatively fast recovery of Britain 's economy are seen as key factors in the trend .
About two-thirds of the EU migrants were said to be workers , and a fifth student . Among the migrants from outside the EU , about a half were students , a quarter worker , and one sixth family members .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Immigration Minister James Brokenshire MP says that reducing net migration is still an `` ambition ''
Among the other ONS findings based on the latest figures were :
Fewer people are leaving the UK , with emigration numbers dropping by 9,000 year-on-year
Other than EU countries , the nation with the highest number of citizens migrating to the UK in the 12 months to June was China , with 89,593 arrivals
India is the most common non-UK country of birth in the UK population - 793,000 UK residents were born in India
Polish is the most common non-British nationality , with 853,000 residents ( including those born in the UK ) describing their nationality as Polish
8.4 % of UK residents - 5.3 million people - have a non-British nationality
53,000 Romanian and Bulgarian citizens moved to the UK in the last year - almost double the 28,000 in the previous 12 months
There were 25,771 asylum applications in the year to June 2015 , an increase of 10 % compared with the previous 12 months
A total of 11,600 people were granted asylum or an alternative form of protection . The peak was in 2002 when there were 84,000 applications , of which 28,400 people were allowed to stay in the UK
In 2011 , Prime Minister David Cameron said in a speech that he was giving a `` no ifs , no buts '' promise that he would bring immigration numbers down to `` levels our country can manage '' .
During the election campaign he reiterated this promise and said he would not `` cave in '' and abandon the target .
BBC 's political correspondent Ross Hawkins said there were `` lots of figures , but no cheer for a prime minister who promised he would reduce immigration to levels the country could manage '' .
`` His ambition on migration is fast turning into a political embarrassment , '' he added .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption UKIP leader Nigel Farage blames the EU for the increase in net migration
After the latest set of figures , the government insisted it was acting to control immigration but said the EU needed to do more to help ease the current migrant crisis across Europe .
Mr Brokenshire said that the `` reliance that business continues to place on migrant labour '' and students staying in the UK after they had finished their studies , were two potential reasons for the rise .
`` Current flows of people across Europe are on a scale we have n't seen since the end of World War Two . This is not sustainable and risks the future economic development of other EU member states , '' he added .
'Morally wrong '
Yvette Cooper , Labour 's shadow home secretary , said David Cameron `` needs to stop the dishonesty over his failed immigration target '' .
She said : `` All his overblown rhetoric has achieved is a decline in public confidence as the electorate are faced with more broken promises .
`` But most troubling of all , the net migration target treats immigration and asylum as the same . That is morally wrong and is preventing Britain playing its part in responding to the terrible refugee crisis that stems from Syria and has spread across Europe .
The Institute of Directors and think tank British Future said Mr Cameron was `` punishing businesses '' by trying to fulfil promises to cut immigration .
Meanwhile , Jamil Dhanji an immigration barrister told the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme migrants were not coming to the UK to claim benefits .
`` Migrants I see are not coming to this country for that reason , '' he said .
Earlier this week the government announced more details of its new Immigration Bill , which is due to be introduced in the autumn .
Under the legislation , illegal immigrants caught working in the UK could face up to six months in prison and late-night takeaways and off-licences will face closure if they are found employing foreigners who have no legal right to be in the country .
BioShock creator Ken Levine took the stage at EGX Rezzed in London today for a look back over his career so far , in a conversation with Eurogamer 's Oli Welsh .
Afterwards , I met with Levine for a look forwards towards his next project - the as-yet untitled game which will be the first from Levine 's new , smaller studio Ghost Story .
We 've heard snippets of information in the past about how this new project is a reaction to how traditional story-led games - particularly ones made on huge budgets which take years to finish - are made .
Levine has used the term `` narrative Lego '' to describe a story-based game which can be replayed multiple times for a different experience . During his conversation on stage with Oli , he also mentioned how he wanted to push back on the notion that big budget games must be focus tested and easily understood by a wide audience .
It is this more hardcore audience of gamers that this new game is being made for , Levine said .
`` We 're less concerned with making sure this is as smooth an experience ... '' Levine trails off . `` I mean , we worked hard on BioShock and BioShock Infinite to make it fairly frictionless . I 've been inspired by games which are comfortable with a little friction , which does n't hand you things , which tests you both with difficulty and how it works . How things work are n't laid for you .
`` It is also going to be a more difficult experience , more challenging to the gamer than the last two games we 've done , '' he added - BioShock and BioShock Infinite . ( BioShock 2 was made by a separate team . )
`` The impetus [ for change was ] you spent five years on a game which people finish in a weekend , '' Levine continued . `` I 'm really envious of games like Civilization which I 've played for a very long time . A lot of games now are built to maintain a long relationship with the gamer . My games have n't really had that . So this appealed to me . ''
Levine 's conversation with Oli also touched on how all games change through development - and that this was no bad thing . More to the point , a game often only comes together in its final stages as the realities and pressures of finishing a project prompt tough decisions to be made - when you have a `` gun to your head '' , Levine put it .
But Levine is no longer at a big studio with an even bigger publisher breathing down his neck . He will have to police himself , and his studio police him . Who will hold the gun to Levine 's head now ?
`` It 's very important we [ all ] do , '' he said . `` We 're part of Take-Two - we 're not being published by 2K but are owned by Take-Two - and they 're very generous with us in terms of giving us space and time . We think to make good games you do need to have an entrepreneurial spirit of 'what are the constraints we 're giving ourselves and 'when is this game going to end ? ' And really strive to do that . Because often if you do n't pose constraints things tend to go pear-shaped .
`` They are self-imposed constraints but we take them very , very seriously because it makes us better developers .
`` We 're not going to ship anything we do n't think is awesome and we are fortunate we do n't have to , but when you set a time for yourself it forces yourself to make decisions , and that 's when the great work is done , when you really have to make those decisions . We 've actually just gone through another scheduling pass recently and the team found it a really positive experience - it forced us to really say 'what is this game ' , what stays , what goes , what 's important . I found that to be a very helpful process . ''
The specifics of Ghost Story 's game remain under wraps - and it sounds like they will for a while . All this promise of narrative Lego and of changing the way people play story-led games generates big expectations . And in a post-No Man 's Sky World , it 's an issue all developers are aware of .
`` [ That 's ] one of the main reasons we 're not communicating right now , '' Levine answers . `` Game development is a perilous process especially when you 're out there talking about . Things change from under you .
`` Ideally , and I do n't know , but ideally we 'd want to just say 'here it is , go check it out ' , '' he teases . `` But we 're really not going to be talking about this thing publicly until we have a high degree of certainty of what it 's going to look and feel like . ''
A spill of molasses as a ship was being loaded in Honolulu this week has killed virtually all the fish in the harbor , according to published reports .
HawaiiNewsNow says scuba divers sent to document the damage from Monday\ 's spill found no living sealife . \ ” There\ 's nothing alive down there at all . Everything down there is dead , \ ” the report quoted Roger White of Cool Blue Scuba as saying .
The deputy director of Hawaii\ 's Environmental Health Division called the molasses spill \ ” the worst environmental damage to sea life that I have come across , \ ” according to the report .
The spill was caused by a leak in a pipeline carrying the molasses to a ship owned by Matson Inc. .
A spokesman for Matson told the Los Angeles Times that there\ 's little that can be done . \ ” It 's sunk to the bottom of the harbor . Unlike oil , which can be cleaned from the surface , molasses sinks , \ ” Matson spokesman Jeff Hull told the paper .
The shipping company\ 's shares were off 0.8 % Thursday , in line with the Dow Jones Transportation Average , of which they\ 're a member . Matson is up 12 % for the year , lagging the 23 % year-to-date gains for the transports . Activist-hedge fund manager Bill Ackman , through his Pershing Square Capital Management , owns about 0.5 % of the stock after slashing his stake by over 2.8 million shares in the second quarter .
The spill occurred in the industrial harbor district , a few miles west of the popular Waikiki beach tourist area .
In 1919 , a molasses tank explosion in Boston killed 21 people and sent an 8 to 15 foot high wave of the substance flowing through the city\ 's North End .
See HawaiiNewsNow report here .
See Los Angeles Times report here .
— Tom Bemis
Follow The Tell @ thetellblog
Follow Tom Bemis @ TomBemis
`` Mark Scheifele is going to be the captain of this hockey team at some point in his career for sure , '' Maurice told Sportsnet . `` He is , in so many ways , the driver of that offense .
`` It 's really refreshing in sport to see somebody that young , that mature , that grounded , who can have fun and drive himself every single day . You do n't have to ask him to get off the couch and take the garbage out ; it 's out , it 's done , he 's washed your car and he 's ready to go to work . And he 's done it at a young age . He 's just great to be around . ''
When Scheifele , 24 , may become captain is the question . Forward Blake Wheeler , who has been with the Jets since 2011 , was named captain prior to last season and has two seasons remaining on his contract .
`` Blake Wheeler is absolutely the right guy , and I could talk to you for an hour about this guy , '' Maurice said of the 31-year-old who had 74 points last season . `` There 's a level of consistency that these elite guys have , and Blake Wheeler has that . He 's special . ''
Scheifele was an alternate captain last season and finished seventh in the NHL with 82 points ( 32 goals , 50 assists ) . His goals and points have increased each season since 2013-14 .
`` If you get a chance to spend some time with this guy , this is the guy you want your kids to grow up to be , he is that good a person , '' Maurice said . `` He does everything he possibly can to become a better hockey player and then does it with a smile on his face . There are lots of those guys who grind through their life and kind of grumble about how hard they 've got to work . Mark does all that and enjoys every minute of it . ''
One of Donald Trump 's most consistent positions throughout the presidential election was that he would not , under any circumstances , cut Social Security . Let 's roll the tape :
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security , Medicare & Medicaid . Huckabee copied me . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 7 , 2015
`` I am going to save Social Security without any cuts . I know where to get the money from . Nobody else does . '' - my @ SRQRepublicans speech — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 22 , 2015
He 's even challenged other Republicans on the issue , telling WROK radio in Wisconsin , “ Paul [ Ryan ] wants to knock out Social Security , knock it down , way down . He wants to knock Medicare way down . … I want to keep Social Security intact . … I 'm not going to cut it , and I 'm not going to raise ages , and I 'm not going to do all of the things that they want to do . But they want to really cut it , and they want to cut it very substantially , the Republicans , and I 'm not going to do that . ”
But reports indicated that his new budget , set to be unveiled Tuesday , will violate this promise in a rather flagrant fashion . Axios 's Jonathan Swan reports that the 2018 budget proposal will include $ 1.7 trillion in cuts to mandatory spending programs over the next 10 years , `` from programs including SNAP ( food stamps ) , CHIP ( Children 's Health Insurance Program ) , and SSDI ( Disability Insurance ) . '' But Swan obfuscates the issue by saying the plan , `` wo n't reform Social Security or Medicare — in line with his campaign promise . ”
Let 's be extremely clear about something : SSDI stands for Social Security Disability Insurance . It is part of the Social Security program . While in the public mind , “ Social Security ” usually connotes payments you receive in retirement based on your prior earnings , Social Security also encompasses a program compensating past workers who develop disabilities that prevent them from participating in the workforce . That 's disability insurance , the program that Trump 's budget is set to cut .
The DI program is more politically vulnerable than Old-Age and Survivors ' Insurance ( OASI ) , the retirement component of Social Security . The elderly are extremely well-organized through the AARP and other groups , and have impressive voter turnout , whereas disabled people tend to be low-income and , because they are incapable of working , lack political voice through unions and other groups .
Due primarily to demographic factors , the program grew in enrollment in recent years . It 's since leveled off , but the growth has led to the program being targeted for cuts , with some mainstream news outlets like This American Life and the Washington Post issuing stories arguing that it 's become a magnet for abuse . Former Social Security Administration commissioners , who actually ran the program , have strongly challenged this narrative , noting that fewer than 40 percent of people who apply get benefits , and many people who do have disabilities are rejected ; many rejected applicants spend years appealing and reapplying until they can get help .
Benefits are typically quite modest . In March 2017 , the average monthly benefit for a disabled worker was $ 1,171.52 , or little over $ 14,000 a year .
There are definitely steps that can be taken to help disabled people find and keep work . Letting disabled people with above-poverty earnings buy into Medicaid , so they can get long-term supports and services that help them keep working , would be a good step , as would subsidize jobs for disabled people , more funding for vocational rehab programs , and a partial disability benefit available for disabled people who can work part-time if they get some additional assistance .
But all these things cost money . They require actually investing in reducing barriers that keep people with severe disabilities out of the workforce . And they require not actively cutting Medicaid , as Trump and Republicans ' health care plan would do to the tune of $ 880 billion — another case where Trump was flagrantly breaking a campaign pledge .
By contrast , simply hacking and slashing at the disability program without doing anything to ease the transition into work is guaranteed to worsen hardship among people with disabilities . It breaks a crucial campaign promise of Trump 's , and does so in a particularly cruel fashion .
In a post over at Xbox Wire , Adam Fletcher , Director of Community from the Coalition , announced the release date for Gears of War 4 :
Gears fans , mark your calendars , as the next chapter in the Lancer-revving Gears of War saga is set to begin on Oct. 11 with the release of Gears of War 4 .
It 's been almost a year since Gears of War 4 made its global debut at E3 2015 , and today 's announcement is set to ignite a chain of upcoming revelations about what 's in store for JD Fenix and the next generation of Gears heroes .
Gears of War 4 marks the beginning of an epic new saga for one of gaming 's most celebrated franchises , as a new band of heroes rises to confront a fearsome new threat . Harkening back to the dark and intense roots of the original classic , fans can expect a familiar , yet distinct evolution of gameplay , including brutal and intimate action , a heart-pounding campaign , genre-defining multiplayer and stunning visuals powered by Unreal Engine 4 .
Eager to get a taste of Gears of War 4 before October ? Do n't miss the multiplayer beta kicking off this month !
Beginning on April 18 , fans who 've played Gears of War : Ultimate Edition on Xbox One or Windows 10 will be able to join the beta on Xbox One , which will expand to all Xbox Live Gold members on April 25 . For more information on what to expect from the beta , check out our recent announcement highlighting the full details , and stay tuned to Xbox Wire and GearsofWar.com for more exciting news in the coming weeks and months .
Blood Sweat and Gear Episode 01- Meet the crew . Skip Hill and S2H are back ... ” And we 're back ! ” lol . Along with Scott McNally . Scott introduces the guys to the ARN community and from there we dive into questions from the Advices Radio forum . First up , S2H 's carb plan for DNP , then micro dosing insulin , GH timing , How to motivate someone that is not motivated , thoughts on MENT ( Trestolone ) , Gear for females , Discoloring of fingernails and toenails , plus a ton of antics that ca n't be summed up here . Tune in for some laughs and maybe learn a thing or two in the process . Check us out at AdvicesRadio.com or iTunes , on the network feed “ Advices Radio ” . BSG is presented by Naps Gear
Ken Skip Hill - http : //www.teamskip.net , http : //www.intensemuscle.com
S2H - http : //advancedtrainingtech.com
Download MP3
Ostankino Tower the largest television and radio tower in Moscow , Russia , owned by Moscow branch of unitary enterprise Russian TV and Radio Broadcasting Network . Name comes from Ostankino district of Moscow in which it is located . This giant was featured in many movies , series but also famous games like Metro 2033 . The height of this giant tower is 540.1 metres , while the masterpiece was designed by Nikolai Nikitin . This building is the tallest freestanding structure in Europe and eighth tallest in the world . The tower was the first free-standing structure to exceed 500 m in height . Ostankino was built to mark the 50th anniversary of the October Revolution . via ( source )
Luckly for us Dmitry Rogachev a Russian blogger , lives nearby to huge Russian Ostankino tower , however he took the chance to go there just recently to take some cool pictures . Dmitry visited all the levels of the tower – and specially he went to that famous glass floor .
All tourists are given such red tower badges .
Giant petals of the tower look very huge from here .
While waiting to get inside under the roof above you can view the TV and Radio Center of Russia as seen on the photo below .
The tower material or foundation is made from ferro concrete and large metal cables , each cable adds a load of 50 tons . Can you imagine how strong it is ?
For the period of the construction ( 1963-67 ) it was the innovative technology for the world 's highest tower . Considering the tower stand still , it was obviously well made .
Upon araving to top Dimitry took a photo on the glass floor . Cool is n't it ? !
Happily after the glass floor photo it 's time to go back down which is n't easy at all
So tell us , are you afraid of height or you would dare to climb up this tower ?
See HERB & DOROTHY 50X50 at Perez Art Museum Miami on Oct 4th ! See HERB & DOROTHY 50X50 at the Perez Art Museum Miami , where many scenes were filmed ! You can catch 2 screenings of HERB & DOROTHY 50X50 in conjunction with their Vogel Exhibition showing from September 30-November 16th . First screening is coming up on October 4th ! See details HERE .
New Screening at Flint Institute of Arts NEW ! There will be three screenings of “ Herb & Dorothy 50X50″ at Flint Institute of Arts on September 19 , 20 , and 21 ! See details HERE .
Dorothy visiting Bowdoin College Museum of Art on September 4 ! Dorothy will be making a special appearance at Bowdoin College Museum of Art on September 4 ! Join us for a screening of HERB & DOROTHY 50X50 , followed by a Q & A . Click here for more information ! ( Due to last-minute circumstances , Megumi will be unable to attend . )
Dorothy is coming to East Hampton on 8/27 Dorothy will be making a special appearance in East Hampton , NY on August 27 ! Join us for a screening of HERB & DOROTHY 50X50 , followed by a Q & A at Guild Hall . Click here for more information !
Dorothy and Megumi enjoying Aspen ! See photos from Dorothy and Megumi 's recent trip to Aspen on our Facebook page ! They had a lovely time at ArtAspen . Thank you for hosting us !
JOIN US in Columbia , SC on June 27th ! Dorothy will be making a special appearance in Columbia , SC on June 27 . Click here for more information !
Dorothy & Megumi coming to Palm Spring in April 2014 Dorothy and Megumi will be making a special appearance in Palm Springs on April 10 . Read all about it here !
NEW SCREENING IN PORTLAND , ME Screening just added at Portland Museum of Art ( 11/29 , 11/30 & 12/1 ) ! See details HERE .
RECENT DATE CHANGES Ogden , UT ( New dates : 11/8-11/21 ) HERE
Miami , FL ( New dates : 11/14-11/17 ) HERE
You are truly a fascinating specimen . A moderator of /r/psychology , you show up in every thread about Israel to defend it . You often show up with the same group of friends . If I had to guess , I would say you are running multiple accounts and possibly working with an organized group to disseminate your propaganda .
I know you 'd never tell the truth , but I wonder if you are being paid for your work here ? I would n't be surprised if some Zionist `` charity '' paid for this kind of graffiti , but I would be a bit surprised if you worked for the government itself , or IDF or something like that . Usually government 's just use bots for this type of work but you have all the hallmarks of being a real person . With an M.A . in psychology nonetheless .
Very very interesting . I 'll be watching you .
Revelator 1.04 Patch Character changes . a guest Sep 28th , 2016 13,804 Never a guest13,804Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.63 KB Revelator Patch 1.04 Character changes : Millia > 6K : Increased leg hurtbox on frames 1-4 Potemkin > 2P Hitbox and Hurtbox increased upwards . > j.K Damage increased from 22 to 24 > j.S Damage increased from 32 to 36 > j.HS Damage increased from 40 to 45 > j.D Damage increased from 45 to 50 > j.D now groundbounces on Counter Hit > Fixes a bug where Tension did not increase on Ground Throw . Axl Low > c.S Into 3P Gatling Added . > Fixed command grab bug where opponent would become inoperable . Venom > Increased hurbox on his wallsplat , extended upwards . Slayer > 6K Landing Recovery reduced from 5 to 4 frames . > Helter Skelter throw invinicible 1f before landing Bedman > 2K proration increased from 80 % to 70 % > Ca n't airthrow during Air Movement 2 ( downwards ) . ( Unsure on this one ) Ramlethal > 3K hurtbox reduced downwards . > Swordless f.S Gattling to Sword 2HS added . > Sword 2S Damage increased from 60 to 70 . Sin Kiske > 2K Proration changed from 80 % to 70 % > Crouching guard hurtbox reduced downwards . > Beak Driver 2f less recover . Charge Takes 2f longer . Elphelt > Command Grab Proration changed from 70 % to 60 % Leo Whitefang > F.S > P Recovery reduced from 62 to 52 . Holding the button allows you to extend the guardpoint for 10 more frames . > 5H > P Recovery reduced from 61 to 51 . Holding the button allows you to extend the guardpoint for 10 more frames . Johnny > 2K Prorate changed from 75 % to 70 % . > f.S Hurtbox extended downwards . > 2S Startup increased by 1 frame ( 9 to 10 ) > 2S hurtbox increased forwards . > 6H hurtbox increased forwards . > Crouching guard hurtbox reduced downwards . > Low Mist FIner lvl1 now behaves the same when it hits people who were standblocking in the mist and when it just hits normally . ( Bugfix ) > Bugfix when treasure hunt hits Sign costume elphelt Jam > Ryujin ( max level included ) proration changed from 75 % to 80 % . > Air Ryujin Invulnerability reduced to only cover startup frames . > Ground Ryujin damage changed from 100 to 80 . Raven > Airdash hurtbox expanded downward > cr.K prorate from 90 % to 80 % > far . Standing S hurtbox increased forwards > j.P prorate changed from 100 % to 90 % Dizzy > 2P proration changed from 70 % to 80 % > f.5S and 5H cancel window increased by 9 frames . > 2H attack level increased from 2 to 4 > Charge Blitz now counters until the end of recovery ( ? ) > 236S and 236H hurtbox reduced downwards > 421S , 421H , 236P and all fishes Tension gain increased by 50 . > Aerial Fishes reduced recovery . Landing recovery removed . > Grounded S/H/D Fishes recovery reduced . > Bubble Pop hitbox increased . Travel time increased . Recovery reduced by 1frame . > Burst Imperial Ray increased damage .
RAW Paste Data
Revelator Patch 1.04 Character changes : Millia > 6K : Increased leg hurtbox on frames 1-4 Potemkin > 2P Hitbox and Hurtbox increased upwards . > j.K Damage increased from 22 to 24 > j.S Damage increased from 32 to 36 > j.HS Damage increased from 40 to 45 > j.D Damage increased from 45 to 50 > j.D now groundbounces on Counter Hit > Fixes a bug where Tension did not increase on Ground Throw . Axl Low > c.S Into 3P Gatling Added . > Fixed command grab bug where opponent would become inoperable . Venom > Increased hurbox on his wallsplat , extended upwards . Slayer > 6K Landing Recovery reduced from 5 to 4 frames . > Helter Skelter throw invinicible 1f before landing Bedman > 2K proration increased from 80 % to 70 % > Ca n't airthrow during Air Movement 2 ( downwards ) . ( Unsure on this one ) Ramlethal > 3K hurtbox reduced downwards . > Swordless f.S Gattling to Sword 2HS added . > Sword 2S Damage increased from 60 to 70 . Sin Kiske > 2K Proration changed from 80 % to 70 % > Crouching guard hurtbox reduced downwards . > Beak Driver 2f less recover . Charge Takes 2f longer . Elphelt > Command Grab Proration changed from 70 % to 60 % Leo Whitefang > F.S > P Recovery reduced from 62 to 52 . Holding the button allows you to extend the guardpoint for 10 more frames . > 5H > P Recovery reduced from 61 to 51 . Holding the button allows you to extend the guardpoint for 10 more frames . Johnny > 2K Prorate changed from 75 % to 70 % . > f.S Hurtbox extended downwards . > 2S Startup increased by 1 frame ( 9 to 10 ) > 2S hurtbox increased forwards . > 6H hurtbox increased forwards . > Crouching guard hurtbox reduced downwards . > Low Mist FIner lvl1 now behaves the same when it hits people who were standblocking in the mist and when it just hits normally . ( Bugfix ) > Bugfix when treasure hunt hits Sign costume elphelt Jam > Ryujin ( max level included ) proration changed from 75 % to 80 % . > Air Ryujin Invulnerability reduced to only cover startup frames . > Ground Ryujin damage changed from 100 to 80 . Raven > Airdash hurtbox expanded downward > cr.K prorate from 90 % to 80 % > far . Standing S hurtbox increased forwards > j.P prorate changed from 100 % to 90 % Dizzy > 2P proration changed from 70 % to 80 % > f.5S and 5H cancel window increased by 9 frames . > 2H attack level increased from 2 to 4 > Charge Blitz now counters until the end of recovery ( ? ) > 236S and 236H hurtbox reduced downwards > 421S , 421H , 236P and all fishes Tension gain increased by 50 . > Aerial Fishes reduced recovery . Landing recovery removed . > Grounded S/H/D Fishes recovery reduced . > Bubble Pop hitbox increased . Travel time increased . Recovery reduced by 1frame . > Burst Imperial Ray increased damage .
Sponsored Link
Ubuntu developers are currently developing a centralised “ App Store ” to simplify the dding/removing /updating/configuring of software within Ubuntu.The name of this application called `` Ubuntu App Centre '' The Ubuntu Software Store will be a single graphical interface for package management in Ubuntu . In version 1 , it will take the basic philosophy of Add/Remove Applications and make it even easier to use . In later versions it will grow to replace Synaptic , gdebi , some parts of the Computer Janitor , and possibly Update Manager . Having a single interface will make handling software easier , socially improve security , hopefully free space on the CD , and provide a prominent showcase for Ubuntu and partner software . The implementation is based on Add/Remove Applications ( gnome-app-install ) , but may use PackageKit for some components .
The team behind it have set out a preliminary road map for the development of an Ubuntu ‘ App Centre ' that stretch over the next four releases . ( 9.10 – > 11.04 ) with the full replacement the current Package Management tools by App Centre being introduced during 10.04 and refinement/new features being added to it after that .
Goals for ‘ App Centre ' in Ubuntu 9.10
1 Include in Ubuntu 9.10 a simple and fun interface for finding , installing , and removing software . This will likely involve :
* A new name .
* A highly graphical “ main entrance ” or “ front page ” , that allows browsing software by category and subcategory , and perhaps includes featured and/or popular applications .
* Fast and error-tolerant search .
* Attractive , informative , and easy-to-understand presentation of individual software packages within the interface ( with this presentation also being used for apt : URL links to graphical applications ) .
* Interactive demonstration of how to launch the software you 've just installed .
* The ability to continue browsing available software , and queue up installation/removal requests , while other changes are being made .
* Better security than the current installation mechanism ( i.e . use of PolicyKit instead of gksudo ) .
2 Increase use of apt : links by Ubuntu enthusiasts , software projects , and ISVs , replacing terminal commands or standalone downloads . This will likely involve :
* A redirector Web service ( e.g . redirecting from http : //apt.ubuntu.com/package-name to apt : package-name ) , with helpful handling of error cases , to better cater for people who are not running Ubuntu when they follow the link ( and to better cater for forums and other CMSes that do not allow direct apt : links ) .
* Prominent and highly understandable information on ubuntu.com about how to get your software ( whether Free or non-Free ) packaged for Ubuntu .
* An apt : evangelism campaign for projects that already have their software packaged in the Ubuntu repositories .
3 Fine-tune the interfaces presented when software updates are available . This may involve :
* When updates are presented automatically , collapsing the list of updates by default , concentrating instead on the existence of updates and the choice to install them now or later .
* Presentation of the new better descriptions of security updates .
4 Establish a system within Launchpad for registered users to suggest a better description , category , keywords , and/or screenshot for a software package , and for the package maintainer to incorporate those changes into a new version of the package , so that end users can find the software more easily later .
Ubuntu App Centre mock-up 's from Ubuntu Wiki
Below are some ‘ mock-up 's taken from the ‘ App Centre ' wiki page which show the first glimpses ( subject to user approval ) at what the unified centre may look like .
You can check the progress of this application on Ubuntu wiki page from here and here .I hope this would help more and more people to move back to ubuntu .
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Depending on your opinions about stricter gun laws in the country , Oct. 19 will be a day to either lock and load or take cover .
Followers of Gun Rights Across America ( GRAA ) urge their fellow citizens to arm themselves openly and publicly in their front yards during “ Guns Next Door , ” a nationwide rally set to occur on the third Saturday in October .
“ It raises awareness for the Second Amendment , and we are trying to change the image of the law-abiding gun owner . We 're not evil people : we 're professional people , we 're your neighbors…it 's not us you have to worry about , it 's the criminals , ” Eric Reed , president and founder of GRAA , told MSNBC .
The pro-gun group hopes Americans will bring the rally to their own properties , but simultaneously abide by local , state , and federal laws to avoid arrest . Some states allow residents to carry openly in public places . In other areas , residents can only legally hoist a weapon if they are standing on their own property ; some states do n't allow that at all .
Participants should arm themselves with a handgun in states where open carry laws are legal , wear T-shirts supportive of the Second Amendment , and hold signs , said Reed , adding that his three children , who are all under the age of 21 , will join him in his yard .
“ This is a family event too . Feel free to strap on a plastic red gun onto your children as well…pass out candy or lemonade to the kids riding their bikes and playing in the neighborhoods , ” the group wrote on its Facebook event page .
Some states ' laws will prevent residents from participating . Reed said he encourages residents to “ strap on an empty holster and stick a banana in it if they want . ”
“ We 're just making a presence known and just showing our faces that we 're good people . If that means handing out candy , then so be it . If that means waving to people as they 're driving by in cars , so be it , ” he said .
But some Americans disagree with the principle and message of the event .
“ As a mother I am outraged that they would try to teach my children that not only should they not be leery of strangers , but they should n't be leery of armed strangers… I 've spent a decade trying to teach my children that it is n't safe to approach strangers , ” Shannon Watts told MSNBC . She is the founder of Moms Demands Action for Gun Sense in America and a mother to five children .
The event will last from 5 p.m. until 6 p.m. Eastern Standard Time and stagger simultaneously according to each time zone . GRAA has received “ positive ” and “ excellent ” responses through Facebook promotion , said Reed , an airline captain from Texas .
He established the volunteer group after last December 's mass shooting in Newtown , Conn . Since then , GRAA 's followers have held counter-rallies across the country in support of citizens ' gun rights .
There is “ absolutely not ” a gun problem in America , Reed said .
“ There is a crime problem in this country—that includes guns , that includes knives , that includes whatever that criminal 's weapon of choice may be , ” he said .
Watts ' group organized the first “ Skip Starbucks Saturday ” on Aug. 24 to boycott the company 's policy that complies with states ' gun-carrying laws . GRAA , along with other pro-gun organizations , countered the protest by urging customers to buy from the coffee chain .
Related : Starbucks ' gun policy brews ‘ grande ' protest
Watts said her group will “ double their effort ” on Saturday , Oct. 19 to prevent coffee drinkers from purchasing Starbucks ' products .
“ This is part of an ongoing attempt by gun advocates to normalize a behavior that is not normal , ” she said . “ What they 're actually doing is frightening people . God forbid there be a horrible accident or shooting because of this . ”
The tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School fueled a national debate about gun control that has faded from the headlines after the Senate in April failed to pass a bipartisan background checks bill that would have made it more difficult to buy guns from private sellers and on the Internet .
In addition , a jobs recall of two Colo. Democratic senators earlier this week could leave members of Congress wary of crossing the National Rifle Association . Voters rejected John Morse and Angela Giron—who supported tougher gun restrictions—after the state 's conservatives launched recall campaigns against them . Colorado , which experienced both the 1999 Columbine High School and 2012 Aurora movie theater shootings , remains gun-friendly .
Sen . Majority Leader Harry Reid last month said a vote on a background checks bill would happen no sooner than before the 2014 midterm elections because of congressional disagreements over government spending .
“ I have yet to see a bill that addresses how we are going to keep those guns out of the hands of criminals , ” Reed said . “ We all know criminals do n't follow the laws—that is why they are called criminals . ”
Seal has gone from being half of a Hollywood power couple to spending time with … a Power Ranger .
On multiple occasions this week , the 50-year-old British singer has been spotted out with actress Erin Cahill , who recently guest starred on TV 's “ Red Widow , ” but cut her teeth in showbiz donning a pink suit and stopping bad guys on “ Power Rangers Time Force . ”
The “ Kiss From a Rose ” crooner looked quite comfortable and happy during a lunch date with Cahill , 33 , in Los Angeles on Wednesday . Seal kept it casual in baggy jeans and a peacoat while the one-time butt-kicking superhero wore a red dress with a peek-a-boo top , ankle boots , and a tan hat .
When they parted ways , they embraced .
A day earlier , they were spotted together at a charity event . They were photographed side by side at the Silver Circle Gala at the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills the night before . Seal had a smile on his face as he looked at her – and Cahill was beaming .
Cahill grew up in Virginia and became involved in pageants at a young age , earning the Miss Virginia Pre-Teen title when she was 11 . A decade later she landed her first TV role as Jen Scotts and Pink Time Force Ranger . The following year she appeared on “ Power Rangers : Wild Force ” as well .
View photos
Her character is memorable because she was the leader of the Time Force Rangers , which was a first in the show 's history .
She went on to have bitten parts in movies and episodic TV work . On “ Red Widow , ” which premieres March 3 , she will have a guest-starring role as Felicity .
Seal and wife Heidi Klum shocked celebrity followers in January 2012 when they announced their split after seven years of marriage . The couple , who renewed their wedding vows annually , is parents to four children .
Last summer , Klum began a romantic relationship with her bodyguard , Martin Kirsten , who had worked with the family for years . While Seal has been seen with various women , he has yet to be in a public romance .
More Celebrity Features on Yahoo ! :
Follow omg ! on Twitter
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross is under fire—with one journalist characterizing it as the behavior of a 'sociopath'—following crude remarks made Monday in which he described the U.S. bombing of Syria as `` after-dinner entertainment '' at President Donald Trump 's private Mar-a-Lago estate while hosting Chinese President Xi Jinping last month .
`` Just as dessert was being served , the president explained to Mr. Xi he had something he wanted to tell him , which was the launching of 59 missiles into Syria , '' Ross said Monday during a speech at the Milken Institute Conference in Beverly Hills , California . `` It was in lieu of after-dinner entertainment . The thing was , it did n't cost the president anything to have that entertainment . ''
According to Variety , which first reported the comments , some members of the audience responded with laughter .
Made public , however , the comments by Ross attracted not smiles but widespread disgust and rebuke .
Oh gawd this is miserable ! These people are power-hungry monsters . Innocents were killed ! https : //t.co/sKkOG316g0 via @ variety — Amy Siskind ( @ Amy_Siskind ) May 1 , 2017
SICK statement from Trump admin ! ! | Wilbur Ross : Trump 's Syria Strike Was `` After Dinner Entertainment '' | Zero Hedge https : //t.co/uqt1Ukx3VY SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
— AsLan 's Girl ( @ Aslans_Girl ) May 2 , 2017
On behalf of veterans , families of veterans and all patriotic Americans , @ SecretaryRoss you are disgusting.https : //t.co/adVmJH4vxQ — Real_Patriot ( @ 2020pleasehurry ) May 2 , 2017
This short video by Carbonated TV captured additional responses of outrage :
Rep. Ted Lieu , a Democrat from California , also condemned Ross ' comment .
`` Secretary Wilbur Ross needs to apologize , '' Lieu declared in a tweet Monday night . `` US military is not a toy and should never be used for 'entertainment . ' ''
It has just been announced that SEGA 3D Archives 3 FINAL STAGE , a physical collection of SEGA 3D Classics will be coming to Japan . In the West , we only got SEGA 3D Archives 2 as SEGA 3D Classics Collection earlier this year .
Games confirmed in SEGA 3D Archives 3 FINAL STAGE :
After Burner II
Super Hang-On
Streets of Rage 2
Sonic the Hedgehog 2
Gunstar Heroes
More to come
According to SEGA 's questionnaire that Japanese fans filled out lots of people want to see titles like Wing War , Gain Ground , Outrunners , and Virtua Racing to join the SEGA 3D Classics line-up . Famitsu did n't reveal which was the number one requested game , you will have to wait for September 15 to find out since that 's when their magazine comes out . But let me spoil it for you , I bet you it was Virtua Fighter . SEGA 3D Archives 3 FINAL STAGE could get new timed exclusive titles , just like the last volume had Puyo Puyo 2 and Drift Stage as timed exclusives . SEGA 3D Archives 3 FINAL STAGE is set to hit Japan on December 22 , 2016 . No idea if SEGA West will plan on bringing it over .
[ Source : Famitsu ]
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thousands of bison live inside Yellowstone National Park
A series of injuries at Yellowstone National Park has officials warning tourists that selfies and bison do n't mix .
A 43-year-old Mississippi woman was thrown into the air recently after she turned her back on a bison to take a photo of herself with it .
Four other tourists have been hurt in similar incidents this year , Yellowstone officials said .
Previously bison attacks had been unusual , they added .
`` The ( woman ) said they knew they were doing something wrong but thought it was OK because other people were nearby , '' park spokeswoman Amy Bartlett told the Associated Press .
`` People are getting way too close . ''
The woman and her daughter got within about 18ft ( 5.5m ) of the animal near the Fairy Falls trailhead just outside Old Faithful . The sprawling park is mostly located in north-west Wyoming .
Someone warned them that they were too close , but the bison charged and the woman could not run away fast enough .
Park rules say people should stay at least 75ft ( 23m ) away from the bison . The massive beasts can weigh more than 2,000 pounds ( 900kg ) and can move extremely quickly .
The woman suffered only minor injuries , but in June a 68-year-old Georgia woman was seriously hurt after a bison gored her along a trail .
Share
When you own a dress , jacket , trousers , skirt of whatever textile product , have you ever thought about its impact on the environment ?
Well European Environmental Agency did !
First of all , they have documented what it costs a textile product during its life-cycle in terms of inputs and outputs :
And then they calculated how big is the contribution of each life-cycle phase to each specific environmental impact ?
This well-prepared chart by Eurostat does not need much explanation . The environmental cost of producing , distributing , using and disposing our garments is pretty clear . The most damaging phase in all seems to be the production phase with the exception of areas like human toxicity and ones relating water use ( washing etc ) .
But what are we supposed to do about it ? Not wear anything ? Probably a more realistic answer lies in sticking to our existing textiles a bit longer and being a bit easy on the consumerism pushing us various designs in cycles under the label of “ fashion ” …
( image by : THOR -Dead Mans Glory Vintage Fashion- via Wikimedia Commons )
DLC and new costumes were announced on the Nier : Automata One Million Shipments livestream today . The Colosseum is a combat arena that lets you take on challenges to win new costumes and hair colours . According to Gematsu it will be released in Japan on May 2 for 1500 Yen . There 's no date for a Western release just yet .
The expansion also features new bosses based on the real-life CEOs of Platinum Games and Square Enix . Here 's Platinum Games president Kenichi Sato alongside his level 85 Nier : Automata likeness . You can watch them fight 38 minutes into the livestream . The attack where Sato spits dozens of projectiles shaped like his own head looks particularly deadly .
Nier loves to punch right through the fourth wall , so the addition of real-world bosses works really nicely . The new character skins were also shown during the livestream , based on costumes from the original Nier . Hopefully we 'll have more solid details of a worldwide release soon .
What 's Familiar Becomes Unnerving In 'It Follows '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Radius-TWC Courtesy of Radius-TWC
David Robert Mitchell 's debut feature , The Myth of the American Sleepover , was a gentle , evocative story of teens and summer crushes set in Detroit . Unthreatening , sweet in the way of Freaks and Geeks , and the coming-of-age stories of John Hughes , it embraced the confusion of adolescence with warmth and affection .
That confusion feels altogether different in Mitchell 's breath-catchingly alarming sophomore feature , It Follows , a horror film that also references plenty of its predecessors while somehow feeling altogether fresh . From the opening moments , the one thing clear about It Follows is that it will not follow in everyone else 's footsteps .
After a brief prologue calibrated to set nerves jangling and establish the stakes , we 're introduced to a well-adjusted suburban teenager named Jamie ( Maika Monroe ) , who 's amusing herself before a date with a new boyfriend by swimming in her backyard pool and hanging out with her Dostoyevsky-reading sister , and a nerdy childhood friend named Paul ( Keir Gilchrist ) who 's had a crush on Jamie since grade school . He 's pretending to be completely absorbed in a silly '50s horror flick on TV , while casting lingering glances her way , but there 's nothing troubled about what we see of them . They 're easygoing — recognizably normal .
Jamie 's date initially seems normal too , until at a movie theater , he points to a girl behind them as they 're playing a people-watching game . When Jamie does n't see her , he gets seriously squirrelly , but once they 've left the theater , everything seems fine again . So fine , in fact , that after they have a nice dinner , and a walk in the woods , they make love for the first time in the back of Hugh 's car . At which point things turn darker .
Hugh tells Jamie that when they made love , he passed something on to her that is slow-moving but deadly , shape-shifting but familiar . And then , just as he did in the theater , he points to someone . And this time Jamie can see a figure coming toward them , moving slowly enough that they can easily get away ... but only for so long .
`` You can get rid of it , '' Hugh tells her . `` Just sleep with someone soon as you can . Just pass it along . If it kills you , it 'll come after me ... understand ? ''
How 's that for inverting the abstinence metaphor behind most teen horror flicks ? Something deadly and sexually transmitted this way comes , and your salvation requires infecting someone else .
Shooting in Detroit , in suburbs that feel at once pristine , and perched right on the edge of calamity , filmmaker David Robert Mitchell does n't resort to violence , or gore , or things jumping out of dark corners . His approach is more insinuating , letting you share Jamie 's indecision about how to proceed , see the way shame and guilt have turned familiar landscapes unnerving . And once she 's confided in her friends , the director lets you wonder with them where next she 'll see someone that they ca n't . Someone coming her way , slowly . At school ? At an ice cream parlor ? In the front yard ?
Horror usually festers in tight claustrophobic spaces , but this director loves a wide-open screen , with lots of people wandering around . Because he knows that once he 's infected you with the premise of It Follows , you 'll spend every second scanning the background — almost in `` Where 's Waldo '' mode — terrified that you 'll see someone who 's ... just walking slowly .
Who goes to the gun show looking for literature ?
Recently , I was on assignment to write about America 's biggest weapons showcase : The Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot . The last thing I expected to find was interesting reading material .
I was wrong .
But first let 's confirm something you might be wondering : Yes , just about any adult with a functional trigger finger can buy a serious gun , even nerds like me . Had I been so interested , my mostly clean criminal record ( See : Loitering conviction , 1998 ) would n't have stopped me from stuffing an AK-47 into the back of my Honda Civic .
Advertisement :
That 's not my type of journalistic research . Since I struggle to tell a Howitzer from a Ronco Rotisserie Cooker it was n't a surprise that I was drawn to the more ephemeral wares at the firearms extravaganza , in particular , the book sale .
No , not the thick tomes of military history or firearms manuals . I 'm talking chapbooks .
* * *
Chapbooks are slim volumes that can often be found for sale at coffeehouse poetry readings or crammed into the bookshelves of nerds like me . They do not fly off shelves . I had previously associated them with the sort of people who might translate Proust . But at Knob Creek I learned that they also have a beachhead among people who might get their kicks blowing up a speedboat with an Uzi . ( This really happened at Knob Creek . )
Chapbooks are normal sheets of printer paper folded in half to make a tidy booklet . Some are professionally bound , but really anyone can get into this racket overnight . In recent years , as printing costs have dropped , many have featured glossy covers rivaling anything in hardback .
They 're sort of the Kindle single of the analog age .
Advertisement :
Inside a chapbook , you might find some of the most exciting work in publishing . Intimidatingly strong prose , penetrating poetry or — like my personal favorite chapbook , `` Wish You Were Me '' by Myriam Gurba — generous helpings of WTF ? In the lit world , there is something not-so-safe about chapbooks . The material is not meant for the masses and likely will never be published by a major house . These twee little books are kind of thrilling in that regard .
* * *
Imagine my surprise when I stumbled onto a thriving chapbook culture while surrounded by hollow-point bullets and guys spitting tobacco into Mountain Dew bottles . The gun show 's book booth was four tables long and jammed with racks of chapbooks .
The first title that caught my attention was “ Poor Man 's Ray Gun. ” Its wavy sci-fi cover and slim page count felt like it could be a screed of avant-garde poetry . Instead , it was filled with technically dense instructions and diagrams . It 's an instruction manual for converting a microwave oven into a death laser .
Advertisement :
I flipped through more chapbooks . The covers were n't as Madison Avenue as “ Ray Gun , ” usually featuring just a primary colored shade of construction paper . Their titles , though , were more threatening than any chapbook on my shelf :
I did n't need old or new approaches to chucking a knife into someone 's sternum , but was fascinated all the same . The authors , like the people who wrote the chapbooks I have at home , presented the illusion that they were offering a library of clandestine , dangerous writing .
This chapbook knowledge probably is n't all that secret . A quick Internet search might unveil dozens of techniques for war zone tonsillectomies and homemade bomb-making . But the fact that someone went to the trouble to print this out gave it a more dangerous aura than a Tumblr for backyard dynamite enthusiasts . This information was off the grid .
Advertisement :
I leafed through a few dozen chapbooks and discovered they rarely contained author information . What publishers were listed on the back covers sounded like shell companies : Butokukai Books and Desert Publications , among others . I actually tried contacting Desert Publications afterward to get the scoop on its history , but all interview requests were not returned . To my mind , this only adds to the cloak-and-dagger allure of its chapbooks .
* * *
Chapbooks peaked in the 1960s .
Advertisement :
It 's easy imagining college coeds obsessing over chapbook poetry tracts or pamphlets on Black Panthers or brassiere burning best practices . Nowadays , the immediacy and portability of the chapbook has been replaced by , well , everything .
When my kind of literary chapbook is released in 2013 , it is through eccentric indie presses , like Keyhole or Future Tense . Some of them are excellent . Just recently one of my favorite producers of chapbooks ( and book-length books ) , Mud Luscious Press , closed its doors . Financially speaking , it 's not hard to figure out why .
Chapbooks are too short for book lovers . They are too long for Twitterers . There 's not much nudity to speak of . No matter how brilliant the writing , chapbooks reek of Kinko 's and paper cuts and unprofessionalism .
Like a nerdy reporter at a gun show , chapbooks simply do n't fit in .
Advertisement :
* * *
Back at the gun show I thumbed through one explaining ways to discreetly add arsenic to a dictator 's minestrone .
The chapbook table was run by a large woman with permed blond hair and a simple white church blouse . She did n't look like she had much need to beat a lie detector . But there she was , helping the rest of us . As far as I could tell , she was the only vendor there not offering a single item that could fire a bullet . I took comfort , knowing only a fellow chapbook geek would be so misguided at a firearms thunderdome .
I handed the woman $ 15 for “ The Big Book of Secret Hiding Places ” and prepared to make a soul connection .
Advertisement :
“ So , ” I cleared my throat . “ Do you guys publish these books yourselves ? ”
Brilliant ! Certainly she would smell a fellow geek . We 'd share a deeper understanding of our two cultures , maybe go halfsies on a new microwave and zap somebody with it .
“ No , ” she said . “ We buy ‘ em from all over. ” She slipped my book into a CVS sack and went back to helping guys spitting Skoal into soda bottles .
She was gone before this reporter-supreme could even ask what she meant by “ all over . ”
Advertisement :
There was a strong urge to hunt through my new book and see if it gave any tips on hiding oneself at a gun show in order to weep . It did n't . “ Secret Hiding Places ” was , however , packed with hints like how to sneak high-caliber shells into a shower curtain rod and how to hollow out a loaf of bread for stashing dope .
My feelings were hurt , but then again it was n't all that unfamiliar .
The Knob Creek firearms swap meet was similar to literary conferences I had attended . This encounter was not unlike speaking to a socially awkward poetry publisher at AWP . Nerds who covet dangerous writing seem to all be this way — whether it be minimalist prose or homemade fireworks . You 'd think it would be easy to bond , but for some reason we express our outgoing sides through the questionable books we buy .
Weeks have passed since the Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot . However , I still ca n't operate a microwave without seeing that blond woman 's face and wondering , “ What if ? ”
It is 147 years since the first recorded use of the word “ dystopia ” was uttered by philosopher John Stuart Mill . At the time , Mill coined the phrase during a speech denouncing the British Government 's shameful colonial ‘ Irish Land ' policy . Since then , of course , it has taken on a whole number of meanings and inspired multiple different trains of thought . The term does , admittedly , have human beings to thank for becoming so well known – after all , it 's difficult to witness two world wars , the rise and fall of colonial empires , genocide , environmental collapse and constant global conflict and not feel a little miffed about everything .
This is not , of course , to say that we are living in the end times – as some might suggest . Instead it is to simply illustrate how a long-term trend in human reality has been the occurrence of negative events . Of course , there have also been , in the past 150 years , fantastic events , too , which highlight the goodness of human beings and our ability to create great and beautiful things . But nobody really wants to talk about things being good – after a while doing so just starts to sound a bit smug .
Far more interesting , it could be said , is our cultural reaction to what might be seen as dystopian realities in the world we live . While the debate surrounding whether forms of culture reflect and proceed ; or in fact influence and precede real life continues to whirl on , it is without doubt that a definite trend in our culture over the last 100 years has been toward creative forms that deal with dystopian realities – be they alternate or otherwise .
These cultural forms abound in myriad different spheres . Films , for example , which depicting mass catastrophe , death and destruction have been well analysed and critiqued – think of the words of internationally acclaimed philosopher Slavoj Zizek , who argued that Hollywood blockbusters showcasing the end of the world illustrated his point that “ it is easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism ” .
Yet while films are all fine and dandy , perhaps the most intriguing cultural form to deal with ideas of dystopia is and has been for the better part of the last century , the novel .
In the wider publishing industry , of course , dystopian fiction remains a subset of a subset ( somewhere following on from speculative fiction and science fiction ) . Yet it is undeniably a buzzword that provides us with an instant reaction – and the novels that work best within it provide us with fascinating room to read into ; analyse ; interrogate ; deconstruct ; and provide the inspiration for articles like this one .
And here , dear reader , we bring you what you 've been waiting for . The highly subjective view of some of the best ever dystopian novels . Please do read our well-constructed list below and feel free to tell us how wrong ( or how right on ) you think the list is in the comments below . Tell us what books we 're missing – or , if for some reason we wake up to find the world of Fahrenheit 451 has somehow descended upon us , then tell us which single book we should learn and commit to memory as we strike out into the forest to go and live with fellow book people .
The highly subjective list of the best ever dystopian novels
1984 – George Orwell
A book that possibly needs no introduction . Eerily prescient in a disconcerting number of ways – from newspeak and jargon ( in the media ; workplace and politics ) ; to Big Brother and Room 101 . What is perhaps most intriguing is that we have become in so many ways the dystopian society featured in the novel not under a communist totalitarian dictatorship – as Orwell suggested – but under the guardianship of right wing conservatives and neoliberals . Irrespective of where your own politics lie , that this novel is a disturbing , dystopian world brilliantly depicted and fascinatingly detailed is surely without argument .
Professor Wu Says : “ Orwell 's disturbing world of constant surveillance and government controlled media are uncomfortably recognisable . Another strong bonus point in this book 's favour is that it is just heavy enough to throw at any members of the thought police you think might be on your trail . ”
Do androids dream of electric sheep ? – Philip K Dick
A seminal novel from the excellent Philip K Dick , which gave us the wonderful Blade Runner film when Ridley Scott was still not terrible . The work is built in the futuristic , post-apocalyptic society featuring ( but of course ) hover cars and robots . Yes . You read that correctly . Hover cars . And Robots . Need we say more ? Apart from creating a thoroughly convincing and involving futuristic world , Dick also uses the novel to expertly help us question what it is that makes us human , thanks to Deckard and the apparently unfeeling androids .
Professor Wu says : “ Did you ever notice that the Voight-Kampff test ( the test Deckard gives to determine humanity ) does n't really use questions ? Rather , Deckard describes a scene and the subject of the test reacts to it . What one might be tempted – I know I certainly am – to read into here , is that this stands as a perfect example of what literature is to the reader . Books – including Dick 's novel – are our Voight-Kampff test . And our reaction to the words on the page and the scenes we read is what is perhaps the most distinguishing feature that proves our humanity . An excellent work on so many levels , and part of an deliciously intriguing train of thought concerning AI and the Turing Test . You see a turtle in plight . What do you feel ? ”
V for Vendetta – Alan Moore
Okay . So not strictly a novel – rather a graphic one – but still , this is a hugely influential dystopian book , and arguably one of the most popular of contemporary dystopias . The work follows the classic line of establishment conspiracies , depicting an authoritarian government , which maintains itself in power through exploiting people 's fears and indolence . While critics have described it as ‘ an adolescent fantasy ' , Moore 's work has an undeniably inspiring message – that the people can resist those who abuse power . Demonstrators in Britain and around the world wear the ‘ V ' Guy Fawkes mask ; while the symbol has also become synonymous with hacker group anonymous .
Professor Wu Says : “ Verily , the vivacious and vivid V for Vendetta shows us yet another cultural example of the very real , deep mistrust that exists between the people and those supposedly elected to represent them . It is built on the basis of deep mistrust of those exerting political authority – something recognisable by all of us living in Western Democracies today . UKIP voters should read the book and beware ; voting for a party that draws support by preaching fear and anger can lead us down very dark alleyways . ”
Blood Meridian – Cormac McCarthy
Blood Meridian is perhaps a contentious one , considering the obvious McCarthy dystopian novel is perhaps , ‘ The Road ' ; but The Road is just too obvious , if anything . And it just would n't do to put Cormac McCarthy on any list more than once – while he most probably deserves to be awarded the Nobel Prize for literature at some point , his ego may not quite yet be able to cope with the honour of being featured twice in an NITRB article . So why have we plumped for Blood Meridian anyway ? It 's not just that we 're trying to be out there ( which of course we are ) ; it 's also because this is quite possibly one of the greatest novels in the dystopian genre , despite being set more than a century ago . This is because it depicts , simply , the end of the world . The image of barren prairies , carpeted as far as the eye can see with piles of bleached buffalo bones is haunting . Indeed , the general depiction in the novel of the violence at the heart of human nature – a violence so close to being somewhere between chaos and orchestrated evil – leads us to confront that nameless , faceless thing in us and in the world that is , at its heart , about subverting something recognisable ( the human being ) and turning it inside out to the point that it is at once both terrifyingly ‘ other ' and – yet more terrible – also frighteningly close to home .
Professor Wu says : “ More than protagonists , this is a novel about landscape , and the vivid descriptions of it make it come alive in a way that reflects a savagery in McCarthy 's vision of human beings . With too many hellish landscapes to count , it 's possibly not one to recommend to your lovely but somewhat doddery old vicar who lives at the end of your street . ”
A clockwork orange – Anthony Burgess
Quite an unforgettable book , which Burgess came close to refusing to publish because he apparently felt repulsed by what he had written . The work paints a vivid , depressing future of violent gangs and extreme youthful violence , which the duplicitous state authorities try to maintain through ever more disturbing methods . Muses intriguingly on what it means to be free .
Professor Wu says : “ Personally , I think this book is overrated , and not as good as those who like it claim . Yet it makes it onto this list because it is so hugely influential . Burgess 's work gave birth to many new words – such as ultraviolence – and as such deserves credit for its linguistical tricks . It muses on what it means to be free , while it also gave us a Kubrick film , which itself gave us Malcolm McDowell sporting a fabulous cod piece . And nobody can complain about that – or can they ? ”
World War Z – Max Brooks
Is Zombie fiction dystopian fiction ? For the purposes of this list , yes . Yes it is . It 's a highly subjective list , after all , so we can put what we want here . Perhaps we could call it ‘ apocalit ' . Would that work ? The point is that this is a great piece of modern , original storytelling . The beauty of a zombie piece is that it takes what we know and takes away all the rules – allowing anarchy to reign supreme . It is a novel less about zombies than of human beings and how they react in a world without law . The depiction of national governments , in particular , is certainly in the tradition of dystopian literature – as they do everything from force their citizens to live underground , poison and drop bombs on their own populations , and conspire secretly with devious schemes and plots .
Professor Wu says : “ Zombies . Zombie capitalism anybody ? There 's probably a link there . The most important thing , though , is zombies , okay ? Zombies zombies zombies . ”
Brave New World – Aldous Huxley
This stylish novel is another vision of globalised capitalism every bit as prescient as Orwell 's dystopia . Here we have a world of organised reproduction , brainwashing from birth and numbing drugs . Following the occupy movements and wide public awareness of the 99 % vs the 1 % , it is fitting that this world we encounter is controlled by just 10 “ World Controllers ” . With no concept of family , this depiction of cold , unfeeling world is made all the more compelling by the superficially hedonistic society Huxley depicts . But what is the point of never feeling pain , if you can not feel joy ?
Professor Wu says : “ One character in the book tells us that “ words can be like x-rays if you use them properly ” and Huxley does this with aplomb . For some reason this is often a book everybody has heard of but nobody has read ; yet not to read it is to do this book an injustice . In this work we see not the terror and fear of totalitarianism ; but the stranger fears and dangers of rapacious consumerism , fuelled by the soft power of brainwashing * ahem * I mean advertising . ”
Fahrenheit 41 – Ray Bradbury
How any writer or reader could possibly read this excellent novel and not find it brilliant is beyond us . This is the ultimate dystopia for literature lovers , describing a society where books are burned and intellectual thought illegal . The work tackles head on the nightmare world in which a free press and the dissemination of ideas is not possible . In a fantastic trick of irony , the book was banned upon release for containing “ questionable themes ” .
Professor Wu says : “ Bradbury insists he wrote the book because of his concerns at the time – during the McCarthy era – about the threat of book burning in the USA . Yet to lock interpretations of this world into the historical context of its time is to do it a disservice , as this fantastic novel contains so many elements that persist today . The proliferation of sleeping pills and addiction to shallow TV dramas in the suburbia Bradbury depicts enables us to confront the glaring passivity of many people today – who remain indifferent to the suffering around them while the world spins into chaos . ”
Logan 's Run – William Nolan & George Clayton Johnson
In many ways this is a lost science fiction and dystopian classic – with people far more familiar with the film than the book . It has been out of print since 1976 , yet most probably deserves a return to the spotlight and easy accessibility , since this is a poetic and original work . Unlike the movie , people in the novel are killed at 21 – not 30 , which gives an interesting edge , since killing takes place at a time when people are just beginning to know themselves . In this world , wisdom has been forgotten and machines think for humans . If that is n't a frightening enough concept then we do n't know what is .
Professor Wu Says : “ A simple but terrifying concept – imagines a world where resources maintained and the population controlled by the mandatory death of all humans when they reach the age of 21 . The image of such a superficially perfect world , in which great darkness lurks beneath the surface , is the perfect example of a dystopian utopia . ”
The Time Machine – H.G . Wells
Arguably the work that popularised time travel – so in that respect H.G Wells deserves all sorts of accolades from all sorts of people . His term ‘ time machine ' is now the standard vehicle used in tales that depict this . Unfortunately for the time traveller in this novel , his machine takes him to some rather disturbing dystopian places – rather than oh , say , 2015 or 1955 . Quite simply , the word influential does not do justice to how important this book is to the genres of dystopian or science fiction .
Professor Wu says : “ Ahead of its time – in more ways than one . ( See what I did there ? ) ”
What are we missing ?
So , there we have it . Our very own , highly subjective list of the very best dystopian novels of all time . To those of you in the publishing industry , you need n't worry about publishing any new dystopian fictions , because they ai n't gon na be as good or as influential as this ( we 're just kidding , obviously ) . But what are we missing out ? What do you make of our list ? Where have we erred and strayed ? And which works have we forgotten ? Let us know in the comments below .
Advertisements
Footage of Oktay Enimehmedov aiming a handgun at the head of Ahmed Dogan , leader of the DPS , Bulgaria 's Turkish minority party , before being tackled to the floor and subjected to a beating received global attention on Saturday .
Mr Dogan , who resigned as leader of the DPS after the incident , escaped unscathed .
At the time the attack was thought to be a failed assassination attempt but Bulgarian police have now said Mr Enimehmedov had wielded a gas pistol , which would have caused little or no injury if it had been fired .
Authorities investigating the actions of the 25-year old disclosed that he thought the stunt could end in his death . He left a letter in his flat addressed to his mother in which he said he might die and apologised for failing to complete his education .
An ethnic Turk from the eastern city of Burgas , Mr Enimehmedov faces charges of `` grave hooliganism '' and issuing a death threat . If found guilty , he could face six years behind bars .
Investigators said Mr Enimehmedov had wanted to get his `` five minutes of fame '' and to show Mr Dogan he was not `` untouchable '' .
Lyutvi Metsan , the new DPS leader , challenged the official version of events calling them an `` outrageous attempt to replace the truth '' .
He added that Mr Dogan had spoken to his attacker `` and the latter had told him he wanted to shoot and kill him . ''
Prosecutors said they were also considering levelling charges at a number of men who kicked and punched the prostrate Mr Enimehmedov in the head after he had been wrestled to the floor .
State Board of Elections officials say charges that North Carolina 's new voter ID requirement led to long wait times at the polls and unnecessary confusion that harmed voters are off target .
The law , requiring voters to present a state-authorized photo identification document at the polls , went into effect for the first time in Tuesday 's primary elections . Critics have condemned the requirement as a misguided policy that would lead to voter suppression , and railed against changes in early voting times as designs to diminish minority and Democratic votes .
State officials rebut those contentions with Tuesday 's turnout results and early voting numbers .
“ More voters participated in Tuesday 's election than in any prior primary . Early voting was also a huge success , surpassing 2008 and 2012 , ” said Josh Lawson , the elections board 's general counsel . A total of 2.3 million voters cast primary ballots , which was 35.3 percent of registered voters .
“ With more than 2,700 precincts across the state , data we have so far indicates our efforts surrounding voter ID were successful , ” Lawson said , while acknowledging that there were some issues requiring issuance of provisional ballots .
“ Current data also indicates that two-thirds of those who voted provisional ballots did so for reasons unrelated to photo ID , ” Lawson said . That included a number of voters attempting to vote for candidates in several parties , and casting ballots in a party primary for which they were not registered , he said .
While some voters did have to wait longer than usual at some sites , Lawson said he could not determine whether that was caused by many people flooding the polls at specific times or shortly before the voting places closed .
Complete data , including how many provisional ballots were issued and for what reasons , should be available by Tuesday after precincts complete their tabulation , Lawson said . The process takes longer in some areas because information is recorded on paper and still is being documented .
Lawson said there is no objective way to compare North Carolina 's new voter ID requirement to the behavior in other states that have made a similar change . State requirements differ , so it would be difficult to establish a uniform measurement , he said .
The Advancement Project , a civil rights organization , issued a news release Wednesday acknowledging that early turnout surpassed recent records , but saying voters had fewer days to cast a ballot because a 2013 election reform law reduced the early voting period from 17 days to 10 .
A March 2 press release from the elections board stated that a record number of early voting sites would be available , and the election law encouraged local election boards to have those sites open longer hours .
The organization blamed congested polling sites that caused some voters in Wake County , Durham , and Winston-Salem to wait hours in line Tuesday on the shortened voting period .
“ We are seeing in North Carolina the exact type of electoral chaos that happens when politicians manipulate the voting system for their own gain , ” said the Rev . William Barber II , president of the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP . “ The right to vote should be constitutional , not confusing . ”
The Advancement Project represents the NC NAACP and individual plaintiffs in a lawsuit to overturn the election reforms . That lawsuit , pending in federal court , challenges other elements of the law in addition to the voter ID provision .
Those include eliminating same-day registration , banning the counting of ballots cast out of precinct , and cutting a program allowing 16- and 17-year-olds to register before they are eligible to vote .
“ The confusion faced by voters attempting to cast a ballot — in large part due to misinformation from poll workers — is exactly why we call this a monster voter suppression law : It affects each step of the voting process , making it harder and more confusing along the way , ” said Penda Hair of the Advancement Project .
Bob Hall , executive director of the progressive organization Democracy NC , also criticized the new law , citing information collected by 700 volunteers in key precincts in 40 counties .
He issued a news release claiming that poll workers at sites across the state seemed to lack training , were overworked , and enforced the voter ID law in a disparate manner . Some voters were refused a provisional ballot when problems surfaced , he said , predicting worse issues in the general election .
“ The complaints documented during the primary show the senseless bureaucratic burden of the new ID requirement , as well as the urgent need for greater investment in poll-worker training , equipment and a modernized election system , ” Hall said .
Lawson pushed back against those claims .
“ For three years , the State Board has educated and assisted voters to prepare the state for voter ID . That effort was funded at about $ 1 million a year , and included mailings to every household , poll worker training , television ads , and targeted assistance to voters , ” Lawson said .
“ While we are carefully reviewing ways to shorten wait times , we are proud of the work counties did to ensure voters ' voices were heard at the polls , ” and will continue seeking ways to improve the process during the June 7 congressional primary election and the Nov. 8 general election , Lawson said .
The Internet star allegedly posted a video that included two men laughing as they held a banner that read “ Death to all Jews . ”
Disney 's Maker Studios has severed ties with YouTube star PewDiePie , aka Felix Kjellberg , after he released a series of anti-Semitic posts to his 53 million subscribers .
Kjellberg , a 27-year-old Swede whose YouTube antics secured him multimillion-dollar deals with YouTube and Disney , posted a Jan. 11 video that included two men laughing as they held a banner that read “ Death to all Jews . '' He made a total of nine other videos that made anti-Semitic comments or used Nazi imagery , according to The Wall Street Journal , which first reported on the news .
Disney , which has owned Maker Studios since 2014 , said it was severing ties with him .
`` Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent , he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate , '' reads a statement from a Maker spokeswoman . `` Maker Studios has made the decision to end our affiliation with him going forward . ''
Following the move by Maker Studios , Google-owned YouTube is also cutting ties with the star . A spokeswoman for the streamer tells THR that it has canceled plans for a second season of reality series Scare PewDiePie , which streamed its first season on YouTube last year . It has also removed Kjellberg 's PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred , its premium advertising tier .
Scare PewDiePie , produced by Maker Studios and Skybound Entertainment with Robert Kirkman serving as executive producer , premiered in February 2016 on YouTube Red , which charges $ 10 per month for access to premium videos and ad-free viewing . The second season , called Scare PewDiePie : Multiplayer , was to include Kjellberg 's friend and fellow YouTuber Sean McLoughlin , aka Jacksepticeye .
Kjellberg is YouTube 's top star , with more subscribers than any other home-grown talent on the streaming service . The gamer , known for his goofy videos in which he commentates while playing video games , also was the most high-profile YouTuber in Maker 's network of creators . Since Kjellberg signed with the YouTube network in 2012 , Maker has helped him expand into new ventures , producing Scare PewDiePie and launching a gaming-centric digital network called Revelmode .
This is n't the first time Kjellberg has made some controversial moves on social media . Last summer he was briefly suspended from Twitter over concerns that his account had been hacked . At the time , a source told The Hollywood Reporter that that suspension had been a misunderstanding that resulted from comments he made about ISIS and his use of a graphic Twitter profile picture .
Kjellberg took to Tumblr to defend his more recent comments . `` I was trying to show how crazy the modern world is , specifically some of the services available online , '' he wrote , continuing , `` I think it 's important to say something and I want to make one thing clear : I am in no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes . ''
Feb. 14 , 7:28 a.m . Updated to include details of YouTube 's decision to cut ties with Kjellberg .
A 33-year-old man who was shot by police after stabbing an officer in the upper body has died , Winnipeg police said late Saturday night .
The injured officer is a member of the police tactical unit and is 35 years old . Police said he received what are possibly `` life-altering injuries '' and was initially taken to hospital in unstable condition . He has since been upgraded to stable condition and remains in hospital .
The 33-year-old man who stabbed an officer was shot by another officer , ​Const . Jay Murray said . He was transported to hospital in critical condition where he later died .
`` We have attended that house in the past for this individual , '' Murray said . `` We will say that this individual was known to police . ''
Const . Jay Murray said the officer 's life was quite possibly saved by the use of a tactical tourniquet , which was applied to the officer 's shoulder area to stop the flow of blood .
The police tactical team was first called to a home on Madrigal Close , located in The Maples , at 4:10 p.m. for a report of a stabbing .
Helen Crane , who lives across the street from the house , was one of the people who first called police , worried someone was hurt or would be hurt inside . She said a 14-year-old resident of the home came over to her house saying his older brother was inside with knives .
A Winnipeg police officer was taken to hospital for stab wounds on Saturday along with a male suspect who was shot by police in the 100 block of Madrigal Close . ( Travis Golby/CBC )
`` I called 911 for him and just shortly I got off the phone with the police officers , the police cars came , '' Crane said .
More than a dozen vehicles with lights flashing pulled up to the house and officers quickly surrounded every entrance to the home .
`` They had rushed the front door and were kicking the front door in and yelling inside , '' she said . Soon after , the boy 's mother left through a side door and then the two of them heard loud pops .
`` When the gunshots were fired we both just started crying . It was pretty traumatic . ''
She watched `` in total fear '' as two men were taken out of the home on stretchers — the police officer who was sitting up and the 33-year-old who was on his back receiving CPR , Crane said .
Forensic investigators gather evidence off a fire truck that was parked on the 100 block of Madrigal Close . ( Travis Golby/CBC )
The initial report of knives or a stabbing that brought officers to the home may have left a third man with minor injuries , but police are still investigating , Murray said .
`` It 's my understanding that it was very chaotic . We received numerous calls both from the involved residents and the area , '' he said .
Murray added a number of children were inside the home when the shooting and stabbing took place .
Two bungalows on Madrigal Close as well as a section of the street remain cordoned off with police tape Saturday evening . Murray expects the area will remain closed until Sunday or possibly later .
The shooting has been reported to Manitoba 's Independent Investigation Unit .
KERSHAW COUNTY , SC ( WACH ) - The connection goes beyond the breed , but that connection is now lost .
Juanita Prince said the search for her missing Pitbull “ Gator '' started in October after he vanished from her yard on Meadowview Lane in Kershaw County . `` We started going up and down the road and started looking for him , ” Prince said . “ We talked to some people . ''
After missing fliers were posted , a neighbor found gator 's body in the woods between two houses . `` We were given a call that said they believed our dog was in a neighbor 's yard , ” Prince said . “ I could not go , my boyfriend did , and he had a single gunshot wound to his stomach . '' They found Gator about a half a mile from where they live .
According to neighbors , this is not a new issue for this small community . In a group on Facebook , Andrew Harris posted the same thing happened to their family Pitbull .
In February , he said someone went into his parent 's yard , stealing their dog . They later found her dead with a gunshot wound to the head . `` He had on a bright red collar , a flea collar , and he was right on the edge of their property , ” Prince said . “ And they had smelled him for probably a week . ''
Pictures are all that remain , as the search for clues continues . Clues they hope will bring justice for Gator . “ He suffered , ” Prince said . “ He suffered , and no one said a word . ”
The Kershaw County Sheriff said he is aware of the incident but said these issues are handled by the County Animal Control office . We are still waiting for a response about the case from that agency .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=BjUdMmnf0ko
It is n't often that a real life car wreck between two pretty nice cars gets caught on camera and posted for the world to see . Unfortunately for these Nissan 350Z drivers , it did . I recommend that BEFORE you watch the video , you mute your volume . Then watch it over again with the volume up . I did this and it gave me two totally different views on what exactly happened here . Whatever the case may be , it looks like they both need quite a bit of work before they are shiny again .
Want to see the aftermath ? You can see the Black 350Z Here and the Silver 350Z Here and Here . Not pretty , that 's for sure . Click them while you still can !
Video originally posted on VWVortex by “ pentaxshooter ”
Manitoba Justice Vic Toews has overturned a precedent-setting decision that dismissed a traffic ticket because it took too long for the case to get to trial .
A former federal public safety and justice minister under prime minister Stephen Harper , Toews said Judge Mary Kate Harvie erred in her decision when she ruled a woman accused of speeding in a school zone had to wait an unreasonable time for her day in court and stayed the proceedings .
Between the date the accused was issued a ticket and the date her case went to trial , she had to wait 18 months less eight days .
`` I find in this case that there is no evidence that the case took markedly longer than it reasonably should have , '' Toews wrote in his decision March 6 .
Toews ' decision means the case will head back to court to stand a second trial .
R. v Jordan sets 18-month deadline
While the accused was not issued a ticket until Nov. 3 , 2014 , the actual date of the alleged speeding infraction was Oct. 27 , 2014 .
The date of the incident is important because it is 18 months to the day before she had her day in court . Harvie , in the earlier decision , called that an unreasonable amount of time to wait to defend oneself against a speeding ticket .
`` The accused asserts in her affidavit that the passage of time has impacted on her ability to recall events around the time of the offence and specifically who may have been operating her vehicle at the time of the incident , '' she wrote in the May 18 , 2016 decision .
Nearly two months after Harvie stayed the proceedings , the Supreme Court of Canada set out new rules for reasonable wait times for trial dates .
Canada 's highest court found , for matters before provincial court , the accused has the right to a day in court within 18 months .
Toews calculates the matter as being issued just shy of the 18-month mark , using the date the ticket was issued : Nov. 4 , 2014 .
`` From the date of the offence notice being issued to the date of the trial is approximately eight days less than 18 months , '' he wrote .
According to Harvie , four to six months is a reasonable amount of time to wait to fight a ticket in court .
Toews came to a different conclusion , pointing to the Jordan case as evidence that delays of 17 and 18 months are not unreasonable and noted Harvie , the `` learned '' judge , proceeded without the benefit of the R. v Jordan decision .
A Tokyo-bound flight from LAX with Chrissy Teigen and John Legend on board was forced to turn around four hours into its journey after an 'unauthorized person ' made it onto the plane .
All Nippon Airways flight 175 took off at 11:36am local time on Tuesday , but was back on US soil eight hours later after the breach forced them to make a u-turn .
The bizarre situation caused confusion among many passengers , including Teigen , who was heading on a vacation with her musician husband .
Scroll for video
John Legend and Chrissy Teigen were on a flight heading to Tokyo for vacation , but the plane made a u-turn four hours into their journey because an 'unauthorized passenger ' was on board
Chrissy Teigen tweeted the entire debacle of a flight that took off for LAX bound for Tokyo , but had to be turned around four hours into the trip for an unauthorized passenger on board
What a trip : LAX to LAX and it only took eight hours to complete , per Teigen
According to All Nippon Airways , the unauthorised person was a passenger who had boarded the wrong Tokyo flight .
'During the flight , the cabin crew became aware that one of the passengers boarded the incorrect flight and notified the pilot , ' the airline said in a statement to CNBC .
'As part of the airline 's security procedure , the pilot in command decided to return to the originating airport , where the passenger was disembarked . '
Ms Teigen , who is pregnant with the couple 's second child , shared her frustration with her 9.2million Twitter followers and tried to make sense of what was going on .
' A flying first for me : 4 hours into an 11 hour flight and we are turning around because we have a passenger who is n't supposed to be on this plane . Why ... why do we all got ta go back , I do not know , ' she shared on Twitter , certainly happy she sprung for the in-flight WiFi .
While the situation was frustrating for everyone on board , Teigen was taking it in stride and saw amusement in the baffling situation . ' I do n't know why I 'm not more upset about this . The pleasure I get out of the story is worth more to me than a direct flight to Tokyo . '
'Lmao after all this I will have spent 8 hours on a flight to nowhere . Like we were all just havin a great time up here flyin in the sky watching gran torino time to go home now , ' apparently the in flight movie playing was Gran Torino , according to the model .
This is the captain speaking , we 're gon na have to make a u-turn right here : Four hours into a flight bound for Tokyo an unauthorized person was discovered on-board . It seems the passenger was on the wrong airline- which caused the flight to be diverted back to LAX
Chrissy Teigen tweeted her own experience on a flight to Tokyo that had an unauthorized passenger on board
'This is my dream ' : The nightmare journey did not end once the flight landed at LAX because passengers would be interviewed for 20 minutes by police before they deplaned
The mystery over the 'unauthorized passenger ' continued well after the flight landed at LAX
Police continued to question people seated in the area of the passenger in question- but they may have been just trying to get to the bottom of how this costly mix-up happened in the first place
Once passengers deplaned Teigen was sequestered in a room with a television turned to the channel Bravo
They ... they gave me ramen : While in the room where Teigen had been placed , she was given ramen
When the plane finally landed- in its original origin , Teigen cracked : 'LAX — > LAX flight complete . Flight time , 8 hours and 20 minutes . '
Teigen shared a video of her and Legend waiting around inside the plane after they landed . She tells her husband : 'Thank you so much for taking me on this awesome vacation babe , ' to which Legend deadpans : 'Welcome to Los Angeles . '
LAX Airport Police told local ABC7 officers would have a unit and supervisors on scene when the flight arrived back to its original departure point .
Authorities said the flight 's return to it 's point of origin was because of a 'mix up and was straightened up . '
'They keep saying the person had a United ticket . We are on ANA . So basically the boarding pass scanner is just a beedoop machine that makes beedoop noises that register to nowhere , ' Teigen tweeted .
DailyMail.com has reached out to ANA Airlines , as well as LAWA Police , who did not respond .
The nightmare journey did not end once the plane landed . The model shared that all of the passengers would be interviewed by police for 20 minutes before they could deplane .
However , well after passengers exited the flight , Teigen was tweeting she was sequestered in a room . It was unclear if other passengers were with her .
She said they put Bravo on for her to watch the Real Housewives , while adding they were trying to keep her quiet . Teigen also tweeted 'They ... they gave me ramen . '
The All Nippon Airways flight is now scheduled to depart tomorrow morning .
The other day , Bill Kristol , sounding like a spokesman for the ACLU , decried the theism of Donald Trump . “ In America the president does n't tell us who or what or whether to worship , ” he harrumphed on Twitter after Trump merely said that Americans worship God above government .
It is humorous to hear Edmund Burke-quoting “ conservatives ” peddling such pitiful liberal prattle , all while informing us that Trump is n't a “ real conservative. ” Are they ? As far as I can tell , most of them support the gay agenda , hold wishy-washy views on most contested cultural matters , support open borders , and second the propaganda about Islam as a religion of peace . And now they are even championing the bogus rights of cross-dressers in the military . These hawks are shocked that the commander-in-chief would command his generals to choose military strength over political correctness ! How dare he .
Unlike these phonies , Trump does n't clear his throat with classical tags . He does n't make nerdy , self-conscious references to the “ conservative movement. ” But who cares as long as he is restoring common sense to the government ? Without common sense , without respect for the natural order of things , “ conservatism ” is useless . It is just destructive liberalism at a slightly slower speed .
The classicists whom the Wills and the Kristols so pretentiously quote would have recognized the perennial conservatism in Trump 's common sense . They would n't have recognized it in the me-too liberalism of the Never Trumpers .
Trump 's uncomplicated defense of common sense is nothing if not conservative . He does n't need “ commissions ” to tell him whether or not enlisting men who pretend to be women and women who pretend to be men hurts military readiness . Anyone with five senses and a functioning intellect can see that it does . It is only under the vast experiment against common sense that is liberalism could such obvious truths fall into disfavor .
Of course , the stupid party is joining the evil party in this experiment against common sense . And so a host of Republicans , along with pundits like Kristol , threw a wet blanket over the ban . According to this confederacy of dunces , Trump is making a grave political mistake . The Dems naturally agree and have announced to the press that they “ welcome this culture war . ”
Even West Virginia 's Joe Manchin , in a measure of how extreme the party has become , participated in this PC posturing . The Dems are forevermore the party of compulsory transgender bathrooms and taxpayer-financed mutilations .
All of this avant-garde nonsense may translate into higher vote totals in California and New York , but it will make it easier for Trump to expand his reach in the Rust Belt .
In a time of terrorism , the American people are not going to punish at the polls a commander-in-chief for insufficiently prizing political correctness . If anything , the hidden Trump vote will increase . Perhaps most parents do n't want to say this out loud , but the onslaught of transgender propaganda scares the hell out of them . They do n't want their sons to grow up to be mutilated “ women. ” And most taxpayers do n't want to pay for this grotesque delusion .
To these Americans , the Dems lift up their middle finger and declare them “ intolerant. ” This gives Trump an enormous political advantage . With very little effort , he can pick off uneasy religious voters in the center while pulling down almost all of them on the right .
Trump 's thankless recovery of common sense shows once again that conservatism is too important to be left to self-appointed conservatives . Had the rank-and-file listened to these frauds , Hillary Clinton would be president , her boot would lay on their necks , and the military would be building statues to “ Chelsea ” Manning .
Wide receiver Jared Cornelius originally committed to Arkansas in the summer , then last week decommitted to pledge to TCU , and today the Shreveport star has flipped back to the Razorbacks .
This pushes Arkansas ' commitment total back up to 18 in the 2014 class . Cornelius is a midterm enrollee who will begin attending UA this spring .
He 's listed as 6 ' 1 '' and 190 lbs .
Interestingly , Bielema has not accepted the recommitment of Kweishi Brown , who also committed to Arkansas several months ago , decommitted , and then publicly admitted he wanted to recommit . However , the coaches are accepting the recommitment from Cornelius .
Here 's what we wrote about Cornelius when he originally committed in August , when he was rated a 2 * by Rivals at the time but since been upgraded to 3 * :
Coming out of Evangel Christian Academy , one of the nation 's elite high school programs , Cornelius is a 3 * wide receiver on 24/7 and a 2 * on Rivals ( insert another snarky 24/7 vs Rivals comment here . I love our Rivals guys too . Danny and Trey do n't get final say on evals. ) . Missouri was his other finalist , and he also had offers from Tennessee , Houston , Tulsa , Louisiana Tech and San Diego State .
Cornelius attended the late July camp on campus in Fayetteville , a camp that has produced some impressive results for the Razorbacks in the weeks since .
Here 's a highlight video of him in a 7-on-7 tournament in July :
< iframe width= '' 560 '' height= '' 315 '' src= '' //www.youtube.com/embed/5DQlzo1GnLE '' frameborder= '' 0 '' allowfullscreen > < /iframe >
Okhouse.gov
Republican state Rep. John Bennett from Oklahoma is no stranger to uttering Islamophobic statements . But if any of his Muslim constituents want to meet with him , they must first answer several written questions , including , “ Do you beat your wife ? ” That 's what a group of students discovered when they went to Bennett 's office last week and were handed the questionnaire .
The questions included :
Advertisement
The Koran , the sunna of Mohammed and Sharia Law of all schools say that the husband can beat his wife . Do you beat your wife ?
I have heard that , according to accepted Islamic sources , Mohammed , at age of 49 , married a 6-year-old girl , and that he had sex with her when he was 52 and she was only 9 years old . Is that really true ?
Sharia law says that it must rule over the kafirs , the non-Muslims . Do you agree with this ?
The students were in the state capitol as part of an annual Muslim Day organized by the Council on American-Islamic Relations that seeks to introduce members of the community to their representatives . CAIR was the first to publicize the questionnaire , but Bennett confirmed it and justified his actions in an email to Tulsa World :
`` CANT REFUTE FACTS According ( to ) her testimony in the Hadith ( a collection of Muslim sayings and traditions ) , Muhammad physically struck his favorite wife for leaving the house without his permission .
`` According to the Qur'an , Hadith and Islamic law , a woman may indeed have physical harm done to her if the circumstances warrant , with one such allowance being in the case of disobedience . This certainly does not mean that all Muslim men beat their wives , only that Islam permits them to do so . ”
Bennett says the questions are based on passages of the Quran and he cited a list of sources for his questionnaire , including the website thereligionofpeace.com . The questionnaire though appeared to have been written by ACT for America , which the Southern Povery Law Center describes as “ the largest grass-roots anti-Muslim group in America. ” Although it has been far from the mainstream , the group founded in 2007 “ appears to have a surprising amount of influence on President Trump 's agenda , ” notes the Washington Post .
The executive director of CAIR-Oklahoma , Adam Soltani , who published a video on Facebook recounting the experience , said the questions were “ stupid , Islamophobic , hateful , [ and ] bigoted. ” The students never did get a chance to talk to Bennett , a former Marine . “ What 's most inflammatory is the questions itself , the fact that Muslims have to pass a religious test in order to see a representative of our state , surely he does not do this to Christian constituents or Jewish constituents , ” Soltani said .
Not all burglars are created equal . For every Robert De Niro from Heat there 's a Tom Hanks from The Ladykillers . Well , to be fair , I guess De Niro was n't that good after all . Especially considering the fact he gets… Sorry , I 'm getting a little off topic .
The point is basically this : some burglars are more capable than others . While most burglars use brute force tactics to snatch your belongings , a few are skilled enough to pick locks and skillfully evade security measures . In order to better analyze various threats , home security experts divide burglars into four different categories : Professional Class I Burglars , Professional Class II Burglars , Professional Class III Burglars , and amateur burglars .
Each class of burglar has a different skill level and present their own unique security threat . However , these classifications refer only to the burglary abilities of the criminal and nothing else . Burglar classifications have nothing to do with a criminal 's willingness to cause harm . A Professional Class I Burglar might be able to get into and out of your home without you realizing it , but a Professional Class III Burglar can still use a gun and the threat of violence to get what they want .
In general , these categories can help homeowners anticipate which threats are most likely to threaten their family and property . To help you prepare for the worst , we 're including a few helpful pieces of information about each class of burglar , such as a skills overview . Get to studying these bad guys and become the unrivaled king ( or queen ) of your castle .
Amateur Burglar
Threat Level : Low Threat
Abilities : Little to None . This class of burglar is most likely to use brute force and violence to get inside of your home .
What They 're After : Anything that Is n't Nailed Down
Percentage : 40 to 60 %
This is the burglar you need to worry about . Reckless , unskilled , and unpredictable . Amateur burglars are the brute force , “ smash and grab ” type that destroy homes as they look for anything of value . Burglars with this skill level will kick in your door or break windows to get into your home . Fortunately , they usually try to hit a house when the owners are n't around .
Tips for Defense :
While amateur burglars are , by far , the most prevalent type of burglar , they 're the absolute easiest to defend against . By practicing regular security measures , homeowners can greatly decrease the likelihood an amateur burglar will attack your home .
Lock your doors ! Place bars on Windows Get a home security system
Professional Class III Burglar
Threat Level : Medium to Low Threat
Abilities : Avoids security measures and seeks out vulnerable homes , like those with hidden spare keys or unlocked doors . This class of burglar may kick in a door or break a window to gain access to your home .
What They 're After : Money , Jewelry , Guns , Low Cost to High-Cost Appliances ( power tools , automotive parts , and clothing )
Percentage : 25 to 35 %
Professional Class III Burglars mostly seeks out homes with minimal security measures . They will sometimes watch homes to discover weaknesses , like which doors are most likely to be unlocked . For the most part , this level of burglar will avoid obvious substantial security measures , like a home security system .
Tips for Defense : Successfully dealing with this type of burglar will require greater attention to security than the average homeowner . Homeowners worried about this caliber of criminal should follow a few practices beyond everyday security measures , like eliminating hidden spaces around the home . However , homeowners may not need a home security system to defend against a Professional Class III Burglar .
Use deadbolt locks Install a solid door or security gate at the front AND back doors Never hide keys outside the home Install a home security system
Professional Class II Burglar
Threat Level : Medium to High Threat
Abilities : Has enough knowledge to avoid security system to attack vulnerable areas . Will climb roofs to gain access to windows or vents .
What They 're After : Money , Jewelry , Guns , General to High-End Appliances ( from TVs to computers and musical instruments )
Percentage : 10 to 20 %
These are the burglars that capitalize on homeowners ' limited knowledge of security . A Professional Class II Burglar will look for windows that are unprotected by security systems , they 'll climb roofs , and break open garage doors . A burglar with this skill level will use anything to their advantage , such as poorly lit yards and areas hidden by shrubbery .
Tips for Defense : Many people think getting a home security system will stop burglars . To protect a home against Class II Burglars , homeowners will need to go beyond a home security system and eliminate vulnerabilities , like limited visibility .
Get a home security system Practice “ security landscaping ” Lock your doors ! Install motion activated lights
Professional Class I Burglar
Threat Level : Maximum Threat
Abilities : This caliber of burglar can successfully pick locks and disable other security measures , like security systems .
What They 're After : Money , Jewelry , Guns , High-End Appliances ( TVs , stereos , etc ) , Safes/Vaults
Percentage : Less than 5 %
This is the type of burglar you think of whenever you watch a commercial for a home security company or worry about the safety of your home . When planning for disastrous events , it 's only normal for people to think about the worse . Fortunately , Professional Class I Burglars are very rare and often focus their efforts on properties with a lot of valuables .
Tips for Defense : With this type of burglar , there 's an unfortunate truth to recognize : if a skilled , talented burglar wants to break into your home , they 'll probably succeed . This class of burglar wo n't likely be in your neighborhood anytime soon as they tend to focus on very wealthy homes and often steal specific items . In general , you wo n't have to worry too much about this highly skilled class of burglar but if you want to defend against them , be prepared to spend a lot of time and money improving your home security .
Buy a home security system with security cameras , glass break detectors , motion detectors Install dead bolt locks Remove any areas of low visibility Secure all doors and windows with quality , working locks Lock ALL doors and windows , including the garage and basement “ Security landscaping ” Hire a guard service
Sources
Statement says US 'not aligned with any political party or group ' as Muslim Brotherhood questions ElBaradei reports
The White House has rejected `` false claims '' that it is working with specific parties in Egypt to `` dictate '' how the country should proceed following this week 's military coup .
Breaking its recent silence over events in Cairo , the Obama administration released a statement reiterating that the US was `` not aligned with , and does not support , any particular Egyptian political party or group '' .
The statement came as Egypt appeared to prepare to swear in Mohamed ELBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , as an interim prime minister . The Nobel peace laureate had been tipped for the post following the forced removal of Mohamed Morsi .
The announcement – which the Egyptian president 's office later rowed back on , suggesting that other options were being considered – was met by anger from Morsi 's Muslim Brotherhood . `` We reject this coup and all that results from it , including ElBaradei , '' Farid Ismail , of the Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party ( FJP ) , told the news agency Reuters . He added that ElBaradei was `` Washington 's choice '' , not that of the people of Egypt . That claim was rejected by the US .
Noting that the situation remained `` very fluid '' , the White House said that President Barack Obama `` condemned the ongoing violence across Egypt and expressed concern over the continued political polarization '' .
The statement continued : `` The United States categorically rejects the false claims propagated by some in Egypt that we are working with specific political parties or movements to dictate how Egypt 's transition should proceed . We remain committed to the Egyptian people and their aspirations for democracy , economy opportunity , and dignity .
`` But the future path of Egypt can only be determined by the Egyptian people . ''
The statement , which followed a conference call between Obama and members of the National Security Council , broke days of silence from the president in regards to violence in Egypt .
Stigma can be a powerful force in changing behavior . Just ask smokers , whose once accepted habit is now so marginalized that the prevalence of smoking has dropped to about 19 percent of U.S. adults from nearly 24 percent just a decade ago . A lot of factors figured into the decline since smoking 's mid-20th-century peak , but the sense that smoking is disgusting as well as unhealthful and socially costly has certainly contributed to many people 's decision to quit .
Now that smokers have been taken care of , the obese are the new scapegoats for a lot of our ills . Last week , a letter published in the Lancet noted that the obese contribution more than their thinner compatriots to food scarcity and global warming , given that they eat more and require more transportation energy to move themselves around . While the authors ' intent was probably not to make the obese feel worse , the media translations of the study in my quick Google search turned up headlines such as `` Fat People Cause Global Warming , Higher Food Prices '' and `` Scientists Blame Fat People for Global Warming . ''
You might think that the obese could use some blame . As obesity increasingly becomes the norm , maybe society has grown too accepting . Perhaps what is lacking is the same thing that helped smokers lose their butts : a healthy dose of social stigma . If only there were more shame in being fat , maybe more people would be motivated to lose weight . But in fact , researchers say , stigma does very little to motivate overweight or obese people to change .
Why , first , are we increasingly intolerant of the obese even as more of us are joining their ranks ? `` At the same time that weight has gone up , we 've had an increased emphasis on the thin ideal in society , '' says Janet Latner , a psychologist who studies stigma at the University of Hawaii—Manoa in Honolulu . ( Think Us Weekly 's celebrating Mariah Carey 's recent weight loss . ) People also see family and friends lose weight and believe that body weight is completely under our control . ( As my colleague Sarah Baldauf has reported , that 's not 100 percent true . ) `` In one sense , people make the final decisions over what goes in their mouths , '' says Kelly Brownell , director of the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University . But there are plenty of social and environmental determinants , too , he says . Immigrants to the United States tend to gain weight , for example , while people who move out of the country tend to lose it . Even rats will get overweight when given unlimited access to processed junk food , which shows the potential influence of one 's surroundings . `` If you change the environment in negative ways , you get obesity , '' Brownell says . `` The solution is n't to blame people who are responding in predictable ways to the environment . ''
Brownell authored a 2006 study showing that when overweight people feel stigmatized because of their weight , they respond by eating more and giving up on diets . `` Obese people are under such enormous pressure to lose weight , '' he says . `` They understand the health consequences , they see fat jokes on TV , they were teased and ridiculed as kids . To think that you could add much more to that pressure is wishful thinking . '' The stress may make them turn to food for comfort or , as one researcher hypothesizes , might even contribute to the physiological processes of obesity through , say , stress hormones . It can also keep people out of the gym , most likely thanks to embarrassment and shame . A study published this year in the Journal of Health Psychology suggests , at least among the college-aged , that having more experience with weight stigma makes people less motivated to exercise .
So if blaming the obese does n't work , but their behavior still contributes to their condition , what does ? It 's a delicate balance ; we do n't want to encourage obesity , but nor do we want to swing the other way and promote unreachable body ideals or eating disorders . ( Last summer , my colleague Deborah Kotz wrote about this thorny issue as it relates to obesity prevention programs for kids . ) Maybe , Latner says , the focus should be on healthful eating behaviors rather than a number on the scale—and we should leave the character issues out of it .
On the first day of legalized recreational use of marijuana in Washington state , Snoop Lion ( formerly Snoop Dogg ) talked with fans about smoking weed with celebrities like Willie Nelson , who was the only person to out smoke him .
Not long ago , Snoop Lion was pictured smoking weed with his oldest son , Corde Broadus , who posted the photos of him while he was in the studio recording . At one point there 's a picture of Snoop Dogg smoking out of a bong while his son lights it up for him . It 's uncertain if the substance is weed , but his father , Snoop Dogg is widely known for loving the green smelly stuff .
Here are some of the questions and comments he shared with fans via Huffington Post :
StongBad : What 's the longest you 've gone without smoking ?
164 days
shagadelik : Do you roll your own blunts or are they rolled for you ?
both
avenx : What was it like working with Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson in Starsky & Hutch ?
Those cats can smoke uhearme
Shalom86 : Who 's better at smoking weed , Dave Chapelle or Dr. Dre ?
Dave chappelle !
martzzz : Are you always high before concerts/recordings ?
yessir
March1989 : I 've heard that you 've said Willie Nelson is the only person who has outsmoked you . Is this true ?
Willie is 1 of tha greatest to do it ! ! Smokn n music
spookyjack123 : Do you believe in the taxation of Mary Jane with legalization , or would you prefer to see it have little to no taxes ?
Legalize it n if that means tax it then do it
On average , how much do you smoke in a week ?
81 blunts a day x 7
© 2019 Mstars News , All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
Advertisement
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
As Hurricane Irma loomed larger and larger in the first days of September , there was much media speculation about when and how it would “ make landfall ” in the United States . We were told initially that the storm “ poses a major threat to the Caribbean and potentially to the United States next week. ” Later we were informed that it was likely to “ tear across the islands of the northern Caribbean and potentially slam into the U.S. by the weekend or early next week. ” Then headlines announced : “ Hurricane Irma slams Caribbean islands ; expected to hit US next week . ”
As Irma headed toward the Florida Keys , Dr. AccuWeather 's Joel Myers lamented that , “ Unfortunately , there is no way the United States is going to avoid another catastrophic weather event . ”
The problem with all this storm coverage—which has dominated broadcast , print , and digital reporting for the better part of two weeks—has been a stubborn lack of precision regarding what is the United States .
Long before Hurricane Irma 's wind gusts and storm surges struck Florida Sunday , they were battering the United States .
Puerto Rico was , according to the BBC , pummeled last week by “ waves of up to 30 feet off the capital San Juan. ” That report noted that , “ Although the US territory avoided a direct hit , its infrastructure was badly affected—more than half of the island 's three million residents were without power and officials said many could be cut off for several days . At least three deaths were reported on the island. ” The storm appears to have been even rougher on the Virgin Islands . Widespread damage was reported and at least four people were killed . All that remained of some homes were foundations . And , to make matters worse , communications systems were down
The rebuilding process will be arduous , and expensive . Massive amounts of federal aid will be required by territories that experienced financial trouble long before this brutal storm season arrived . Puerto Rico has experienced fiscal turmoil in recent years at least in part because it is not allowed to respond to economic downturns in the same way states are , and because of the austerity agendas that have long been applied to US territories .
“ This is not an event that is occurring in the Netherlands , where they 're ready for it and they have a strong economy , ” Miguel A. Soto-Class , the president of the Center for a New Economy , a research group on the island , said as concerns about Hurricane Irma arose . “ This is an event happening on a very poor island that 's been in a depression for the last 10 years . ”
The Virgin Islands have also experienced hardship . As The New York Times explained earlier this year ,
The public debts of the Virgin Islands are much smaller than those of Puerto Rico , which effectively declared bankruptcy in May . But so is its population , and therefore its ability to pay . This tropical territory of roughly 100,000 people owes some $ 6.5 billion to pensioners and creditors . Now , a combination of factors—insufficient tax revenue , a weak pension system , the loss of a major employer and a new reluctance in the markets to lend the Virgin Islands any more money—has made it almost impossible for the government to meet its obligations . In January , the Virgin Islands found itself unable to borrow and nearly out of funds for basic government operations .
These islands will need to make big asks of federal officials in coming days , weeks , and months . Yet , unlike Texas ( which is still recovering from Hurricane Harvey ) and Florida ( which on Sunday was hard hit by Irma ) , Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands do not have elected advocates in Washington .
Puerto Rico has no voting representation in the House , the Senate , or the Electoral College that chooses the president . This has always been the case , despite the fact that Puerto Rico is home to roughly 3.5 million American citizens—more than Iowa , Kansas , Nebraska , Nevada , and 17 other US states .
The US Virgin Islands are home to more than 100,000 US citizens who have no voting representatives in Congress , and no voice in presidential elections . Guam , which has been much in the news of late because of North Korean threats and Donald Trump 's responses to them , is home to more than 160,000 US citizens , but also sits on the sidelines at election time .
US territories have a combined population of more than 4.1 million Americans . Add to their total the population of the District of Columbia , which is allowed to vote in presidential elections but that is not allowed to choose to vote members of the US House or the US Senate , and the number gets close to 5 million .
Almost 5 million people , and not one voting representative in Congress .
Compare that with Wyoming , which elects a voting member of the US House , and two voting members of the US Senate . Wyoming also casts three votes in the Electoral College . The state 's total population is roughly 560,000 .
Anyone who respects the basic premises of democracy will recognize that this electoral imbalance is atrocious—and potentially devastating for racially and ethnically diverse parts of the United States that need a voice and a vote when it comes to federal disaster relief and general budgeting .
There are proposals to address the imbalance . Puerto Rico recently voted to expand its exploration of the statehood option . There 's also an independence movement there .
But even if US territories retain their current status , their citizens should have voting representation in Congress and a right to cast ballots in presidential elections . For those who argue that size is a barrier to representation , one response might be to link regional island groups together for purposes of democratic inclusion—aligning Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , for instance . But it is important to remember that a number of current states achieved statehood at a point when their populations were much smaller than the current populations of the Virgin Islands or Guam .
Serious proposals to expand American democracy invariably inspire spirited debates—as we 've seen when representation demands have been made by the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico . What is dispiriting , and irresponsible , is the general avoidance by federal officials of discussions about how to assure that all US citizens are fully represented in our government . It should not take a disaster to make real the promise of American democracy . But this disaster does remind us that the work of building a more perfect union is incomplete .
President Donald Trump 's conversations with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull have long been the subject of intrigue about what exactly was said . But on Thursday , The Washington Post released transcripts of those exchanges ; however , the speculation can be replaced by something Trump almost certainly wants even less : humiliation .
1 . Trump basically begged the Mexican president not to publicly state that they would n't pay for the border wall .
Advertisement :
But you can not say anymore that the United States is going to pay for the wall . I am just going to say that we are working it out . Believe it or not , this is the least important thing that we are talking about , but politically this might be the most important talk about .
Trump acknowledging that the wall is more important as a political talking point than an actual policy may be a pretty big deal .
But you can not say that to the press . The press is going to go with that and I can not live with that . You can not say that to the press because I can not negotiate under those circumstances .
2 . Trump did n't seem to know the difference between Cubans and Mexicans .
In the latest election , I won with a large percentage of Hispanic voters . I do not know if you heard , but with Cuba , I had 84 percent , with the Cuban-American vote . But overall generally , I had well over 30 percent and everyone was shocked to see this . I understand the community and they understand me , and I have a great respect for the Mexican people .
For what it 's worth , Trump actually won only 28 percent of the Hispanic vote .
3 . Trump insulted New Hampshire .
Up in New Hampshire – I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den – is coming from the southern border .
Though Trump won New Hampshire in the Republican primary , he lost the state in the general election .
4 . Trump predicted that he and Nieto will be remembered as `` fathers of our country '' if they have a good relationship .
I will say with you representing Mexico and me representing the United States we will have a good agreement and we will almost become the fathers of our country – almost not quite okay ?
A country 's `` father '' is usually an individual who helped in its formation .
Advertisement :
5 . Trump said that Australia sending 2,000 refugees to the United States would make him `` look bad . ''
Well , actually I just called for a total ban on Syria and from many different countries from where there is terror , and extreme vetting for everyone else – and somebody told me yesterday that close to 2,000 people are coming who are really probably troublesome . And I am saying , boy that will make us look awfully bad . Here I am calling for a ban where I am not letting anybody in and we take 2,000 people . Really it looks like 2,000 people that Australia does not want and I do not blame you by the way , but the United States has become like a dumping ground .
Later Trump compared the prospect of letting in the Australian migrants to the Mariel Boatlift , when Cuban dictator Fidel Castro allowed 2,500 criminals and mentally ill individuals leave Cuba ( along with hundreds of thousands of other people ) in order to embarrass President Jimmy Carter .
I hate taking these people . I guarantee you they are bad . That is why they are in prison right now . They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people .
6 . Trump brought up the Boston Marathon bombers but did n't know anything about them .
Later in his conversation with Turnbull , Trump showed that he did n't know where the Tsarnaev brothers came from .
Trump : Can Australia give me a guarantee that if we have any problems – you know that is what they said about the Boston bombers . They said they were wonderful young men .
Turnbull : They were Russians . They were not from any of these countries .
Unexpectedly , and without explanation , my @ rsmccain Twitter account was suspended Friday evening . Based on past experiences , my guess would be that this resulted from a complaint by one of the leading “ social justice warriors ” ( SJWs ) who have been at war with # GamerGate since August 2014 . However , there was no reason stated for the suspension , and who knows ? So I 've switched to the @ SexTroubleBook account I created to promote my book and meanwhile , friends who are fed up with Twitter 's bias and censorship started the # FreeStacy hashtag . This morning I shared some thoughts with a blogger friend who followed the # GamerGate saga :
As I have said for years : Being notorious is not the same as being famous , but it 's better than being anonymous .
That is to say , I do n't often complain about being hated or misunderstood . It comes with the territory . I started out in the news business as a $ 4.50-an-hour staff writer for a tiny weekly newspaper in Austell , Georgia . Most people have no idea what I did before I got involved in political journalism as an assistant national editor for The Washington Times in 1997 , or even have any idea of the work I did there . The vast majority of people who read my blog or follow my Twitter feed have no knowledge of or interest in my personal “ backstory. ” It 's not about me . I am not the story . I am the guy telling the story , or I am the guy making jokes about the story . I understand that . But I think some people in the New Media era lose sight of this reality .
Politics is like football . It 's a team sport . Until I was in my mid-30s , I was a very partisan Democrat . Bill Clinton ( who I voted for in 1992 ) cured me of my Democrat loyalty . During the 1990s , I began a rather deep autodidactic study of politics , history , economics , philosophy , etc . My politics are conservative , my economics are Austrian , my faith is Christian . It 's that simple — and certain people HATE me for it . But those people hate everybody who is not a Democrat . Fine . I understand that kind of hate , having once been a Democrat myself , but Democrats think of their personal hatred as “ social justice. ” And so I understand them better than they understand me .
However , it 's not about me . . . .
You can read the whole thing at The Ralph Retort .
This has been a crazy experience , but then again , my whole life has been a crazy experience , so I 'm cool with it .
UPDATE : Linked by Darleen Click at Protein Wisdom , Legal Insurrection , Da Tech Guy Blog , Battleswarm , featured at Twitchy , Vox Day , now a Memeorandum thread and welcome , Instapundit readers !
UPDATE II : Robby Soave quotes me accurately at Reason magazine , and they 'll probably never forgive him for it .
In wake of Robert Stacy McCain 's banning , I have some questions for Twitter 's Ministry of Truth https : //t.co/hrdFDjY2ad # FreeStacy @ rsmccain — Robby Soave ( @ robbysoave ) February 20 , 2016
UPDATE III : Here 's a podcast I did today :
UPDATE IV : Linked by Donald Douglas at American Power and by Dean Esmay at Dean 's World . Arguably the most interesting post , however , is Ken White at Popehat explaining why he really , really dislikes me and yet . . .
Well , he hates me with every fiber of his being , which is OK . It is a free country , and nobody is required to like me , or even to pretend to like me . However , if Hillary is elected president and our nation descends into anarchy and civil war , and from this chaos emerges a military junta in need of a Supreme Leader as figurehead of New America , I 'm available for the gig .
Under such a regime , Generalissimo McCain will not only be obeyed , but also respected and , in fact , it will be the duty of his people to admire and praise the Generalissimo .
Is such an outcome . . . likely ? Probably not , but you ca n't say it is impossible . You are my people , America , and should circumstances require me to rescue our beloved nation — a swift coup d'état , at a time of crisis — then you understand it will be my duty to answer the call . The Enemies of the People will tremble ! And the enemies of the Generalissimo are also the Enemies of the People , obviously .
Blog wars ? The Generalissimo will be merciful . It would ill behoove the junta to be settling personal grudges and besides , our manpower will be strained to its limits , rounding up Women 's Studies majors and feminist Tumblr bloggers , giving them a few days ' training , loading them onto C-130s and dropping them by parachute into places like Afghanistan , Yemen , Syria , Iraq , etc. , as part of our effort to bring about world peace .
`` When fascism comes to America , it will be
wearing a pantsuit and barking like a chihuahua . '' pic.twitter.com/eqXBeKgHrV — Sex Trouble ( @ SexTroubleBook ) February 20 , 2016
< A rel= ” nofollow ” HREF= ” http : //ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q ? ServiceVersion=20070822 & MarketPlace=US & ID=V20070822 % 2FUS % 2Ftheamericanre-20 % 2F8001 % 2Fab0c1f86-69ab-4d3a-848e-61b5fdbfa164 & Operation=NoScript ” > Amazon.com Widgets < /A >
Share this : Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Dallas Cowboys have overtaken Real Madrid as the world 's most valuable sports team .
That is according to Forbes Magazine , who have compiled a list of the top 50 teams from all sports .
The NFL franchise is valued at $ 4billion ( £3billion ) .
La Liga duo Real Madrid ( $ 3.6bn ) and Barcelona ( $ 3.5bn ) are second and third respectively while the New York Yankees ( $ 3.4bn ) , at No.4 , are the most valuable baseball team .
Manchester United , who complete the top five , are the highest ranking English team .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Clive Rose )
Arsenal ( No.23 ) , Manchester City ( 28 ) , Chelsea ( 36 ) and Liverpool ( 41 ) also make the list .
The world 's most valuable basketball franchise , say Forbes , is the New York Knicks ( $ 3bn ) .
In total , 27 NFL franchise feature in the list . The rest of the top 50 is comprised of teams from European football ( eight ) , NBA ( eight ) and MLB ( seven ) .
Forbes say they used their own valuations done in the past year for the NFL , NHL , NBA , MLB , F1 , football , and Nascar . Their team values are enterprise values ( equity plus debt ) based on current stadium deals ( unless a new stadium is pending ) .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : Reuters )
The Catholic Church has pulled out of a national dialogue in Congo amid a stand-off between the country 's president and the opposition .
“ Only an inclusive dialogue which respects the constitutional order will provide a framework for resolving our crisis , ” said Archbishop Marcel Utembi Tapa of Kisangani , president of the Congolese bishops ' conference . “ A large part of our fellow citizens will not feel themselves affected by a compromise which fails to obtain real solutions . ”
The statement was published this week as Congo 's main opposition leaders boycotted talks in the capital .
The Church 's representative at the national dialogue , Mgr Donatien Nshole , told Voice of America that the bishops ' conference believed President Joseph Kabila should not be seeking a third term and would not sign an accord that failed “ to engage all political actors ” and “ respect the constitutional order . ”
Archbishop Utembi said the Church had urged the government to meet opposition preconditions , including the release of political prisoners and return of seized media , and would continue pressing for “ a wide consensus . ”
In August the Catholic bishops ' conference launched a mediation plan after opposition leaders accused Kabila of seeking to keep power by delaying autumn elections .
The Pope expressed concern about the crisis during a 20-minute meeting with Kabila at the Vatican late last month , a week after security forces dispersed opposition protesters in Kinshasa , killing 49 and injuring and arresting hundreds more .
A Vatican statement said both sides had underlined the need for “ a respectful and inclusive dialogue ” among politicians , civil society representatives and religious communities .
However , speaking on October 4 , Kabila confirmed he favoured postponing the elections . Congo 's electoral commission warned revising electoral lists could take until November 2018 .
Up to six million people died in a series of 1995-2003 wars in Congo , formerly Zaire , where armed groups have exploited a lack of stable government to plunder natural resources .
Liam Gallagher has his debut solo album out on 6 October , and is deploying a bijoux marketing campaign based on musical snippets , a mysterious poster campaign , and word of mouth from key influencers .
I 'm kidding . In promo interviews this week , Liam has poured nitrous into the music news cycle , and his own mythos , with an extraordinarily varied series of statements . First up , there 's the self-aggrandisement where you could see the words themselves doing the classic Liam swagger : “ My head , you split that open , there 's a fucking 24 packs going on ” ; “ I 'm like Forrest Gump , but cooler-looking ” .
There have been amusing disses and malapropisms : he called James Corden a “ fat bloke ” and a “ knobhead ” while mistakenly dubbing Gavin and Stacey “ Kevin and Perry ” , and referred to US rapper A $ AP Rocky as WhatsApp Ricky ( calling it “ a better fucking name anyway ” when corrected ) . Jay-Z was dismissed for his 4:44 album which rakes over his and Beyoncé 's marital strife : “ That should be left to your fuckin ' psychiatric fuckin ' chair , innit ? Sum it all up in one song . The whole fuckin ' record ? I 'm not having that . ”
Bono got slagged off for trying to give Liam the “ Bono chat ” , where he explains the mysteries of rock stardom to young up-and-comers : “ Wish I 'd had an out-of-body experience instead . Not in my Top 50. ” British dance-rock bands “ should be ashamed of the shit they put out ” ; Mick Jagger was “ ol ' dinosaur hips ” . Even the sea has got it in the neck . “ Fuck the sea . I ai n't going in that . Fuck that , mate . That ai n't meant for us . That 's meant for the sharks , and the jellyfish , tadpoles and stuff . ”
The Gallagher brothers ' saga meanwhile got another airing , and is now turning into a sitcom a little like Frasier or Friends – a load of easy , satisfying gags with a long-running romantic will-they-won't-they backdrop . Liam acknowledged : “ I would prefer to be speaking about an Oasis album than a Liam solo album . And I know Noel Gallagher would . We 're better together. ” And : “ Me and our kid do n't speak and that 's the saddest thing about it . We 've got to start becoming brothers and friends again. ” Meanwhile , Noel is “ corporate ” and a “ working class traitor ” , and Liam would “ rather fucking work in McDonald 's ” than play with him at the moment .
Ultimately , the glee with which the press jumps on each of these quotes is testament to just how bland and humourless the rest of the pop and rock pack is today , whether it 's Justin Bieber 's burbling 12-step enlightenment , Katy Perry 's relentless solipsism or walking Fat Face moodboard Ed Sheeran getting prickly at people on social media . These are stars who ca n't square their off-stage image with their on-stage personas , and chase a version of their authentic selves down an endless corridor . Liam however is that rare beast : a truly charismatic frontman whose id and ego get the beers in rather than squabble .
While admittedly he sometimes veers into grumpy-old-man grumbling , Liam voices the latent , panicky feeling that everything in our culture is just not very good . “ Everything 's fuckin ' shit , ” he told Noisey . “ Even the cars . Look out there now . See these cars ? They look like they took fuckin ' 20 minutes to make , like they came straight out of a Kinder Egg . Even the buildings . Everything ! Even the seats on fuckin ' trains , man . They 're like ironing boards. ” Cynics might say this is all just to generate noise for a new single coming out this week , but Liam remains rare and valuable : he looks aghast at how small our worlds have become and says something about it , and that will keep him in our hearts – and the news cycle – longer than most .
This article contains affiliate links , which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase . All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative .
The links are powered by Skimlinks . By clicking on an affiliate link , you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set . More information .
Bragging rights and building momentum for next season are basically all that 's on the line in the 120th edition of the Civil War . Oregon and Oregon State are locked into a battle for last place in the Pac-12 North . Still , both teams enter Saturday 's game on a high note .
Oregon ( 4-7 , 2-6 Pac-12 ) earned just its second conference victory of the season after stunning then-No . 12 Utah 30-28 last Saturday . The Ducks rolled up 575 total yards on the Utes to rally from a 14-3 third-quarter deficit . Oregon finished off the comeback on Justin Herbert 's third touchdown pass – a 17-yard strike to Darren Carrington with two seconds left .
Oregon State ( 3-8 , 2-6 ) snapped a five game losing streak with a dominant 42-17 victory over Arizona . The Beavers led wire-to-wire while totaling 475 yards on offense . Marcus McMaryion played a near-perfect game at quarterback , throwing for 265 yards and five touchdowns on 16-of-19 passing .
Oregon leads the all-time series 63-46-10 . The Ducks have won eight straight Civil War games dating back to 2008 . Oregon State is looking for its first home win over Oregon since edging the Ducks 30-28 in 2006 – the first of back-to-back wins for the Beavers in the series .
Oregon at Oregon State
Kickoff : Saturday Nov. 26 at 4 p.m . ET
TV Channel : Pac-12 Networks
Spread : Oregon -3
Things to Watch
1 . Can Oregon 's defense keep progressing ?
Holding Utah 's offense to just three touchdowns represented a major breakthrough for the Ducks . Going into the game , Oregon ranked 120th or worst nationally in rushing defense , passing defense , total defense and scoring defense . The Ducks had held just three Pac-12 opponents under 50 points .
Utah managed 453 total yards , but could n't finish drives at critical junctures . Oregon forced the Utes to punt on four consecutive drives spanning the third and fourth quarters and held Utah to just 39 yards during that stretch . The Utes also struggled in the first half as well , failing to convert a fourth-and-1 at the Oregon 28 on their second drive of the game . They followed that up by turning over the ball on a fumble after reaching the red zone in the second quarter .
Utah 's seven first-half points are the fewest allowed by the Ducks in Pac-12 play in 2016 . It helped position Oregon to win for the first time under head coach Mark Helfrich when trailing after three quarters . The Ducks were 0-12 previously in those situations .
2 . Has Oregon State 's offense found a rhythm ?
Threatening opposing defenses has been a major challenge for Oregon State this season . The Beavers may have finally turned a corner against Arizona . Oregon State scored on six of eight drives and punted just once the entire game . Improved production from QB Marcus McMaryion and RB Ryan Nall was a driving force behind it .
For McMaryion , it represented his finest game for the Beavers to date . The sophomore set career highs in touchdown passes ( 5 ) and completion percentage ( .842 ) . He also notched his second straight 200-yard passing game – his third overall since taking over for injured starter Darell Garretson .
Nall finished with 124 yards and a touchdown on the ground , while averaging 5.4 yards per carry . The sophomore now has three 100-yard rushing games this season and it 's proving to be a winning formula for Oregon State . The Beavers are 2-1 in those contests while averaging 40 points per game .
After averaging 21 points per game over its first four Pac-12 games , Oregon State has averaged 28 points versus its last four conference opponents .
3 . Will Royce Freeman eclipse 1,000 rushing yards again ?
Yards have not come easy for Freeman this season . He has tallied just 839 yards and nine touchdowns on the ground heading into Oregon 's season finale . He is almost a 1,000 yards off his rushing total from a season ago , partially because of being hampered for several games by a knee injury that he suffered against Nebraska .
Freeman has a chance to end things on a high note . He needs just 161 yards to clinch a third straight 1,000-yard season , becoming the first Oregon running back to achieve that feat since LaMichael James did it from 2009-11 . Freeman has tallied four 100-yard games in 2016 – his latest being a 129-yard outing against Utah .
The Ducks have had a 1,000-yard rusher for nine consecutive seasons . It is the longest active streak among all FBS teams .
Final Analysis
In most seasons , this would feel like an automatic win for Oregon . The Ducks have been on a higher plane than Oregon State for much of the past decade . Things are different for the Beavers this season . Oregon State is turning into a solid defensive team and also is finally making strides on offense . Oregon finally put together a decent performance on defense against Utah . Asking the Ducks to do it two weeks in a row might be a stretch .
Prediction : Oregon State 38 , Oregon 35
— Written by John Coon , who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network . Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets , including The Associated Press , Salt Lake Tribune , ESPN , Deseret News , MaxPreps , Yahoo ! Sports and many others . Follow him on Twitter @ johncoonsports .
Many leaders and successful individuals find their motivation through reading and committing to the advice of some of the best quotes out there . You may not have the time to read an entire book so why not keep a collection of tried and true quotes that are guaranteed to motivate and inspire you to get the job done ?
Well we have collected 50 of the best quotes from around the world to share with you , so that you can be inspired to live your life in the most epic way possible .
Here is a collection of 50 of the world 's best quotes that leaders and legends live by .
50 of The Best Quotes To Live By
“ There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve : the fear of failure. ” – Paulo Coelho
“ If you really want to do something you 'll find a way , if you do n't you 'll find an excuse. ” – Jim Rohn
“ Great people , no matter their field , have similar habits . Learn them and use them in your own quest for greatness. ” – Paula Andress
“ Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. ” – Henry Ford
“ Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think , not wonder , not imagine , not obsess . Just breathe and have faith that everything will work out for the best. ” – Unknown
“ Choose a job you love , & you will never have to work a day in your life . – Confucius
“ Great things never came from comfort zones. ” – Unknown
“ If we do n't change , we do n't grow . If we do n't grow , we are n't really living. ” – Gail Sheehy
“ Two things define you . Your patience when you have nothing , your attitude when you have everything. ” – Unknown
“ STOP looking back ! ! ! ! When your past calls do NOT pick up ! ! it has nothing new to say. ” – Rev Run
“ You choose the # life you live . If you do n't like it , it 's on you to change it because no one else is going to do it for you. ” – Kim Kiyosaki
“ The biggest mistake you 'll ever make is letting people stay in your life for longer than they deserve. ” – Unknown
“ Greatness is not found in possessions , power , position , or prestige . It is discovered in goodness , humility , service , & character. ” – WA Ward
“ Critical feedback is the breakfast of champions . Defensiveness is the dinner of losers. ” – Dharmesh Shah
“ Before you dismiss a beginner 's work , remember how much you sucked when you started . You probably sucked worse , actually. ” – Jason Fried
“ You can not control everything that happens to you ; you can only control the way you respond to what happens . In your response is your power. ” – Unknown
“ Do n't be pushed by your problems . Be led by your dreams. ” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“ You do n't have to be great to start , but you have to start to be great. ” – Zig Ziglar
“ You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you. ” – John Bunyan
“ Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ” – Winston Churchill
“ If you want it , become it. ” – Mastin Kipp
“ In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. ” – Albert Einstein
“ If it is n't a little scary it probably is n't worth your time. ” – Ted Murphy
“ You were born with the ability to change someone 's life – do n't ever waste it. ” – Dale Partridge
“ If you worry about what might be , and wonder what might have been , you will ignore what is. ” – Unknown
“ There are no secrets to success . It is the result of preparation , hard work and learning from failure. ” – Colin Powell
“ Life is accumulative – Either our errors accumulate to what we do n't get , or our wise decisions accumulate into what we do get. ” – Jim Rohn
“ Do n't allow your past or present condition to control you . It 's just a process that you 're going through to get you to the next level. ” – T.D Jakes
“ Often what may appear as a detour in life is actually the most direct and empowering path to your destination. ” – James Arthur Ray
“ You will meet two kinds of people in life : ones who build you up and ones who tear you down . But in the end , you 'll thank them both. ” – Unknown
“ The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that changing really quickly , the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. ” – Mark Zuckerberg
“ Do n't be afraid of failure , be afraid of not trying in the first place. ” – Marie Forleo
“ Never ignore someone who cares for you because someday you 'll realize you 've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones. ” – Unknown
“ If you are honest , truthful , and transparent , people trust you . If people trust you , you have no grounds for fear , suspicion or jealousy. ” – Dalai Lama
“ Do n't let your happiness depend on something you may lose. ” – C. S. Lewis
“ Do n't worry what others are doing . Do you ! ” – Russell Simmons
“ Stay strong . Even when it feels like everything 's falling apart. ” – Unknown
“ Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness ; it is generally the by-product of other activities. ” – Aldous Huxley
“ Silence your critics . Ignore your haters . Delete your cynics. ” – Robin Sharma
“ Your mind is like water , when agitated it becomes difficult to see but if allowed to settle , the answer becomes clear. ” – Tsem Tulku Rinpoche
“ Failure is a prerequisite for great success . If you want to succeed faster , double your rate of failure. ” – Brian Tracy
“ I learned that courage was not the absence of fear , but the triumph over it. ” – Nelson Mandela
“ Be willing to go all out , in pursuit of your dream . Ultimately it will pay off . You are more powerful than you think you are. ” – Les Brown
“ Nothing is impossible , the word itself says ‘ I 'm possible ' ” – Audrey Hepburn
“ Do n't speak unless you can improve the silence. ” – Spanish Proverb
“ Just Remember : The people that say , “ your dreams are impossible ” have already quit on theirs. ” – Grant Cardone
“ Eventually all things fall into place . Until then , laugh at the confusion , live for the moments , and know everything happens for a reason. ” – Albert Schweitzer
“ Kiss slowly , laugh insanely , live truly and forgive quickly. ” – Paulo Coelho
“ The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away. ” – Marcus Aurelius
“ If you 're never scared or embarrassed or hurt , it means you never take any chances. ” – Julia Sorel
I hope you enjoyed this collection of quotes . Please do n't forget to share this with your friends and family on the sharebar below . Thanks !
PIVX – Progressing Towards Global Adoption ( Infographic )
There is a LOT going on inside of and external to PIVX . Sometimes , so much so , people have a hard time really grasping how much work is being done , and/or has been done already . What started as a simple community member request for an overview highlighting the various aspects/projects/endeavors of PIVX turned into a full-blown infographic that took many of us by surprise ( even those who are daily living and breathing PIVX ) . There is a LOT…and I mean , a LOT of work that has been done . There is a LOT , and I mean , a LOT more not even listed on this chart .
So , to those folks who ask “ what is PIVX doing… ” well , you can hand them this 🙂
Keep it purple people . And…a big , big shout-out to all those PIVIANS who continue to work in breathtaking ways to advance the coin , the tech , and the community .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Supporters of a Mississippi bill that would legalize school prayer say the measure would ensure religious liberty .
Both the state House and the state Senate have passed versions of the Schoolchildren 's Religious Liberties Act , but they have to agree on a single bill before anything would go to Republican Gov . Phil Bryant , the Associated Press reports .
Republican Rep. Mark Formby said that even though religious liberty is guaranteed under the Constitution , schools are afraid of getting involved in disputes over religion and are suppressing students from writing or talking about their faith in any context , the AP reports .
SEE ALSO : It 's official : Mississippi finally ratifies 13th Amendment outlawing slavery
“ I 'm not so much worried about what 's allowed as what 's disallowed , ” Mr. Formby said . “ I keep having parents come to me and complain . This would give clarity to the law . ”
“ It does n't have to restore school prayer , ” he added . “ It will allow children , on a voluntary basis , to pray or not to pray . ”
The ACLU 's interim director , Bear Atwood , said the bill will force students to listen to someone else 's religious expression at football games and graduation events . The same measure led judges to strike down a previous Mississippi law allowing student-led prayer , the AP reports .
KYODO NEWS - Jul 8 , 2017 - 19:20 | World , All
A former martial arts star claimed victory Saturday over a career politician in Mongolia 's presidential runoff election , as many voters are tired of the resource-dependent economy being mired in an extended slump .
Khaltmaa Battulga of the main opposition Democratic Part was quoted by local media as saying he will immediately work hard toward his pledge of overcoming the difficulties facing the country .
Battulga , a 54-year-old business tycoon and a former world champion in the Soviet combat sport Sambo , led the counting with 50.7 percent of the votes with about 87 percent counted so far , the General Election Commission said .
Miyegombo Enkhbold of the Mongolian People 's Party had received 41 percent of the votes in the election seen as a referendum on the government 's policy of implementing austerity measures as the country of 3 million , landlocked between China and Russia , struggles to pull its economy out of crisis .
Mongolia formerly enjoyed robust growth , with its gross domestic product growth peaking at 17.5 percent in 2011 . But following a sharp fall in global commodity prices , it is now saddled with heavy debt and its economy grew only 1 percent last year .
The government has rolled out fiscal belt-tightening measures in exchange for securing earlier this year a $ 5.5 billion International Monetary Fund-led bailout package .
The winner of Mongolia 's first ever runoff will succeed President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj of the Democratic Party , whose second and final four-year term in office ends this month .
Voter turnout for the runoff , which took place Friday , stood at 60.41 percent with about 1.2 million votes cast , the commission said , adding about 8.3 percent of the counted ballots were blank , a protest by some voters over the choice of candidates .
The commission said completion of the counting has been delayed as a flight carrying ballot papers from Europe is not expected to arrive in Ulan Bator until around midnight .
Battulga , a resource nationalist who has criticized the government 's spending cuts and Mongolia 's economic overdependence on China , garnered the most votes in the first round of the presidential election last week , but there was no definitive winner as no candidate secured the required majority .
Enkhbold finished a close second in the three-horse race on June 26 , although his party won a sweeping victory in a parliamentary election about a year ago .
Enkhbold , the 52-year-old chief of the ruling party , parliament speaker and former prime minister , was tipped as the frontrunner before the election . But he struggled to connect with voters as allegations of corrupt land reforms during his time as mayor of Ulan Bator , the capital city , hung over the campaign 's final weeks .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a rally in Anaheim , California | Spencer Platt/Getty Images Donald Trump on Brexit : Huh ? The UK 's referendum on EU membership is n't keeping The Donald up at night .
Brexit might be the most pressing issue in Europe , but it 's not registering with Donald Trump .
The presumptive Republican nominee for U.S. president did n't seem to understand what `` Brexit '' meant — a British exit from the European Union — when Michael Wolff of the Hollywood Reporter probed for his stance .
`` Brexit , your position ? '' Wolff asked .
`` Huh ? '' Trump responded .
`` Brexit , '' Wolff said .
`` Hmm , '' Trump said .
`` The Brits leaving the EU , '' Wolff said .
`` Oh yeah , I think they should leave , '' Trump said .
Wolff wrote in the piece that Trump 's `` lack of familiarity with one of the most pressing issues in Europe is for him no concern nor liability at all . ''
Trump on Wednesday announced that he will visit the U.K. on June 24 , the day after the referendum . He will officially open a golf course resort in Scotland .
In the same interview , Trump was asked if he sees himself in alignment with far-right European politicians such as France 's Marine Le Pen and Italy 's Matteo Salvini . Trump said he did not see any similarities and denied ties with Salvini , the leader of the Lega Nord , saying : `` I did n't want to meet him . ''
Trump and Salvini have met . The Italian far-right politician tweeted a picture of the two men at an election rally in Pennsylvania on April 25 . The meeting reportedly lasted 20 minutes , with Trump allegedly telling Salvini : “ I hope you become prime minister of Italy soon .
0 Man says police held him at gun point for no reason
CHATTAHOOCHEE HILLS , Ga. - A man says police held him at gunpoint for more than seven minutes over a minor traffic stop . But police say there is more to the story and the officer feared for his safety .
Travis Peek was pulled over Nov. 2 near his home on Hutcheson Ferry Road in Chattahoochee Hills .
A video camera worn by Officer David Colley recorded him telling Peek he pulled him over for not using his turn signal . Peek denies the allegation on the recording .
The officer gets Peek out of the car to question him and asks if he has any weapons . Peek tells him he does and begins to question the officer about why he 's being detained .
`` I know my rights , '' he says in the video .
Colley asked Peek to go to the other side of the car . As Peek continues to question him about being detained , the officer screams at Peek and pulls his weapon .
Peek told Channel 2 's Tom Jones he thought he was going to die .
`` I have actually seen the bullet in the gun , '' Peek said .
Peek said Colley pointed his gun at him for more than seven minutes as he waited for back-up to arrive . But he says there was no need for back-up or for Colley to pull his weapon .
`` They 're saying I was aggressive and that I was walking toward the officer . That dash cam would show that , '' he said .
Police say Colley 's dash cam did n't work because of outdated software . The camera he wore on his uniform worked but it was n't pointed at Peek at the time .
Chattahoochee Hills Police Chief Matt Rook says Peek was agitated and did move toward the officer . He says Colley was protecting himself by pulling his weapon because of the potential for danger during the stop , including a weapon Peek 's car .
`` He had a gun on the dash . He had a passenger in the vehicle who he later found had a handgun in his waistband , '' Rook said .
On the video Colley explains why he became defensive .
`` When there 's a weapon in the car I have a right to secure that weapon for my safety , '' Colley says .
Rook admits there was nothing illegal about the weapons in Peek 's car .
Back-up arrived , including former Chattahoochee Hills Police Chief Damon Jones .
Jones is on the video in an EMT uniform helping handcuff Peek 's passenger . Rook said citizens often stop and help officers .
Peek found that odd and thinks it was improper . And he still insists the officer had no reason to pull his weapon .
`` He should n't have pointed a gun at me for 7.5 minutes , '' Peek said .
Colley eventually let Peek and his passenger go , only giving Peek a citation for failing to use his turn signal .
Rook had Union City Police investigated the traffic stop . That investigation determined Colley did nothing wrong .
Peek says that 's because investigators did n't have the missing dash cam video and video from another officer who showed up .
Police say his video card was full and did n't record .
Peek is considering legal action .
Here 's why grooms usually stand on the right and brides on the left during a wedding ceremony .
Long ago , the right arm was considered the sword arm of most fighting men . If a man had to protect his bride , he would hold her with his left hand , and fight off attackers with his right arm .
The reason that men may have had to fight off others was that quite often women were kidnapped . Family members naturally wanted to rescue the stolen brides . Sometimes even during the wedding ceremony , the grooms had to fight off other men who were desirous of their brides , along with the bride 's family members . So having his right arm free was an important strategy .
This tradition is followed today by when facing the officiant , having the bride stand to the left , and the groom stand to the right .
Another reason is that the union of the right hands of the bride and groom symbolizes their union as one , their strength in being together , and the combined resources that they bring to their marriage .
Exceptions to the Tradition :
During a Jewish ceremony , the bride is often on the right , and the groom is on the left . Other exceptions you may see are military and police weddings .
CORS is cool . Cross-Origin Resource Sharing is a ( slowly ) emerging technology for the web that finally gives async web operations a way to directly grab resources from different domains . In fact , I 've already talked about it a couple of times on the Kendo UI blogs here and here .
By default , the `` same origin '' security sandbox built-in to all browsers does not allow XHR ( Ajax ) calls across different domains . You can try , sure , but you 'll get an error that looks something like this :
XMLHttpRequest can not load [ URL ] . Origin [ YOUR WEBSITE ] is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin .
This is basically a message that says you ca n't use Ajax to load resources from a different domain . But what 's that last part of the error ?
Access-Control-Allow-Origin
CORS works by adding a special header to responses from a server to the client . If a response contains the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header , and if the browser supports CORS , then there is a chance you can load the resource directly with Ajax - no need for a proxy or JSONP hacks .
Why just a chance ?
The header is capable of specifying which remote sites are allowed to load the cross-origin resources . For example , consider the following CORS header in a response from kendoui.com :
Access-Control-Allow-Origin : http : //htmlui.com
With this configuration , only scripts that originate from http : //htmlui.com are allowed to load resources from kendoui.com . Any other domain trying to use Ajax to load resources from kendoui.com will be given the standard security error message . In this way , site owners can limit which domains are allowed to load their resources with CORS .
Alternatively , site owners can grant wide-open access with the always ready to party asterisk :
Access-Control-Allow-Origin : *
Now , any site that wants to load a resource directly using Ajax can do so without getting the browser security error . It 's really a thing of beauty , and hopefully more modern web APIs will start to support CORS . You can already find CORS in action with the GeoNames.org and Last.fm APIs ( but not on Twitter or Facebook…boo… ) .
Server-side Setting
Clearly , CORS is powerful . It opens-up the tightly controlled browser security sandbox that is essential to the trusted fabric of the web . As you might expect , then , it 's a decision that must be made by site owners ( you ca n't use CORS with sites that do n't allow it ) , and it 's controlled by web server configuration .
Anyone can `` CORS-enable '' their site by simply having the web server add the necessary Access-Control-Allow-Origin header . In fact , there is an entire website dedicated to showing you how to add this header for a host of different web servers .
Dealing with Browsers
Ah , browsers . It 's never simple with browsers .
As confirmed by the super-useful CanIUse.com , support for CORS is a bit of a mixed-bag . CORS is 100 % ready to roll in :
Webkit browsers ( Chrome , Safari , iOS , Android )
Gecko browsers ( Firefox )
Trident browsers ( Internet Explorer 8+ ) * *
That 's not bad . In fact , the only major browser completely missing in this list is Opera , which is unusual . Usually Opera is a good early adopter of popular web standards . Go figure . Fortunately , Opera claims it is `` actively working '' on adding CORS support , so soon Opera will `` complete '' the browser support story .
We 'll talk about Opera more in a minute , but let 's first address IE .
Internet Explorer and XDomainRequest
It 's always something IE , and with CORS it 's the XDomainRequest object . Rather than go the route of Webkit and Gecko , IE does not reuse the XMLHttpRequest object for CORS requests . Instead , it introduces a brand-new object for cross-origin resource sharing called XDomainRequest .
So while your Ajax code for cross-domain calls looks 100 % identical to `` same-domain '' calls in Chrome and Firefox , it will have to `` fork '' in Internet Explorer to use the new XDR object with CORS requests . A pain , but a solvable problem . ( There are some other limits with XDR , but I 'll leave that to you to research . )
With this small snippet , we can write code that works with CORS XHR , XDR , and when that does n't work , some kind of fallback approach :
//Detect browser support for CORS if ( 'withCredentials ' in new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ) { / * supports cross-domain requests * / document.write ( `` CORS supported ( XHR ) '' ) ; } else { if ( typeof XDomainRequest ! == `` undefined '' ) { //Use IE-specific `` CORS '' code with XDR document.write ( `` CORS supported ( XDR ) '' ) ; } else { //Time to retreat with a fallback or polyfill document.write ( `` No CORS Support ! `` ) ; } }
( You can try this code snippet live in different browsers to confirm it works . )
The XMLHttpRequest2 object , which includes required support for CORS , can be used to feature detect browser support for CORS . If the browser 's XHR object has the XHR2 `` withCredentials '' property , we 're in business . If not , step 2 .
In step 2 , we take one more attempt to use CORS by looking for IE 's proprietary XDomainRequest object ( which works with the same Access-Control-Allow-Origin headers , by the way ) . If the XDR object exists , we 're in IE and we can write the necessary code to do XDR CORS .
Finally , if all else fails ( Opera ) , we have to either provide an alternate experience or find a hack for CORS .
Handling Opera ( or non-CORS browsers )
Assuming we reach the point where XHR2/CORS and XDR are not available , what 's the next step ? Abandon CORS ? Yell at the user ? As it turns out , you have a few choices . You can :
Use a CORS polyfill
There are a couple of rather `` hacky '' polyfills for CORS that rely on either A ) Flash under the covers , or B ) some voodoo HTML5 . Either way , they work around the browser limits and try to give you some semblance of CORS support . Use JSONP
Of course , if you can use JSONP , the argument can be made that you should just use JSONP instead of CORS for all browsers since it is still more universally supported . But let 's say you 're trying to `` evolve '' past JSONP except when you absolutely need . In that case , you can fall back to XHR and JSONP callbacks with Opera . Display an error message
The most draconian of your choices , but given most browsers do support CORS , you could simply elect to tell the less than 2 % ( on average ) users of Opera to use a different browser . Just depends on how important Opera traffic is to your site .
The choice is yours , but clearly , you have some choice . Fortunately , we 're talking about Opera and not IE , so the share of the browser market in question affected by this scenario is comparatively small .
Putting It All Together
In my Kendo UI Feed Reader demo , I use YQL to feed RSS XML directly to the browser . YQL supports CORS , so I elected to send XML to the browser instead of JSONP to highlight Kendo UI 's data source support for XML .
Unfortunately , I overlooked IE and Opera in v1 . To add support for these browsers , I modified the code to use XDR with IE and YQL JSONP with Opera .
Fixing IE with jQuery $ .ajax transports
Fixing IE was actually very easy thanks to some code written by Derek Kastner . With jQuery 1.5+ , you can create custom `` transport '' implementations to control the inner-workings of jQuery $ .ajax . Derek has done just that with XDR .
His `` iecors '' project simply creates a jQuery transport that uses XDR in jQuery $ .ajax requests when it 's needed . All I have to do is add the small JS file to my page and everything starts working . The Kendo UI Data Source , which uses jQuery $ .ajax under the covers , will now use XDR in IE .
So , I just add this to the bottom of my page , after jQuery but before any Kendo script references :
< ! -- [ if lt IE 10 ] > < ! -- iecors provides a jQuery ajax custom transport for IE8/9 XDR -- > < script src= '' scripts/jquery.iecors.js '' > < /script > < ! [ endif ] -- >
Fixing Opera with More Code and JSONP
Unfortunately , fixing Opera is not as easy . And , ultimately , there is no clean way to do CORS in Opera . My choices were to either display a `` browser not supported '' message for Opera users OR bite the bullet and `` fallback '' to YQL JSONP when CORS is just not going to work .
I elected to use the later approach .
// * * HACK for OPERA ( and non-XHR2/XDR browsers ) //For lack of a reasonable Opera workaround to support CORS , fallback to use //YQL support for JSONP when dealing with a browser than does n't support //CORS XHR or XDR if ( ! ( 'withCredentials ' in new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ) & & ! ( typeof XDomainRequest ! == `` undefined '' ) ) { _feedItemDS = new kendo.data.DataSource ( { transport : { read : { url : `` # '' , dataType : `` jsonp '' } , dialect : function ( options ) { var result = [ `` callback= ? `` , '' format=json '' ] , data = options || { } ; return result.join ( `` & '' ) ; } } , schema : { type : '' json '' , data : '' query.results.rss.channel.item '' , } } ) ; // * * END OPERA/Non-CORS HACK }
Now , Opera ( any other non-CORS browser ) will use an alternate configuration of the Kendo UI data source pointed at a JSONP endpoint and expecting a JSON response . Pretty ? No . Functional ? Yes . Sometimes , that 's what it takes to build software that runs in every major browser and platform .
Of course , you can see everything in action by visiting the updated Feed Reader demo . Full source and context are a right-click , view source away .
Bottom Line on CORS
Going forward , do you think the Kendo UI Data Source should help with some of these scenarios by automatically handling CORS in browsers like IE ? Should something like `` iecors '' be built-in to Kendo UI if jQuery core continues to omit it ? Would it be useful to see this as a core feature in the Kendo UI Data Source ? Let us know what you think .
Ultimately , if you really need to support Opera , CORS is probably more work than it 's worth right now . Just stick with JSONP . Meanwhile , supporting CORS in IE is n't hard as long as your use of CORS stays inside of XDR 's limits , so IE , Firefox , Chrome , and Safari are safe bets .
Hopefully this post helps highlight the value of CORS and how it can be used with most modern browsers . As more app code moves to the client , the need for CORS will only grow . Start playing with it today and help push web standards to the next level .
We all know there are only two types of people in the world : cat people and dog people . But data from market research firm Euromonitor suggest that these differences extend beyond individual preferences and to the realm of geopolitics : it turns out there are cat countries and dog countries , too .
Here in the U.S. , slightly more households own dogs than own cats . But Euromonitor 's numbers show that in terms of raw population , cats outnumber dogs to the tune of 2 million ( the number is closer to 4 million , by the American Veterinary Medical Association 's estimate ) . Why ? One simple explanation is that cats are more compact . You can fit more cats in a house than you can , say , golden retrievers . ( You can also geolocate a lot of them , which is fun , but entirely besides the point . )
At the state level in the U.S. , cats outnumber dogs in the Northeast and Upper Midwest . Dogs are the favorite in the South and Southwest . The most dog-friendly state is Arkansas , where dogs outnumber cats 1.35-to-1 . At the other end of the spectrum stands Massachusetts with 1.87 cats for every dog .
`` A lot of that simply has to do with population density , '' Jared Koerten , a pet industry analyst at Euromonitor , said in an interview . `` Many cities just are n't that dog-friendly . ''
Still , overall , most states have a pretty balanced cat-dog ratio .
Around the world the story is quite different . Euromonitor gave us estimates of the pet dog and cat populations in 54 countries , and some show a stark dog/cat divide . In India , for instance , pet dogs outnumber cats 10-to-1 . Dogs enjoy a 2.5-to-1 advantage in China . On the other hand , cats outnumber dogs 3-to-1 in Switzerland , Austria and Turkey .
Overall , cats are the favored pet in most of Western Europe , with the exception of Spain , Portugal and Ireland . South America is strictly dog country , as is much of Asia .
`` Some regions , like the Middle East and part of Africa , have an especially long-standing appreciation of cats , '' Koerten said . `` In Latin America it 's the complete opposite . Dogs are part of family life there . ''
World pet populations also appear to follow a few interesting—if inexplicable—trends . For one , highly developed countries , for reasons yet unclear , tend to have more balanced cat and dog populations . `` Looking across all countries , there 's a correlation between developed economies and balanced pet preferences , '' Koerten said . Brazil , as is turns out , has a strange affinity for small dogs—it has more small dogs per capita than any other country . And there 's legitimate reason to believe young Americans might be having dogs instead of babies .
There are only two types of people in the world : cat people and dog people . At the state level in the United States cats outnumber dogs in the Northeast and Upper Midwest , while dogs are the favorite in the South and Southwest . ( The Washington Post )
Top 10 dog-loving states
Rank State Cats Dogs Ratio , dogs to cats 1 Arkansas 810,000 1,097,000 1.35 2 New Mexico 533,000 703,000 1.32 3 Texas 5,565,000 7,163,000 1.29 4 Oklahoma 1,041,000 1,327,000 1.27 5 Louisiana 877,000 1,115,000 1.27 6 Mississippi 668,000 846,000 1.27 7 Arizona 1,438,000 1,798,000 1.25 8 Tennessee 1,749,000 2,157,000 1.23 9 Missouri 1,653,000 1,978,000 1.20 10 Georgia 2,162,000 2,479,000 1.15
Top 10 cat-loving states
Rank State Cats Dogs Ratio , cats to dogs 1 Massachusetts 1,593,000 850,000 1.87 2 Maryland 1,677,000 915,000 1.83 3 Maine 498,000 300,000 1.66 4 Vermont 234,000 142,000 1.65 5 Connecticut 796,000 507,000 1.57 6 District of Columbia 63,000 42,000 1.50 7 New Hampshire 309,000 212,000 1.46 8 Pennsylvania 3,544,000 2,485,000 1.43 9 New York 4,261,000 3,054,000 1.40 10 Ohio 3,786,000 2,730,000 1.39
RELATED : the Best animal photos of the week
First off , before I get into this , I 'd like to make some acknowledgements.First off , to user Frank N Stein . I do n't know if he was the first one to sew together PC cables , but I do believe he is the first person to actually show us . His tutorial is really awesome and I 've linked it below . One thing about it was that I was a bit overwhelming to see how to maneuver the thread ( not Frank 's fault ) , due to the small cables and even smaller thread . However , after watching it a few times , I was able to get it and after practicing it , I realized how easy it was.Anyways , I decided to make a tutorial on just the technique portion using a yarn to simulate the thread and 6 bamboo sticks to simulate the wires that will be sewn so that this way you can see how to move the thread around . User Pongo has also also made an excellent tutorial as well using curved needles . His tutorial is also linked.So why would you want to sew your cables ? One because if you 're going to take the time to sleeve them , you might as well put in 4-5 more hours to really give your cables that premium look ! I remember a comment on Frank 's video saying `` lol , I 'll just stick to zip ties '' and I really liked Frank 's response to that : `` And this is what separates the artists from finger painters. '' 1 . Frank N Stein 's tutorial:2 . Pongo 's Guide My recommendations are to first watch Frank 's videos , then use this tutorial , and then refer to Pongo 's guide while sewing .
David N. Weil has a new paper on this topic , and it makes some interesting points , here is one :
Net Social Security wealth of currently living Americans in 2013 was $ 12.9 trillion , or three quarters of a year 's GDP .
More generally he makes this point :
In 1700 , at the beginning of the period that he studies in his book , marketable assets were indeed pretty much the only form of wealth . But over the intervening 300 years , new types of wealth , most notably human capital and transfer wealth , have come to constitute a very significant fraction of total wealth . Thus the constancy of the wealth/income ratio as portrayed in his data is an illusion . More important , however , is the fact that the distribution of the new types of wealth that he does not measure is far more equal than , and not perfectly correlated with , wealth that falls into his analysis .
The paper is interesting throughout , the NBER version is here . The top link here leads you go an ungated pdf .
Addendum : In a new essay Piketty responds to critics .
The next flight of SpaceX 's Dragon has been realigned to a February 11 , 2014 NET ( No Earlier Than ) launch date . The launch will mark Dragon 's first ride on the upgraded Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket , potentially sporting landing legs , as Elon Musk plans his next attempt at proving the rocket 's ability to return its stages back to Earth for reuse .
CRS-3/SpX-3 :
The SpX-3 flight will carry a full launch and return complement of 1,580kg/3,476lb of payload , an increase from the previous limit of 800kg , afforded by the increased upmass capabilities of the Falcon 9 v1.1 .
For launch , Dragon will carry a record of 1 GLACIER and 2 MERLIN freezers for transporting ISS experiment samples .
Both Orbital 's Cygnus and SpaceX 's Dragon were initially provided with a December , 2013 placeholder for their resupply runs to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
However , SpaceX opted to aim for the early 2014 opportunity afforded to them in the busy Visiting Vehicle schedule .
As a result , the CRS-3 Dragon realigned its preparations for a mission that has an available berthing window ranging from January 17 , 2014 through February 16 .
Setting a launch date for February 11 – as noted in the latest Flight Planning Integration Panel ( FPIP ) presentation ( dated October 15 and available in L2 ) – results in a rendezvous and berthing with the orbital outpost on February 13 , with additional flexibility based on the initial berthing window for arrival that stretches through to the 16th of that month .
Should it be required , the ISS program could possibly arrange additional opportunities . All dates are subject to changes to manifested dates for numerous vehicles that come and go from the Station .
Should the CRS-3/SpX-3 mission remain on track for the February 13 berthing , Dragon will stay at the ISS for 30 days , prior to being unberthed and sent on its way for a re-entry and splashdown in the Pacific Ocean .
CRS-3/SpX-3 is scheduled to be the first of three Dragon missions to the ISS in 2014 . However , the dates for SpX-4 and SpX-5 are yet to be solidified , given a similar Visiting Vehicle scenario – to that employed for ORB-1/SpX-3 – exists on the manifest .
Currently , SpX-4 and Orbital 's Cygnus mission ORB-2 both have similar berthing dates in May , with a March decision point set for working out which vehicle will gain the opportunity to arrive within that timeframe . A similar scenario plays out for SpX-5 and ORB-3 between September and October .
Both vehicles use the same docking port on the ISS , meaning only one of the duo can be at the ISS at the same time .
Falcon 9 v.1.1 's Role during CRS-3/SpX-3 :
The upgraded launch vehicle successfully lofted the Cassiope satellite into orbit during its debut mission last month , paving the way for a salvo of missions , two of which may occur within a month of each other from SpaceX 's East Coast site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ( CCAFS ) in Florida .
The two upcoming launches will loft SES-8 and Thaicom-6 respectively , prior to preparations then moving towards the CRS-3/SpX-3 mission .
While the F9 v1.1 is capable of launching additional mass uphill , its main advance is the potential of it being able to return both of its stages back to Earth for reuse – hence its other name , the F9-R .
An attempt to test part of this technology took place during the Cassiope mission , with the supersonic retro-propulsion via three of the F9 's Merlin 1D engines – and a second burn involving the center engine – conducted to simulate the stage performing a precise and controlled landing .
Photographs of the recent attempt have since been published by SpaceX , showing the stage propulsively returning back to Earth , prior to hitting the ocean , as had been planned for the test .
“ The first stage hit the water relatively hard , ” noted Mr. Musk in post Cassiope launch comments . “ The most important thing is that we now believe we have all the pieces of the puzzle ( for recovery ) . ”
Another test of the Grasshopper – a 10-story Vertical Takeoff Vertical Landing ( VTVL ) vehicle designed to test the technologies needed to return a rocket back to Earth intact – also took place recently , resulting in vehicle rising to 744 meters in altitude , hovering and returning back to the launch pad .
The test lasted 78.8 seconds and was conducted at SpaceX 's rocket development facility in McGregor , Texas – as the company prepares for its next leap forward via low altitude tests of the Falcon 9 Reusable ( F9R ) development vehicle in Texas followed by high altitude testing in New Mexico .
“ If you take the Grasshopper tests , where we were able to do a precision takeoff and landing of a Falcon 9 first stage and you combine it with the results from this flight where we were able to successfully transition from vacuum to hypersonic , through supersonic , through transonic and light the engines all the way through and control the stage all the way through , ” added Mr. Musk .
“ We have all ( of ) the pieces necessary to achieve a full recovery of the boost stage . ”
One major element , however , was missing from the debut F 9 v.1.1 mission , namely the landing legs that can be seen on the Grasshopper .
While SpaceX wo n't carry out any resuable testing on the next two flights of the Falcon 9 , the CRS-3/SpX-3 F9 v1.1 may include the legs on the first stage .
“ ( For ) the next two launches , we are going to gather data from the first stage but we are not going to attempt to recover it because we 've committed to give the customers on the next two flights maximum performance of the rocket . The next recovery attempt for the first stage will be the fourth flight of this version , ” he added .
“ If landing legs end up being delayed for any reason then we wo n't hold up the ( CRS-3 ) flight for that . The schedule for that mission is mostly governed by upgrades to the Dragon spacecraft . ”
As such , with the schedule for the CRS-3 mission moving slightly to the right , SpaceX have more time to implement their next plan for re-usability , pending the successful flights of the next two missions .
( Images : via L2 's SpaceX Special Section , which includes over 1,000 unreleased hi res images from Dragon 's three flights to the ISS . Special section also contains presentations , videos , images ( Over 3,500MB in size ) , space industry member discussion and more . )
( Click here : http : //www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ – to view how you can access the best space flight content on the entire internet and directly support NASASpaceflight.com 's running costs )
* Please remember to share this article on social media using the below options . You have a responsibility to promote space flight content to your friends and family via one simple click *
A UW Center for Human Rights fellow in suing the CIA over documents relating to the El Salvadoran civil war in the 1980s and the alleged massacre of civilians during the military government 's fight against leftist rebels .
A University of Washington law-school student has filed federal Freedom of Information lawsuit alleging the Central Intelligence Agency has illegally withheld information about an El Salvador Army officer suspected of human-rights violations during that country 's civil war .
Mina Manuchehri is a fellow at the UW 's Center for Human Rights and a third-year law student . She alleges in a suit filed Friday in U.S. District Court that the CIA has withheld records regarding retired Salvadoran Army Col. Sigifredo Ochoa Perez , who is under criminal investigation in his own country for alleged involvement in the killings of civilians during El Salvador 's 1980s civil war against leftist rebels .
The lawsuit , filed on behalf of Manuchehri by attorneys from the Seattle law firm Davis Wright Tremaine , alleges the CIA has withheld documents sought under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , even though some have been released elsewhere .
The action also challenges the CIA 's denial of records relating to UCLA professor Philippe Bourgois , who survived a massacre allegedly led by Ochoa Perez in 1981 in Santa Cruz , El Salvador .
The lawsuit was filed in conjunction with a conference Monday at the UW School of Law that will include other survivors of the Santa Cruz massacre and other human-rights experts , according to a news release from the Center for Human Rights . Bourgois , a professor of psychiatry and anthropology at UCLA , will attend .
The lawsuit alleges there is “ ample evidence ” that Ochoa Perez led troops that opened fire on unarmed civilians at Santa Cruz on Nov. 14 , 1981 , and again in the town of El Calabozo in August 1981 . It alleges hundreds of civilians died in the attacks .
It claims that Ochoa Perez , a ranking officer in the military-led government , had “ adhered closely to the United States ' suggested wartime strategy ” of fighting leftist rebels attempting to overthrow the government .
The lawsuit alleges that Perez trained at the Inter-American Defense College in Washington , D.C. , and served as a commander of troops . It claims he adhered to a counterinsurgency strategy that was supported by the U.S. government .
It also claims he helped block humanitarian aid to areas thought to be occupied by guerrillas , and set up “ free-fire zones ” where troops could shoot and bomb with impunity , despite civilian populations .
The lawsuit states that Ochoa Perez is currently under investigation in El Salvador on orders of that country 's Supreme Court .
The civil war ended by treaty in 1992 .
“ Access to the documents requested by the [ UW Center for Human Rights ] could facilitate justice proceedings in these and other cases of grave rights abuses , ” the lawsuit claims .
The center claims that numerous CIA records discussing the colonel are publicly available in the Library of Congress .
However , the CIA — in response to a FOIA request Manuchehri filed in 2013 — has stated it will neither confirm nor deny the existence of records regarding Ochoa Perez 's service as a military commander during the period of the alleged massacres .
Her requests for documents include any that relate to Bourgois , a U.S. citizen .
Bourgois claims he was among roughly 1,000 villagers in Santa Cruz who came under heavy machine-gun fire and bombing by government troops .
Again , the lawsuit claims the CIA responded by stating it could not confirm nor deny the existence of records responsive to her request .
“ The CIA has wrongfully withheld the records , ” the lawsuit alleges . “ There is a substantial strong public interest in the disclosure of the documents requested . ”
Bruce Thorson-USA TODAY Sports
When the College World Series began just two days ago , three of the eight teams participating were national seeds . Now , all three find themselves in the loser 's bracket fighting for their lives .
How did this happen ? How did four underdogs all win first round games in Omaha ?
Believe it or not , once you look back at what actually went down , it all makes sense .
Starting with Game 1 , both Oregon State and Mississippi State scored less than their season averages . Oregon State actually did a decent job of executing their small-ball approach for most of the game , piling up 10 total hits . The game was lost in the eighth inning , when the Beavers stranded two runners on base . Those turned out to be the runs that would have won the game .
In the end , the loose Bulldogs came through in the clutch thanks in large part to a two-run double by Wes Rea in the top of the eighth . Mississippi State is a grind it out team that does n't seem to be phased by anything , and it showed in their Game 1 win .
Game 2 may have been a case of everyone underestimating the Indiana Hoosiers and their Big Ten pedigree . Perhaps people overlooked the fact the Indiana won two of the three games they played during the regular season against Louisville . One of those wins came when Joey DeNato took to the mound earlier in the year—he seems to have Louisville 's number and it showed on Saturday .
On the other end of the spectrum , it would appear that Louisville pitcher Chad Green was a questionable choice to start Game 2 for the Cardinals , regardless of what was going on in their rotation .
Prior to Saturday , an earlier loss to Indiana was arguably the worst outing of the season for Green . The three hits and two runs he gave up on Saturday night would be all the usually high-scoring Hoosiers would need to avoid a trip to the loser 's bracket .
Game 3 , though it was an upset of sorts , made the most sense as far the outcome goes . N.C State 's Carlos Rodon is arguably the best college pitcher in the nation and TD Ameritrade is a pitcher 's park .
Rodon was dialed in from the start , never giving the Tar Heels a chance to get going . Carolina 's 7.79 run-per-game average was no match for a pitcher who had his slider firing on all cylinders , maintained his velocity deep into the game and had the wind at his back .
Game 4 seemed to be the biggest surprise of the weekend , though it really should n't have been . Some people were dogging UCLA 's ability to score runs coming into the series , but as it turns out that may have been a good thing . The Bruins made it to Omaha despite averaging just 4.75 run-per-game on the year . That average was almost two runs lower than LSU 's ( 6.52 ) heading into the game .
If there is one park in college baseball where you need to know how to win without scoring a bunch of runs , it 's TD Ameritrade . I would argue that no team in the country is built better to win in Omaha than the UCLA Bruins .
As the CWS moves forward , the first weekend of games should be viewed more as a barometer than a series of shocking upsets .
I 've got a feeling that as we watch the winning team dog-pile on the pitchers mound next week , we 'll look back at the last two days and think—yeah , we saw this coming .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's ruling Communist Party has expelled a former party boss of northwestern Gansu province , the country 's anti-graft agency said on Friday , after an investigation showed he received bribes and was involved in “ superstitious activities ” .
In a statement on its website , the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection ( CCDI ) said Wang Sanyun , who was appointed as Gansu 's party secretary in late 2011 , had been “ passive ” in implementing the party 's key policies , “ seriously derelict ” in his duties and accepted bribes and gifts in exchange for offering promotions .
The case has been referred to prosecutors , it said .
Wang , 64 , had violated disciplinary regulations by frequenting “ private clubs ” , the statement said , adding that he had also been involved in “ superstitious activities ” over a prolonged period of time , without elaborating .
It was not possible to reach Wang or a representative for comment and it was unclear whether he had been allowed to retain a lawyer .
Wang was demoted from his post in Gansu in April to serve on a less prominent special committee of the national legislature , before being detained and placed under investigation in July .
Separately , the commission said that the former president of the country 's second-largest coal producer China Coal Energy Company Ltd , Gao Jianjun , would also be prosecuted for suspected graft after a party investigation found he took bribes and abused his power .
It was not possible to reach Gao or a representative for comment . The company did not answer calls out of business hours early on Friday evening . Gao was put under investigation in May .
President Xi Jinping has presided over a far-reaching anti-corruption drive since coming to power in 2012 , punishing more than a million party members , jailing top military figures and retired security tsar Zhou Yongkang , the most senior official toppled for corruption since 1949 .
Speaking with Fox News 's Chris Wallace , presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee announced that if elected president , he would not listen to the Supreme Court if they ruled in favor of same-sex marriage because the court is not the “ supreme being . ”
“ You seemed to indicate that as president , you would n't necessarily obey court rulings , even the Supreme Court , ” the host asked in an interview Sunday morning . “ We have operated under the principle of judicial review since the Marbury v. Madison case in 1803 . ”
Huckabee replied suggesting that , “ Presidents have understood that the Supreme Court can not make a law , they can not make it , the legislature has to make it , the executive branch has to sign it and enforce it . ”
“ And the notion that the Supreme Court comes up with the ruling and that automatically subjects the two other branches to following it defies everything there is about the three equal branches of government. ” “ The Supreme Court is not the supreme branch , ” he added . “ And for God 's sake , it 's not the Supreme Being . ”
“ We would say , ‘ Well , they ca n't do that . ' Why ca n't they do it ? They ca n't do it because it 's not in the law , ” he opined . “ We are sworn to uphold the Constitution and the law . And it has to be consistent and agreed upon with three branches of government . One ca n't overrule the other two . ”
Huckabee then , with an apparent lapse of memory asked how we would react if the Supreme Court picked the next president :
I assume he forgot that time that the Supreme Court elected George W. Bush president despite election results .
Huckabee has been in the news a lot this week , especially after coming out in vocal support of admitted child molester Josh Duggar .
You can watch Huckabee 's full interview below courtesy of Raw Story .
( Image : Fox News / Raw Story / YouTube Screenshot )
Energy Secretary Rick Perry , who once received a grade of “ D ” in a college class called “ Meats , ” shared a valuable science opinion today . Fossil fuels , the former Texas governor argued , prevent sexual assault .
Perry made the remarks during a discussion on energy policy with Chuck Todd and Axios CEO Jim VandeHei . During the remarks , Perry recalled a recent trip he 'd taken to discuss energy matters in Africa . And then he got into the really puzzling part of the discussion .
“ And it 's going to take fossil fuels to push power out into those villages in Africa , ” Perry said , “ where a young girl told me to my face , ‘ one of the reasons that electricity is so important to me is not only because I 'm not going to have to try to read by the light of the fire and have those fumes literally killing people . ' But also from the standpoint of sexual assault . When the lights are on , when you have light that shines , the righteousness , if you will , on those types of acts . ”
Putting aside the fact that those remarks would cause a person to lose a subregional Miss Texas pageant , let 's focus on what Perry is really saying here . Coal , oil , and natural gas do n't directly prevent sexual assault , although covering oneself in tar might disguise a person from the eye of potential assailants . Perry argued today that because fossil fuels provide electricity and electricity powers lights and sexual assault tends to occur in darker spaces , ergo fossil fuels prevent sexual assault .
First of all , as The Washington Post 's Christopher Ingraham notes , more light does n't necessarily lead to less crime , but people think it does .
Second of all , Rick Perry has never seemed to care about rape before this . In 2014 , as governor of Texas , he refused to state whether he was complying with a law designed to prevent prison rape , a law that had been signed by President Bush in 2003 . Maybe Perry was taking a stand against the federal government then , but it 's telling that rape victims matter or do n't matter depending on how they 're attached to other issues that Perry cares about .
But even if Rick Perry had a history of caring about rape , and even if light caused a reduction in rape , the connection between , say , coal mining and a drop in sexual assault is a stretch . There are several steps between oil and safety .
Fossil fuels prevent sexual assault sort of like how one time my cat urinated on a pile of my ex 's ties , which caused us to have a fight right before we moved in together , which caused escalating tension which led to a breakup , which led to me moving temporarily to the East Village where I discovered this little place that made deep fried hamburgers , which I ate quite a bit since this all occurred in the years before I stopped eating meat from mammals . In a way , my cat caused those hamburgers , the best hamburgers of my life .
In fact , the mining of fossil fuels is often associated with increased sex crimes and prostitution in the areas where the mining occurs . The rise in fracking across the U.S. several years back led to a subgenre of journalism documenting the social ills that accompanied the young , mostly male transient workforce . Writing for Vice in October 2013 , Peter Rugh described the way “ man camps ” that housed fracking workforces also fostered a rise in sex crimes so serious that it got the attention of the Department of Justice . There was also a sharp uptick in cases of sexually transmitted diseases in these areas .
So if we 're buying Perry 's premise , that an effect several steps removed from fossil fuels can be attributed to fossil fuels , then , by gum , fossil fuels cause gonorrhea .
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta 's warning that 800,000 civilian employees will be furloughed under sequestration brings to mind the Pentagon reporter caught fretting about being laid off if Ron Paul became president and cut the defense budget .
“ See this room ? ” the reporter said in January of last year , as CSPAN cameras waited for President Obama to unveil a new strategic review that cut defense spending by $ 487 billion over a decade . “ Two-thirds of us [ will be ] laid off if Ron Paul is president . ”
Panetta explained that sequestration does n't give him enough flexibility in how to achieve an additional $ 500 billion in spending cuts over 10 years . “ We are doing everything possible to limit the worst effects on DOD personnel — but I regret that our flexibility within the law is extremely limited , ” Defense Secretary Leon Panetta wrote in a message to the department . “ The president has used his legal authority to exempt military personnel funding from sequestration , but we have no legal authority to exempt civilian personnel funding from reductions . ”
White House chief of staff Denis McDonough conceded on Sunday that sequestration could be replaced with spending cuts , rather than the new round of tax increases that Obama demands .
“ Is it really impossible to find less than 3 percent of savings in a federal budget without making this kind of horrible cuts ? ” ABC 's Jonathan Karl asked McDonough .
“ You know what , it 's not impossible , ” McDonough replied .
House Republicans have passed two bills that identify alternative spending cuts , but their messaging on the issue has been “ astonishingly bad , ” according to The Washington Examiner 's Byron York .
“ If the problem is one of substance — that is , if GOP leaders truly believe the cuts threaten national security but are nevertheless supporting them — then Republicans have put themselves into an untenable situation , ” Byron writes . “ If , as is more likely , the problem is one of message — that is , if Republicans believe the cuts are not only manageable without threatening national security but are also desirable as a first step toward controlling spending — then the Boehner article is sending all the wrong signals . ”
The E3 show floor is not the most effective environment in which to experience a horror game . Even with high-tech headphones on , it 's impossible to block out the sounds of countless other games and the milling crowd . So it 's pretty impressive that Outlast 2 managed to provide a few genuine scares even as I stood in front of a kiosk at the bright , flashy Microsoft booth .
While Outlast took place in a somewhat cliché ( but still scary ) abandoned asylum , the sequel moves to the Arizona desert , where investigative journalists Blake Langermann and his wife Lynn are digging deeper into an unsolved murder . Things go awry right away — the demo starts out with a crash of some sort , though because of how dark it is , we only get audio . There 's a lot of screaming .
When Blake opens his eyes , the first thing he sees is an upside-down cross burning . It 's not exactly subtle , but it sets the scene and lets us know that something is not quite right . Lynn is missing , so Blake brushes himself off to find her .
Thankfully his video camera was n't damaged in the accident . This mechanic carries over from the first game and is used in the same way . Recording every horrifying moment is a major part of the gameplay , and sometimes the camera 's night vision is the only thing lighting the way in the otherwise pitch-black night . Batteries were plentiful in the demo , but that did n't mean it was n't worrisome every time the battery indicator started flashing red . With no weapons and no way to defend himself , the camera is pretty much all Blake has .
Image : Red Barrels
Outlast 2 does a great job setting up a spooky vibe , but it 's still got predictable scares that take you out of the moment . Looking down an eerie old well , I just knew something was going to pop out of it and grab me , which is why I was n't at all startled when it happened a second later . What I did n't expect was to get pulled down into a ventilation system . After crawling around a bit , I tumbled out into a high school classroom — the ultimate horror .
A floppy disk on the teacher 's desk implied that this was not only another place , but another time as well . A note on a locker addressed to Lynn , lockers blowing open and slamming shut , chilling laughter and disturbing shrieks : all of these elements made Outlast 2 's high school unsettling . The otherworldly feel ( plus a number of jammed and inaccessible doors ) gave the demo a Silent Hill vibe .
Before any deeper meaning to the high school flashback could be uncovered , Blake was back in desert territory , and he was n't alone . Because ghastly figures tend to float in and out of the screen , it 's sometimes hard to discern what 's meant to be spooky and what 's a legitimate threat . Pro tip : if a machete-wielding figure moves toward you — and the game prompts you to run — you should run .
The chase led me to a cornfield and quickly left me out of breath . Outlast 2 recommends stopping for a bit to regain energy , but it 's kind of hard to take that suggestion seriously when a knife enthusiast is hell-bent on killing you . It was here that the camcorder 's night mode failed me ; visibility was still limited enough that I ended up running in circles through the corn , always ending up in the same place . Thus the demo ended with my own brutal murder — all in first person .
Outlast 2 is at its best when it 's working the environment , laying on the psychological horror and nudging you forward when the absolute last thing you want to do is go down that creaky staircase . It 's less great when the horror becomes more of a hassle . Thankfully , the demo had more of the former , and it creeped me out enough that I want to see more . During broad daylight . With all of the lights on .
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
The fight between Gennady Golovkin and Saul Canelo Alvarez in announced at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Gennady Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Saul Canelo Alvarez , left , and Gennady Golovkin face each other after their September fight was announced following Alvarez unanimous decision against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in the catch weight bout at T-Mobile Arena on Saturday , May 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Erik Verduzco Las Vegas Review-Journal @ Erik_Verduzco
Tickets for the middleweight showdown between Saul “ Canelo ” Alvarez and Gennady “ GGG ” Golovkin go on sale Thursday at 10 a.m .
Golovkin ( 37-0 , 33 knockouts ) will defend his middleweight belts against Alvarez ( 49-1-1 , 34 KOs ) Sept 16. at T-Mobile Arena in one of the biggest fights of the year .
Tickets are priced at $ 5,000 , $ 2,500 , $ 2,000 , $ 1,500 , $ 800 , $ 700 , $ 500 and $ 300 , not including applicable service charges and taxes . Tickets will be available online on axs.com and t-mobilearena.com , and by phone at 888-929-7849 .
A social media presale started Tuesday on axs.com . The promo code is CANELOGGG .
More Boxing : Follow all of our boxing coverage online at reviewjournal.com/boxing and @ RJ_Sports on Twitter .
Contact Gilbert Manzano at gmanzano @ reviewjournal.com . Follow @ GManzano24 on Twitter .
To honor our National Liberation Day , we decided to remind everyone ( including ourselves ) what makes us proud Bulgarians .
[ Продължи за българската версия ]
For those who do n't know , Bulgaria is an ancient country dating its origins back to 681 A.D . It 's rich in history , culture , nature and goodhearted people which makes us so in love with it . We went back to our history books , talked to our friends passionate about the topic , and collected all the impressive facts about our home . We summed up the information and created the first CV ever representing Bulgaria 's greatest moments in time .
English version CV
138 години от Освобождението на България ! Нека на този ден си припомним какво сме постигнали и продължим делото на предците ни .
Честит 3ти Март !
CV Българска версия
This is why we are proud with our past , but more important is what are we going to do about our future ?
Feel free to share the CV , so that we spread our love for Bulgaria all around the world .
Special thanks to Martin Zashev and Maya Tsaneva !
Noun Project icons created by : Nicolas Vicent , Ed Gray , Oliviu Stoian , Juan Pablo Bravo , Mike Ashley , Muhamad Ulum , Krizia Moreno , Prerak Patel , Creative Stall , Galin Kozarov , Vashte Johnson , Creative Stall , shimaru , Mourad Mokrane
With President Donald Trump reportedly contemplating radical measures to defend his beleaguered administration from investigation , the United States stands on the brink of a constitutional crisis . According to The New York Times , Trump 's staff is trying to dredge up opposition research to discredit special counsel Robert Mueller 's legal team on the investigation into the Trump campaign 's collusion with Russia in last election 's election interference . The Washington Post reports that Trump has inquired as to whether he can pardon associates , family members , and himself . And firing Mueller is a real possibility . As the New Republic 's Brian Beutler argued last night , there 's every indication that the Republican-controlled Congress will give a pass to these abuses of power , edging the American republic closer to authoritarianism .
Bob Bauer , former White House Counsel to President Barack Obama , wrote Thursday on the blog Lawfare that Trump 's gambit would end the investigation and leave only impeachment as a remedy , with Trump counting on Republicans in the House and the Senate to support him no matter what . This could pay off if the Republicans stay in line ahead of the 2018 midterm elections : at worst , if the Democrats took back the House , Trump would be impeached , but would remain in power since Democrats wo n't have the two-thirds votes necessary in the Senate to remove him . Last night , Emma Loop of BuzzFeed interviewed four Republican senators about whether firing Mueller would be a mistake . Only one , Marco Rubio of Florida , unequivocally said yes .
All of this suggests that the constitutional crisis is also a political crisis . Democrats and the larger resistance needs to make Mueller the next big political battle . Defending the special counsel goes beyond defending one single investigation ; it would be a proxy for a larger effort to guard the rule of law from a president with authoritarian aspirations . It would also be aimed at the Republican Party , letting them know that if they refuse to stand up to Trump 's thrashing of the rule of law , they will be held accountable at the election booth .
Politically , the time is right for such a pivot . The special congressional elections are in the rearview , all the key races lost , and the battle against Obamacare repeal appears to be ending with a Democratic victory . The party has the resources—the money for advertising , and energized activists for street protests—to pour into a major effort . It is time to make saving Mueller 's job the focus of a nationwide campaign .
You ca n't spend all day sitting at the computer , but sometimes remote access is almost as good . VNC Viewer from Real VNC is a way for you to connect to a computer through any number of VNC clients , and it 's pretty popular . However , it used to be a $ 10 app . Put your wallet away – it 's free now .
The app dropped to $ 0.99 early today , then to free . As we all know , when an app is made free in Google Play , it can not be made into a paid app again . The app itself has n't been updated , so no in-app purchases have been snuck in . Presumably the Android app has been dropped to free in order to push premium RealVNC client licenses . A free app simply attracts more attention , especially in the wake of Logmein cancelling its free service tier . This app should connect just fine to third-party VNC servers too .
Real VNC 's premium server option provides some additional features like encrypted connections and system authentication . There are also free basic licenses for VNC 's client if you want to go that route . Using VNC requires a bit more configuration , but it can be a powerful tool . Now you can use one of the more reliable apps without risking $ 10 .
Are you a food snob or a gastro rookie ? More Master Chef or MKR ? Do you go for the same old take away everytime you eat out , or love to try something new ?
Regardless of your foodie habits , there 's no denying Brisbane is a culinary boomtown , and , boy , is there a lot to eat ! Sometimes it can feel like you 've just put down your knife and fork and there 's yet another delectable delight just waiting to be demolished . But we 're willing to bet you have n't tried it all .
Over the years , we 've witnessed the rise of the cronut gonut , the salted caramel craze of 2013 , pork belly 's saturation point , Brisbane 's enduring love affair with all things breakfast , and more share plates than you can poke a stick at . But some meals are so good , so gosh darn delicious , they go beyond 'trendy ' and have earned a place in our hearts — and on our plates — for good .
To test your eating prowess , we 've compiled a list of the 50 things you should have eaten by now if you live in Brisbane . These are the meals we go back for , the meals we book weeks in advance , the meals we write home about . ( May they never change their menus . )
So , how much of Brisbane have you eaten ? Take our quiz below to find out if you 're a foodie supa star , or a stuck in a food rut . Simply tick off the dishes you 've tried , fill in your email address , and we 'll deliver your foodie ranking straight to your inbox . Stuck for things to do in Brisbane ? Want to try eating your way through our list ? You 're going to love this ...
Note : The deliciousness below is in no particular order , and by no means an exhaustive list . Have we missed your favourite meal in Brisbane ? Let us know in the comments below !
Carnegie Mellon University
Students using the Open Learning Initiative at Carnegie Mellon University may receive feedback through self-grading online materials , including assessments and practice exercises , but they do n't earn course credit . Particular software , such as Java and Flash , are free and necessary to install .
Biochemistry explores metabolic control , protein function , and biological membranes , among other topics . Students do n't need to be familiar with introductory biology ; however , math skills in differential calculus and basic algebra are required .
explores metabolic control , protein function , and biological membranes , among other topics . Students do n't need to be familiar with introductory biology ; however , math skills in differential calculus and basic algebra are required . Modern Biology teaches students about cell and molecular biology , biological chemistry , and metabolism . It equips biology majors with the foundation necessary for advanced coursework but can also help other students understand prevalent biology topics .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Independent learners at MIT have access to lecture videos featuring professors as well as concept quizzes , tests , or questions . They can also participate in online study groups . Credits ca n't be earned , however .
Fundamentals of Biology may appeal to individuals interested in genetics , biochemistry , recombinant DNA , and molecular biology .
may appeal to individuals interested in genetics , biochemistry , recombinant DNA , and molecular biology . Physics I : Classical Mechanics introduces kinetic gas theory along with Newtonian and fluid mechanics to first-year students .
introduces kinetic gas theory along with Newtonian and fluid mechanics to first-year students . Physics II : Electricity and Magnetism covers concepts like electromagnetic forces and waves and electric and magnetic fields .
Tufts University
These options at Tufts University do n't include all of the sessions , nor will students earn credit from them . Both courses offer lectures consisting of PDFs and slides , and textbooks are recommended .
Genetics looks at how genetic principles apply to medical practice while reviewing topics in cancer genetics , prenatal diagnosis , gene mapping , and clinical cytogenetics .
looks at how genetic principles apply to medical practice while reviewing topics in cancer genetics , prenatal diagnosis , gene mapping , and clinical cytogenetics . Introduction to Modern Physics examines the universe 's origin along with concepts introduced in the 20th century , such as the Uncertainty Principle and the special theory of relativity . Online learners can retrieve the original exams and solutions , but they do n't submit any themselves .
University of California , Berkeley
The University of California , Berkeley 's available free lectures are n't suitable for credit and they may not provide the full course content from the original class .
Astronomy 10 consists of 25 videos that explain how the universe , stars , and galaxies form and evolve . Visuals are missing for a portion of one , and another only has the last 50 minutes available .
consists of 25 videos that explain how the universe , stars , and galaxies form and evolve . Visuals are missing for a portion of one , and another only has the last 50 minutes available . Chemistry 3B teaches students about life-related chemistry . This is the second class in an organic chemistry course sequence . Building on the basics , the course highlights organic chemistry as it relates to medicine , materials , and biology . Lessons from the Fall 2012 course have been posted on the Internet while the course is ongoing .
Utah State University
At Utah State University , individuals can listen to audio lectures and obtain most of the notes . University credit is n't available , although students may pursue alternative credit options , such as CLEP exams .
General Ecology discusses energy and nutrients , water and temperature relations , population growth , food webs , and global change .
Yale University
Yale 's free online courses feature audio and video lectures , but none of them lead to course credit . Some recommend textbooks to follow along with the syllabus ' reading assignments .
The Atmosphere , The Ocean , and Environmental Change examines the controlling physical processes affecting Earth . Class sessions address global warming , ocean currents , and the ozone layer , to name a few topics .
examines the controlling physical processes affecting Earth . Class sessions address global warming , ocean currents , and the ozone layer , to name a few topics . Frontiers and Controversies in Astrophysics helps non-science majors learn about three astronomy areas , including dark energy , extra-solar planets , and black holes . Additional topics , such as planetary transits and orbits , pulsars , and Hubble 's law , are covered in the lecture series available . Accessible resources include class notes and exam solutions , but online students do n't take the exams or turn in assignments .
helps non-science majors learn about three astronomy areas , including dark energy , extra-solar planets , and black holes . Additional topics , such as planetary transits and orbits , pulsars , and Hubble 's law , are covered in the lecture series available . Accessible resources include class notes and exam solutions , but online students do n't take the exams or turn in assignments . Fundamentals of Physics aims to develop students ' quantitative-reasoning and problem-solving skills while they learn about Newton 's laws of motion , torque , and Kepler 's laws . Other topics of study include relativity , simple harmonic motion , and fluid dynamics .
Open University
Open University specializes in providing students with access to free courses in a number of subjects . Several of the school 's courses focus on environmental science .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - China agrees with the United States that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine must be respected in its dispute with Russia , the White House said in statement on Wednesday after top-level contacts between the two countries .
China is treading a cautious path in the Ukraine dispute , withholding criticism of strategic partner Russia while adhering to its traditional policy of not interfering in the affairs of other countries .
President Barack Obama 's national security adviser , Susan Rice , spoke to Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi about the Ukraine situation .
A White House statement outlining what was discussed said the two officials reaffirmed the importance to U.S.-China relations of deepening “ practical cooperation to address regional and global challenges . ”
“ They also agreed that the United States and China share an interest in supporting efforts to identify a peaceful resolution to the ongoing dispute between Russia and Ukraine that is based on respect for international law and upholds Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , ” the statement said .
The United States has engaged in global diplomatic efforts to gather opposition against Russia 's deployment of troops in the Crimea region of southern Ukraine .
Obama spoke earlier to British Prime Minister David Cameron as Washington seeks to mount European pressure on Europe .
Vice President Joe Biden talked by phone with Latvian President Andris Berzins to underscore the United States ' commitment to peace and security in the Baltic region .
The idea of collaborating with a commercial retailer such as PacSun was proposed to Jerry Lorenzo years ago , yet the Fear of God founder , creative director and designer felt the time just was n't right then . Today , F.O.G . releases its first campaign , an extension of the designer 's Fear of God endeavors .
F.O.G . is more than an affordable , accessible diffusion of the main line ; in its essence it represents the foundations of Fear of God . Familiar designs like camo-print jackets , military green cargo vests , and plaid flannel shirts are worn over items like simple waffle shirts with extra long sleeves and heather gray sweatpants . Those with an affinity for heavy layering will be drawn to the range of simple tees , elongated shirts and thermals to achieve that leggings-under-shorts combo ( in true Fear of God fashion ) . The brand tapped Gaby Sahhar once again to model a selection of outfits styled by Lorenzo and his sister Natalie Manuel in a conscious effort to align the PacSun collaboration with its original streetwear counterpart .
“ I just felt like now the high school or young college kid that 's not spending a thousand bucks on a bomber , but taking his Alpha Industries bomber and cutting off his sweatpants and putting on his own thermals , and layering them in his own way , is ready for what I can say at this level while not taking anything away from the main line . The two [ lines ] can kind of live together . I felt like partnering with PacSun was important because it 's far enough from where Fear of God sits at Barneys. ” — Jerry Lorenzo
F.O.G . Collection One hits PacSun stores December 11 . Read our exclusive interview with Jerry Lorenzo to learn more details surrounding the collaboration .
Facebook is one such service offering this . The Tor Blog has an article regarding this topic . It mentions how it is not a contradiction to use Facebook over a Tor Hidden Service . To quote from it .
[ ... ] the key point here is that anonymity is n't just about hiding from your destination .
There 's no reason to let your ISP know when or whether you 're visiting Facebook . There 's no reason for Facebook 's upstream ISP , or some agency that surveils the Internet , to learn when and whether you use Facebook . And if you do choose to tell Facebook something about you , there 's still no reason to let them automatically discover what city you 're in today while you do it .
Also , we should remember that there are some places in the world that ca n't reach Facebook . Long ago I talked to a Facebook security person who told me a fun story . When he first learned about Tor , he hated and feared it because it `` clearly '' intended to undermine their business model of learning everything about all their users . Then suddenly Iran blocked Facebook , a good chunk of the Persian Facebook population switched over to reaching Facebook via Tor , and he became a huge Tor fan because otherwise those users would have been cut off . Other countries like China followed a similar pattern after that . This switch in his mind between `` Tor as a privacy tool to let users control their own data '' to `` Tor as a communications tool to give users freedom to choose what sites they visit '' is a great example of the diversity of uses for Tor : whatever it is you think Tor is for , I guarantee there 's a person out there who uses it for something you have n't considered .
US soldiers walk through the site of a suicide attack in Kabul on October 13 , 2014 ( AFP Photo/Wakil Kohsar )
An additional 1,000 US troops will remain in Afghanistan next year to meet a temporary shortfall in NATO forces , US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Saturday during a visit to Kabul .
President Barack Obama approved the move despite an earlier plan to limit the US force to a maximum of 9,800 troops in 2015 .
A protracted Afghan election delayed the signing of security deals with the United States and NATO countries , which set back plans for Western governments to contribute troops to the post-2014 mission , Hagel said .
“ President Obama has provided US military commanders the flexibility to manage any temporary force shortfalls that we might experience for a few months as we allow for coalition troops to arrive , ” he told a press conference .
“ This will mean the delayed withdrawal of up to 1,000 US troops — so that up to 10,800 troops , rather than 9,800 , could remain in Afghanistan through the end of this year , and for the first few months of next year . ”
Concern is growing for Afghan stability as the NATO military presence declines , with the national army and police enduring record casualties in battle this year and following a series of high-profile Taliban attacks in Kabul .
About 130,000 NATO troops were fighting in Afghanistan in 2010 at the peak of the foreign intervention , after the 2001 fall of the Taliban regime that sheltered Al-Qaeda .
The NATO support force taking over on January 1 will be 12,500-strong , made up of mainly US , German and Italian troops .
Hagel said Obama 's decision did not change the new mission — which will focus on training Afghan forces — nor did it alter a long-term deadline for a US troop drawdown over the next two years .
The Pentagon chief added US forces would also maintain a limited counter-terrorism mission to prevent “ Al-Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a safe haven to threaten the United States ” .
– Progress at risk ? –
Militants have targeted foreign guest houses , embassy vehicles , US troops and Afghan army buses in Kabul over the past month , undermining claims that the insurgency is weakening as NATO 's 13-year war ends .
“ The recent wave of Taliban attacks has made clear that the international community must not waver in its support for a stable , secure , and prosperous Afghanistan , ” Hagel said .
He said Afghanistan had “ come a long way ” over the past decade and that the newly-elected government and its security forces were ready to take charge of security .
“ As difficult , as challenging , as long as this has been — by any definition , the country of Afghanistan , the people of Afghanistan are far better off today than they were 13 years ago , ” Hagel told reporters .
Afghan and outside experts tend to offer a less optimistic view of the conflict , warning of the danger of an all-out ethnic civil war .
But Hagel insisted Afghanistan would not go the way of Iraq , where another US-trained army virtually collapsed in the face of an onslaught by Islamic state jihadists after American troops left the country in 2011 .
Unlike in Iraq , the Afghan people had supported the presence of American and Western troops , Hagel said .
“ They have welcomed us . They want us to continue to help them , to support them . That 's a big difference between Afghanistan today and where we were in Iraq a few years ago , ” he said .
At their joint press conference , President Ashraf Ghani went out of his way to thank Hagel for the help of US troops .
Ghani 's remarks were a stark contrast to his predecessor Hamid Karzai , who frequently railed against the American military .
“ In 25 days , the Afghan-US relationship will witness fundamental changes , ” Ghani told the press conference .
“ From January 1 , the Afghan forces will assume countrywide security responsibility .
“ At the same time , the new relationship with the US… will begin . ”
After a prolonged crisis over a fraud-mired election , Ghani came to power in September and signed a power-sharing deal with his poll rival Abdullah Abdullah .
Afghan soldiers and police have suffered soaring casualties , with more than 4,600 killed in the first 10 months of this year .
Obama on Friday named Ashton Carter , a technocrat and academic with long experience working in the Pentagon , to replace Hagel as defense secretary .
Hagel resigned last month , rejecting accounts that he was forced out .
According to Dante 's Divine Comedy the inscription on the gates to hell says , `` Abandon hope all ye who enter here '' .
That phrase should have been emblazoned on the entrance to the North Charleston Coliseum Thursday night , as well . In their lust for war , the GOP candidates to a man forgot why the Republican party even exists .
In remonstrating noisily for even more of Washington 's imperial overreach abroad , rather than attacking its bloated and intrusive aspect at home , they forced the American people to abandon any hope for the restoration of fiscal rectitude , sound money and free markets .
It started with Senator Cruz who ignored the first question entirely and launched off into an utterly gratuitous exercise in rank demagoguery about the US sailors held for 16 hours by Iran . Said the candidate who is supposed to be talking about the Fed 's brutal war on savers and Washington 's burial of the nation 's taxpayers in public debt :
“ Today , many of us picked up our newspapers , and we were horrified to see the sight of 10 American sailors on their knees , with their hands on their heads , ” Cruz said . “ I give you my word , if I am elected President , no serviceman or servicewoman will be forced to be on their knees , and any nation that captures our fighting men will feel the full force and fury of the United States of America . ”
Oh , c'mon , Senator . This incident happened because two US riverine patrol boats , which specialize in coastal landings , wandered into Iranian territorial waters and at the very worst place imaginable . That is , about 1.5 miles from Farsi Island , which is a major base of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) -- -- the very reactionary force in Iranian politics that wants to sabotage the nuke deal and stop normalization of relations with the US no less than do Washington 's neocons .
So if someone needed to be called on the carpet by the GOP debaters , it should have been General Joseph Dunford , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The lapse of command and control in the instance was inexcusable .
After all , treading on the IRGC 's Farsi Island base could be considered the equivalent -- -- -given the debate 's geographic setting -- -- -- of firing on Fort Sumter . No US warships should have been anywhere in the vicinity -- -- especially given that the implementation schedule for dismantling much of Iran 's uranium enrichment capacity is starting right now .
But let 's cut to the chase . You ca n't let these clowns off the hook -- -- -and Senator Rubio and Governor Christie are far the worst -- -- on the grounds that this is just election time grandstanding . To the contrary , GOP politicians have become so steeped in defense pork barrel mendacity and the shrill Islamophobia rampant in Imperial Washington that they have become mindless megaphones for the Warfare State .
Now the truth is , statism is statism . You will never stop the Welfare State and the whole Keynesian predicate of interventionist monetary , fiscal and regulatory policy at home if you embrace the Warfare State and its interventionist policies abroad .
And that truth goes beyond the practical reality that in American political governance the inexorable cost of more guns is more butter . Lyndon Johnson lustily embraced that predicate , of course , until it blew up his presidency and sent the US economy into an inflationary tailspin .
But it was Ronald Reagan who proved the axiom . He gave a lot of speeches about small domestic government on the White House side of the Potomac , but was one of history 's greatest big spending statists on the Pentagon side of the river . And when push came to shove he always and often gave up his cherished domestic cuts and reforms in order to get money for the Pentagon and legislative authority for his foreign adventures .
I do know that . I negotiated the butter for guns trades that eventually left the Welfare State intact and the Warfare State bloated like never before in peacetime .
Yet my point here is not simply that Reagan tripled that size of the US defense budget based on a totally phony neocon claim that the Soviet Union was on the verge of military superiority and nuclear first strike capacity . In fact , the Evil Empire was already heading for collapse from six decades of communist economics .
Ronald Reagan 's real sin was that he swallowed hook , line and sinker what was always a phony threat because he was a statist when it came to the military and the machinery of national security . He believed everything they told him and ignored all that he knew about bureaucratic lies , exaggerations and mission creep in the domestic realm .
Stated differently , Washington has no valid mission to seek full employment and egalitarian redistribution of income at home and no legitimate purpose in acting like the world 's policeman and imperial hegemon abroad . Those untoward missions flow from the self-serving machinery of the state because invention of expansionary remits is mostly what state agencies do .
At the heart of the contemporary Warfare State 's mission creep is the misbegotten notion of American exceptionalism and the premise that the world would descend into disorder and war without US “ leadership ” and “ strength ” . In fact , that 's mainly what the GOP 's jingoistic attack pack talked about ad nauseum Thursday evening when they should have been pounding and pounding on the economic disaster minted by Washington and the Fed at home
Christie 's tone was merely the most bombastic :
“ We need to rebuild our military , and this President has let it diminish to a point where tin pot dictators like the mullahs in Iran are taking our Navy ships , ” New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie said . “ It is disgraceful , and in a Christie Administration , they would know much , much better than to do that . ”
Now how does a pot-bellied governor who is stunningly ignorant about foreign policy come to such blood-thirsty rhetoric about a minor incident that was our fault , not the mullahs ? Well , it happened by virtue of the fact that he has been feed a diet -- -- -and apparently an ample one at that -- -- of the neocon interventionist catechism that is statist through and through .
Where in the world did Washington get the right to pursue “ regime change ” when not one of the targets -- -- -- not Khadafy , Saddam Hussein , Bashar Assad , the Taliban , the Iranian mullahs , Yemen -- -- had ever posed even an iota of threat to the physical safety and security of citizens anywhere in America ?
What dog do we have in the hunt in Syria -- -which is an ancient quarrel between Sunni and Shiite -- -- -- or in Yemen , which is exactly the same ? Did we not learn anything from the destruction of Saddam 's secularist Baathist regime in Iraq , which unleashed a bloody Shiite/Sunni civil war that gave birth to the madness of ISIS ?
Has not any semblance of a civilized state and viable economy disappeared entirely after 14 years of US military mayhem in Afghanistan ? Pray tell , did the McCain/Lindsay/Rubio wing of the Senate GOP interventionist camp accomplish anything by cheering on Obama and Hillary in their Libya bombing campaign except to generate a barbaric hell on the parched deserts of North Africa ?
As to the Iranians , these GOP blowhards seem to have no clue that the National Intelligence Estimates since 2007 have concluded that Iran had no program to weaponize nukes since a small research program was abandoned in 2003 -- -- -- a conclusion that has now been verified by the IAEA pursuant to the new agreement .
Indeed , the breakthrough on the nuke deal is the most constructive step for peace in decades , but the boy Senator from Florida , who apparently still likes to play with guns , promised to tear it up on day one in the White House .
Or have these armchair warriors bothered to notice that the only boots on the ground that are ever going to contain the menace of the Islamic state is its indigenous natural enemy . That is , the Shiite crescent -- -- -Iran , Baghdad , Damascus and Hezbollah . And that if they were welcomed to the battle , Islamic State 's days would be numbered and the citizens of Lincoln NE and Rochester NY would be far more secure .
But the problem Thursday night was not just the bombastic rhetoric ; it was that they spent the whole night castigating Obama for the one area where he has made progress against the Washington leviathan -- -- -- rolling back the American imperium abroad -- -- while letting him off nearly scot free on the massive fiscal , regulatory and Obamacare/Welfare State expansion that he has presided over at home .
What was especially deplorable was the endless rant from all seven of the podiums about Obama 's alleged “ weakness ” and the purported decline of US military capacity .
Give me a break ! The defense budget this year -- -- -sequester and all -- -- will exceed $ 600 billion , and in real terms ( 2015 $ ) is still far larger than the $ 400 billion that the great Dwight Eisenhower thought was enough to contain the Soviet Union during its heyday .
Folks , please understand what all this bashing of Obama 's “ weakness ” is really all about . It 's simply a modern day version of the Big Government imperialism that goes all the way back to the power mad expostulations of Teddy Roosevelt .
In fact , most of what the GOP candidates had to say was as pointless as TR 's famously staged charge up San Juan Hill . President Obama was just as right about the ISIS enemy this time : it was originally just a JV team of ragheads on the back of Toyota pick-ups .
The Islamic State has been able to conquer the impoverished , dusty villages of the Upper Euphrates and the mostly war demolished remnants of Western Iraq for one reason alone . Namely , after destroying the Iraqi State , Washington foolishly left behind the best 21st century weapons that the Pentagon possessed with `` allies '' who had altogether different sectarian agendas .
In the end , the debate amounted to one long brawl over who could best implement General Curtis Lemay 's injunction to bomb them back to the stone age . But besides the frightful loss of life and treasure implied by their bombast , there is another thing guaranteed .
Will any GOP administration that needs to allocate massive new resources to the bloated $ 600 billion defense budget we already have in order to carry out their strenuous interventionist objectives abroad be able to repeal Obamacare , balance the budget , reform and curtail the big entitlements or bring the Fed to heel ?
Not in this lifetime . Ronald Reagan already proved that much .
,
Beef and Buckfast ? Scottish butchers create tonic-wine inspired pie BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Two young butchers in Scotland have taken the meat world by storm with their Buckfast-cured offerings , and now their products could be heading to supermarket shelves in Northern Ireland . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/life/food-drink/beef-and-buckfast-scottish-butchers-create-tonicwine-inspired-pie-31048001.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article31048000.ece/73c07/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-03-07_new_7593138_I1.JPG
Email
Two young butchers in Scotland have taken the meat world by storm with their Buckfast-cured offerings , and now their products could be heading to supermarket shelves in Northern Ireland .
Jason and his brother Gary run Rendall 's Quality Butchers in Stirling .
As a different take on the usual meat and ale pie , the boys came up with their own beef and Buckfast offering and they have not looked back since .
`` It really has taken on , '' said Jason .
`` Young and old , everyone really seems to love them .
`` It started as a one-off , but now there is a big demand . ''
He continued : `` We came down from Orkney to open our shop , and we knew Buckfast was popular , so we thought we 'd try it instead of the usual steak and ale pie . Buckfast has a reputation for being associated with violence and we wanted to show that something positive and different can come from it .
`` The response has been surprising . The products are probably the best selling in the shop .
`` We even have people from Northern Ireland coming over and taking it home with them . ''
With people travelling far and wide for the tonic wine-infused selection , the brothers have expanded their range to include bacon and will be offering haggis and black pudding .
Jason continued : `` It sweetens the meat . It 's a very versatile drink , but you really can taste the Buckfast . ''
Jason ( 32 ) and his 29-year-old brother Gary began working in an abattoir in Orkney straight after leaving school . They then graduated to the butcher 's shop and eventually opened their own business .
Last year - the first time the pair entered for an award - they swept the boards and were even named runner-up in the World Scotch Pie championships .
Such has been the popularity of their Buckfast products , the brothers are working with the drink 's manufacturer to explore introducing a range of products to sell in shops across the UK .
But if you ca n't wait , they deliver across the UK from www.onlinebutcher.co.uk .
Belfast Telegraph
GIFpitch , our latest app has just been approved by Apple and released to the App Store . The app helps you quickly create an animated GIF or your idea , business , pitch , etc . and easily share it .
When we released our Idealyzer app we wrote a post about 5 of the open source controls that we used in the app and it was our most popular post on Medium ( thanks by the way ! ) .
So , with the launch of GIFpitch we wanted to give you a run down on a few more controls that you might be able to use to jump start your next project . As always thanks to the folks that create and maintain these repositories . If you use one of these controls and you have ideas for updates please fork it or submit a pull request to give back to the community and help pay it forward .
Without further ado and in no particular order here are 7 open sources iOS controls that we used for GIFpitch…
DZNEmptyDataSet
When you have an empty data set for a UITableView or a UICollectionView a blank empty screen is very confusing for your users . How do I get started ? Is there an error or is the page is supposed to be empty ?
DZNEmptyDataSet makes it super simple to guide your users when the data set is empty and provides a call to action to help them get started . We used it to help guide users when they have n't made a pitch yet .
Github page — https : //github.com/dzenbot/DZNEmptyDataSet
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/_dzen
Empty Data Set examples
RFKeyboardToolbar
Need to add some customized buttons or views to your keyboard ? RFKeyboardToolbar is the control for you . It 's pretty simple to install and start working with . We used it as part of the GIF creation process so you can easily add slides or close the toolbar .
Github page — https : //github.com/ruddfawcett/RFKeyboardToolbar
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/ruddfawcett
Custom buttons for a keyboard
SpinKit
Apps use their network connection all the time and this introduces potential delays in the UI . We can use the default UIActivityIndicatorView to show our users progress or we can use SpinKit to customize our app and stand out from others .
Github page — https : //github.com/raymondjavaxx/SpinKit-ObjC
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/ramontorres
SpinKit example — custom UIActivityIndicatorView
CircleProgressBar
Showing your users how much progress they are making can be a key piece of functionality in your app . We use it to show users how far along they are in the GIF creation process . We could have used the default UIProgressBar but CircleProgressBar gives you great customization options , like font size , font type , inner circle radius , label display and more . This is one of our favorite open source controls that we 've used .
Github page —https : //github.com/Eclair/CircleProgressBar
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/andoriyu
CircleProgressBar and the customizations available using Interface Builder ( also available via code )
CNPPopupController
We 've all seen the plain old UIAlertView . It 's a convenient way to alert our users to actions occurring in our app but they all look the same . CNPPopupController is a great control that helps provide the same functionality of the basic UIAlertView while letting you add custom images , text , and buttons to customize your user experience .
Github page —https : //github.com/carsonperrotti/CNPPopupController
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/carsonp
A customized popup that is much better than the default UIAlertView
FLAnimatedImage
An app with GIF in the name should play animated GIFs right ? Yes , probably…Instead of reinventing the wheel and writing code to play , pause , and stop GIFs we found a great control provided by the creators of the popular Flipboard app .
This control is basically a drop-in that lets you manage your animated GIFs quickly . This was key to our ability to complete GIFpitch in under a month . As indie iOS developers we need to take advantage of any opportunity to reduce our development time because time is money !
Github page — https : //github.com/Flipboard/FLAnimatedImage
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/flipboard
Assorted animated GIFs playing using FLAnimatedImage
Acknowledgements
So you 're using all of these great controls to help with your app development project but how do you give credit to the creators of these components ? You can write code to include all of the License files but there is definitely a better answer .
The creators of cocoapods have made a perfect utility that automatically creates acknowledgements that are added to the settings of your app . Each time you install a new cocoapod this file auto-generated for you so do n't need to worry about managing these License files and you make sure to give credit where credit is due .
Github page — https : //github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/wiki/Acknowledgements
Follow the author on Twitter here — https : //twitter.com/CocoaPods
Acknowledgements generated in the Settings app for GIFpitch
We hope that these controls will help you out in your iOS app development . If you 're looking for some more controls make sure to take a look at www.cocoacontrols.com . Make it a habit to take a look once a week just to see what the community has created and it might inspire your next app .
If you want to see these controls in action take a look at our GIFpitch app . Pitch your app ideas in the app and let us know your feedback on Twitter . Thanks !
716 Labs is an indie app development studio run by Karl and Scott . Feel free to contact us if you 'd like to discuss this article , any of our apps , or anything regarding iOS app development .
The Philadelphia Flyers won the No . 2 pick , moving up from No . 13 , and the Dallas Stars get the No . 3 pick , up from No . 8 .
The Devils , who had an 8.5 percent chance at winning the lottery , will choose No . 1 for the first time since moving to New Jersey in 1982-83 . They moved up from No . 5 .
He gained a significant piece Saturday by winning the NHL Draft Lottery and the No . 1 pick in the 2017 NHL Draft , which will be held at United Center in Chicago on June 23-24 .
TORONTO -- New Jersey Devils general manager Ray Shero has been steadfast in his approach to acquire assets in an attempt to turn them into legitimate Stanley Cup Playoff contenders again .
The Devils did win the 2011 NHL Draft Lottery , which moved them up four spots to No . 4 , where they selected defenseman Adam Larsson . New Jersey traded Larsson to the Edmonton Oilers for forward Taylor Hall on June 29 .
`` You know what your odds are and it happens real quickly , but for me it 's really great for our franchise and our fans , '' Shero said . `` Especially where we 're going and what we want to do . We have 11 picks ( in the 2017 draft ) and now we have the No . 1 pick , which is a great building block for our franchise moving forward . ''
Video : Devils , Flyers , Stars earn top three picks in lottery
It was the fifth time in the past six years that the team with the best odds at winning the lottery failed to get the top pick . The Colorado Avalanche had the best odds , with an 18.0 percent chance , but will pick No . 4 . The Vancouver Canucks had the second-best odds ( 12.1 percent ) but are No . 5 .
Shero would not reveal who the Devils would select , but he did n't hold back when asked to provide some analysis of the projected top two players : center Nolan Patrick of Brandon in the Western Hockey League and center Nico Hischier of Halifax in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . Patrick is No . 1 in NHL Central Scouting 's final ranking of North American skaters .
Patrick ( 6-foot-2 , 198 pounds ) had 46 points ( 20 goals , 46 assists ) in 33 games this season . He missed 35 games because of an upper-body injury and missed Brandon 's four WHL playoff games because of a lower-body injury . He has 205 points ( 92 goals , 113 assists ) in 163 WHL games .
Video : Go inside Draft Lottery Room as picks are selected
Hischier ( 6-1 , 176 ) is No . 2 in NHL Central Scouting 's final ranking of North American skaters . He won the Mike Bossy Trophy as the best professional prospect and the Michel Bergeron Trophy as offensive rookie of the year in the QMJHL after he had 86 points ( 38 goals , 48 assists ) in 57 games in his first season in North America .
`` They are both great players , '' Shero said . `` Patrick went through injury this year but everybody knows he 's a heck of a player and he 's going to be very good . Hischier is a Swiss center with good size and talent . For us , these are two centers , two real good players . We 're going to get one heck of a player and , at this point , that 's what this franchise needs . ''
RELATED : Nolan Patrick ranked No . 1 by Central Scouting | Full Prospect Rankings
The Devils , who finished 25 points behind the Toronto Maple Leafs for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference , failed to qualify for the playoffs a fifth straight season .
Shero was asked if he would consider trading the No . 1 pick .
`` You look at everything , obviously , but I did n't consider winning the pick , so that 's a tough one to answer , '' he said . `` With the first overall pick we know who the candidates are and there should be good debate at our amateur meetings beginning Monday .
`` We got lucky . It was nothing I did , but now we have to take advantage of it . ''
The 14 NHL teams that did not qualify for the Stanley Cup Playoffs , along with the expansion Vegas Golden Knights , participated in the lottery , which assigned the top three picks in the first round .
The Golden Knights , the first NHL expansion team since the Columbus Blue Jackets and Minnesota Wild entered the League in 2000 , were inserted into the lottery with the same 10.3 percent odds as the Arizona Coyotes , the team that finished the regular season with the third-fewest points . Vegas will pick No . 6 and Arizona will pick No . 7 .
Three draws were held : the first determined the team selecting first , the second determined the team selecting second , and the third determined the team selecting third . Selections No . 16 through 31 will be determined by the results of the Stanley Cup Playoffs .
RELATED : Canucks unlucky again at NHL Draft Lottery
The Flyers made the biggest jump in position since the lottery was introduced in 1995 .
`` Hopefully , in years to come , we 'll look back at this as a huge turning point for us , '' Philadelphia general manager Ron Hextall told The Associated Press .
It is the third time a team has moved from No . 5 to No . 1 ( the New York Islanders in 2000 , selected goaltender Rick DiPietro ; Chicago Blackhawks in 2007 ; selected forward Patrick Kane ) .
The Colorado Rockies picked defenseman Rob Ramage with the No . 1 pick in the 1979 NHL Draft , before moving to New Jersey .
`` This gives some optimism and hope to our fans , who deserve it , '' Shero said . `` They 've had some tough years lately , but certainly lived through a lot of good ones as well . [ Devils coach John Hynes ] has a good track record of developing good young players , and we 're going to get one . ''
The order of the first 15 picks in the 2017 NHL Draft are as follows . Nos . 16-31 will be set following the Stanley Cup Playoffs .
1 . New Jersey Devils
2 . Philadelphia Flyers
3 . Dallas Stars
4 . Colorado Avalanche
5 . Vancouver Canucks
6 . Vegas Golden Knights
7 . Arizona Coyotes
8 . Buffalo Sabres
9 . Detroit Red Wings
10 . Florida Panthers
11 . Los Angeles Kings
12 . Carolina Hurricanes
13 . Winnipeg Jets
14 . Tampa Bay Lightning
15 . New York Islanders
Video : Recap of the 2017 NHL draft lottery results
Reported Missile Launch Is Early Test For Trump Administration 's Approach To Iran
Enlarge this image toggle caption Atta Kenare/AFP/Getty Images Atta Kenare/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 4:45 p.m . ET
U.S. officials say Iran test-fired a ballistic missile on Sunday , the first known test since President Trump took office — which could provide an early assessment of how the new administration will interpret and enforce the terms of the international deal to curb Iran 's nuclear weapons capabilities .
In a statement to the media on Monday , Iran 's foreign minister insisted that Iran 's missile program is not part of the nuclear agreement , even as he declined to confirm or deny the missile test . NPR 's Peter Kenyon reported that Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said the missile program is purely defensive .
Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , released a statement calling the test a violation of a U.N. Security Council resolution passed as a side agreement to the 2015 nuclear deal . The statement did not provide any additional information on the reported test , instead linking to a Fox News article quoting unnamed U.S. officials .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that he did not know the `` exact nature '' of the test , including the type of missile used .
Members of the Security Council met to discuss the missile launch on Tuesday afternoon , NPR 's Michele Kelemen reported .
U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley told reporters that the Trump administration had confirmed that Iran launched a medium-size missile on Sunday , calling it `` completely unacceptable . ''
`` What I told the rest of the Security Council members is we are only as good as if we enforce what happens , '' Haley said .
The nuclear deal between Iran and six countries , including the U.S. , was reached in July 2015 and required Iran to scale back its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions .
The specific issue of ballistic missile tests came up during the nuclear negotiations . A U.N. Security Council resolution in 2010 had expressly prohibited Iran from `` any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches . ''
In the final days before the nuclear deal was reached , the biggest remaining obstacle was Iran 's desire to have U.N. weapons and missile sanctions rolled back , as The Two-Way reported .
Then-Secretary of State John Kerry eventually agreed to a missile-specific side agreement to the nuclear accord . In place of an outright prohibition on missile tests , the agreement stated that Iran was `` called upon not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using such ballistic missile technology . ''
A recently released status report on the nuclear deal and missile program from the International Crisis Group think tank described the missile language as `` non-binding , '' and concluded :
`` Controversy and concerns over issues outside the nuclear accord , mainly Iran 's growing regional posture and ballistic-missile tests , have often overshadowed that the [ nuclear accord 's ] two key components — restricting and rigorously monitoring Iran 's nuclear program and sanctions relief — are working and delivering concrete results . ''
Acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner told The Associated Press on Monday that the U.S. was looking into whether Sunday 's reported missile test violated the side agreement , and that the U.S. would `` hold Iran accountable '' if it did .
The disagreement about what is and is n't allowed under the agreement cuts both ways . After the nuclear deal lifted many sanctions on Iran last year , the U.S. government imposed new sanctions specifically targeting the country 's ballistic missile program , as we reported .
`` Iran and the U.S. disagree over whether such penalties violate the nuclear accord , '' NPR 's Camila Domonoske reported at the time . Iranian officials warned the U.S. that financial penalties would be viewed by Iran 's leader as a violation of the nuclear deal , but U.S. officials contended that nonnuclear-missile-program sanctions fell outside the accord .
President Trump has attacked the nuclear deal . Addressing the pro-Israel group AIPAC in March during the presidential campaign , he said , `` My No . 1 priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . ''
Later , however , Trump advocated for renegotiating some parts of the deal or treating it as he would a bad business contract , `` policing that contract so tough that they do n't have a chance , '' Peter Kenyon reported last fall .
North Carolina folk-rockers The Avett Brothers recently released their eighth full-length album , Magpie and the Dandelion — which is also their third effort with super-producer Rick Rubin , who worked with them on their breakout hit “ I And Love And You. ” Led by single “ Another Is Waiting , ” whose video premiered here on EW.com , Magpie debuted at No . 5 on Billboard 200 , giving the banjo-plucking troupe their second straight Top 5 debut .
A few weeks before the album 's release , EW caught up with the band before a PBS taping at the McCittrick Hotel . Bassist Bob Crawford could n't participate in the interview , but brothers Seth and Scott Avett sat down with us to talk about their new music , their bird obsession , how Crawford 's young daughter is doing ( she was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 ) , and what the title Magpie and the Dandelion means .
Why are you releasing an album just a year after The Carpenter ?
Scott Avett : It used to be commonplace for us . We were hard on ourselves early on . We felt obligated to put something out every year . That felt very appropriate for some reason . So the material presented itself — we realized it was there .
You 'd recorded it already ?
Scott : Yeah , we 'd recorded most of it with The Carpenter , not thinking it would come out as an album necessarily , but maybe it would come out as singles or extra material or what not . The more we listened to it , the more we realized there was a piece , a whole there that deserved to be together and synchronized .
What made it a whole ?
Scott : That 's a good question . I think maybe spending time with it made it a whole and made it cohesive for us . We spent a lot of time listening to this album after we 'd released The Carpenter — still listening to these demos , still listening to these demos — and it being realized and revealed to us that , “ Oh my gosh , this makes sense and could be more interesting than The Carpenter . ”
Seth Avett : Here 's the other thing about this : Everyone that we played it for outside the band initially understood it as a piece . Since we did so much during those sessions and burned ourselves out so much , all of our vision around all that material from those sessions became so blurry . We could n't really see what it was . So it took time… to get a fresh view on everything .
As a piece , The Carpenter felt self-assured , like you knew where you stood in life . This album feels like you 're hearkening back to early albums , and you all feel sort of lost all over again . Is that intentional ?
Seth : I think within each song it feels intentional . Scott has used the phrase “ young wonderment , ” and there are a lot of examples of a young wonderment .
Wait , are you saying “ wonderment ” or “ wander man ? ” I actually did n't make out what you just said .
Scott : ( laughs ) Maybe both .
Seth : But “ wonder. ” It can feel more like a hearkening back [ to early albums ] because you 're bringing forth examples of not being assured , not being confident , learning things , being surprised and sometimes disappointed .
This is a weird question , but do you feel particularly inspired by birds ? There 's a lot of bird imagery in your music and album art .
Scott : There is .
Scott : Yeah , with Emotionalism , I do n't really know why that one came about , and that one came about quick . The album artwork was done in a very short period of time to make up for an album cover that we were unsure of and that I 'd spent a lot of time on and just decided was no good . So that came out , so I think we jumped the gun . But this one is more about the dynamic between a magpie and a dandelion and the characteristics between the two . The two are in songs — that presented itself to us . We realized , well , this magpie is in this song , and then there 's a reference to a dandelion in another one , and we realized the differences in the fragility , the softness , the intent of spreading a seed that a dandelion has versus this sort of abrasive and annoying thing that a magpie has — there 's a contrast there that was interesting we ( he points to Scott ) may actually share .
Who 's the magpie ?
Scott : That would be me .
Seth : And each of us wrote those parts , so that was really interesting . [ The magpie reference is in the song “ Morning Song , ” embedded here . ]
Lyrically , the bird references are there , too . Whether it 's “ Head Full of Doubt , Road Full of Promise , ” when you sing about a caged bird , or “ Souls Like the Wheels , ” when you sing about wings .
Scott : I do have something important to say about this . I think people that live in the country write a lot about it because it 's really , really relevant in their lives . When we 're at home , birds , trees , our pets , cows that are in the back yard , these are all things that are extremely present and in our face all the time , and I guess we think about them a lot . We probably write about them a lot more than we let out there . Nature is obviously a big part of country music . It always has been .
Seth : We 're also somewhat mystified — within our culture , it 's always like , “ I wan na fly like a bird ” — we 're mystified by something that 's so different than us . Snakes , it 's the same thing — so different from us . There 's something about dogs , deer , wolves , cows , whatever where we sort of understand what it would be like , in a way , to be like that , whereas with birds we can not fathom what it would be like to take flight . I think there 's something , not just in us , but in our culture . That 's the sense of wonderment . We look at [ birds ] , and we 're like , “ What would it be like to jump off a cliff and just to fly ? ”
The album opens with “ Open Ended Life , ” and there are two ways someone could interpret this song . The first is from a musical career perspective , where you always want to be able to evolve and move within the industry quickly and fluidly . The other way to look at the song is as a sarcastic rejection of the idea that you do n't need to plant your roots anywhere in life . Is it supposed to lie between those two ideas ?
Scott : Yeah , maybe they cross paths , those two things . If it 's career or art that you pack up and leave , it 's much like leaving a place , and maybe you do that more than you should . And then in little daily routines , being able to scrap something and let it go and leave it behind . Overall , it mainly was about being told by my dad , “ Get an education because if you put all your chips in one thing , it 's not guaranteed to work out. ” So I would think , “ I 've got to be able to quit at any time. ” And I 've always thought that I would quit next month or that next month I 'll change . And I still have this thought that I 'm going to just change everything I do at any moment . I do n't know why , but that song is very literal .
As a band , you have n't had an especially “ Open Ended ” existence , at least not in your relationship with your fans . It 's been really consistent .
Scott : It has been . The reality is we work really hard to be balanced . You 're probably helping me realize that that song , it 's a reminder that maybe it 's not like that at all , that maybe the song is somewhat of a pipe dream .
“ Souls Like the Wheels ” is a song you released on The Second Gleam in 2008 . Why bring that back for this CD ?
Seth : Well there are a couple reasons for that . One , we like the idea of paying homage or using the same tools as [ other artists ] . There 's one live track on Neil Young 's Harvest , and it finishes , the crowd goes nuts , and it just goes right into the next song . It 's super effective . There 's a Gillian Welch record , The Revelator , and she does the same thing . There 's just one live track . We felt like it fit with the mix . It also was the way to take the Dandeion reference , as far as something gentle and fragile , and taking that as far as you can in one direction because that song really feels like it 's just about to fall apart . So that felt like another way to really push the extremes .
Scott : The third thing is , when I was pitching the song , we had a lot of recordings of these condenser microphones where Seth and I would just do a song . So we listened to a long list , maybe 60 recordings , of what might be good for this live track . Conceptually , Seth , Bob , and I are , at times , in extremely different places . On stage , everything has never been more together , but outside of that sometimes , we 're in completely different places . Our priorities are different , our obligations and responsibilities are different , our focus is completely different . And that song is a beacon in a room full of solitude . It is a very solitary song . It 's Seth alone . It 's the only time the song has ever been played live for anybody .
When was it ?
Scott : It was in St. Louis in 2012 at the Fox Theater . [ Fortunately , someone captured the moment , embedded below . ]
Why do n't you ever play it , Seth ?
Seth : I 'm not sure . Well , I guess I am sure . I know what has made me say , “ You know I should play that song , ” and then never pushing through . It 's a very personal song to me , and it has gained a new meaning in my recent life , and it 's just a very , very personal song . Technically , it 's very different from any other song we 've ever done and also it calls for a room that has at least the potential of getting in the moment with you . It 's an interesting recording because there are a lot of people who are holding their breath and there are a lot of people that are yelling and stuff .
It has the feel of an Avett Brothers concert . When I saw you last year in Central Park there were people in front of me smoking pot and people behind me talking about a Tim Keller sermon they 'd heard that Sunday .
Scott : Exactly . That 's great .
Seth : Our shows the perfect crossroads between the scholars and the tailgaters .
Scott : We know of fans that are friends that are complete left and complete right .
And finally , how is Bob 's daughter doing ? The video you released earlier this year about her struggle in St. Jude 's Children 's Hospital was heartbreaking .
Scott : It 's just a constant struggle . They 're constantly helping her and tending to her . It 's a day by day situation , and they 've got scans every three months so they go those and hold their breath , see if she 's clear , and then go back home .
Seth : It 's a life-long shift . It 's not like the other quote-unquote tragedies . It 's impossible to describe it in one simple word or phrase because so much has come out of it — positive and negative . We have never expereienced such an earth-shifting moment . You ca n't really talk about it in past-tense . When I was 18 , 20 or whatever , you talk about a breakup like , “ Oh this is the worst thing that ever happened , ” but it 's in the past . It happened , that 's it . Hallie presenting brain cancer — that 's not in the past . That lives in the past , present , and future so there 's no short answer . But a big part of the learning experience about that has been watching positive things come out of it as far as education and union between so many people , when in the moment of the event first happening , it did n't feel like anything good could ever come of it .
ALSO READ : Our in-depth Q & A with the band last year .
Anti-smoking campaign group ASH Ireland has welcomed reports that new legislation to ban smoking in cars with children could be enacted later this year .
Under the draft legislation , which has been approved by Minister for Health James Reilly , both passengers and drivers could face large fines for smoking in a commercial or private vehicle carrying children under the age of 16 .
“ ASH Ireland first raised this issue , as a possible health initiative , with Minister Harney in 2005 , ” said chairman Dr Ross Morgan . “ In April 2010 ASH Ireland met the newly appointed Minister James Reilly and again pushed for this health initiative to be introduced - and then received a commitment from the Minister that he would proceed as soon as was feasible .
“ We now again encourage the Minister to ensure that there are no further delays with a proposal , which has been with his Department for over seven years ” Dr Morgan added .
However , smokers ' lobby group Forest Éireann described the move as “ disproportionate , illiberal and a distraction from the many more serious issues facing our country ” .
Spokesman John Mallon said that while his organisation does not condone adults who smoke in vehicles carrying children , it believed education is far better than legislation .
“ For most people their car is a private space so this is a worryingly illiberal step . What next ? A ban on smoking in the home if children are present ? ” he asked .
“ Why not a 16-team tournament ? ” Jim Harbaugh wants to know . ( Photo : David Guralnick / Detroit News )
Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh , given the opportunity to reshape the college football playoff format , would expand the field to 16 teams .
Harbaugh , appearing Wednesday morning on the “ Jamie and Stoney ” show with hosts Mike Stone and Jamie Samuelsen on 97.1 The Ticket , was asked , in light of the first College Football Playoff rankings released Tuesday night , if he would keep the field at four .
“ I would change it to 16 teams , ” Harbaugh told “ Jamie and Stoney. ” “ FCS , they 've got a great system . It 's been in place for many years . My dad won the national championship at Western Kentucky when they were I-AA in 2002 . I think that 's the best system .
“ If you look at every other sport , they have a playoff at every level and every other college sport does as well . It 's not a four-team . Basketball goes from 64 to the Final Four . I think that 's the way it should be done to have a national champion like they do in gymnastics , like they do in basketball , men 's and women 's , lacrosse , every other sport you can think of . And you already have the format with the FCS . ”
Harbaugh disagrees with the argument against expansion because it extends the season .
“ If not 16 , then 12 . It makes all sense in the world , ” Harbaugh said . “ You 've got the best way to do it , a playoff . The argument against is , well they would have to play 15 games . There are teams playing 15 , 16 games already and that 's only if you 're in the championship . Our regular season right now is 12 games . You go to the Big Ten championship , that 's 13 games . You go to the playoffs , semifinals , there 's 14 . Play in the national championship , that 's 15 . ”
2017 MICHIGAN FOOTBALL SCHEDULE
While the conference champion should earn a spot , a league should not be limited to one playoff team , Harbaugh said .
“ Some of these conferences that are 14 and 16 teams , and you win your conference and only one team goes , one team may not have played the other good teams in the conference , ” he said . “ We see that already in the Big Ten . Strength of schedule is a big determination of what your record is going to be .
“ You see that at the NFL level . That is the biggest predictor of who makes the playoffs is the strength of schedule . It does n't have to be one team from each conference . You could have 16 teams . They vote them in in the FCS , I think you could do that in the ( FBS ) . ”
Here are some highlights from Harbaugh 's appearance on the “ Jamie and Stoney ” show :
On quarterback Brandon Peters ' performance against Rutgers : “ Thought he did well , thought he acquitted himself very well . Completed balls , moved the chains and offense scored touchdowns . ”
On what took so long got get Peters on the field : “ I think they said the same about some other positions , even John O'Korn a few weeks back . Just the process of being in a ballgame , it 's a meritocracy for our team . Those positions are earned , they 're not given , and they 're not given by default . They have to be earned . You have to beat somebody out . Not the easiest thing to do at quarterback because there 's only one ball and one quarterback plays at a time . That being said , we felt it was time for Brandon to be in the game and given a chance to earn that job . I thought he acquitted himself very well as we said . Best players play and it 's by merit , by talent , effort . I would say that about every position . ”
On whether it 's his job to lose ? “ I 'm not making any statements like that . We 're going back this week of practice and want him to put a stamp , an exclamation mark on the job he did Saturday , put an exclamation mark on that in practice . He will play and it 's very likely he will start the game , because I believe he will put an exclamation on that in practice this week . ”
On how they 've worked on helping Peters get louder : “ We started as a freshman , talked to a few professionals on campus and then just finally , ‘ You 've got to be a lot louder here . You 've got to be real loud . This is how loud it 's going to be . ' He had a big inflection point during training camp where , that 's good , now , let 's get a little better . It 's been a process . I think he 's really at a good level , cadence-wise , etc . Communication is key in football , did well Saturday , let 's come back and put an exclamation on it in practice this week and look forward to the ballgame Saturday . ”
On how happy he is with the program in Year 3 : “ The thing I 'm really happy about with this ballclub is the way they work . They grind . Been at this now nine weeks going on 10 of the football season and then there 's another five weeks August training camp . It 's end of July to January . That 's a hard , tough road for a football player . I mean , it 's daily , it 's hourly , it 's weekly , it 's monthly . For them to work it requires having a passion to want to be good and have a love for the game of football , and I see that . I appreciate that in our ballclub . It 's a grind of prep . Your preparation during the week , every single day , the practice every single day , the training , the field study , and I like that about our football team that they grind and they work at it . There are some improvements to make , want to make them daily . That 's where we 're at . I like our football team , the way they work . ”
On the offensive line 's play against Rutgers : “ The offensive line played extremely well . Not just blocking two people and getting on a man but blocking through them , creating inches , creating feet , sometimes even yards where the holes were easy to find and easy to run through . Backs got up on the second level and made some people miss and had some long runs and a lot of yards in the running game . I thought the schemes were good and our offensive line played well . And not just the offensive line . The fullbacks had a day , too . ( Henry ) Poggi , Khalid Hill , Ben Mason had some great blocks . My favorite was Ben Mason on Karan Higdon 's 10-yard touchdown run . Blocked his man at the 8-yard line and then blocked him all the way to the end zone . Ben Mason scored with his man and then Karan scored right in behind him . Tight ends did extremely well . Sean McKeon had a good day , two really contested , tough catches and then another catch and blocked well . Wide receivers got into the game . The offensive line , fullbacks , the tight ends had a good day . ”
On how they decide who goes in when at running back : “ By merit , who you 're feeling is practicing well that week , and then you get into the game there 's a tendency to go with the hot hand , there 's a tendency to one guy runs one play maybe a little better than another guy . We want the best guy possible whether it 's the counter scheme , whether it 's a gap scheme , whether it 's a zone scheme , toss scheme , pass protection , a route , so there 's putting the pieces in that will help the ballclub as much as possible . We also felt it was Kareem Walker 's chance , and it was time for him to get in the ballgame . We got him in early and then he produced . Karan Higdon has been running exceptionally well , Ty Isaac has been running very well . The fumble has n't showed up in some weeks now and we 're very encouraged by that . The guy who is going to hold onto the ball and get the most yards and block the best , backs that block , that 's a factor . We want the best guy in there to do that when that 's required . That 's really what it comes down — who 's the best guy to execute on that particular down . ”
On Minnesota being a run-heavy team , and whether it 's a similar challenge that Rutgers was for the defense : “ Two really good backs . I thought Rutgers had two really good backs . They had four explosive plays and the other 43 plays we did a real job on . The practice starts today , the film study comes after that , training , get guys healthy . Maybe somebody misses the ballgame this week and the next guy has to step up . We 're in that weekly process of getting ready for , as we said , good players . We 're playing tough schemes . ”
angelique.chengelis @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/chengelis
Daniel McConnell
Fianna Fail 's Justice spokesman Niall Collins was forced to defend his and his party 's absence from the Dáil after a bill on the prison service was passed with just one TD present .
Labour Junior Minister Ann Phelan was the only politician present , from either from the Government or Opposition side , for the debate on a bill that ratifies the closure of St Patrick 's institution for young offenders .
The bizarre scenes unfolded this afternoon as the final amendments to the important legislation were being taken .
Given the absence of any opposition , Ms Phelan was left to see the legislation through the Dáil with many amendments going through on the nod .
When asked by the Leas Ceann Comhairle , Micheal Kitt , if government amendments to the bill were agreed , the Labour TD repeatedly responded : “ agreed ” .
It is the norm for at least one member of each of the opposition parties to be in attendance for the entire debate .
Mr Collins defended his party 's absence , said he was there for the second stage debate and made a full contribution .
He added that if they were going to have a “ silly buggers debate ” about who was there and who was not , he was present and Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald was absent .
The legislation was accepted at second stage , when the House debated the general principles of the Bill .
Its main purpose is to facilitate the complete closure of St Patrick 's Institution for young offenders .
Speaking afterwards about his absence during the committee stage debate , Mr Collins said he had been there for the entire second stage debate and made a contribution outlining the party 's position in full .
Pressed on his party 's criticisms of the Government 's handling of Dáil business and the possibility of unexpected amendments from the Department of Justice , Mr Collins said the amendments were well flagged .
He stressed his attendance for the entire second stage debate , said he had made a full contribution and outlined Fianna Fáil 's position and policy .
He said he was n't going to enter into a “ silly buggers ' debate in relation to who was there and who was n't there ” .
Mr Collins added : “ I note the Minister for Justice was n't there . I 'm not making an issue out of that ” .
The cells that are in modular form will be transported from Tilburg in the Dutch province of North Brabant to Zandvliet , near Antwerp where they will be used at a new secure facility for criminals that are staying in Belgium illegally . Mr Francken broke the news of the prison cell deal on his blog .
For a number of years the Belgian Government rented cells at Tilburg Prison in order to ease overcrowding in gaols here in Belgium . The contract with the Dutch authorities came to an end at the end of last year and 360 inmates were returned to Belgian prisons .
Mr Francken writes that he signed a contract with the Dutch several months ago “ With the help of the Defence Department we will be dismantling and transporting 144 cells from Tilburg to Antwerp ( Zandvliet ) where they will be used to build a new secure centre for criminal illegal immigrants ”
Mr Francken adds that “ These cells are metal containers and are in good condition . Re-using them is much cheaper than building somewhere from scratch and constitutes a saving of millions ” .
Mr Francken thanks his Dutch colleagues “ fort his opportunity and for the years of good cooperation ” .
Internet has been flaking on me all day so it 's hard to get a decent post up . Here 's a different kind of newsprint design that I thought of for a nail art challenge in one of the lovely FB groups I 'm part of . The theme was newspaper print , so I decided to show you my spin on this theme ! Lookie here ! I started out with a normal newspaper tranfer , using a 70 % alcohol solution that I bought at the drugstore , and headlines from a local newspaper . I cut out some pieces of newspaper , placed them on my nails and put an alcohol moistened cotton pad to it for a couple of seconds , applying some pressure.Et voilá ! Newspaper nails , but different.This was n't a very good look for me , I wanted something sparkly and colorful . So I traced the black letters with nail foil glue , and dipped each nail into a different color of micro glitter when the glue was dry and really sticky . And this is the result !
The internationally praised Grammy-winning American house music DJ and producer David Morales will play in Zagreb on the 11th of November as part of the DJ Legends program at the Boogaloo club .
The world popular DJ has already visited Croatia on several occasions thus expressed his desire to spend his retirement days in Croatia one day .
'' Croatian people always make me feel welcome wherever I go , whether it is a restaurant or a local shop . When I 'm in Zagreb , I usually eat at the restaurant on the old square . Every year when I come here I feel like I 'm visiting my family '' , said Morales .
Morales is one of the most prolific remixers of all time , transforming many pop music songs of Michael Jackson , Madonna , Kylie Minogue , Mariah Carey , U2 etc . into club-friendly dance tracks . He was born in New York City , but is of Puerto Rican ancestry . He won a Grammy Award for Remixer of the Year in 1998 .
“ For me the Croatian audience is one of the best in the world , not just in Europe . They love to have fun , they are warm and always in a very friendly mood . I keep saying that I would really like to come and live here in the future . I have also visited Split and some of the Dalmatian islands . The lifestyle here is unbelievable , and quality of life is something that is very important for me ” , concluded Morales .
Our mind and body are tightly interconnected .
Often times we ca n't talk about our “ physical health ” without also talking about our “ mental health , ” and vice versa .
One of the biggest pieces of evidence for the mind-body connection is the placebo effect , which is when a patient is given a “ sham drug ” ( such as a sugar pill ) , but they still experience a physical change in their body , like reduced pain or reduced anxiety .
A new study published in the scientific journal Health Psychology illustrates another fascinating way our mindset intersects with our physical health .
In this study , researchers looked at surveys from over 60,000 U.S . Adults and asked about their physical activity , health , personal background , and other measures . One of the main questions they looked at was…
“ Would you say that you are physically more active , less active , or about as active as other persons your age ? ”
After collecting the results , the researchers then followed up on this study 21 years later by looking at death records of participants .
What they discovered was that individuals who reported that they were “ less active ” were 71 % more likely to die within that follow-up period than those who reported they were “ more active , ” even after controlling for physical activity , age , body mass index , chronic illness , and other factors .
To put it more simply , individuals that believed they were “ less physically active , ” even when they did the same amount of physical activity , reported higher rates of mortality .
This is an interesting example of how our mindset can influence our health .
In another study published in Psychological Science , the same researchers looked at the health of room attendants working at 7 different hotels . One randomized group was told that the work they do ( cleaning rooms ) was equivalent to a full day of exercise .
All hotel cleaners did roughly the same amount of work each day , but the group that was told their work counted for a “ full day of exercise ” actually reported better health outcomes , including decreases in weight , blood pressure , body fat , waist-to-hip ratio , and body mass index .
But how did this happen ? Why does the belief that we are healthy ( or unhealthy ) have a significant influence over our actual health ?
Why Your Mindset About Your Health Matters
While it 's well-known that our mindset can influence our health in a variety of ways , it 's still unclear the exact reason why this happens or how it happens .
Here are common theories as to how our mindset about our health can make a real world difference :
Your identity influences your actions – If you identify as a healthy person , that can influence you to do other healthy activities . For example , when a friend asks you to go hiking with them , you 'll think “ Of course I 'll go ! I 'm a healthy person who loves hiking. ” instead of thinking , “ I 'm not sure , I need to get more fit first before I can do something like that. ” ( This is why I recommend the “ everything counts ” mindset as a great starting point to becoming a healthier person . )
– If you identify as a healthy person , that can influence you to do other healthy activities . For example , when a friend asks you to go hiking with them , you 'll think “ Of course I 'll go ! I 'm a healthy person who loves hiking. ” instead of thinking , “ I 'm not sure , I need to get more fit first before I can do something like that. ” ( This is why I recommend the “ everything counts ” mindset as a great starting point to becoming a healthier person . ) Negative self-judgment creates unnecessary stress – If you do n't exercise and you begin saying things to yourself like , “ I 'm a lazy , unhealthy slob ” then that negative judgement is only going to increase your stress levels and affect your overall health . In general , stress is a huge factor that contributes to worse health outcomes and makes you more likely to get physically ill , so anything that adds unnecessary stress is likely bad for your physical health as well .
– If you do n't exercise and you begin saying things to yourself like , “ I 'm a lazy , unhealthy slob ” then that negative judgement is only going to increase your stress levels and affect your overall health . In general , stress is a huge factor that contributes to worse health outcomes and makes you more likely to get physically ill , so anything that adds unnecessary stress is likely bad for your physical health as well . The placebo effect and the power of suggestion – Our beliefs may also have a power to activate biological processes that our body is capable of doing on its own . For example , most placebo effects can be considered a type of “ self-healing ” that comes from within . Learning can be an interesting way to boost your mental and physical health .
All of these are common theories as to how our minds can influence our bodies . It 's likely that all 3 of these mechanisms mentioned above play some role in our overall health .
Please Note : Of course this does n't mean that your mind always triumphs over your body . If you spend all day sitting on your butt , eating junk food , and consuming alcohol or smoking cigarettes , then there 's no amount of “ mental power ” that is going to save you from bad habits when it comes to your health and fitness .
However , it 's still important to realize that our mindset does make a big difference . And if we want to maximize our physical health , or begin embarking on a healthier lifestyle , then we have to pay just as much attention to our minds as we do our bodies .
Even the best of professional athletes understand the importance of mindset to change their bodies and reach peak performance , which is a big reason why sports psychology has become such a fast-growing field of study .
Overall , your mindset matters a lot when it comes to a lot of different areas of your life , including your physical health . So do n't underestimate the importance of getting your mind right and cultivating a healthy attitude and perspective .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
There 's the line – then there 's just over the line – and then there are several continents away from the line that you set on fire , pissed on , and cursed the mother of as you crossed it .
The felted womb is old news . The shower curtain is creepy , but whatever . Wall decals ? Not to my taste , but okay . I can even forgive the dildo – it sparkles ! – because sometimes you just need to fill * a hole . Everyone knows that I LOVE the vampire FleshLights – now for gays AND straights ! – even if they 're not specifically Twilight themed . I get the merchandising ; I really do .
But they 've gone too far .
I am horrified to share these with you : Twilight panties .
“ But Kimli , what 's the big deal ? There 's nothing wrong with Twilight-themed underwear ; how is that different from the Care Bear panties you 're wearing right now ? ”
The panties are creepy enough because of the face :
Bad enough , right ? But noooo . They had to go one step further :
“ Edward ” ‘ s face . Against your vag . All day long .
If you wear them without protection during your period , you 'd be “ feeding the vampire ” .
WHAT THE FUCK , PEOPLE
SERIOUSLY
THAT IS MESSED RIGHT THE FUCK UP
Those make me so , so uncomfortable .
GAH
* : as much as you can fill with 6.75″ , anyway . Seriously , why bother ? If you 're going to make a dildo so people can put it in the freezer and fantasize they 're being plowed by a sparkly ice-cold vampire , why not do the character – and the masturbators – a favour and make it large enough to write home about ?
Daikichi Amano ( whose real name remains a mystery ) is a very secretive paranormal investigator from Japan who uses the cover of this fake “ artistic ” website to publish the results of his investigations on the very popular cult of Cthulhu and Dagon in his homeland .
In his latest update , he displays the horrors of human sacrifice , a widespread practice among Nipponese cultists , and gives us the rare proof that the Deep Ones are n't just a myth invented by H. P. Lovecraft in his description of the terrifying town of Innsmouth .
Let 's have a look at his new findings :
After catching a group of Deep Ones in its nets by accident :
this grisly group of saddened cultists :
was forced to offer a human sacrifice to appease its feared Gods ' wrath :
As the tradition wants it , the poor girl was methodically tortured and cephalopodically suffocated :
She finally died in a pool of her own blood mixed to the replete octopi 's gooey slime :
only to be resurrected as a Hybrid a few days later in one of the cultits bathtub :
We can only hope that Daikichi Amano 's true identity will never be revealed and wish that his amazing work of publishing the secret horrors that are perpetrated behind our dull backs will never stop .
Sony 's Greatest Revolution : The Share Button
Sony 's much anticipated and very successful PlayStation event occurred tonight without a hitch . During it , the company revealed a lot of exciting hardware and software for the next generation , including the PlayStation 4 , new IPs such as Knack and The Witness , and gameplay trailers of new installments for established franchises like Killzone and Infamous . But perhaps the most impressive reveal of the evening can be attributed to that of the DualShock 4 controller .
Much like the picture that 's been cycling the web for the past several days , Sony 's new controller features a touchpad , a “ light bar , ” a headphone jack , and a share button . And that button alone has the potential to change the gaming world forever .
Let 's Plays are popular video series all over YouTube where gamers play their favorite titles and record and narrate their sessions as they go . Such videos give gamers the chance to see the stories of games they 'd never play otherwise or witness new content they might not have caught on their own playthroughs of games . Up until now , the only way to make a Let 's Play video was to record gameplay on a PC using software or to purchase expensive and complicated hardware to record gameplay on a console . Now it 's entirely possible to capture gaming sessions on the PS4 itself and then , with the press of a button , share those videos with Facebook or even put them on YouTube . Such a concept is nothing short of revolutionary , and has the potential to change the gaming landscape .
But the share button does more than just give players the option to send their records of their gaming accomplishments to their friends . The share button represents an idea that proves that social gaming is where the future lies . With the PS4 , gamers will have the ability to share not just videos with others , but the gaming experience itself .
Let 's say you 're playing a game you know a friend of yours has already beaten , and you 're stuck on a challenging level . With the PS4 , you can give your friend control of your game over the Internet , and he can play it for you while you watch on your own TV , miles away . It 's even possible to connect with certain game 's designers and have him or her manipulate levels in real time to make it easier for you to complete . The possibilities are outstanding .
With the rise in popularity of battle arena games such as League of Legends , eSports have been gaining serious momentum , as has the desire of players to spectate online games in real time . With the PS4 , this is also possible , which is sure to make plenty of casual and hardcore fans alike happy .
Finally , Sony is aiming to create it 's own social network for PlayStation fans . Partnering with Facebook and Ustream , Sony is creating its own platform for PlayStation gamers that allows them to like and share their favorite games , genres , and videos between their gaming friends . Such information is monitored by the PlayStation store , personalizing advertisements to specific gamers ' tastes . The store will even download demos of games you might be interested in automatically so if you ever do want to try then out , you can instantly .
It 's clear where Sony is going in their quest to dominate the next generation . Besides unveiling new exclusive IPs and amazing hardware , the company has shown that its ideas and innovation are just as revolutionary as the PlayStation 4 itself .
0 Shares
A man rides his bicycle as destruction is seen in Sendai , Miyagi prefecture , Japan , on March 15 , 2011 . More than 10,000 people are believed to have been killed by a massive earthquake and resulting tsunami . UPI/Keizo Mori | License Photo
TOKYO , March 15 ( UPI ) -- Japan 's nuclear crisis continues to unfold after a fourth explosion Tuesday at the Fukushima nuclear plant was followed by a fire at a spent fuel pond , releasing radiation into the atmosphere .
Two of the reactors at the plant , 170 miles north of Tokyo , crippled after last Friday 's earthquake and tsunami , had been damaged by blasts Saturday and Monday .
In a report dated Wednesday , Kyodo News said the latest blast occurred at the No . 4 reactor Tuesday morning , creating two square-shaped holes , approximately 26 feet by 26 feet , in the walls of the building that houses the reactor . Later , a fire broke out , smoke billowing from the holes .
That followed a `` critical situation '' at the No . 2 reactor -- an `` apparent hydrogen explosion '' -- that had occurred four minutes earlier , damaging a portion of the reactor 's containment vessel , Kyodo said .
The No . 4 reactor houses the spent fuel rods . Normally , those fuel rods are immersed in cold water because they need to be cool for three or four years after they have been used in one of the other three reactors , BBC reported .
In a televised address Tuesday , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan called for calm .
`` There is still a very high risk of further radioactive material coming out , '' Kan said . `` The people at the power plant are carrying out an operation to inject water to cool the reactors and I would like to ask the nation , that although this is an incident of great concern , I request that you act very calmly . ''
RELATED Another fire reported at Japan nuke plant
However , because of high levels of radiation at the No . 4 reactor following the blast , workers were n't able to prepare for the pouring of water into the distressed pool , Kyodo reports .
Plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said it would attempt to pour water into the facility Wednesday via the holes that were created during the blast , Kyodo reports .
Later Tuesday , Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yuko Edano said radiation levels had decreased .
`` Radiation levels monitored near the front gate of the plant as of 9 a.m. were 11,930 microsieverts , a very high level . At 3:30 p.m. this came down to 496.4 , much higher than a normal level but still … a level to cause no harm to human health , '' he told reporters .
Kyodo reported that Toshiba Corp. had sent `` dozens '' of its engineers to the plant at the request of the government and TEPCO amid rising fears of radioactive contamination . They are to instruct plant workers on the usage of pumps to inject water into the plant 's reactors . Toshiba had supplied much of the equipment for the plant 's reactors , Kyodo said .
`` As some of these ( cooling ) efforts fail , the options , of course , become limited , '' Reza Hashemi-Nezhad , the director of the Institute of Nuclear Science at the University of Sydney told The Australian newspaper .
Hashemi-Nezhad said that any structural damage to reactor No . 2 was a worrying development and described the reported levels of radiation released at the plant as being of concern . But it was unlikely , he said , that any leakage of radiation would be as serious as the Chernobyl disaster of 1986 .
The human crisis of refugees desperate to find asylum highlights why being at the heart of European politics is critical for the Labour Party as we speed towards next year 's Brexit referendum . David Cameron and his government have refused to be ...
The human crisis of refugees desperate to find asylum highlights why being at the heart of European politics is critical for the Labour Party as we speed towards next year 's Brexit referendum .
David Cameron and his government have refused to be part of any European quotas for the number of asylum seekers we welcome into the UK . The government like to think they are coming up with their own national solution to this international crisis but this is a short sighted and ultimately doomed approach . If Cameron instead chose to be a key player in European decision making , he could ensure that we not only help refugees fleeing war zones , but also work together with our continental neighbours to come up with long term solutions .
I want to see the Labour party joining with our European partners in reviewing the 1990 Dublin Protocol ( which says that asylum seekers should be returned to the country where they first arrived ) and all the international arrangements for refugees . This must include funding appropriate search and rescue operations and addressing any and all concerns about their treatment on European soil . In line with other member states , Britain must take our fair share of those affected by this crisis with full participation in the UNHCR programme for Syria 's refugees .
The issue of full British involvement in Europe can be a unifying force for the Labour Party following our fractious leadership election . During the campaign there was a clear united voice from all candidates and all sides of the Party that the Government 's heartless lack of action to help those in need was an affront to Britain 's proud history of providing refuge for those fleeing danger . As a constituent recently wrote to me “ Like many others , being Jewish , I would not be alive today if the UK had shirked its responsibility just a few decades ago . ”
There is a clear division between Labour and the Tories on Europe . The Tories may rub their hands in glee at the media fuelled forecast that Labour will implode following the arrival of a new Leader but on this issue they know that implosion could be their fate . Having lost two MPs in the last Parliament to UKIP , and with the continued angry dissatisfaction from Tory factions about the wording of the referendum , this is an opportunity for Labour to contrast with the Tories and present a united front .
Already critics of Labour 's leadership result are seeking to sow seeds of discord by asserting that Jeremy has plans to withdraw the UK from the European Union . Like Jeremy 's ‘ broad church ' choice for his Shadow Cabinet , he is in fact declaring his plans so that he can work across the party to build consensus . I know that Jeremy will want to have a full and frank discussion about our future in Europe and he has made it clear that there needs to be reform of the EU . For people with Labour values , the problem is not the existence of the EU , or Britain 's membership of it – the EU is simply a level of government . Our challenge is how we can , in alliance with our progressive allies in continental Europe , set up a reformed ‘ social Europe ' .
Ultimately our case for Europe must ensure that we consider what Europe means to ordinary working people . We need to make the case that workers are better off as part of the European Union as an institution which has done so much to protect workers ' rights – whether it is guaranteeing holiday and maternity and paternity rights , or ensuring that part-time and temporary workers have the same rights as those who are full-time .
We also need to be clear that being part of Europe enables us to address wider issues which can only be tackled by working with other countries . The continued call for action to be taken internationally to stop tax evasion and combat tax avoidance by individuals and multi-national corporations is yet another cause Labour can unite behind . Agreed cuts to greenhouse gases and commitments to using renewable energy at a European level give us the leverage to push for international agreement on reversing the effects of climate change .
What makes a good European Union will be an ongoing discussion for the Party but we are all clear that our role in Europe – to aid those in need at home and abroad – will be the focus of all our efforts .
This brand-new space has 5,000 books for guests to read , a special bar stocked with local beers , and bunks inside the shelves to sleep in .
Japan 's ancient capital of Kyoto has inspired writers and poets for centuries , and now there 's a new type of accommodation in the city that 's set to be a haven for visiting literature buffs and bookworms . As the second branch of Book and Bed Tokyo , which opened in November last year just a short walk away from Tokyo 's Ikebukuro Station , the new Kyoto location looks to be just as spectacular , with guest beds located inside a number of beautiful wooden bookshelves filled with a total of 5,000 books .
Centrally located in Kyoto 's famous Gion district , the hostel aims to accommodate both local and overseas travellers with a wide selection of English and Japanese-language books for visitors to browse through at their leisure .
The accommodation itself is located behind a beautiful arched doorway on the 9th floor of a building , where there are a total of 20 beds available .
There are 18 “ Standard Bookshelf Bunks ” measuring 220 centimetres × 110 centimetres ( 86.6 inches x 43.3 inches ) , which are priced from 5,300 yen ( US $ 46.80 ) a night .
There is one slightly narrower “ Compact Bookshelf ” bunk measuring 220 centimetres × 90 centimetres ( 86.6 inches x 35.4 inches ) , which is priced from 4,800 yen per night .
And another compact bookshelf bunk with the same measurements , called the “ River View Compact ” due to its proximity to the window , which is priced from 5,300 yen a night .
While the number and types of beds available differ slightly to the Tokyo location , the on-site amenities remain the same . Each bunk has luggage space under the bed , along with a personal lamp , power outlet , hanger and private curtain .
Shared lounges line the walls of the hostel , while guests can enjoy free Wi-Fi and the use of shared showers and bathrooms at any time during their stay . Towels , soaps , shampoos , conditioners , toothbrushes and toothpaste are not supplied , but can be rented as a pack for an extra 540 yen .
Like the hostel 's Tokyo branch , guests will be provided with stylish NOWHAW-brand robes to wear during their stay , available only on the 8th , 18th and 28th days of each month .
Unique to the Kyoto location is the addition of a “ Book and Bed and Beer ” bar space , which is stocked with a selection of local brews for guests to purchase .
Check-in time at the hostel is between 4:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m. , with check-out available until 11:00 a.m. the next day . If you 're curious to see what the place is like without using one of their bunks , visitors can stop by for a quiet read on the lounges during the daytime , at a charge of 540 yen per hour , or 1,620 yen for an unlimited period during daytime business hours .
To book your short or overnight stay , check out the Kyoto Book and Bed Tokyo website for more details in Japanese and English . Reservations are essential and require advance payment by credit card , or prepaid Japanese IC cards like Pasmo or Suica , which makes for a smooth and easy check-in upon arrival .
Information
Book and Bed Tokyo – Kyoto branch
Address : Kyoto-fu , Kyoto-shi , Higashiyama-ku , Nakanocho-Nishiiru 200 , 9F Kamogawa Building
京都府京都市東山区中之町西入ル200カモガワビル9階
Office hours : 1:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m .
Website ( English )
Source , images : PR Times
Predictably Irrational : subjecting the `` rational consumer '' hypothesis to scientific scrutiny
Over the weekend , I finally picked up and read Dan Ariely 's Predictably Irrational : The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions , an accessible intro to the subject of behavioral economics -- that is , the study of how people behave in the real world and why that varies from the predictions made by classical economic theory ( which predicts that people behave rationally and in their own interests ) . This is a subject I 've been very interested in for some years and I 'd read and blogged a lot of material about Ariely 's work , but somehow never got 'round to reading it for myself .
I 'm very glad I did ! Ariely 's a very engaging writer and a smart social scientist with a knack for illustrating his hypotheses about human behavior through elegant and simple experiments . There 's no better time than now to read Predictably Irrational , as Ariely 's theories about cheating , incentives , self-fulfilling prophecy , self control , and how we value the things we own versus the things we desire go a long way to explaining the econopocalypse , and also provide an excellent framework for analyzing proposals to get the economy moving again .
For example , Ariely describes a series of experiments that measure work performance among randomly selected groups of people where one group is paid nothing , one group is paid a little , and a third is paid a lot . The group that was paid a little did a little . The group that was paid a lot did a lot . The group that was paid nothing did even more . Ariely and colleagues go on to refine this experiment by changing the reward to gifts ( chocolates ) instead of money , then to gifts whose value is enumerated ( `` you will receive a $ 5 box of Godiva chocolates '' ) and examines how this effects performance . He also examines what happens to performance in situations in which one is at first paid to work , then asked to do the same work again for free .
The results are fascinating , and point to the idea that we work hard for money , and we work hard for social reasons , but that one can short-circuit the other , and lastingly so . He then goes on to explain how companies that ask their employees to work harder for social reasons ( `` you 're part of the team '' ) but dismiss the employees for economic reasons ( `` we need to cut costs '' ) end up in an impossible place . So do companies that ask customers to come make a purchase as a social transaction ( `` join the family ! '' ) but then treat the transaction after the fact as a purely economic matter ( `` you should have read the fine-print '' ) .
Every chapter works in this vein , and taken as a whole , Predictably Irrational presents a fatal blow to the idea that we can run a system on the assumption that people will take courses of action based on rational calculus , unclouded by cognitive blind-spots that make it practically impossible to find the best course of action .
Of course , this is already an accepted reality of the business-world -- it 's why , for example , companies worry that an overly discounted price will reset consumer sentiment about the value of their product . It 's why advertisers run `` lifestyle '' ads that do n't feature the product or enumerate its benefits . It 's why there are introductory offers that increase in price thereafter . All of these are designed to appeal to emotion , not rational calculus .
But in economics , this irrationality is treated like quantum physics : sure , it 's true that this happens on the subatomic scale , but the whole system behaves in a rational , Newtonian fashion and can be treated as such . As Ariely persuasively argues , the economic world is full of a lot more weird , irrational quantum effects than we assume .
Predictably Irrational , Revised and Expanded Edition : The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions
( Image by secondlife.com ) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
At some point reality sets in and it becomes evident that no matter how much Americans might want to see dramatic , positive changes come to this country the chances of that happening are quickly disappearing ; the die is cast . That 's the reality of living in the America of today , a nation that many astute , respected observers firmly believe is in a protracted state of decline .
- Advertisement -
A point of no return is that time or stage when a series of actions or a process reaches a point beyond which it becomes impossible to reverse . America has now become a nation that gives every indication that it is rapidly approaching that point of no return -- or has already passed it . Dramatic changes have come to this country in recent times but far too many of them have proven to be negative and damaging .
This is not some kind of baseless conjecture , the facts speak for themselves . The changes that have taken place in this country are not subtle but , rather , have been very dramatic and not in a positive way . America is just not the country it once was and , while we can dispute that notion , it 's just happening to reflect reality .
- Advertisement -
Here is just one more of the many articles on the internet that measures and ranks the quality of life in countries around the world . In these rankings America clearly lags behind a great many nations in a host of important categories , from inequality , education , poverty , quality of health care for all citizens , to job creation , infrastructure condition , ecosystem sustainability , personal safety and numerous others .
What could be a better illustration of this decline in America than the following ? The U.S. , which was the creator and developer of the internet , now ranks , as this article states , `` a disappointing 23rd in access to the Internet . '' That fact is supported by this statement from CitiesSpeak.org : `` The United States was one of the world leaders on broadband penetration in the 1990s , ranking fourth among other developed and developing nations . But by 2006 , the U.S. 's standing slipped drastically . '' And , further `` a report of countries with the fastest internet speeds shows that the average speed in the U.S. is about 616 kbps ( a dismal 26th ranking ) ; drastically slower than in South Korea , which topped the list at an average of 2,202 kbps . ''
The evidence suggests that many countries with far lower GDPs than the U.S. use their wealth and resources for the good of all their citizens not just for those who occupy the top rungs of the income spectrum . How in the world can America , with the largest GDP in the world , have the greatest inequality of wealth and income among the developed nations ?
- Advertisement -
There is a three-letter word , WAR , that best describes what has been happening to this nation . The U.S. government has been involved in three major wars since 1960 that have , collectively , totaled 36 years with costs in the trillions of taxpayer dollars . And even after those colossal failures we now find ourselves in the midst of another contrived War on Terror that shows no signs of letting up . By now it should be more than obvious that this obsession with war is what generates massive profits for those who fuel its engines .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
The roster for the US Under-23 national team continues to feature a heavy MLS influence , with coach Andreas Herzog naming 12 players with MLS ties to a 23-man roster for Wednesday 's friendly against Mexico ( 11pm ET , UniMás , UDN ) .
The match is part of both teams ' preparations for this fall 's CONCACAF qualifying tournament for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil . Players will train April 19-21 ahead of the match at StubHub Center in Carson , California .
As a mid-week match played between MLS games , the camp has an understandable Western Conference tilt , with all 10 MLS players coming from Western Conference clubs and 9 of the 23 rostered players hailing from California .
The Colorado Rapids ( Shane O'Neill , Dillon Serna ) , LA Galaxy ( Oscar Sorto , Jose Villarreal ) and Real Salt Lake ( Luis Gil , Boyd Okwuonu ) each have two players on the team . They are joined by Sporting Kansas City goalkeeper Jon Kempin , currently on loan to the San Antonio Scorpions ; Vancouver Whitecaps defender Christian Dean ; FC Dallas defender Walker Zimmerman ; and San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Fatai Alashe .
The camp also includes Seattle Sounders academy forward Jordan Morris , the Stanford sophomore who scored in his first start for the senior national team last Wednesday against Mexico , and New York Red Bulls II midfielder Dan Metzger .
Former Chicago Fire midfielder Benji Joya is one of four Mexico-based players in the squad , while forward Mario Rodriguez is currently on the books at Germany 's Borussia Mönchengladbach .
UCSB 's Sam Strong is the second college player selected , along with Morris , while Alfred Koroma Shams of the Austin Aztex joins Metzger as a USL representative .
US U-23 Roster
GOALKEEPERS ( 2 ) : Cody Cropper ( Southampton ) , Jon Kempin ( San Antonio Scorpions on loan from Sporting Kansas City )
DEFENDERS ( 8 ) : Christian Dean ( Vancouver Whitecaps ) , Juan Pablo Ocegueda ( Oaxaca ) , Boyd Okwuonu ( Real Salt Lake ) , Shane O'Neill ( Colorado Rapids ) , Dillon Serna ( Colorado Rapids ) , Oscar Sorto ( LA Galaxy ) , Sam Strong ( UCSB ) , Walker Zimmerman ( FC Dallas )
MIDFIELDERS ( 5 ) : Fatai Alashe ( San Jose Earthquakes ) , Luis Gil ( Real Salt Lake ) , Alejandro Guido ( Tijuana ) , Benji Joya ( Santos Laguna ) , Dan Metzger ( New York Red Bulls II )
FORWARDS ( 5 ) : Alonso Hernandez ( Monterrey ) , Alfred Koroma Shams ( Austin Aztex ) , Jordan Morris ( Stanford , Seattle Sounders academy ) , Mario Rodriguez ( Borussia Mönchengladbach ) , Jose Villarreal ( LA Galaxy )
Cameron On Cannabis Part 7
Cameron On Cannabis Part 6 is here .
For those following this correspondence stage by stage , I wrote to Mr Cameron on 5th April and having received no reply wrote again on 26th April .
On 3rd May a letter in reply was sent from the infamous “ Mrs E. Adams ” , now known to be a mythical figure and an invention of 10 , Downing Street . She thanked me for my letter of 5th April and said :
“ Your correspondence is currently under consideration . ”
Well the consideration has now lasted two months , during which time Mr Cameron 's untruths about cannabis have been eclipsed by astonishing performances from two of his MPs .
Nadine Dorries easily qualifies as the most embarrassingly bad Tory MP of this parliament . After cuckolding and then abandoning her husband as he was diagnosed with MS , she has now been revealed as paying £50,000 of taxpayer 's money to a close friend in extremely dubious circumstances . Arithmetic is not her strong point . On Any Questions at the beginning of June she said the cannabis available today is “ 50 times stronger ” than it used to be and that smoking just one spliff will “ prevent a child from reaching its full educational potential ” . Her own words and actions tell the truth about her far more effectively than anything I could say .
Then , just a few days later came perhaps the most serious gaffe ever made by an MP on anything to do with drugs . The evidently well-intentioned but seriously misguided MP for Broxbourne , Charles Walker , has been put under a spell by the wicked witch Mary Brett . He moved his adjournment debate on “ Cannabis and Psychosis ( Young People ) ” and every word he spoke came straight from Ms Brett 's library of cod science , misinformation , inaccuracy and , it has to be said , deliberate untruths . He reached the nadir of his parliamentary career when he suggested that snorting cocaine was better for children than cannabis .
So I have written to Mr Cameron again . It really is time that he addresses this issue and gives a proper response . It is shameful that our government appears so utterly incompetent on the entire drugs issue . It is like a rabbit caught in headlights , scared stiff to say or do anything . On hard drugs , it is clinging to an absurd objective of abstinence and abandoning the policy of harm reduction , now internationally recognised as the right way forward . British drugs policy is a shambles . We , the people are now the victims of a repressive and medieval regime which stops only just short of Iran , China , Malaysia and Singapore in its brutality and stupidity . We are afflicted with a myopic determination to fritter away taxpayers ' money on a moral crusade based only on prejudice and propaganda . As for the Liberal Democrats and their deafening silence on the subject , well , has any political force ever disgraced itself more thoroughly in shame and abject cowardice ?
Dear Mr Cameron ,
I refer to my earlier letters of 26th February , 9th and 16th March , 5th and 26th April 2011 . These concern the statements you made about cannabis in your Al Jazeera YouTube interview .
Your office replied to me on 3rd May 2011 stating “ Your correspondence is currently under consideration ” . I have heard nothing since .
In the meantime , both Nadine Dorries and Charles Walker have made shockingly inaccurate and misleading statements about cannabis . In Mr Walker 's case he made the dreadful mistake of suggesting it is safer to use cocaine than cannabis . Leadership is desperately needed here . Mr Cameron you , your party and the government need to start telling the truth about cannabis .
Most urgently you need to permit the prescription of medicinal cannabis by doctors . It is cruel to deny what is now universally recognised as a safe and effective medicine to people in pain and suffering . What right have politicians have to stand in the way of a doctor 's prescription ? This is a shameful policy that only makes the government look foolish . If you are concerned about “ sending the right message ” then start by ending this now . All that you need to do is instruct the Home Office drugs licensing department to grant an import licence when an application to import medicinal cannabis is supported by a doctor 's prescription .
I speak on behalf of millions of people in Britain who want to see a safer , more responsible cannabis policy that will care for the sick , protect children and the vulnerable , control quality and safety and stop surrendering billions every year to organised crime .
It is important to correct the statements made on YouTube . Look how your example has led to even worse from Ms Dorries and Mr Walker . Cannabis is not “ very , very toxic ” and there is only a very small risk of mental health problems . Alcohol , tobacco and even energy drinks are much more damaging .
Please remember , cannabis was the second most popular question on Al Jazeera YouTube . It matters to people . They deserve to be told the truth and not pointed to tabloid scare stories .
Yours sincerely ,
Peter Reynolds
Please write to your MP and send him or her a copy of my letter to David Cameron . Ask him to ask Mr Cameron for an answer .
You can download and print a pdf of my letter here .
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has made unfair foreign trade a central theme in his campaign for the White House , singling out U.S. companies such as Ford Motor Co. for moving operations abroad.Ford CEO Mark Fields said he wrote a letter to Trump defending his company , elaborating in an interview with CNBC : “ Ford Motor Co. is here to stay in the United States . It 's presidential politics and we are just going stay focused on facts. ” Trump first blasted Ford in April when the carmaker announced a $ 2.5 billion expansion of operations in Mexico.At that time , Trump said he would call Fields and say : “ Let me give you the bad news . Every car , and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border , we 're going to charge you a 35 % tax . Okay ? And that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction , and that 's it. ” In his interview with CNBC , Fields said : “ We 're very proud as a company of what we do in terms of contributing to economic development here in the U.S. We invested over $ 10 billion since 2011 at our facilities . We hired 25,000 people with plans to hire another 8,500 folks . It 's important for us to be successful in our home market and we love what we do for the economy. ” It was n't the first time Fields responded to Trump , who accused the carmaker of backing off plans to expand U.S. operations . In an earnings call with investors in October , Fields said : “ Facts are stubborn things , and at Ford we 're proud of the facts . Unfortunately , we suspect the facts are getting lost in the politics. ” Trump has mentioned Ford throughout his presidential campaign , but that 's not the only company he 's singled out.In February , he also blasted air-conditioner maker Carrier , a unit of United Technologies Corp. , after it announced plans to close a factory in Indianapolis and fire 1,400 employees.By moving the plan to Monterrey , Mexico , Carrier could pay employees $ 6 an hour instead of $ 34 , according to a United Steelworkers representative cited by TheIndyChannel.com
The idyllic scene of rows of newborn babies behind the glass of a hospital nursery window is already becoming rare in Boston , and could become a thing of the past , The Boston Globe reported .
Hospitals across the country — including Mass . General and Boston Medical Center — are phasing out access to nurseries , instead adopting “ rooming-in '' policies , in which healthy newborns stay in the mother 's room , the Globe reported . Some say the move helps to boost mother-child bonding , kickstart parenting skills , and prevent postpartum depression , while others argue that a few hours of rest is crucial for the women .
The state 's Department of Health still requires hospitals to maintain well-baby nurseries , but not all staff them consistently , the Globe reported . As they 've downsized , it 's also become a nurse 's responsibility to determine whether a mother has reached her breaking point with the newborn , and to find the balance between what 's best for the baby and best for the patient .
Advertisement
“ Competent patients have the right to make decisions on behalf of themselves and their babies , '' Carol Sakala , the director of childbirth connection programs at the National Partnership for Woman and Families , told the Globe .
Read the full Globe story here .
This past weekend EverQuest Next Landmark launched its Alpha version into the playable universe . Players who picked up the Founder 's program on SOE were able to log in and begin the process of crafting their own buildings and structures in a wave of creativity with the game 's friendly to use tools . In another surprising move , SOE has dropped the NDA on Landmark to allow developers to talk with fans right away and communicate their plans . We had the chance to chat with SOE 's Dave Georgeson last night about Landmark and some of the plans the team has for the future .
advertisement advertisement
Dave started by explaining why the NDA came down so quickly . They initially wanted to make sure the game was running smoothly and players were getting into the experience quickly . Once the game was stable , Dave said that the team began talking and communicating to players right away . He said they even had some issues with the graphics cards that they had to fix over the weekend . However , fans were understanding and the team was able to talk about the hurdles they faced in the opening few days . Dave felt that it was a great step forward with the community and now both players and developers are in full communication about the game .
Next we tackled the topic of space , see staking your claim in Landmark is now at an extreme premium and Dave said the team is now adjusting to opening more areas . They plan on launching another world very soon ( today ? ) and are just getting things in place to do so . This way , players will still be able to stake their claims when the new world comes out . He laughed that some players ended up in the southern desert regions just to get a spot and they want to have a better experience for people coming into Landmark for the first time .
We asked about the plan for Landmark in the coming weeks and Dave was happy to explain their roadmap . Right now the team is still in early all-hands on deck mode with the Alpha just launching a few days ago . However , SOE plans to post updates on a very regular basis . Dave and his team have been posting on the forums and Twitter to let players know what is going on almost right after it happens . Once the team gets out of emergency support mode they will begin implementing new features . They just want to make sure the game is running well for the first few days before they move forward . However , the team is moving at a turbo pace in terms of updates and design . The fan reactions were so positive the team now wants to make sure everyone has a great experience in Landmark .
We asked Dave what the top priorities were from players and he was quick to share the list . Water was number one so the team is working on adding water regions into the game . I guess everyone wants a lakeside view . The next big feature they want to add is combat . Right now players start with a lot of crafting tools and have some solid options to begin their projects , but it will be very interesting to see combat and monsters enter into the game . Might be a bit harder to track down those ideal copper veins with a monster blocking your way . The other priorty the team wants to add desperately is enhanced crafting which will give players loads of more options to build and design their areas .
We talked a lot about adding travel to the game . Dave said that right now there is the main portal in the middle of each island , however the team wants to stay away from portals and teleportation all over the place . Part of the fun in Landmark is exploring around and seeing what everyone has created . Dave said the team is more inclined to include travel such as gliders and different types of mounts . He said the grappling hook has been extremely popular among players and they are swinging around like Spider-Man checking out all the areas . The grappling hook also allows players to mine on the sides of mountains and swing around while using their pick-axe . The team wants to have some really fun options for travel as they continue to build onto the world , so expect more on that soon .
EverQuest Next Landmark really is breaking new ground ( sorry for the pun ) . Just like the players who are pioneering the land and starting to build , the game has created a fascinating new sandbox to play in . SOE is serious about keeping open communication with players and building a strong community . Dave said to look for his team on the forums as updates will continue at a much faster pace . For now , get ready for a new world to come out so you can stake your claim !
Links to more EverQuest Next Landmark Coverage :
Robert Payne , senior judge for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia , has ruled unconstitutional Virginia 's statute that provides criminal penalities for delegates who do not follow the results of the presidential preference primary . Payne , nominated in 1992 by President George Herbert Walker Bush , declared late Monday that the statute “ exceeds the powers retained by the Commonwealth of Virginia under the Constitution of the United States and can not be enforced . ''
The essence of the ruling is that Virginia may not impose any criminal penalties on delegates to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio , who refuse to vote for Donald Trump . Trump received about a third of the vote in Virginia 's primary , narrowly edging out Senator Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) . Under Virginia 's state primary law , a candidate does not have to receive a majority of the vote to win all the state 's delegates , but just a plurality ( more votes than anyone else ) . Under Virginia law , a Class 1 misdemeanor provided that any delegate who did not vote according to the outcome of the Virginia primary could be sent to jail “ for not more than twelve months , ” or face a “ fine of not more than $ 2,500 , either or both . ”
A delegate from Virginia , Carroll Correll , Jr. , sued to overturn Virginia 's statute , arguing that a state law should not be able to interfere in what is a private matter of a political party . The case 's judgment , Correll v Herring , only restrains the state of Virginia from punishing Correll . Judge Payne did not address the issue of whether a political party can bind a delegate under party rules .
In his decision , Payne wrote ,
Because Defendants have not demonstrated that Section 545 ( D ) advances a compelling state interest , it is not necessary to address whether the statute is narrowly tailored . Nonetheless , it is significant to note that Defendants have tacitly conceded the point by failing to offer any evidence or argument that the statute is narrowly tailored .
For the foregoing reasons , Correll is entitled to judgment that Section 545 ( D ) is an unconstitutional burden on his First Amendment rights of free political speech and political association . Therefore , the Court so declares and will enter judgment on that score on his behalf on Counts I and II .
Undercount I , the judge held that the statute could keep a delegate from voting “ consistent with party rules , ” while under Count II , the judge said the statute is a violation of the First Amendment rights of “ free association . ”
During the hearing , Judge Payne asked , “ Is he entitled to get a criminal penalty for making that decision or is that a party matter to drub him out of the party ? ” He repeatedly asked the attorney general 's lawyers how the state could enforce a law that seems to dictate the internal affairs of a political party . The attorney general 's lawyers replied that no one had ever been prosecuted for violating the delegate law , and that they had no intention of bringing any charges against Correll .
The judge cited testimony by Erling “ Curly ” Haughland , who has written a book — Unbound : The Conscience of a Republican Delegate — positing the thesis that the rules of the Republican National Convention have historically allowed delegates to vote their consciences at any Republican National Convention . In his book , Haughland and his co-author , Sean Parnell , detail the history of Republican conventions since 1856 ( the first year the Republican Party fielded a candidate for president ) on this subject . The authors argue that state governments should not be allowed to pass laws interfering with how a private organization such as a political party chooses its candidates for public office , including president of the United States .
Donald Trump 's campaign issued a statement claiming a win in the case , because under the decision the party can still pass rules to bind delegates to the results of presidential primaries in the several states , even if state governments can not do so .
Those such as Correll , however , contend that they do not argue with the right of the national convention to pass whatever rules they wish , but they say they now know that they will not have to worry about facing jail time or a fine from the state simply because of the way they vote in what should be a party , not a legal , matter .
The Rules Committee is meeting this week to adopt the rules for the 2016 convention . Each convention adopts its own rules , and the rules of the previous convention can not bind this year 's convention . Whatever rules the committee makes must be approved by the entire convention on the first day of the convention .
Whether delegates are “ bound ” by the results of the state 's primary or by state party rules is irrelevant to how they vote on the party 's rules . A delegate bound for Trump could vote to unbind the delegates from the results of a state 's primary or a state 's party rules , or a delegate bound for Senator Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) or for Senator Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) , could likewise choose to pass a rule to bind the delegates .
SAN FRANCISCO — At the start of this decade , the Arab Spring blossomed with the help of social media . That is the sort of story the tech industry loves to tell about itself : It is bringing freedom , enlightenment and a better future for all mankind .
Mark Zuckerberg , the Facebook founder , proclaimed that this was exactly why his social network existed . In a 2012 manifesto for investors , he said Facebook was a tool to create “ a more honest and transparent dialogue around government. ” The result , he said , would be “ better solutions to some of the biggest problems of our time . ”
Now tech companies are under fire for creating problems instead of solving them . At the top of the list is Russian interference in last year 's presidential election . Social media might have originally promised liberation , but it proved an even more useful tool for stoking anger . The manipulation was so efficient and so lacking in transparency that the companies themselves barely noticed it was happening .
The election is far from the only area of concern . Tech companies have accrued a tremendous amount of power and influence . Amazon determines how people shop , Google how they acquire knowledge , Facebook how they communicate . All of them are making decisions about who gets a digital megaphone and who should be unplugged from the web .
Published on Sep 5 , 2013
Get “ Roar ” from Katy Perry 's ‘ PRISM ' : http : //katy.to/PRISM
WITNESS : The Tour tickets available now ! https : //www.katyperry.com/tour
Official music video for Katy Perry 's `` Roar '' brought to you in Junglescope directed by Grady Hall & Mark Kudsi and produced by Javier Jimenez , Danny Lockwood , Patrick Nugent , Derek Johnson and Oualid Mouaness .
Follow Katy :
http : //www.katyperry.com
http : //youtube.com/katyperry
http : //twitter.com/katyperry
http : //facebook.com/katyperry
http : //instagram.com/katyperry
Lyrics :
I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath
Scared to rock the boat and make a mess
So I sit quietly
Agree politely
I guess that I forgot I had a choice
I let you push me past the breaking point
I stood for nothing
So I fell for everything
( Pre-Chorus )
You held me down but I got up
Already brushing off the dust
You hear my voice , you hear that sound
Like thunder , gon na shake the ground
You held me down but I got up
Get ready 'cause I 've had enough
I see it all , I see it now
( Chorus )
I got the eye of the tiger , a fighter
Dancing through the fire
‘ Cause I am a champion
And you 're gon na hear me roar
Louder , louder than a lion
‘ Cause I am a champion
And you 're gon na hear me roar
You 're gon na hear me roar
Now I 'm floating like a butterfly
Stinging like a bee , I earned my stripes
I went from zero
To my own hero
( Pre-Chorus )
You held me down but I got up
Already brushing off the dust
You hear my voice , you hear that sound
Like thunder , gon na shake the ground
You held me down but I got up
Get ready 'cause I 've had enough
I see it all , I see it now
( Chorus )
I got the eye of the tiger , a fighter
Dancing through the fire
‘ Cause I am a champion
And you 're gon na hear me roar
Music video by Katy Perry performing Roar . ( C ) 2013 Capitol Records , LLC
On Friday , pro-life advocate and Culture of Life Africa founder Obianuju Ekeocha uncovered old Planned Parenthood pamphlets which admit that abortion is murder , explaining that the act `` kills the life of a baby . '' Such literature has been archived by Speaker for Life .
As seen below , the Planned Parenthood literature from 1952 states that abortion “ kills the life of a baby after it has begun , '' and even warns that abortion `` may make you sterile . ''
`` Abortion is dangerous to your life & health . It may make you sterile ''
-PlannedParenthood 1952
This is the only truth by @ PPact in 100yrs pic.twitter.com/Tufr7TjY7i — Obianuju Ekeocha ( @ obianuju ) April 20 , 2017
Ekeocha provided more photos of that same piece of literature :
I just came across a @ PPact pamphlet from 1952 where they say that abortion `` kills the life of a baby '' . We should send them a copy today ! pic.twitter.com/cRQgZP9WhF — Obianuju Ekeocha ( @ obianuju ) April 20 , 2017
The pro-life advocate exposed yet another pamphlet with the same language :
Yet another @ PPact pamphlet from when they told women that abortion '' kills the life of a baby '' .This was before the days of ultrasounds . pic.twitter.com/vYfjSDlh5c — Obianuju Ekeocha ( @ obianuju ) April 21 , 2017
Responding to the pamphlets , National Right to Life President Carol Tobias said that Planned Parenthood clearly knows `` abortion ends the life of an innocent human being . ''
Another great find . @ PPFA and @ PPact know abortion ends the life of an innocent human being . @ nrlc https : //t.co/ga7BpBoQwb — Carol Tobias ( @ CarolTobias1 ) April 21 , 2017
Of course , the sincerity of such a declaration by the abortion mill should be questioned , as noted by National Right to Life 's Dr. Randall K. O'Bannon , who explained that `` abortion was not officially allowed in America '' at the time of the produced literature :
There are legitimate questions as to the sincerity of this declaration , coming as it did at a time when abortion was not officially allowed in America . But there is little doubt that Planned Parenthood soon changed its tune , fiercely fighting to legalize abortion and going on to become the nation 's largest abortion chain and most powerful abortion lobby .
Although some states legalized abortion before the landmark abortion case , Roe v. Wade officially legalized abortion nationwide in 1973 .
Since Planned Parenthood 's inception , the lucrative `` nonprofit '' has aborted over 7 million babies .
As scientific studies and medical advances continue to reaffirm that a fetus is in fact a distinct human being rather than just part of a woman 's body , Planned Parenthood has attempted to cover up this truth in order to advance their bottom line , under the guise of female empowerment , of course . On the official Planned Parenthood site , under `` How Do Abortions Work ? '' the abortion mill cloaks the truth by referring to unborn babies as `` pregnancy tissue '' ( emphasis added ) :
During a suction abortion procedure , the doctor or nurse will :
examine your uterus
put a speculum in to see into your vagina
inject a numbing medication into or near your cervix
stretch the opening of your cervix with a series of dilating rods if you have n't had them put in earlier
insert a thin tube through your cervix into your uterus
use a small , hand-held suction device or suction machine to gently take the pregnancy tissue out of your uterus
they may also use a small surgical tool called a curette to remove any tissue that 's left in your uterus , or check to make sure your uterus is totally empty .
To hear Ekeocha talk abortion with Daily Wire 's Andrew Klavan , click here .
Fucking shit man ,
5:25 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
You might be able to answer ,
When friendly girl asks you questions .
I think even friendly girl ,
Gets bored of a hard-fort grunt .
Fucking shit man ,
5:27 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
You might not frustrate boss lady .
Boss lady seems like she could snap .
She said ‘ over here ' like 10 times .
You still put it over there .
Fucking shit man ,
5:30 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
You might not creep Cool Guy out .
He 's going to think you 're a weirdo .
It would make work so much worse .
It 's just too hard to move your eyes .
Fucking shit man ,
5:40 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
You might not snap at that child .
He was hitting the expensive stuff ,
And his mum was just letting him go .
Then I get in shit for it on a lack of sleep .
Fucking shit man ,
6:00 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
Your girlfriend wo n't sound
Like a high pitched squeal .
That needless argument rehashing old issues ,
Might not happen .
Fucking shit man ,
6:30 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
Your back wo n't be sore all day .
You know that niggling pain .
You need to sit down ,
But boss lady is watching .
Fucking shit man ,
7:00 in the morning .
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now ,
You might not accidentally tell friendly girl ,
That thing about you that you keep secret .
Her face after said it all .
“ Mate , get some sleep ” .
Fucking shit man ,
7:45 in the morning ,
Work starts at 9 .
If you sleep now .
You might not break at the thought ,
Of getting of staying conscious ,
And repeating that tomorrow , into the night .
Please , let me s…
Advertisements
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . ( AP ) - The Missouri Supreme Court struck down a state law Thursday that denies bail to criminal defendants who can not prove they are legally present in the U.S .
The unanimous decision came in the case of a man who was has been jailed since Sept. 3 on a felony charge of possessing a forged Social Security card , but it could apply to anyone living in the U.S. illegally who faces charges in a Missouri court .
The ruling comes during a time of heightened attention to immigration issues , as President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to build a wall along the Mexican border and more aggressively enforce the nation 's immigration laws .
Immigration policy typically is a federal matter , but many states have stepped in with their own laws that can apply when people are facing state charges .
Missouri law says there is a presumption that granting bail for someone “ unlawfully present in the United States ” can not reasonably assure that the person will return to court for a later trial . The law says defendants who can not prove their legal presence remain in jail until their case is resolved .
Missouri 's highest court said that law violates the state constitution , which says people have a right to be released on bail pending a trial unless they face capital charges or pose a danger to others .
The court said those determinations must be made on a case-by-case basis and the state can not categorize a whole class of people as posing a danger to others merely because they are living in the U.S. illegally .
The Supreme Court directed the lower court to reconsider the bail request .
“ The right thing happened , and we 're going to try to go forward now , ” said attorney Fawzy Simon , who represents the defendant , Faustino Lopez-Matias .
Simon said he plans to go to Camden County Circuit Court on Friday to renew his request for bail . In documents previously filed with the Supreme Court , he had requested that bail be set at a $ 5,000 bond or $ 500 in cash , subject to the usual conditions of someone facing a forgery charge .
Online court records list a Camdenton , Missouri , address for Lopez-Matias . Simon declined to identify the native country of his client .
___
Follow David A. Lieb at : https : //twitter.com/DavidALieb
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC .
Testing Machine Learning Algorithms with K-Fold Cross Validation
Norbert has over 10 years ' experience in the data space working in different industries and various roles ; from business intelligence to database administration , consulting as well as architecting high volume , distributed systems .
In an earlier post on Applying Machine Learning to IoT Sensors , I discussed the process for classifying sensor data with a machine learning algorithm . In this post , I 'll give a background on choosing an algorithm , then using a validation technique . For the technique , I 'll show how to apply it , and how it can be built using the Talend Studio without hand coding .
Background
Given a prediction scenario involving a machine learning algorithm , the first question to ask is what is the appropriate machine learning algorithm ? Taking the example of predicting a user 's activity based on mobile phone accelerometer data , we must be able to classify a category for the data ( resting , walking , or running ) . As Talend leverages Spark MLlib out-of-the-box , we evaluate some of the popular algorithms which fall under classification .
This classification exercise presents common algorithms such as Logistic Regression , Decision Tree , Random Forest , and Naïve Bayes . Logistic Regression is not a candidate as it only supports binary ( two group ) classification . Naïve Bayes can only represent non-negative frequency counts of features ; therefore it was not a candidate as accelerometer data has negative values . However , this could be mediated by simply scaling all the data to ensure positive values ( i.e . multiplying all values times 100 ) . This leaves Decision Tree and Random Forest .
At this point , we take both algorithms and measure the accuracy of each model . If we were to take the initial training dataset ( which has been classified by hand ) and apply it against each model , we would see a high accuracy rate if used as test data . However , what would the accuracy look like if the model encountered data it has never seen before ? To test the accuracy of both algorithms , we leverage a validation technique such as K-Fold .
Applying K-Fold Technique
In K-Fold Cross Validation , the training dataset is partitioned into two pieces : training and test , where K represents the number of folds or observations to take place . For example , if we have a training dataset with 450 events , and we chose 10-Fold validation , then this would break up the training dataset into 10 folds :
Taking a training dataset with 450 events against 10-Fold Cross Validation would produce a test dataset of 45 events and a training dataset of 405 events . This process is then repeated K times ( 10 ) and the resulting accuracy is averaged to produce an overall , more realistic accuracy of the model being tested .
To help us determine which algorithm is the most accurate with our dataset , we can build out the validation technique graphically using Talend Studio , and apply it against the algorithms being tested .
Building K-Fold in Talend Studio
Leveraging the out-of-the-box machine learning algorithms , we will build a K-Fold Cross Validation job in Talend Studio and test against a Decision Tree and Random Forest . The training set used for this example can be downloaded on GitHub .
Before we can build the validation , we build a job to encode each model being tested . Each of these jobs consist of reading the training dataset , encoding the model vectors , and saving the model .
Additionally , we build a job to test each model . When testing the model , we want to do 5 things :
Read the test dataset Apply the model Check whether the predicted label matches our training label Calculate the sum of matched labels Save the number of matched labels
When the model will be tested , each test dataset will produce an accuracy which we will store and output at the end of our K-Fold validation . After these are built , we can begin work on the validation job .
The overall validation job will have 3 main routines :
Read the full training dataset and partition into a test dataset and training dataset for each K-Fold Pass the partitioned training dataset to create the model and pass the partitioned test dataset to test the model Calculate the accuracy for each K-Fold
Partitioning Datasets
For the first piece of the validation job , we need to read the full training dataset , capture the row count , and then configure some variables which will be used in processing the validation . The most obvious variable is the number of K-Folds to be processed . This is stored as a context parameter and is requested when the validation is run :
Based on the number of K-Folds , we will be able to calculate the following :
Row Number – used to filter the rows when creating the test bin and training data Fold Size – the current iteration of the loop used to calculate the size ( number of rows ) of the test bin K Value – calculated value based on the total number of rows in the original training data and the number of parameterized folds Bin Start – the row number where the current test dataset starts Bin End – the row number where the current test dataset ends
For development purposes , the row numbers and variables can be sent to the console . When we specify 10 for K-Folds , we should see an output such as :
. -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- - . | loop 0 | |= -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- =| |row_number|aX |aY |aZ |label |k_value|fold_size|bin_start|bin_end| |= -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- =| |1 |-4.1 |8.07 |-16.36|running|0 |45 |1 |45 | |2 |-2.34 |9.69 |-0.33 |running|0 |45 |1 |45 | |3 |0.0 |0.01 |-0.01 |resting|0 |45 |1 |45 | | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | |450 |-0.01 |-0.02 |-0.07 |resting|0 |45 |1 |45 | ' -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- - ' ... . -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- - . | loop 9 | |= -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- =| |row_number|aX |aY |aZ |label |k_value|fold_size|bin_start|bin_end| |= -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- =| |1 |-4.1 |8.07 |-16.36|running|9 |45 |406 |450 | |2 |-2.34 |9.69 |-0.33 |running|9 |45 |406 |450 | |3 |0.0 |0.01 |-0.01 |resting|9 |45 |406 |450 | | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | |450 |-0.01 |-0.02 |-0.07 |resting|9 |45 |406 |450 | ' -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- + -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- - '
For each loop ( starting at 0 ) , we calculate the fold size and find the offset to create the test datasets and training datasets . Once we 've validated the calculations , we can add a filter which separates the outputs :
After setting up the mappings , the first main routine of the validation job looks like :
This piece of the validation job will create the test and training datasets into a directory :
Create and Test Models
Once the test and training datasets are prepared , we 're ready to generate the model and test it . This is done by calling the jobs built earlier for each type of model ( Decision Tree or Random Forest ) :
The loop will iterate K-Fold times and pick up the appropriate test or training dataset . This process is repeated for each model .
Calculate Accuracy of the Model
The last step is to aggregate the results from the validation . Again , the loop will iterate K-Fold times and read from the outputs of each test to calculate the accuracy .
After running the validation job against a model , we receive an output of the accuracy of each K-Fold :
0|0.9777777777777777 1|0.9555555555555556 2|0.9333333333333333 3|0.9777777777777777 4|0.8888888888888888 5|0.9777777777777777 6|0.9777777777777777 7|0.9555555555555556 8|0.9777777777777777 9|0.9111111111111111
All the Pieces
Putting it all together , the final K-Fold Cross Validation job will look like :
When not testing one model , it can simply be de-activated . The first routine to partition the training data can also be de-activated after running once . We also leveraged context parameters to pass information between this validation job to the create and test model jobs .
Conclusion
Machine Learning provides the ability to learn and make predictions on different types of data . In this example , we 've taken two classification algorithms ( Decision Tree & Random Forest ) and used a K-Fold Cross Validation technique to determine which algorithm would have a higher accuracy for classifying the user activity based on accelerometer sensor data .
Leveraging Talend 's graphical design environment to build out the validation technique , choosing an appropriate algorithm was simple . Using the provided training dataset , Random Forest had a slightly higher overall accuracy over Decision Tree using 10-Fold Validation . In addition , each validation job ran in just under 3 minutes with Spark under the covers .
There were a few exceptions not built into this validation job such as handling odd rows , or performing clean up steps after each model has been tested . As with all development , refactoring could also be done to make this more dynamic for other data sets . However , the goal was to leverage a graphical design environment and out-of-the-box machine learning algorithms to help us build and choose an appropriate model .
Shit 's got ta be quick , I 'm gon na be late for work . Here 's your update . The time travel shit is almost over and I ca n't wait to draw a 30-foot-tall demon . ( Unrelated . )
Shirts today : On me ... still . And on Claire . Also still .
-Trent north face cyber monday michael kors black friday coach black friday north face black friday canada goose cyber monday north face cyber monday hollister black friday beats by dre cyber monday canada goose black friday hollister black friday hollister black friday michael kors cyber monday north face cyber monday beats by dre black friday coach cyber monday north face black friday kate spade cyber monday beats by dre black friday beats by dre cyber monday north face black friday michael kors black friday uggs cyber monday hollister cyber monday kate spade cyber monday canada goose black friday uggs cyber monday kate spade black friday uggs cyber monday uggs cyber monday michael kors black friday canada goose black friday uggs black friday canada goose cyber monday hollister black friday beats by dre black friday uggs cyber monday canada goose black friday uggs black friday michael kors cyber monday lululemon cyber monday michael kors black friday michael kors Black Friday michael kors black friday michael kors Black Friday michael kors black friday north face cyber monday jordan 11 legend blue jordans 11 legend blue jordans 11 legend blue 11s legend blue 11s legend blue 11s jordan 11 legend blue 11s jordan 13 black infrared jordan 11 legend blue 11s jordan 11 legend blue black infrared 23 13s legend blue 11s black infrared 13s black infrared 23 13s black infrared 13s jordan 11 legend blue 11s black infrared 13s jordan 13 black infrared 23 jordans 11 legend blue jordans 11 legend blue black infrared 13s jordan 13 black infrared 23 jordans 11 legend blue 11s black infrared 13s jordan 13 black infrared 23 black infrared 13s jordan 11 legend blue jordans 13 black infrared 23 jordans 11 legend blue 11s jordan 13 black infrared jordan 11 legend blue jordans 11 legend blue jordans 11 legend blue 11s legend blue 11s
DUBLIN , Ireland — After the binge of the `` Celtic Tiger '' years , Ireland has been jolted awake with the mother of all hangovers , an empty wallet and a horrendous bill .
On Thursday the government shocked a bewildered nation with the disclosure that the final cost of bailing out the Irish banks could rise to 50 billion euros ( $ 69 billion ) . This is much more than previously admitted , and the impact on the country and the population of nearly 5 million has quickly become apparent .
The bailout will cost every man , woman and child in the republic 10,000 euros . Ireland will have to endure savage cuts in expenditure . There will be hair-shirt budgets for at least four years . And the Emerald Isle , warned the European Union , can now no longer remain a low-tax economy .
Finance Minister Brian Lenihan agreed the figures were “ horrendous , '' but said they `` can be managed over a 10-year period . ”
The reaction of the media in Dublin and the world 's financial capitals was pretty uniform : Ireland 's Celtic Tiger is dead .
The Daily Star in Dublin splashed a cover picture of a tombstone with the inscription “ Ireland R.I.P. ” The Guardian in England ran a headline “ Ireland Busted. ” The Wall Street Journal said convulsions in Dublin were adding to concerns that Ireland may go the way of Greece and have to be rescued by the International Monetary Fund .
International approval of Ireland 's handling of the crisis is critical for the demoralized and unstable Irish coalition government of Taoiseach ( prime minister ) Brian Cowen . It must reassure the financial markets that it can manage the country 's spiraling debt costs .
Lenihan seems for the moment to have succeeded in what the Financial Times conceded was at least “ a step — a small one , and not before time — towards solving Ireland 's banking crisis. ” In the meantime , like an erring customer groveling before a bank manager , the government has had to promise not to borrow any more money just now ; the exchequer will not seek any more emergency funding from international lenders until next year .
The calamity in Ireland is the result of reckless lending by its banks during a boom that ended in 2007 , and which , as property prices plunge , has become one of the biggest busts in history .
The cost of winding down Anglo Irish bank alone is estimated at 34 billion euros . Its directors lent outrageous sums to developers to buy sites and acquire properties that in many cases have become entirely worthless .
Even more shocking for a country where the banks were seen as solid pillars of the national infrastructure , one of the two biggest financial institutions , Allied Irish Banks , was practically nationalized with an injection of 3 billion euros and the brusque removal of its chairman and managing director on Thursday .
Lenihan , who two years ago estimated that the Anglo Irish Bank bailout would cost only 4.5 billion euros , claimed he was bringing closure to the “ nightmare the government has had to live with , the Irish people have had to live with , and I have had to live with , since September 2008 . ”
Meanwhile , the deficit for this year will be 32 percent of gross domestic product , 10 times the limit set for member countries by the EU .
Cowen admitted that the Irish people were “ rightly angry ” at having to bear the burden of the profligate spending by bankers and developers , encouraged by cronyism at the highest levels . That anger was expressed on Tuesday when a protestor , 41-year-old Joe McNamara , drove a cement truck up against the gates of the Irish parliament building , Leinster House , in Dublin . His act gave rise to countless internet jokes about “ concrete ” measures to tackle the problem .
In the words of prominent businessman Denis O'Brien , Ireland is at “ ground zero ” and has to start rebuilding . He was speaking at a dinner in honor of Bill Clinton at University College Dublin on Thursday . At the end of a three-day visit , Clinton told an enraptured audience that Irish people were lucky — the lights came on at night , the toilets flushed , the government worked and they lived in homes they did not have to build themselves , whereas in some countries he visited people had none of these things . Ireland would be “ just fine , ” he said . It was about the only uplifting moment on Ireland 's “ black Thursday . ”
Posted : February 18 , 2015 by Malwarebytes Labs
Last updated : March 30 , 2016
DISCLAIMER : THIS POST INCLUDES SOME LANGUAGE AND TOPICS THAT MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL READERS , PLEASE BE ADVISED AND PROCEED WITH CAUTION .
Update 2/18/15 :
RedTube has confirmed the incident and said they addressed the hack :
The continuing proliferation of malware attacks have made them a concern for any organization . This past Sunday , leading provider of adult content RedTube was exposed to an attack for a brief period of time . Our security systems immediately detected the breach and we took direct action to rectify the situation in order to protect RedTube users . The situation was fully resolved by Sunday evening and there is no longer any risk to visiting RedTube . Redtube pursues stringent privacy requirements and maintains the highest industry standards of privacy protection to secure not only their assets and properties , but to provide comprehensive protection of their customers ' data when visiting a Redtube owned site . Redtube is committed to providing their customers with an optimal online experience and the peace of mind when they are accessing a RedTube site .
As always we urge people to still use caution and keep their computers protected .
Original Story :
We 've documented adult sites leading to malware before on this blog , but this one is a little bit different .
This time around , the source of the problem is not malvertising , but rather a malicious iframe placed directly in the source code of redtube [ dot ] com , a pornographic site that boasts over 300 million visits a month .
Overview
iframes
The attack does n't come from a malicious advertisement being loaded on the webpage , like was the case with xHamster , but rather the source code of RedTubes main page was modified to include a hidden piece of redirection code .
The code is executed inside of an iFrame , which is basically like a browser window inside of your browser window that can point to any website the attacker wants . In this case the iFrame is set to be completely invisible to the user and navigates to the following malicious URLs :
hxxp : //tfx.pw/a.js hxxp : //fuck.fpmenziken.ch/adShowMe.jsp ? zoneid=27 & bannerid=2 & chid=341aa8fca26bcff7830499c1c5f8e359
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
The existence of the iFrame in the main page source code is evidence enough to say that RedTube servers were likely hacked by malicious actors who had access to the main page source code , adding the malicious code and then setting it loose on RedTube users .
Exploit Kit ( Angler EK )
The Angler Exploit Kit has been one of the more prominent exploit kits on the cyber black market for the last year , being used in zero-day attacks against applications like Flash and Silverlight . It 's instance in this case does n't use a zero day exploit , however it 's ability to quickly and effectively infect a user with malware is what makes it so popular among cybercriminals . The pages directly involved with the exploit kit are as follows :
hxxp : //replenisht-dyletantyzm.latinbrothersmusic.com/io5h8d19i3.php hxxp : //replenisht-dyletantyzm.latinbrothersmusic.com/9E4aI_T3BSf0HXpKG_1f-gNLcItlXc8fnVsgRFGib8jC_hw-ySQKzEHvsQP08slM hxxp : //replenisht-dyletantyzm.latinbrothersmusic.com/XaN63jVCo9-NC1KsRn7nfMKIXpGreKpqo8UDRna5HHoBKjrIcRWibrIW1Av8mk4K
Angler EK uses the more recently discovered Flash Exploit CVE-2015-0313 ( Zero-Day ) and once it exploits the user 's browser , will attempt to drop malware detected by Malwarebytes Anti-Malware as Trojan.FakeMS.Ed . Other security vendors detect the malware as belonging to the Kazy Trojan family .
This family is known for stealing personal information from users as well as installing browser helper objects that spread pop-up ads , some redirecting to additional exploit pages and therefore more malware infections .
Anti-Exploit protection
Malwarebytes Anti-Exploit proactively detects and blocks the exploit before it gets the chance to download and run malware .
Exploit infections , either through drive-by methods , malvertisement or malicious iFrame injections have been a problem for users and organizations alike for years and rather than it slowing down , new discoveries in attach technology has only increased the amount of attacks happening every month .
It is then highly advised that looking into anti-exploit , malicious webpage blocking and advertisement blocking solutions is in the best interest of all users .
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Snooker legend Ronnie O'Sullivan has backed Labour again and said ­people should give party leader Jeremy Corbyn a break .
The five-times world champ said today : “ Jeremy Corbyn is a man of his word .
“ He is unwavering in his beliefs whether he is ­criticised for them or not . I 'd like to be his friend . ”
Father-of-three Ronnie has backed a Labour leader before – once playing snooker with Ed Miliband on the campaign trail .
The 41-year-old star – engaged to actress Laila Rouass , 45 – also talked about his children , saying he does n't get to spend much time with them because of a difficult relationship with his ex-partner .
( Image : Getty )
He added in a magazine ­interview : “ I had them for a week once and I became so attached I broke down in tears at the end . I did n't want to say goodbye .
“ They came and cuddled me and I told them I would miss them . They know their dad loves them and I know they love me . I 'm there for them no matter what . ”
Untitled a guest Dec 28th , 2016 3,756 Never a guest3,756Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint PHP 0.41 KB if ( $ postData [ ' A ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' A ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' B ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' B ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' C ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' C ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ 'D ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( 'D ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' E ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' E ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' F ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' F ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' G ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this - > optin ( ' G ' , $ fields ) ; And so on ...
RAW Paste Data
if ( $ postData [ ' A ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' A ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' B ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' B ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' C ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' C ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ 'D ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( 'D ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' E ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' E ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' F ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' F ' , $ fields ) ; if ( $ postData [ ' G ' ] == 'on ' ) $ this- > optin ( ' G ' , $ fields ) ; And so on ...
Seminar expected bring successful solar users and those interested together to discuss the current shift from `` feed-in tariff to self-consumption '' solar
The political climate for solar energy shifts from bright to cloudy , but proponents of the ever-improving technology say it is always going to be right for the planet , good for business , and beneficial to the pocketbook .
Guelph Solar , a local solar system company , is hosting an upcoming seminar aimed at shining a bright light on solar opportunities and benefits .
Company owner Steve Dyck says that while Ontario 's microFIT ( feed-in tariff ) Program is scheduled to end next year , and the province has made recent announcements related to curtailing alternative energy purchases , there is a lot of potential for businesses and homeowners to adopt solar energy .
The Solar Success Seminar happens on Oct. 11 at Innovation Guelph ( 111 Farquhar St. ) from 6:30-8:30 p.m. Tickets are free and can be found , along with registration , at Eventbrite .
Guelph lawyer and solar investor Frank Valeriote , former Guelph member of Parliament , is among the presenters at the symposium , along with Jennifer Duggan , a homeowner who went solar , and Kithio Mwanzia , CEO of the Guelph Chamber of Commerce , who is a believer in the economic benefits of solar .
Valeriote said he has been investing in solar and other energy efficiency measures for many years , having solar panels installed on properties he owns in the city , including the installation of over 40 panels on one building as part of the microFIT Program .
His investment , he said , gives him an eleven percent return .
Those currently signed on to the program are locked into 20-year contracts to sell energy back to the provincial power grid . Valeriote said government needs to continue to encourage investment in solar and other renewable energy .
“ It 's saving the environment , but there is also a business case for it , ” said Valeriote , speaking of investing in solar energy . “ This is about saving our planet and creating jobs while we 're doing it . ”
Tens of thousands of jobs have been created in countries like Germany in the solar industry in recent years , he said . But Canada has created far less . Our country , he said , has not yet fully embraced alternative energy and tapped into its potential .
Duggan 's family home sells solar energy back into the provincial grid through microFIT .
“ I want to be a producer of energy and not just a consumer of it , and this is one way to do that , ” said Duggan , who thinks it 's a shame that the program is ending .
“ But I 'm not really worried about those developments , ” she added . “ I think it 's a market that has ripples like everything else , and is far less volatile than oil and gas prices . ”
Dyck said solar is an exciting industry to be a part of . There has been some leadership in Ontario in moving the industry forward . There is a transition taking place right now , he said , one that is moving from feed-in tariff to self-consumption .
“ With the cost of solar equipment coming down , it 's to the point where generating power for your own home versus relying solely on the grid makes sense , ” he said .
He added that there are still opportunities to get in on microFIT before it ends , but changes to the program have been unpredictable to date , and it is not entirely clear what those opportunities will look like .
The Solar Success Seminar , he said , revolves around solar success stories .
“ We 're bringing together different people who have been involved in solar in some different directions , ” he said . “ It 's an opportunity to learn from some people who have installed solar . We 'll be looking at some of the financials involved , how to do it right , and what the future holds . ”
Rami Aziz from RBC Wealth Management , will speak about the positive economics of investing in solar right now . Engineer Rob Blakeney , owner of Local Impact Design , will talk about the energy self-sufficiency of homes that incorporate solar .
Guelph Solar staff will be on hand to discuss new solar products and technology .
Mike Hanson , blind hiker , on the Appalachian Trail
Photo by Gary Steffens .
The Appalachian Trail spans more than 2,000 miles across 14 states , traversing woodlands and peaks from Springer Mountain in Georgia to Mount Katahdin in Maine . It is one of the world 's longest continuous footpaths , and each year thousands of individuals attempt to hike the entire thing .
For any thru-hiker , making the trek is an accomplishment ( fewer than 25 percent successfully complete the journey ) . But that 's especially true if you 're blind . Which is why it 's so impressive that Minneapolis-based attorney Mike Hanson set out along the Appalachian Trail in the spring of 2010 . Using only a GPS device and trekking poles , the visually impaired Hanson plotted and completed the majority of the Appalachian Trail without outside assistance , making an important point about the power of technology and the independence of those without sight .
Born in Madison , Wis. , Hanson has been blind since birth . When he was born prematurely , doctors gave him a high concentration of oxygen , which damaged his retinas . Despite his impairment , Hanson is an avid outdoorsman . As a child , his father 's stories about pheasant hunting in rural South Dakota inspired him to seek out wilderness . Later on , Hanson became a president of Capable Partners , a program designed to help visually impaired individuals partake in hunting and fishing by providing them with seeing partners as aides .
These experiences motivated him to pursue a long-distance hike , and the AT seemed like a fitting goal . Many other visually impaired individuals have completed similar journeys—among them Bill Irwin , who hiked the AT with a guide dog—but few have employed GPS systems . Hanson firmly believes that technology has the potential to change the way that the visually impaired interact with the world , and he suspected that using GPS to complete a big-ticket hike would help him prove his point . For years , though , the technology was both too expensive and too limited in its capabilities , which meant Hanson had to put his plans on hold .
Finally , in 2006 , he noticed an increasing “ availability of GPS that you can use without sight. ” Using his Nokia N82 cellphone , Hanson downloaded a Loadstone GPS system , which is a free , open-source application specifically designed to facilitate the mobility of blind and visually impaired persons . The Loadstone GPS system allows its users to search for points of interest in an area—such as grocery stores , schools , and office buildings—and store those sites along with labels for future use . With the addition of screen reader technology , the Loadstone program can then provide oral instructions , letting a user know when to turn and when a destination is nearby , all with the help of clock-face directions . This data can later be shared online with other users , leading to a crowdsourced database of sites . Unlike , say , your iPhone 's navigation system , the Loadstone program does not have extensive existing data points ; however , the Loadstone program allows visually impaired users to create their own personalized databases at a low cost .
Mike Hanson on the Appalachian Trail
Photo by Gary Steffens .
For his hike of the Appalachian Trail , however , Hanson needed more detailed maps than crowdsourcing could provide . Hanson gathered data from the Appalachian Trail Conservancy and other sources and converted the information to the Loadstone GPS format on his phone . Hanson then used tools on the Loadstone website—such as a route planner function—to generate checkpoints along the trail . These locations—created by entering geographical coordinates into the route planner—included things like campsites , trailheads , and water sources . Most importantly , the Loadstone tools allowed Hanson to store oral instructions along with each point , which would be necessary on the trail .
Over the course of the next few years , Hanson continued to update his GPS device while pushing himself into top physical shape . In true sports montage fashion , Hanson did everything from hiking to lifting weights to walking on a stair climber with a backpack . In 2007 , Hanson flew to Shenandoah National Park for a week and hiked part of the AT in order to test his Loadstone system . The majority of his data proved to be accurate , and each major point was within approximately 20 feet of the GPS estimation . The test run also showed Hanson that he would need a GPS receiver with longer battery life . Hanson replaced the receiver—moving from a six-hour battery to a 32-hour battery—and began to make final preparations for his hike .
On March 6 , 2010 , Hanson began his journey in Georgia , followed closely by Gary Steffens , a filmmaker who decided to document the trek . The two carried 40- to 50-pound backpacks filled with all of the necessary materials , including first aid kits , tents , maps , and food . For the majority of the trip , Hanson combined the use of his GPS with the employment of trekking poles . At each checkpoint , Hanson would listen to his GPS and gauge the distance and direction to the next site . Then , intermittently along the trail , Hanson could verify his position and maintain the correct orientation . While the GPS kept Hanson on track in a macro sense , his trekking poles alerted him to smaller details , such as obstacles and turns in the trail . Hanson 's sense of hearing allowed him to locate water , campgrounds , and other important sites that were not indicated on his maps .
Blind hiker Mike Hanson customized his own GPS technology to help him on his trek
Photo by Gary Steffens .
Occasionally , dangerous weather and terrain proved challenging . Before Hanson even set foot on the trail , a late spring blizzard blanketed the AT with snow , making it difficult for Hanson to be sure he was on the right path . Later , on Blood Mountain in Georgia , Hanson explained , the men “ faced heavy rain , strong winds , and slopes we had to slide down . ”
Although these setbacks slowed his pace—and forced him to skip a few sections of the trail—Hanson remained steady and , in early October , he began hiking the summit of Mount Katahdin in Maine , the final hurdle of the AT thru-hike . With the help of two Maine residents he met that day , Rita and Bain Pollard , Hanson found good foot- and hand-holds along the Hunt Trail up Katahdin . On Oct. 2 , 2010 , Hanson and his companions reached the top , the pinnacle of seven months and 1,700 miles of hard work .
Reflecting upon the demanding trip , Hanson chooses to focus on its broad implications rather than its personal significance . Although Hanson has found success in a variety of roles—most recently as an attorney—he recognizes that many people are unaware of the tools and tactics that can allow blind people to accomplish a variety of tasks . According to the American Foundation for the Blind , 70 percent of legally blind individuals and 55 percent of visually impaired individuals are unemployed . Hanson wants to inspire these individuals to pursue grander goals , and he believes that “ with the right technology , one can do quite a few things . ”
Blind hiker Mike Hanson on the Appalachian Trail
Photo by Gary Steffens .
Unfortunately , although a lot of good technology exists , Hanson explains that there is a “ gap between what is available cost-effectively … and what potential employers know about. ” Many employers are wary of hiring visually impaired individuals because they are unfamiliar with their condition and may be misinformed about the cost of the technologies required to address it . Even worse , many visually impaired individuals are themselves unaware of the newest technologies .
Hanson is determined to address these issues , and hopes that his hike can help demonstrate the possibilities . He has written a book , and is in the process of developing new GPS technology with his business partner , Harlan Jacobs . Through their company , Wayfinder Angels Corporation , the two are working to improve upon current products while also raising awareness about tech aids in general .
As he plans his next adventure on the Pacific Crest Trail , Hanson reminds us to never “ give up on an idea because you do n't know how to make it happen right now . Give it time … and just keep paying attention to what is going on in terms of technology in the world around you . Maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , but at some point you 'll figure out a way to make it happen . ”
Twin girls pay by facial recognition on the computer at the Ant Financial booth during the 2016 Computing Conference at Yunqi Cloud Town in Hangzhou . ( Photo : Getty Images )
China is now leading the AI industry in terms of biometric identification technology , especially in the field of speech recognition .
China Daily reported that speech recognition accounts for about 60 percent of venture capital investments in China AI industry while visual recognition has only 12.5 percent .
Advertisement
Biometric identification is at the center of the artificial intelligence industry . The technology enables automatic recognition of an individual 's physiological and behavioral characteristics . By identifying people through fingerprints , face , palms and the eye , the technology helps prevent fraud , improved security and curb identity theft .
Industry research company International Data Corp said that AI application will have a huge impact on traditional industries as AI technologies are now being applied in agriculture , business , healthcare , industry , finance , education and security .
Currently , more advanced AI technology is being used in healthcare , finance , retail and smart cities . Innovation in these sectors has been made possible by technology .
According to IDC , the adoption and use of AI and cognitive systems in various industries is expected to increase worldwide revenues from $ 8 billion in 2016 to more than $ 47 billion in 2020 .
The annual growth rate of the cognitive/AI solutions market is expected to rise 55.1 percent from 2016 to 2020 .
Currently , the AI field has already been used by tech companies such as Google Inc , Facebook Inc , and Microsoft Corp and China 's Internet giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd .
In 2015 , the worldwide AI market reached about 48.4 billion yuan ( $ 7 billion ) , according to iResearch Consulting Group . China 's AI market is estimated to reach 9.1 billion yuan by 2020 .
According to IDC , the success of AI relies on commercialization although its growth was made possible by huge data , faster hardware and better algorithms .
`` We have entered an AI era and will see huge changes to society and the economy as a result of AI , '' Wang Yue , senior research manager at IDC China , said , adding that AI companies have to cooperate to make the technology popular among people .
`` Both the high-tech or traditional products will be embedded with AI technology . The AI Plus will drive the new round of economic development after Internet Plus , '' he added .
In a recent article published on We Remember Love , Pontifus considered the confusing contradictions that appear throughout Ookami-san and pondered whether they indicated a statement on moe , or perhaps even a meta-reaction to it . He took it one step further by bringing up the question of whether a moe in conflict with itself ( as appears in Ookami-san ) is sustainable , and likened the moe genre as a whole to a dodongo who 'd just swallowed a bomb . Art movements , as he rightly pointed out , do n't explode though… they shift . The most important question he asked dealt with the future of moe , and he speculated that moe might go through something of an upheaval… maybe now , maybe not til five years time .
Now I do n't consider myself a cultural , literary , or humanities expert by any stretch of the imagination , so if it becomes obvious that I 'm fumbling with concepts I do n't fully understand , please point it out . Pontifus , and his partner in crime , Cuuchlan , ( the duo who , when their powers combine , form Super Fanicom ) wrote in a recent article about post-structuralism ( which is only obliquely related to this article… or perhaps it is n't , maybe I just do n't understand the concept enough , nonetheless , it 's still well-worth reading ) that the use of “ post- ” generally implies a response to whatever concept it 's attached to . In my simplistic understanding , postmodernism , which often manifests itself as the mixing of tropes , is an attempt to democratize art , to take it away from the skilled artists and the elitists who place them on a pedestal , and share it with all . Theodor W. Adorno ‘ s criticism of postmodernism is that , in a capitalist system , democratization inevitably decays into commercialisation , which cheapens the value of art overall . If art is to succeed among a wide audience , then it must appeal to the lowest common denominator . I find it interesting to look at anime and otaku culture in the context of postmodernism . Japan , in its tendency to isolate and stew/skew cultural concepts until they 're just about unrecognizable to the rest of the world ( eg , anime 's style as inspired by Disney ‘ s style ) has possibly created , in otaku-ism , a culture so commercial that it could be viewed as one ( of many ) logical conclusions of a postmodern art movement . The interesting thing is that , rather than being democratized , anime is now insular and self-internalized .
Whether or not moe is in its death knell , the logical thing to say is that post-moe will come after moe . The inherent assumption , of course , is that otaku will never completely reject moe , but will eventually see a need to respond to it . I think this a fairly safe assumption to make , and it 's why I think superflat , the rejection of moe , will never be a dominantly popular genre among otaku . The question , then , is what will post-moe look like ? All I can do is speculate , and hope that , whatever it is , it surprises all of us ( to this day , I continue to associate my strongest reactions to anything anime related with “ surprise ” ) . Whatever the case , seeing as anime is a postmodern art form , it will be largely up to otaku to decide .
In Pontifus ' description of Ookami-san ( both the anime and the character ) something struck me . There are at least three alternative ways of interpreting the contradictions that are rife through the show , the first and most obvious one being that they 're accidental . The second is that they 're a response to moe , but one that is still incredibly confused about the statement it wants to make on moe . The third is that Ookami-san is just another example of gap moe .
If we take the second interpretation to its logical conclusion , we could see it as an initial stage of a post-moe movement ( art movements must start from somewhere ) . But perhaps Ookami-san is better understood in the context of gap moe . Now , gap moe is a concept which does n't get discussed that often in Western fandom , and I suspect it 's not well understood among Western fans . It has ( to my understanding ) been recognized among Japanese fans for a while . I wo n't claim to be an expert about it , because even I do n't have full confidence in my understanding of it . ( It is , as Baka-Raptor points out , always going to be a challenge to understand gap moe when we do n't even completely understand regular moe . ) Gap moe , as far as I can tell , is a moe of a character that consists of two contradictory physical or personality traits that , at first glance , simply do n't make sense to exist within one character . Like a loli with big boobs . Or a small girl with huge strength . Or… a sexual abuse victim who is also a virgin . If you 're watching Ookami-san , then alarm bells will be ringing at this point .
The disparate elements that exist within a character with gap moe invite further investigation , which is part of its appeal . Gap moe often promises that the gap will make sense eventually if you just persist with the story , so there 's this “ mystery ” element to its characters . The use of moe to explore characters at a deeper level is not unique to gap moe… Key has made an empire out of doing this . But neither is gap moe a new nor obscure concept , even if it is one that Western fandom is just now waking up to .
Whether you believe that an upheaval of moe is imminent might depend on how frequently you think such upheavals should happen . Is moe currently stagnant ? Well , it 's certainly not as volatile and dynamic as it was during 2006-7 , which is when I believe moe went through its most recent shake-up . At the centre of this shake-up was Suzumiya Haruhi , and the shock-waves were felt in many different genres . The harem genre was deconstructed by Suzumiya Haruhi , and further deconstructed again by Kannagi , before being reconstructed in a new and previously unrecognizable form by Bakemonogatari . Suzumiya Haruhi also changed to tone of moe in the slice-of-life comedy anime which was built upon by Lucky Star and has since lead to K-On ! . The show also provided a new take on meta-self-aware comedies which branched out in several different directions… one course following Hayate no Gotoku to Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei , and another off-branch leading to Seitokai no Ichizon and Baka-Test .
Another smaller tremor happened , coincidentally , at the same time ( even though it was unrelated ) , and that was Higurashi no Naku Koro ni . Its impact was slightly smaller , but its legacy was a mixture of moe and horror that worked significantly better than previous attempts like Elfen Lied and Narutaru . The influence of Higurashi can be seen in works like Shiki , among others , but perhaps it is around this time that gap moe started to become really prominent . It 's hard to think of a more quintessential example of gap moe than Higurashi .
Gap moe itself can , in a rather technical way , be seen as a primitive form of post-moe , since the existence of a gap evidences a statement or response to the disparate moe elements that strafe that gap . It 's implicitly accepted that anime must go through an upheaval before post-moe replaces moe as the dominant form . But maybe anime has gone through that upheaval already , and moe has been replaced by gap moe… just , that we Western fans were asleep to it while it was happening and simply did n't notice . The question I want to ask now is , if we accept that the contradictions so apparent in Ookami-san and that define modern moe can be understood within the context of gap moe , when exactly did the upheaval that lead to this ( ie , gap moe becoming modern moe ) happen ? Perhaps if we can figure out the answer to this question , we might have a better idea what will happen to moe after its next evolution .
Heritage has been catching flak over its immigration report . | JAY WESTCOTT/POLITICO Heritage does damage control
The Heritage Foundation has gone into damage-control mode in the last few days , after coming under fire from Republicans and conservative outside groups over a report it published that puts the price tag of immigration reform at $ 6.3 trillion .
The conservative think tank is considering hiring a high-profile public relations firm to help deal with the fallout of the report that was supposed to be their big play in the immigration debate , according to two sources familiar with Heritage .
Story Continued Below
The group has also come under scrutiny after it was reported that one of the authors of the report asserted previously that white Americans have higher IQs than immigrants .
Michael Gonzalez , vice president of communications for the think tank , declined to comment on whether the think tank is weighing the move , but he said it has not hired any outside firms .
The rollout was supposed to be a coming out party of sorts for Jim DeMint , who took the helm of the organization last month , after giving up his Senate seat to take the job . While DeMint was expected to give the group a higher profile , the backlash and controversy are not the kind of attention the group was hoping to garner .
( PHOTOS : Jim DeMint 's career )
If Heritage does hire an outside consulting firm , it would be a significant move . The think tank usually relies on its own internal communications team .
Since the rollout Monday , Gonzalez has published two blog posts on the think tank 's site responding to criticism .
The fact that outside help is under consideration suggests that the group , which has publicly rejected criticisms of the report and one of its coauthors , is seriously concerned about potential damage to its reputation .
( Also on POLITICO : Heritage hits Rubio on immigration )
One Republican operative who works on immigration reform said that hiring a crisis communications firm could help stop the bleeding with donors or other supporters . Heritage 's efforts to get traction for its immigration report could be hampered , the operative said , if it gets lumped in with groups like FAIR , NumbersUSA or CIS , which are considered pure opposition to the immigration reform effort .
Heritage has stood by its findings that an immigration overhaul would cost $ 6.3 trillion despite many conservative groups and lawmakers , including Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) , calling the findings inaccurate .
The group has also been fending off attacks over one of the report 's coauthors , Jason Richwine . As part of his Harvard dissertation , Richwine , who is now a senior policy analyst at the think tank , argued that there was a long-standing difference between the IQ of white Americans and immigrants .
( Also on POLITICO : Rubio vs. DeMint on immigration )
He also wrote that IQs of immigrant groups should be considered when making decisions about who should be allowed permanent status in the U.S .
The Washington Post first published Richwine 's dissertation summary .
Heritage 's Gonzalez wrote in a blog post that the Harvard paper does not represent Heritage 's position .
“ It 's findings do not reflect the positions of The Heritage Foundation or the conclusions of our study on the cost of amnesty to U.S. taxpayers , as race and ethnicity are not part of Heritage immigration policy recommendations , ” Gonzalez wrote , adding that Richwine provided quantitative support to the lead author Robert Rector .
PHOENIX — A priest was shot and killed and another was injured at a Roman Catholic church in downtown Phoenix , setting off an intense search for suspects and clues .
The surviving priest called 911 to report a burglary at the Mother of Mercy Mission near the state Capitol around 9:30 p.m. Wednesday and administered last rites to the wounded clergyman while waiting for police to arrive . The Rev . Kenneth Walker died at the hospital , and the Rev . Joseph Terra , 56 , is hospitalized in critical condition with unspecified injuries .
Police have no suspects at this point . They are searching the neighborhood , interviewing the injured priest and examining physical evidence from the scene . Investigators said they are unsure how many attackers were involved and if robbery was the motive .
Police Chief Daniel Garcia called it a “ tragic and appalling criminal violation . ”
As police investigated the crime scene at the church , about a dozen parishioners gathered across the street , kneeling on the sidewalk and saying the Lord 's Prayer in response to the loss of their beloved clergyman . A bouquet of flowers and a photograph of the dead priest lay on the sidewalk .
Parishioner Diane Harmon sobbed as she spoke of Walker and Terra and the “ senseless acts of cruelty ” that were carried out .
“ They will be truly missed in this parish . Very peaceful people , very peaceful men , loving , kind and charitable , ” Harmon said .
“ They are truly concerned about the sanctity of souls , and saving souls , ” she added . “ It 's hard to imagine , but that 's unfortunately the society we 're living in , a godless society . It 's lawless . ”
Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton said the city was shocked and saddened as police pleaded for the public 's help in identifying the suspects .
“ The tragedy that occurred last night at the Mother of Mercy Mission church strikes at our core because every American should feel safe in a house of worship — and that basic value was violated last night in an unspeakable way , ” Stanton said .
Terra and Walker , 28 , served as pastor and assistant pastor , respectively , and they both lived in the church , which is located along a gritty stretch of downtown Phoenix . The Rev . Fred Adamson , vicar general of the Phoenix Archdiocese , said both men believed the church “ was a safe place to live . ”
“ Father Terra is a pretty strong man . He 's not afraid of anybody , ” Adamson said .
They both belonged to the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter , and one of its hallmarks is leading Mass in Latin for worshippers .
Police found an abandoned car they were seeking in connection with the attack about four blocks from the church , Sgt . Steve Martos said .
Rorate Caeli , an online blog widely read in Vatican circles , said Walker was born in upstate New York near Poughkeepsie . He was the middle child among a family of 11 children . He was ordained in May 2012 .
It began with a slight on Louisville City from a team so far below us on the table that we had to remind ourselves that they had n't somehow parachuted down into the PDL .
During a Q & A on the St Louligan podcast , GM Jerry Alumbaugh took a swipe at City for providing a poor after-game dinner . Fair play to City- they owned up to a delivery screw-up on the first game of the inaugural season , but it set off the tit-for-tat that would blossom into # PizzaGate .
Taking the high road , we set up an initial GoFundMe to provide some food for the tailgate in Saint Louis , but then the Louligans threw down the gauntlet : what if instead we set up a fundraiser for a Food Bank partner in Louisville and Saint Louis , and see which fanbase could dig deeper to help feed those in need ?
100 % of the proceeds of this fundraiser will be donated to Dare to Care Food Bank , and it runs until our last game of the season , 19 September .
Thank you all for showing what a great community we have around our beloved Louisville City !
Help spread the word ! Share Tweet 352 total shares
Is The GOP Ready For The Tea Party ?
Some Republicans in Congress are worried they wo n't be able to control the future Congressmen and Senators that the Tea Party might be sending to Washington .
Doug Mataconis · · 33 comments
With the prospect of many new faces joining the Republican cacuses in the House and Senate in January , some are beginning to wonder how well the establishment will get along with the Young Turks :
Republican lawmakers see plenty of good in the tea party , but they also see reasons to worry . The movement , which has ignited passion among conservative voters and pushed big government to the forefront of the 2010 election debate , has also stirred quite a bit of controversy . Voters who do n't want to privatize Social Security or withdraw from the United Nations could begin to see the tea party and the Republican Party as one and the same . [ Rand ] Paul , the GOP Senate nominee in Kentucky , floated the idea of forming an official caucus for tea-party-minded senators in an interview in the National Review as one way he would shake up Washington . Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R-Minn. ) , one of the movement 's favorite incumbents , filed paperwork on Thursday to register a similar group in the House “ to promote Americans ' call for fiscal responsibility , adherence to the Constitution , and limited government. ” In six states — Kentucky , Nevada , Florida , Utah , Colorado and Minnesota — tea-party-backed Republican Senate candidates have won nomination or are favored in upcoming primaries . They are attracting outsize attention not only from Democrats and the media , but from conservative leaders such as former Alaska governor Sarah Palin and Fox News host Glenn Beck . ( … ) Yet some Republicans worry that tea-party candidates are settling too comfortably into their roles as unruly insurgents and could prove hard to manage if they get elected . Paul , who beat GOP establishment favorite Trey Grayson in Kentucky 's primary , told the National Review that he would seek to join forces with GOP Sens . Jim DeMint ( S.C. ) and Tom Coburn ( Okla. ) , “ who are unafraid to stand up ” and who have blocked numerous bills advanced by both parties deemed by the pair as expanding government . “ If we get another loud voice in there , like Mike Lee from Utah or Sharron Angle from Nevada , there will be a new nucleus ” to advocate causes such as term limits , a balanced-budget amendment and “ having bills point to where they are enumerated in the Constitution , ” Paul said in the interview . Former Senate majority leader Trent Lott ( R-Miss . ) , now a D.C. lobbyist , warned that a robust bloc of rabble-rousers spells further Senate dysfunction . “ We do n't need a lot of Jim DeMint disciples , ” Lott said in an interview . “ As soon as they get here , we need to co-opt them. ” But Lott said he 's not expecting a tea-party sweep . “ I still have faith in the visceral judgment of the American people , ” he said . Sen. Robert F. Bennett ( R-Utah ) , who failed to survive his party 's nominating process after running afoul of local tea-party activists , told a local Associated Press reporter last week that the GOP had jeopardized its chance to win Senate seats in Republican-leaning states such as Nevada and Kentucky and potentially in Colorado , where tea-party favorite Ken Buck has surged ahead of Lt. Gov . Jane Norton in their primary battle . Bennett warned that such candidates are stealing attention from top GOP recruits such as Mike Castle in Delaware and John Hoeven in North Dakota , both of whom are favored to win seats held by Democrats . Nor are they helping the Republican Party to resolve its deeper identity problems , he said . “ That 's my concern , that at the moment there is not a cohesive Republican strategy of this is what we 're going to do , ” Bennett told the AP . “ And certainly among the tea-party types there 's clearly no strategy of this is what we 're going to do . ”
So the concern is really two-fold . First , that voters will come to associate the Tea Party movement , and some of it 's more controversial views , with the GOP as a whole . Second , that “ Tea Party ” candidates like Rand Paul , Mike Lee , and Sharron Angle will be “ difficult to manage ” should they win their elections .
As to the first concern , that 's a matter of closing the barn door after the cows have already escaped . For better or worse , the Tea Party is the GOP and the GOP is the Tea Party . There may have been a time when the Tea Party movement was non-partisan , but that pretty much ended after groups like Dick Armey 's FreedomWorks and Newt Gingrich got involved . Now , with Sarah Palin quite openly pushing for the movement to reject anything other than Bushian nation-building as a foreign policy , it 's quite clear that while the Tea Party may be a grassroots organization is a distinctly Republican grassroots organization . There 's nothing wrong with that , but it is time to give up on the illusion that the GOP and the Tea Parties are somehow distinct .
As to the second concern , the impact of the “ Tea Party ” Congressmen and Senators on their respective institutions depends largely on how many of them there are . On the Senate side , it would seem that they 're unlikely to amount to much more than a strong obstructionist bloc within the GOP , which will likely still be the minority party in the Upper House . In the House , it depends on how large any Republican majority turns out to be ( if there is one ) . If the GOP only holds the House by a handful of votes , then the ability of a “ Tea Party ” Caucus to influence the agenda is going to be hampered by both their relative lack of seniority , and the leaderships need to court Democratic votes on many pieces of legislation .
So , will the Tea Party change Congress ? As we 've seen recently , change in that institution is very hard to bring it about . Will it change the GOP ? I would say it already has , the only question is whether that will be for better or worse .
Protesters react after US President Donald Trump last summer tweeted that transgender troops would not be allowed in the military ( AFP Photo/Jewel SAMAD )
Washington ( AFP ) - President Donald Trump 's administration has asked a federal court to block the Pentagon from starting the hiring of transgender recruits next year .
The filing by the Justice Department late on Wednesday is the latest in a series of legal measures that have unfolded since Trump sent out three tweets in July saying that transgender troops could not serve `` in any capacity '' in the military .
Those tweets , later followed by a formal White House memorandum , set off a roar of protest -- with several service members and rights groups quick to sue .
Two federal courts have since temporarily blocked Trump 's ban , and the Pentagon was due to start accepting transgender recruits on January 1 .
The government 's filing calls for a partial delay , specifically that the Pentagon does not accept transgender recruits from that date .
`` Defendants request that the court stay the portion of its preliminary injunction requiring defendants to begin accessing transgender individuals into the military on January 1 , 2018 , '' pending an appeal decision , court documents state .
The Pentagon declined to comment on the litigation .
Under a new policy announced last year by the Obama administration , the Pentagon was originally supposed to start accepting transgender recruits on July 1 , 2017 .
However , that was delayed for six months by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis pending further review of the matter .
`` Compelling the military to implement a new accessions policy while it is simultaneously completing a comprehensive study of military service by transgender individuals ... would waste significant military resources and sow unnecessary confusion , '' the government argued in its filing .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
When my period hits , I usually snag the cheapest disposable product in the feminine hygiene aisle of my nearest Walgreen 's . But then I read on the Sierra Club 's website that the tampons and pads in my bathroom cabinet are not only clogging up US waterways and landfills , but they may also contain materials that could harm my body .
Slate ‘ s Green Lantern investigated the environmental impact of period supplies and found out that of the 62,415 pounds of total trash one US woman throws out doing her menstrual years , “ pads , plugs , and applicators ” only account for about 250 to 300 pounds of the garbage . Still , the individual plastic packaging on my pads is n't exactly helping to decrease my personal landfill load . The same goes for the 16,800 tampons I 'm expected to use in my lifetime , though the non-applicator kind are marginally less wasteful : Slate ‘ s Nina Shen Rastogi points out that applicator-free tampon maker o.b . estimates that its design creates 58 percent less waste than its applicator-included counterparts .
Plastic applicators present some health concerns , too . Back in 2007 , MoJo 's Elizabeth Gettelman wrote that “ Animal studies have linked phthalates [ used in PVC plastics of which some applicators are made ] to the same genital abnormalities that are now among the most common birth defects in American baby boys. ” There 's no current evidence that applicators will cause these exact same maladies . But the long-term effects of periodically placing plastic near my nether-regions have yet to be investigated , which is a little worrisome .
Then there 's the tampon or pad itself , which , in the US is usually made of non-organic cotton , rayon , or a combination of these materials , along with synthetic fibers like viscose rayon that are added in to increase absorbency . But the non-organic cotton in pads and tampons have soaked up at least some of the more than 55 million pounds of pesticides ( PDF ) sprayed on cotton fields in the US each year that occasionally make it into our surface water . Diuron , one of the herbicides used on cotton , has even been pegged as a “ likely ” human carcinogen by the EPA ( PDF ) and it 's also linked to birth defects . Then there 's the bleaching processes that gives pads and tampons their ivory white appearance . Most manufacturers bleach rayon by using the disinfectant chlorine dioxide in a process that produces trace amounts of a toxin called dioxin , which is known to cause reproductive and developmental impairment at certain levels , though the FDA says that dioxins in contemporary tampons exists at extremely low levels that are hardly detectable . Chlorine-free tampons and pads , however , are out there , made by companies like Seventh Generation , Natracare , and Maxim .
My mom turned me off of tampons in my younger years with stories of women getting toxic-shock syndrome ( TSS ) from them in the '80s . In 1980 , RelyPR a high absorbency tampon made of polyester foam and cellulose gum caused rashes , vomitting , and high fevers in 812 women . The number of reported TSS cases since then has decreased significantly , according to the FDA . But almost half of all occurrences are still associated with the materials used in hyperabsorbent tampons and from not changing a tampon often enough . As a result , the FDA requires that high absorbency and TSS warning labels appear on all tampons . The synthetic fibers in most designs , however , still increase the chance of toxins forming and leading to toxic shock sydrome .
In the face of all these environmental and health risks from sanitary products , chlorine-free , organic cotton tampons and pads are looking a lot more appealing to me . And I 've even found them online for my favorite price : pretty cheap . Maybe one day , I 'll even go the way of the DivaCup—or the reusable pad .
Four new Android apps are now available on the Chrome Web Store for use with Chromebooks and other Chrome devices .
As with other Android apps ported over so far , the latest selection wo n't win any points in the brand recognition stakes but should go some way to rounding out the platforms educational allure .
4 New Android Apps for Chrome
The four new apps added to the Chrome Web Store brings the total number of Android Apps for Chromebooks to a healthy 29 ( it would be 30 , but Yo ! was removed from the selection shortly after being added ) .
The new apps in question are :
MathFriendzy — educational game
— educational game Baby Block — educational game
— educational game Flashcards — study aid
— study aid Photo Editor — …I 'll let you guess
You can , as always , check out our ‘ Android Apps for Chrome ‘ tag to read about other Android apps released so far .
Baby Blocks
I do n't know how many under 4s read this site , much less use Chromebooks , but the few who do should be pleased to see this colourful Android game shore up on the shelves of the Chrome Web Store .
Baby Blocks is an educational learning app designed for small children that looks like a regular wooden puzzle shape game but with a richer variety of sound effects and puzzles .
Baby Blocks ( Android App ) on Chrome Web Store
Flashcards
Describing itself as an ‘ easy to use ' study aid , Flashcards lets you download packs of flashcards on hundreds of topics , from mathematics to languages to geography , as well as the option to create and design your own .
The app features some interesting extras , including the ability yo keep track of progress for each deck and each card specifically , allowing users to identify weaknesses and improve their skills more finesse .
Flashcards also features a matching game , the option to ‘ join classes ' and learn with others and a built-in ‘ text to speech ' mode .
Flashcards ( Android App ) on Chrome Web Store
Math Friendzy
The web store listing for Math Frenzy bills it as “ the most revolutionary math educational program designed to help students excel in math [ s ] . ” It combines “ patent pending features ” with the “ fun , excitement and social networking components of popular video games ” to create something that should , by hyperbole alone , make for an interesting play .
Does it live up to such hype ? As someone allergic to mathematics of any kind I 'll defer opinion to you . Give the Chrome port of this game a whirl and let us know what you make of it !
Math Friendzy ( Android App ) on Chrome Web Store
Photo Editor
The Chrome Web Store is awash with native and increasingly powerful photo editors like Pixlr Touch Up and Polarr . Adding to their ranks is the perfunctorily named Photo Editor , an Android app with a large feature set .
As apps Photo Editor is not the most intuitive to use at first , with options , effects and toggles all hiding behind buttons . A few minutes of poking around should be enough to get you orientated with its general layout .
There are options for adjusting colour , adding effects ( including blur and sharpen ) , cropping , rotating and adding a frame around an image .
Curve editors allow those with a bit more knowledge to really take control of how colors appear in a photo , while a well-stocked drawing mode allows for adding text , lines , shapes and other on-image edits .
For more casual needs Photo Editor can do a few things missing in the stock Chrome OS editing app , including adjusting perspective , correcting backlight issues , and exporting images to a number of different image formats .
Photo Editor ( Android App ) on Chrome Web Store
The Royal Schiphol Group has announced that all of its business units are set to run on sustainable power from the beginning of 2018 .
From 2020 , all of the power will come from new Dutch wind farms run by energy company Eneco . While the new wind farms are built , the power will come from other sustainable sources in the Netherlands .
The clean energy will supply Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , Rotterdam The Hague Airport , Eindhoven Airport and Lelystad Airport and amount to 220 gigawatt hours annually for the next 15 years . According to the business , 70 million passengers passed through its Dutch airports in 2016 , an increase of 8.9 percent .
`` For our new energy contract , we wanted nothing but sustainable power generated in the Netherlands , '' Jos Nijhuis , president and CEO of the Royal Schiphol Group , said in a statement on Tuesday . Nijhuis went on to state that aviation `` can and must be made more sustainable . ''
Dutch authorities have ambitious plans when it comes to the environment and renewable energy . Central government wants to slash greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2050 and , in the shorter term , wants to switch to 16 percent sustainable energy by 2023 .
`` For the energy transition , it is crucial for the business sector – which is by far the largest energy consumer – to embrace sustainability , '' Jeroen de Haas , the Eneco Group 's CEO , said .
`` Pioneers such as Royal Schiphol Group are consciously choosing new , sustainable forms of production and are therefore setting the tone for others , '' de Haas added .
The following is excerpted from Clive Thompson 's book Smarter Than You Think : How Technology Is Changing Our Minds for the Better , out now from the Penguin Press .
Is the Internet ruining our ability to remember facts ? If you 've ever lunged for your smartphone during a bar argument ( “ one-hit father of twerking pop star ” —Billy Ray Cyrus ! ) , then you 've no doubt felt the nagging fear that your in-brain memory is slowly draining away . As even more fiendishly powerful search tools emerge—from IBM 's Jeopardy ! -playing Watson to the “ predictive search ” of Google Now—these worries are , let 's face it , only going to grow .
So what 's going on ? Each time we reach for the mouse pad when we space out on the ingredients for a Tom Collins or the capital of Arkansas , are we losing the power to retain knowledge ?
The short answer is : No . Machines are n't ruining our memory .
The longer answer : It 's much , much weirder than that !
* * *
What 's really happening is that we 've begun to fit the machines into an age-old technique we evolved thousands of years ago— “ transactive memory. ” That 's the art of storing information in the people around us . We have begun to treat search engines , Evernote , and smartphones the way we 've long treated our spouses , friends , and workmates . They 're the handy devices we use to compensate for our crappy ability to remember details .
And frankly , our brains have always been terrible at remembering details . We 're good at retaining the gist of the information we encounter . But the niggly , specific facts ? Not so much . In a 1990 study , long before the Interwebs supposedly corroded our minds , the psychologist Walter Kintsch ran an experiment in which subjects read several sentences . When he tested them 40 minutes later , they could generally remember the sentences word for word . Four days later , though , they were useless at recalling the specific phrasing of the sentences—but still very good at describing the meaning of them .
The exception is when you 're obsessed with a subject . If you 're deeply into something—football , the Civil War , Pokémon—then you 're usually great at hoovering up and retaining details . When you 're an expert in a subject , you can retain new factoids on your favorite topic easily . This only works for the subjects you 're truly passionate about , though . Baseball fans can reel off stats for their favorite players , then space out on their own birthday .
So humanity has always relied on coping devices to handle the details for us . We 've long stored knowledge in books , paper , Post-it notes .
But when it comes to quickly retrieving information on the fly , all day long , quickly ? We do n't rely on documents for the details as much as you 'd think . No , we rely on something much more immediate : other people .
Harvard psychologist Daniel Wegner—and his colleagues Ralph Erber and Paula Raymond—first began to systematically explore “ transactive memory ” back in the '80s . Wegner noticed that spouses often divide up memory tasks . The husband knows the in-laws ' birthdays and where the spare light bulbs are kept ; the wife knows the bank account numbers and how to program the TiVo . If you ask the husband for his bank account number , he 'll shrug . If you ask the wife for her sister-in-law 's birthday , she can never remember it . Together , they know a lot . Separately , less so .
Wegner suspected this division of labor takes place because we have pretty good “ metamemory. ” We 're aware of our mental strengths and limits , and we 're good at intuiting the memory abilities of others . Hang around a workmate or a romantic partner long enough and you discover that while you 're terrible at remembering your corporate meeting schedule , or current affairs in Europe , or how big a kilometer is relative to a mile , they 're great at it . They 're passionate about subject X ; you 're passionate about subject Y . So you each begin to subconsciously delegate the task of remembering that stuff to the other , treating one 's partners like a notepad or encyclopedia , and they do the reverse . In many respects , Wegner noted , people are superior to notepads and encyclopedias , because we 're much quicker to query : Just yell a fuzzily phrased question across to the next cubicle ( where do we keep the thing that we use for that thing ? ) and you 'll get an answer in seconds . We share the work of remembering , Wegner argued , because it makes us collectively smarter .
Experiments have borne out Wegner 's theory . One group of researchers studied older couples who 'd been together for decades . When separated and questioned individually about the events of years ago , they 'd sometimes stumble on details . But questioned together , they could retrieve them . How ? They 'd engage in “ cross-cuing , ” tossing clues back and forth until they triggered each other . This is how a couple remembered a show they saw on their honeymoon 40 years previously :
F : And we went to two shows , can you remember what they were called ?
M : We did . One was a musical , or were they both ? I do n't … no … one …
F : John Hanson was in it .
M : Desert Song .
F : Desert Song , that 's it , I could n't remember what it was called , but yes , I knew John Hanson was in it .
M : Yes .
They were , in a sense , Googling each other . Other experiments have produced similar findings . In one , people were trained in a complex task—assembling an AM/FM radio—and tested a week later . Those who 'd been trained in a group and tested with that same group performed far better than individuals who worked alone ; together , they recalled more steps and made fewer mistakes . In 2009 researchers followed 209 undergraduates in a business course as they assembled into small groups to work on a semester-long project . The groups that scored the highest on a test of their transactive memory—in other words , the groups where members most relied on each other to recall information—performed better than those who did n't use transactive memory . Transactive groups do n't just remember better : They also analyze problems more deeply , too , developing a better grasp of underlying principles .
We do n't remember in isolation—and that 's a good thing . “ Quite simply , we seem to record as much outside our minds as within them , ” as Wegner has written . “ Couples who are able to remember things transactively offer their constituent individuals storage for and access to a far wider array of information than they would otherwise command. ” These are , as Wegner describes it in a lovely phrase , “ the thinking processes of the intimate dyad . ”
* * *
And as it turns out , this is what we 're doing with Google and Evernote and our other digital tools . We 're treating them like crazily memorious friends who are usually ready at hand . Our “ intimate dyad ” now includes a silicon brain .
Recently , a student of Wegner's—the Columbia University scientist Betsy Sparrow—ran some of the first experiments that document this trend . She gave subjects sentences of random trivia ( like “ An ostrich 's eye is bigger than its brain ” and “ The space shuttle Columbia disintegrated during reentry over Texas in Feb. 2003. ” ) and had them type the sentences into a computer . With some facts , the students were explicitly told the information would n't be saved . With others , the screen would tell them that the fact had been saved , in one of five blandly named folders , such as FACTS , ITEMS , or POINTS . When Sparrow tested the students , the people who knew the computer had saved the information were less likely to personally recall the info than the ones who were told the trivia would n't be saved . In other words , if we know a digital tool is going to remember a fact , we 're slightly less likely to remember it ourselves .
We are , however , confident of where in the machine we can refind it . When Sparrow asked the students simply to recall whether a fact had been saved or erased , they were better at recalling the instances where a fact had been stored in a folder . As she wrote in a Science paper , “ believing that one wo n't have access to the information in the future enhances memory for the information itself , whereas believing the information was saved externally enhances memory for the fact that the information could be accessed. ” Each situation strengthens a different type of memory . Another experiment found that subjects were really good at remembering the specific folder names containing the right factoid , even though the folders had extremely unremarkable names .
“ Just as we learn through transactive memory who knows what in our families and offices , we are learning what the computer ‘ knows ' and when we should attend to where we have stored information in our computer-based memories , ” Sparrow wrote .
You could say this is precisely what we most fear : Our mental capacity is shrinking ! But as Sparrow pointed out to me when we spoke about her work , that panic is misplaced . We 've stored a huge chunk of what we “ know ” in people around us for eons . But we rarely recognize this because , well , we prefer our false self-image as isolated , Cartesian brains . Novelists in particular love to rhapsodize about the glory of the solitary mind ; this is natural , because their job requires them to sit in a room by themselves for years on end . But for most of the rest of us , we think and remember socially . We 're dumber and less cognitively nimble if we 're not around other people—and , now , other machines .
In fact , as transactive partners , machines have several advantages over humans . For example , if you ask them a question you can wind up getting way more than you 'd expected . If I 'm trying to recall which part of Pakistan has experienced tons of U.S. drone strikes and I ask a colleague who follows foreign affairs , he 'll tell me “ Waziristan. ” But when I queried this online , I got the Wikipedia page on “ Drone attacks in Pakistan. ” I wound up reading about the astonishing increase of drone attacks ( from one a year to 122 a year ) and some interesting reports about the surprisingly divided views of Waziristan residents . Obviously , I was procrastinating—I spent about 15 minutes idly poking around related Wikipedia articles—but I was also learning more , reinforcing my generalized , “ schematic ” understanding of Pakistan .
Now imagine if my colleague behaved like a search engine—if , upon being queried , he delivered a five-minute lecture on Waziristan . Odds are I 'd have brusquely cut him off . “ Dude . Seriously ! I have to get back to work. ” When humans spew information at us unbidden , it 's boorish . When machines do it , it 's enticing . And there are a lot of opportunities for these encounters . Though you might assume search engines are mostly used to answer questions , some research has found that up to 40 percent of all queries are acts of remembering . We 're trying to refresh the details of something we 've previously encountered .
If there 's a big danger in using machines for transactive memory , it 's not about making us stupider or less memorious . It 's in the inscrutability of their mechanics . Transactive memory works best when you have a sense of how your partners ' minds work—where they 're strong , where they 're weak , where their biases lie . I can judge that for people close to me . But it 's harder with digital tools , particularly search engines . They 're for-profit firms that guard their algorithms like crown jewels . And this makes them different from previous forms of transactive machine memory . A public library—or your notebook or sheaf of papers—keeps no intentional secrets about its mechanisms . A search engine keeps many . We need to develop literacy in these tools the way we teach kids how to spell and write ; we need to be skeptical about search firms ' claims of being “ impartial ” referees of information .
What 's more , transactive memory is n't some sort of cognitive Get Out of Jail Free card . High school students , I 'm sorry to tell you : You still need to memorize tons of knowledge . That 's for reasons that are civic and cultural and practical ; a society requires shared bodies of knowledge . And on an individual level , it 's still important to slowly study and deeply retain things , not least because creative thought—those breakthrough ahas—come from deep and often unconscious rumination , your brain mulling over the stuff it has onboard .
But you can stop worrying about your iPhone moving your memory outside your head . It moved out a long time ago—yet it 's still all around you .
This item and its headline have been corrected .
The Washington Post published a map Thursday of the top foreign export markets for every US state . For most states , 35 in all , the top export market is Canada . For six states , it 's China . And for five states , all in the country 's southwest , it 's Mexico . But one state stands out on the map .
The top foreign export partner for Nevada , known to the world for Las Vegas , is Switzerland . Nevada exports $ 2.7 billion worth of goods , or 31 % of the value of the state 's total exports abroad , to the wealthy , landlocked European nation , according to the US Census Bureau .
The major export : gold . Last year , Nevada exported $ 3.9 billion worth of gold in total . As seen in the chart below , if the state were a country , it would rank among the top 10 gold exporters globally . Switzerland , where the Swiss Franc is still backed by gold reserves , is the world 's gold hub , refining two-thirds of the world 's gold , by some estimates .
Correction ( Sept. 19 2014 , 10am EST ) : This item has been corrected to describe Switzerland as Nevada 's largest export market , not its largest trading partner .
Hurricane Matthew made its second landfall at Category 4 strength near the Eastern tip of Cuba Tuesday evening as residents along the east coast of the US brace for impact later in the week .
At least 11 deaths have been blamed on the powerful storm during its week-long march across the Caribbean . Forecasters said it could hit Florida toward the end of the week and push its way up the East Coast over the weekend .
The National Hurricane Center in Miami issued a hurricane watch for a 230-mile stretch from Deerfield Beach near Fort Lauderdale to the Daytona Beach area , meaning hurricane force winds of 74 mph or higher could occur within two days .
Only change to the watches/warnings at 5 pm was to include Broward County FL in the # Hurricane Watch https : //t.co/tW4KeGdBFb # Matthew pic.twitter.com/Wd9Eb0aR7O — NHC Atlantic Ops ( @ NHC_Atlantic ) October 4 , 2016
The Category 4 storm -- at one point the most powerful hurricane in the region in nearly a decade – brought 20-foot waves along the seafront promenade of Baracoa , Cuba as powerful winds tore ceramic tiles off the corners of some roofs .
Hurricane Matthew reached wind speeds of 145 mph Tuesday as it barreled through western Haiti where floodwaters and mud inundated small towns and villages .
Hours after Matthew made landfall on Haiti 's now-marooned southwestern peninsula , government leaders said they could n't fully gauge the impact .
`` What we know is that many , many houses have been damaged . Some lost rooftops and they 'll have to be replaced while others were totally destroyed , '' Interior Minister Francois Anick Joseph said .
At least five deaths were blamed on the storm in Haiti , including a 26-year-old man who drowned trying to rescue a child who fell into a rushing river , authorities said . The child was saved . The mayor in flooded Petit Goave reported two people died there , including a woman who was killed by a falling electrical pole .
Four deaths were recorded in the neighboring Dominican Republic and one each in Colombia and in St. Vincent and the Grenadines .
Mourad Wahba , U.N. secretary-general 's deputy special representative for Haiti , said at least 10,000 people were in shelters and hospitals were overflowing and running short of water . Wahba 's statement called the hurricane 's destruction the `` largest humanitarian event '' in Haiti since the devastating earthquake of January 2010 .
Meanwhile , in Florida a tropical storm watch was issued from the Seven Mile Bridge in the Keys to Deerfield .
South Carolina Gov . Nikki Haley said Tuesday she plans to issue an evacuation order Wednesday ahead of Hurricane Matthew so that 1 million people can safely and comfortably leave the coast .
Haley said at a news conference that she will finalize the order Wednesday morning , unless there is a major shift in the storm 's track . Haley says she expects the evacuation to begin at 3 p.m. EDT Wednesday .
State officials say lanes on major evacuation routes will be reversed . It would be the first major evacuation since Hurricane Floyd in 1999 , when the governor at the time did n't reverse the lanes and Interstate 26 became backed up for hours and traffic was at a standstill .
The White House said federal officials were deployed to state emergency operations centers in Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina , where a state of emergency was declared a day earlier .
In South Florida , lines at grocery stores were heavier than usual and some essentials were in short supply on Tuesday . Simone Corrado told the Associated Press when she tried to buy water at their Publix in Davie near Fort Lauderdale with her husband , they mostly found empty shelves . There were a few bottles of high-end water brands , but there was so much empty shelf space that Corrado lay down and fully stretched out on the bottom shelf .
`` I got scared because all that was left at Publix was just the pricey water , '' said Corrado , who lived through 1992 's catastrophic Hurricane Andrew , which practically leveled the nearby city of Homestead . `` They really put the fear into you here . On the television screen every few minutes is the 'beep , beep , beep ' storm alert . ''
Gov . Rick Scott , speaking in the Daytona area , warned residents they must be prepared to take a direct hit and evacuation orders could be issued as early as Tuesday . Scott said his biggest worry is that residents wo n't take seriously the threat from Matthew , especially since so many newer residents have never lived through a hurricane .
`` Do n't take a chance . Leave before it 's too late , '' he said . `` We have to be prepared to be hit by a catastrophic hurricane . ''
A U.S. official told Fox News on Tuesday that Haiti has requested assistance through the U.S. State Department .
The Navy is making preparations to get three Norfolk-based ships underway to help with Hurricane Matthew relief in the Caribbean , officials said .
The aircraft carrier USS George Washington , amphibious transport ship USS Mesa Verde and USNS Comfort , a hospital ship , are the three ships the Navy has told to be on standby in case the order is given to “ head south , ” one Navy official told Fox News . Roughly 2,000 Marines from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit at Camp Lejeune , NC have also been given warning orders and have been told to prepare to ship out .
At one point a Category 5 storm , Matthew was expected to make landfall in Cuba about 50 miles east of the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , where authorities flew out about 700 spouses and children of service members .
Fox News ' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
HMAS Adelaide escorts the former Japanese whaling vessel towards Hobart in December . Credit : LSIS Sarah Williams Ten men on board the boat when it was raided , nine Chinese and a Singaporean , have already been charged with attempting to import a commercial quantity of a border-controlled drug . The six Victorian men are expected to be charged with the same offence and face court later on Wednesday . The syndicate allegedly tried to use an increasingly common method for drug importation , known as the `` mothership '' method where a ship importing drugs from overseas loiters off the coast before being met by a smaller boat which brings the drugs to shore . But it is one of the first times this method has been attempted in Victoria , as the seas are considered more treacherous than in New South Wales , Queensland and Western Australia , where similar schemes have been detected .
Cocaine found aboard the Kaiyo Maru No.8 . The joint operation targeting the drug syndicate and the boat , codenamed Barada , has been heralded by law enforcement as an almost unparalleled effort of collaboration . It involved the Australian Federal Police and Victoria Police 's joint organised crime task force , Australian Border Force , Australian Defence Force , Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission and Tasmania Police . The former whaling boat , Kaiyo Maru No.8 , after docking in Hobart Sources said it was legally complex and quite uncommon for a boat to be raided despite never entering waters in Australia 's Exclusive Economic Zone .
But , after the boat was found to have started moving even further from Australia , authorities gained approval for the operation , based on strong evidence that a significant amount of drugs was aboard . Cocaine allegedly found on the Japanese whaling boat . The Navy 's amphibious assault ship HMAS Adelaide was then used to intercept the 50-metre vessel . It is suspected the crew had deliberately avoided entering Australian waters , knowing it made their interception less likely . Authorities are still investigating the exact weight , purity , and origin of the cocaine , but it is expected that at least 180 kilograms was onboard , and that it came from South America .
The drug had been wrapped in bricks weighing about one kilogram and packed into nine hessian sacks which were found in a small storage room on the boat . The origin of the Kaiyo Maru No.8 , which was last registered in Japan , is also being investigated . It remains unclear where the boat was launched from , although authorities believe that because of modifications to the vessel , including the installation of extra fuel tanks , it was possible it could have avoided docking for many months . It will be investigated if the vessel had been used to make other drug shipments , although it is unlikely the Melbourne syndicate had attempted any other large-scale importations . It is suspected the crew were sailing towards South America when they were intercepted .
AFP Acting Deputy Commissioner Neil Gaughan said the investigators that worked on the operation had put in `` long hours over the last few months to stop this group benefiting from the exploitation of Australians '' . `` Investigations into organised crime syndicates such as this are incredibly complex and require significant resources , patience and sophisticated police work to get successful results . '' Australian Border Force Commissioner Roman Quaedvlieg said there had been an increase in commercial vessels , including from China , being used for drug importation . `` This operation highlights the sophisticated and highly converged nature of transnational crime ; an ex-research vessel , crewed by nine Chinese nationals and one Singaporean national , and attempting to import cocaine produced in South America . '' The collaborative effort by law enforcement to reduce the harm caused by illegal drugs would continue , Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said .
The federal government 's top legal adviser has confirmed it may be impossible to resurrect the Howard government 's asylum seeker detention centres in Papua New Guinea and Nauru under current laws .
Stephen Gageler has given the government written advice confirming the High Court 's decision to scuttle the controversial Malaysian people swap deal last week has far-reaching implications for all offshore processing .
Mr Gageler and two other senior counsels , Stephen Lloyd and Geoffrey Kennett , say they `` do not have reasonable confidence '' that the government could legally send asylum seekers to Papua New Guinea and Nauru as a result of the judgment .
The lawyers say Nauru 's decision to ratify the UN Refugee Convention this year `` raises the possibility '' that a government could use its power to send asylum seekers to Nauru in the future but only if it could satisfy a court there were appropriate protections in place .
`` These are complex issues of fact and degree requiring detailed assessment and analysis , '' the advice reads .
Energized by their big victories in the midterm elections , Congressional Republican leaders wasted no time on Wednesday in putting President Obama and Democrats on notice : the days of single-party control are numbered and legislating in Washington is about to get a whole lot more complicated .
Oh , and by the way , lest anyone forget : Republicans still have major problems with the two major pieces of legislation that Democrats pushed through this year — the overhauls of health care and financial regulation — and they intend to do something about it as soon as they can .
In addition , the Republicans want to continue all of the Bush-era tax cuts — a step Mr. Obama opposes . Cutting government spending is high on the list , a goal the president shares , although Republican leaders have yet to offer specifics .
They also seemed likely to push forward with their own legislation , challenging Democrats to deal with the government-sponsored mortgage giants , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and pressing on various economic and trade issues .
Photo
At a news conference at the Capitol , the likely speaker , Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , and the Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , both said they wanted the health care law repealed and replaced .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I believe that the health care bill that was enacted by the current Congress will kill jobs in America , ruin the best health care system in the world and bankrupt our country , ” Mr. Boehner said . “ That means that we have to do everything we can to try to repeal this bill , and replace it with common-sense reforms that will bring down the cost of health insurance. ” Earlier in the day , Mr. Boehner called the health care law a “ monstrosity . ”
Namma Metro
If the volume remains constant over the coming weeks , this will be a considerable jump in traffic for Namma Metro .
As the doors slid open , the waiting crowd shuffled into packed coaches of Bengaluru 's Namma Metro on Monday , the first full day of commercial operations on the Green Line .
With the 42.3 km network of Phase 1 of the Namma Metro finally thrown open to the public after a decade long wait , several Bengalureans chose to skip the city 's infamous morning traffic by taking the Green or Purple line .
According to Bengaluru Metro Rail Corporation Limited ( BMRCL ) , Monday saw a surge in commuter traffic with over 3.13 lakh passengers taking a ride . While the Purple Line saw 1.92 lakh passengers , the newly opened Green Line had 1.20 lakh commuters .
This is a considerable jump in traffic for Namma Metro , which was seeing a daily ridership of 1.75 lakh just a few months ago .
The 24.22km Green Line connecting Nagasandra in the north and Yelachenahalli in the south , was inaugurated on Saturday , with President Pranab Mukherjee flagging off the first train .
With 24 stations including terminals , the entire journey on the Green Line can be covered in 45 minutes including stoppage . While the stretch between Sampige Road to Peenya was thrown open in March 2014 , the corridor between Peenya and Nagasendra became operational in May 2015 . The latest leg connects the remaining ten stations in the south until Yelachenahalli .
For the first time , commuters can also switch from the Green Line to the Purple line or the other way around at Majestic , Asia 's biggest underground metro station .
The Purple Line which connects Byappanahalli in the east and Mysore road in the west can be covered in 35 minutes including stoppage . The Purple Line has been fully functional since April 2016 .
With Phase 1 of Namma Metro now fully operational , BMRCL hopes to increase the footfall to 5 lakh in the coming months .
Twenty-somethings beware : your snoopy aunt who wanted to get you hitched to next-door-Bunty is now on Facebook , spying on your timeline . Just the Janam Patri wo n't do anymore . Prospective in-laws and grooms want to check out your Facebook profile to know the 'real you ' , notes Saritha Rai on India Ink .
Rai looks at the restraint shown by some of India 's young social networking generation on Facebook . There are only 'respectable ' photos ( just pictures with teddy bears , please no drinks ) , 'no dirty status updates ' ( WTF is totally unacceptable for future in-laws ) . Basically no evidence that will make traditional minded parents say hai hai .
All this matrimonial anxiety , Rai , implies , ought to come as a surprise .
`` You would expect Spoorthi Gadde , 25 , of Bangalore , who has a master 's degree from a top-notch engineering school , to be out and about on social networks — more so since she is single , tech-savvy and employed by a leading outsourcing company , '' she writes in the very opening line , setting up Gadde as the quintessential modern Indian woman : an engineer , well-educated , and working in a global firm . And yet Gadde worries about what future-in-laws will think of her Facebook profile .
“ On the Web , you do n't know who is watching , ” says the bespectacled , pleasant-mannered woman . `` When social networks intersect with India 's hoary arranged marriage system , what you get is a generation of jumpy social networkers , '' writes Rai .
It is perhaps easy to look at this cautious Facebook behaviour ( apparently even a status update about buying an expensive dress can be seen in a negative light ) as something that merely stems from Indian hypocrisy . Rai 's piece makes the Facebook behaviour of Gadde and others seem as something uniquely Indian , symbolic of India 's younger generation whose FB lives reflect an inner dichotomy ; modern versus the traditional , the party animal vs the gharelu bahu or ladla beta .
This may be so , but Rai also fails to acknowledge the larger context of how Facebook operates . Yes , FB is about sharing . But do n't forget , it 's also about approval .
Facebook is the big daddy of all approval-driven behaviour . Approval from our Facebook friends is the fundamental motivator of social media activity . We want all our ‘ friends ' to F-like when we post a comment or a photo .
This Facebook approval comes only if we can successfully maintain a certain image of ourselves online . The need to prune one 's Facebook profile does n't just end with marriage . Post marriage , the question becomes sasu-ma kya comment karengi ? I 've known friends to delete all 'bikini ' pictures from the honeymoon album just so that their in-laws ca n't see it .
At the other extreme are people who want to show how 'cool ' they are on Facebook . Some post party images every weekend , others flaunt their intellectual cred in their updates . The images they project onto their friends ' newsfeed may be different but they stem from the same desire . India 's hard-working techies might only post pictures of themselves on company visits , looking all prim and propah , but like America 's partying teens they want the same thing : approval .
As Jaron Lanier writes in his seminal work , You are not a Gadget , Facebook is about maintaining an image :
`` The most effective young Facebook users , however ... are the ones who create successful online fictions about themselves . They tend their doppelgangers fastidiously . ''
Indians who hope for an arranged marriage are just making sure that their Facebook profiles match the images they want the 'family elders ' to have of them .
I often wonder what kind of Facebook fiction I 'm creating . I do n't have party pictures . Most of my links are from work . By my friends ' standards , my Facebook universe is boring and not worth stalking .
Strange to think that this hum-drum timeline may appeal to prospective in-laws or bridegrooms . My real-life personality might not appeal to saasu-ma , but my FB profile might just make the match . Oh the irony .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
COUNCILLORS FOR THE city of Paris have voted in favour of constructing a gigantic triangle-shaped skyscraper in the city – the Tour Triangle .
It will be the first such building to be constructed in the French capital in over 40 years and will vie with the Eiffel Tower for dominance of the Parisian skyline .
The enormous triangle will stand 180 metres high and will be built at a cost of roughly €650 million .
The plan to construct the building ( which has been on the cards since at least 2008 ) was initially voted down by the council last November .
At the time Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo said she would launch a legal appeal against that vote after several councillors displayed their vote cards in what was supposed to be a secret ballot .
The official website for the tower suggests that the finished building will house a 120 room four-star hotel together with 70,000 square metres of office space .
The building will be designed by Swiss architecture firm Herzog & de Meuron who have been attached to the project since the beginning .
Their previous credits included the Bird 's Nest stadium built for 2008′s Beijing Olympics and the ‘ Jenga ' tower at Tribeca , New York .
New York 's 60-story `` Jenga Tower '' at 56 Leonard is a glass masterpiece with an Anish Kapoor sculpture at its base : http : //t.co/nGuTUPqiqI — Brent Watson ( @ gavinbwatson ) May 19 , 2015 Source : Brent Watson /Twitter
Not everyone in the capital is overjoyed at the prospect of the new skyscraper , as evidenced by the previous negative council vote .
Residents of the 15th arrondissement in the south-west of the city have complained about the building 's energy efficiency and its unsuitability for Paris ' housing requirements .
Source : TourTriangle.com
Source : TourTriangle.com
It is after all the first such building to be constructed in Paris since the Tour Montparnasse was built in 1973 .
Tour Montparnasse , the only other skyscraper in Paris Source : Shutterstock/S.Borisov
That particular building stands as the only such high-rise on Paris ' skyline , and has made it next to impossible for developers to gain planning approval for similar sized constructions given its common perception locally as something of an eyesore .
Source : TourTriangle.com
Source : TourTriangle.com
With AFP
About a year ago I started to discuss with GavleNet in Sweden about how they can best deploy native IPv6 for their fibre-to-the-home ( FTTH ) customers . GavleNet is a city network that operates in the municipalities of Gävle and Ockelbo . In this article , I discuss how we designed GavleNet 's FTTH IPv6 address space .
GavleNet ( AS16117 ) has served its enterprise customers with native IPv6 for almost ten years , and deployed IPv6 to all remaining customers with 6RD ( using DHCP option 212 ) for four years now .
One key difference between IPv6 and IPv4 is of course the vast amount of address space available . You do n't have to fight against address exhaustion ! Just take a little care on your address planning up-front . Here 's how we did it .
Planning GavleNet 's FTTH Address Space
GavleNet was allocated 2001 : b48 : :/29 by RIPE NCC way back in early 2003 . This allocation gives them up to 235 -- that 's over 34 billion -- /64 networks to assign . They divide their space as described in this table :
2001 : b48 : :/32 Enterprise with static addresses 2001 : b49 : :/32 DHCPv6 PD for FTTH 2001 : b4a : :/32 Free 2001 : b4b : :/32 Free 2001 : b4c : :/32 Part of 2001 : b4c : :/30 for 6RD 2001 : b4d : :/32 Part of 2001 : b4c : :/30 for 6RD 2001 : b4e : :/32 Part of 2001 : b4c : :/30 for 6RD 2001 : b4f : :/32 Part of 2001 : b4c : :/30 for 6RD
As you can see , we use the first /32 for enterprise customers with static configurations , and we use half of the space for 6RD customers . For FTTH customers , we decided to use 2001 : b49 : :/32 , the first available /32 in our space .
We subdivide this /32 first into /44s for use by each switch , subdivided into /48s for each VLAN , subdivided further into a /56 for each customer . Let 's talk more about these decisions .
/32
GavleNet has a shared VLAN per IPv4 subnet and we wanted to use the same VLAN for IPv6 . On the IPv4 side we have subnets sized from a /24 to a /27 . In IPv6 , we have enough space to be more consistent , and decided to allocate a /48 alongside each existing IPv4 subnet . Consistency like this is a huge win when it comes to managing , configuring , and debugging networks .
We did n't design this space to map between IPv4 and IPv6 -- there 's no subset of bits that let you determine one from the other -- because we decided we did n't need it .
/44s and /48s
2001 : b49 : :/32 provides 4,096 /44s in total . That 's a lot . GavleNet 's FTTH network is built almost exclusively with Cisco 4500 switches . We choose to assign a /44 to each Cisco 4500 as shown in this table :
The 1st Cisco 4500 2001 : b49:0010 : :/44 The 2nd Cisco 4500 2001 : b49:0020 : :/44 The 3rd Cisco 4500 2001 : b49:0030 : :/44 The 4th Cisco 4500 2001 : b49:0040 : :/44 etc .
We avoid using the zeroth address in a subnet , i.e . 2001 : b49:0000 : :/44 , because it can easily lead to misunderstandings : IPv6 text representations mean that the `` :0000 : '' hextet might be compacted to `` : : '' , which may be confusing to network operators . Removing this one subnet leaves us with 4,095 subnets ( 0010 through fff0 ) available to allocate to Cisco 4500 switches .
Having allocated a /44 to each switch , we are then free to subdivide those subnets into /48s to be assigned to each VLAN . Let 's take 2001 : b49:0010 : :/44 . In this case , we 're comfortable using the zeroth subnet , so each /44 provides 16 /48s that can be used by our Cisco 4500s : 2001 : b49:0010 : :/48 through 2001 : b49:001f : :/48 .
/56
We decided to provide each customer a `` static '' /56 , provisioned via DHCPv6-PD ( Prefix Delegation ) with option 37 ( relay agent remote ID ) . Using a subnet of this size aligns with the best current operational practice recently published by RIPE NCC . Using a /56 for each customer means we have space for 256 customers per VLAN .
With a /56 , each customer gets 256 /64 subnets , which is a big boost compared to one shared IPv4 address per customer . Note of course that a /64 is the standard subnet size IPv6 : it is mandatory for stateless address autoconfiguration to work , and is also expected by all common implementations of privacy addressing and stable privacy addressing .
The assignment of the /56 to the customer is made by the KEA DHCP server , managed by GavleNet 's provisioning system Netadmin and discussed in a follow-up article .
Discussion
Voila ! We have an addressing plan ! Assigned this way , we have :
A /29 , from which we use a /32 for FTTH
... from which we have up to 4,095 /44s to assign to switches
... from each /44 we have sixteen /48s to assign to VLANs
... from each /48 we have 256 /56s to assign to customers
... from each /56 , the customer has 256 networks to assign as they see fit !
There are many discussions on address planning for your organisation ; in fact , people have written whole books on the topic . This article describes how we did it , but it 's not the only way . As you can see , there 's a lot of space to play with !
In the next RIPE Labs article , I will explain how we implemented the `` static '' DHCPv6 prefix delegation per subscriber port .
Do the rich pay their fair share of taxes ? How about you ? Our handy tool will help you answer these questions .
The 2020 presidential race has begun , and it sure looks like tax inequality is going to be one of the big campaign issues
Some Democrats seeking the 2020 nomination and others on the left are already talking about taxing the rich more heavily . For instance , there 's Sen. Elizabeth Warren 's “ wealth tax ” , Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 's proposed 70 % top rate and Sen. Bernie Sanders ' bill to increase the estate tax . On the other side , President Trump will point to those parts of the 2017 tax reform that help many middle- and lower-income taxpayers , such as supersizing the standard deduction , doubling the child tax credit , and lower rates across the board . Before casting your ballot , you 'll have to decide for yourself if our tax system is “ fair ” and whether some groups should pay more ( or less ) in taxes .
Then there 's your own situation . No matter how “ rich ” or “ poor ” or “ middle class ” you are , are you bearing your “ fair share ” of the nation 's tax burden ? Do you have the faintest idea what portion you pay ... beyond a gnawing feeling that it 's too darn much ?
To help answer your questions about tax equality , we created a tool to show how the nation 's taxable income and the country 's federal income tax bill are distributed among its citizens . Our tool uses the latest IRS data to shine a bright light into what are too often murky shadows .
Advertisement
We 'll also show you how your own income stacks up against that of your fellow Americans .
Are you ready to see where you fit in ? With our simple calculator , enter a single number from your tax return , and you 'll instantly know the answer .
A look at the big picture
The latest numbers from the IRS—based on data from 2016 tax returns—show what it takes to be among the top 1 % of income earners : At least $ 480,804 of adjusted gross income . That 's $ 126 less than it took to buy into this rarified status a year earlier . The 1.4 million returns reporting this elite income status accounted for 19.7 % of the total adjusted gross income reported on 2016 returns .
That 's right . One percent of taxpayers reported one-fifth of all income . And that same tiny group kicked in almost 37 % of all the federal income taxes paid .
Advertisement
How much do you need to make to be in the top 50 % of earners ? Just $ 40,078 .
Fall below that level , and you are in the bottom half , along with about 70 million of your fellow taxpayers . All told , that group earned just 11.6 % of the AGI reported on 2016 federal returns . And they paid 3 % of all the income taxes paid .
Use our calculator to see if you 're in the top 1 % , 5 % , 10 % , 25 % or 50 % . . . or the bottom 50 % of income earners .
Our income and tax-burden breakdowns come from information reported on 2016 individual income tax returns . Income categories are based on adjusted gross income , which is basically income from taxable sources minus certain deductions—including deductible contributions to IRAs , alimony paid and student loan interest—but before subtracting the value of exemptions ( before the 2018 tax year ) and either the standard or itemized deduction .
Advertisement
Income Category 2016 AGI Percent of All Income Percent of Income Taxes Paid Top 1 % Over $ 480,804 19.7 % 37.2 % Top 5 % Over $ 197,651 35.2 % 58.2 % Top 10 % Over $ 139,713 46.6 % 69.5 % Top 25 % Over $ 80,921 68.4 % 86.0 % Top 50 % Over $ 40,078 88.4 % 97.0 % Bottom 50 % Below $ 40,078 11.6 % 3.0 %
Source : Internal Revenue Service data
( Note that these figures include only federal income taxes . According to Treasury Department estimates , most wage earners will pay more in payroll taxes—Social Security , Medicare and unemployment taxes—than they do in income taxes . )
SLIDE SHOW : 18 Red Flags for IRS Auditors
Colorado River flooding risk heading toward Bastrop Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Colorado River flooding risk prev next
BASTROP , Texas ( KXAN ) -- All the water from the Hill Country and the Austin area is now making its way southeast down the Colorado River . That means the next city expected to see the rising waters is Bastrop .
Bastrop Commons Park is located off of Water Street , which is parallel to the Colorado River . That 's where our KXAN News crew was early Tuesday morning as it hit the flood stage at 23 feet . As of 8 a.m. , the level sat at 24.77 feet . It rose from below 23 feet since the KXAN News crew got there early Tuesday morning . The Colorado River is moving at a steady rate , and it 's expected to reach 28 feet Tuesday .
If you live along the Colroado River , be mindful of the rising river . You may need to move to higher ground .
House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) said on Wednesday that it was `` obviously '' inappropriate for President Trump to ask for former FBI Director James Comey 's loyalty .
`` Obviously , I do n't think that it is , '' Ryan told MSNBC 's Greta Van Susteren , when asked whether he thought it was appropriate for a president to ask for an FBI director 's loyalty .
Ryan 's comments came hours after Comey 's opening statement for his Thursday testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee was made public . In the statement , Comey recounts a one-on-one dinner with Trump at the White House in January , in which the president told him , `` ' I need loyalty , I expect loyalty . ' ''
ADVERTISEMENT
According to his account , Comey explained why the FBI director should remain independent and not pledge his loyalty to the president , telling him that doing so could cause problems for the president down the line .
Ryan seemed to echo Comey 's calls for an independent FBI and Justice Department , saying it was `` very , very critical '' that the nation 's top cop remain unaffected by White House influence or loyalty pledges to the president .
Comey is set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday , marking his first such appearance since Trump abruptly fired him last month .
U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has introduced two pieces of legislation that could give an enormous boost to employee ownership in this country .
The first bill , the Worker Ownership , Readiness and Knowledge ( WORK ) Act , would promote employee ownership and employee participation in company decision-making . Specifically , this bill would authorize the Department of Labor to provide education and outreach , training , grants , and technical support for local and state programs dedicated to the promotion of employee ownership and participation . According to Sanders ' office , “ This legislation is modeled on the success of the Vermont Employee Ownership Center which has done an excellent job in educating workers , retiring business owners , and others about the benefits of worker ownership . ”
The second bill , the U.S . Employee Ownership Bank Act , would provide loans and loan guarantees to employees to purchase a business through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) or a worker-owned cooperative . It is intended to increase and retain jobs in the U.S. and strengthen the U.S. economy .
Both measures are cosponsored by Sens . Patrick Leahy ( D-Vt. ) , Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) , Richard Blumenthal ( D-Conn. ) and Daniel Akaka ( D-Hawaii . ) .
Sanders told a news conference at his office in Burlington on July 23 that “ I am very proud that Vermont is leading the way on expanding employee ownership in this country . Simply put , when employees have an ownership stake in their company , they will not ship their own jobs to China , they will be more productive , and they will earn a better living. ” Sanders was joined at the news conference by leaders of three Vermont employee-owned companies . Paul Millman , co-founder and CEO of Chroma Technology in Bellows Falls , Cindy Turcot , the Chief Operating Officer of Gardener 's Supply Company in Burlington and Deb Harris , a founding member of PT 360 in Williston .
Sanders cited studies showing that employee ownership increases employment , productivity , sales , and wages in the United States . “ When employees own their own companies , when they work for themselves , when they are involved in the decision-making that impacts their jobs , workers become more motivated , absenteeism goes down , worker productivity goes up , and people stay on the job for a longer period of time , ” Sanders said .
Californians are fleeing in droves to live in better-managed states , according to a conservative research group .
The long-running exodus from the cash-strapped Golden State is an old story , but a new study by The Manhattan Institute finds that the biggest beneficiaries of the population drain are Texas , Nevada , Arizona , Oregon , Washington , Colorado , Idaho , Utah , Georgia and South Carolina . Lower cost of living , less government debt and a more business-friendly culture are the main drivers , according to the study .
`` States that have gained the most at California 's expense are rated as having better business climates , '' the study concluded . `` The data suggest that many cost drivers —taxes , regulations , the high price of housing and commercial real estate , costly electricity , union power , and high labor costs — are prompting businesses to locate outside California , thus helping to drive the exodus . ''
Census data shows that more Americans have left California since 2005 than have come to live in it . The finding is a sharp contrast to earlier decades -- 4.2 million Americans moved to California from other states between 1960 and 1990 .
The report found that since 1990 , the state has lost nearly 3.4 million residents through migration to other states , like Texas , Nevada , Arizona , Oregon , Washington , Colorado , Idaho , Utah , Georgia and South Carolina . The average number of residents leaving the state each year over the last decade is 225,000 , the report found .
[ pullquote ]
There are many reasons for the exodus , including economic hardship and population density , according to the study , titled `` The Great California Exodus : A Closer Look . ''
Many people are driven out of the state in search of work in states with lower unemployment rates , like Texas . The data also found high housing prices and high business taxes in the state to be factors .
But Dowell Myers , a pubic policy professor at the University of Southern California , calls this `` a very confused report . '' He said the authors overlook the root of the 1980s boom in the defense industry buildup and how that factored into the decline in the 1990s .
`` They paint a negative picture of California growth , when all it has done is settle to the national average , '' Myers said . `` And they totally miss that California natives are less like to leave than almost any others . '' Most of the people leaving are people originally from somewhere else , he said .
The U.S. Census reported last year that residents of California are fleeing the state at a faster rate than people leaving any other state . The most common state-to-state move in 2010 was California to Texas , according to the Census .
A study earlier this year by the University of Southern California found that California 's population growth has slowed to about 1 percent annually , mainly due to fewer immigrants and an increasing number of Californians heading to other states .
Demographer Joel Kotkin told The Wall Street Journal that a major problem is that parts of the state are out of reach for the middle class .
`` Basically , if you do n't own a piece of Facebook or Google and you have n't robbed a bank and do n't have rich parents , then your chances of being able to buy a house or raise a family in the Bay Area or in most of coastal California is pretty weak , '' Kotkin told the paper , adding that in his estimation , the state is run for the benefit of the very rich , the very poor , and public employees .
The Manhattan Institute says it based its findings on recent data from the U.S. Census , the IRS , California 's Department of Finance , the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Federal Housing Finance Agency .
By John Stossel - November 18 , 2009
Bill O'Reilly is mad at me because I 'm not mad enough about taxes .
Last week on `` The O'Reilly Factor '' , we talked about California 's and New York 's enormous budget deficits and planned tax increases . Those states would have big surpluses had they just grown their governments in pace with inflation . But of course they did n't . Now the politicians act like their current deficits are something imposed on them by the recession .
But that 's nonsense . They created the problem with their reckless spending .
Let 's look at the particulars . Had the government of New York state grown at the rate of population and inflation over the past 10 years , it would have a $ 14 billion surplus today . Instead , spending grew at twice the rate of inflation . So New York has a $ 3 billion deficit .
To dent California 's deficit , bureaucrats will withhold an extra 10 percent from every taxpayer -- at least from those who do n't flee the state . New York planned to raise the price of new license plates , but then backed off . The visible tax was unpopular . But the hidden taxes grow .
Hidden taxes are more pernicious because they disguise what we pay for government . We blame merchants , not our legislators , for the high price of gasoline , liquor , cigarettes and phone calls , but the money goes to the political thieves .
New York imposes a gas tax of 61 cents a gallon -- almost a quarter of the cost of the gas . New York City taxes cigarettes at $ 4.25 a pack . Washington state collects $ 26 per gallon of hard liquor . Illinois politicians take a sneaky cut when you buy junk food : They add 6.25 percent to the cost of soda and candy .
My phone bill lists seven different taxes -- unintelligible stuff like a `` Public Safety Commission Surcharge '' and an `` MCTD tax . '' The payroll tax is one of the biggest hidden taxes . You assume that you know what you pay because it 's listed on your paycheck , but that 's actually only half of it . Employers must pay an equal amount -- money that otherwise would have been part your salary .
O'Reilly was most indignant about the visible taxes . `` You , Stossel , are going to be paying 45 percent of your money to the government ! '' he said . I replied that I already pay more than that , since I live in New York City .
But I apparently was not indignant enough , because later in his show he told comedian Dennis Miller , `` Stossel does n't get it . ''
O'Reilly is right about my not being furious . It 's not that taxes do n't anger me . They do . But I 'm more angry about the arrogance of the ruling class . It reminds me of Walter Williams ' riff : `` Politicians are worse than thieves . At least when thieves take your money , they do n't expect you to thank them for it . ''
Taxes , even counting hidden taxes , are not the real measure of what the thieves take . The true burden of government , the late Milton Friedman said , is the spending level . Taxation is just one way government gets money . The other ways -- borrowing and inflation -- are equally burdens on the people . ( State governments ca n't inflate , but they sure can borrow . )
O'Reilly told me that America is ready for a tax revolt . I hope he 's right . But I do n't think it will happen until more people see the ruling elite for what it is : a gang of arrogant bullies that has the audacity to believe that they know how to direct our lives better than we do .
That 's why , bad as the taxes are , I 'm more upset about ObamaCare , Medicare , the `` stimulus , '' the auto bailout , the bank bailouts , the Fannie/Freddie bailouts , the trillions in guarantees , and on and on .
The politicians ' spending schemes represent presumptuous interference in our lives . They are an assault on our autonomy .
By David Martinez / Boxing Historian
I have rated many fighters in many different divisions , eras , and ethnic groups . One of my first ranking features that I posted on this Web site ( see Archives / August 2007 or Rankings on menu to view ) was my view of the top ten heavyweights of all time ( i.e . ) “ Rating the Heavies ” , in which I have gotten some criticism for not including Mike Tyson in my elite group .
First let me say that it is always a pleasure to write what I have seen in my 48 years of following boxing as a sport I deeply love . I have seen every heavyweight champion fight , either by living during his era , by film or by speaking with individuals who actually saw these champions fight , even at the turn of the 20th century . I respect everyone 's opinions and , of course , have mine to tell after having studied this very subject , giving a great degree of research on my part .
As I get older , the majority of people who have disputed that Tyson could have beaten Ali or Holmes if they fought in their primes are mostly people whom , if I asked , “ Who was Cassius Clay ? ” , would not know the answer any more than they would know that George Reeves was the first Superman . This simply tells me that they never knew the fighter that beat a more feared man than Tyson ever was , that being Sonny Liston , and who also survived the biggest knock down in his career in the 1963 Henry Cooper fight , and all when he was Cassius Clay .
I list my top ten as ( in order ) Jack Johnson , Muhammad Ali , Joe Louis , Jack Dempsey , Rocky Marciano , Gene Tunney , James Corbett , Larry Holmes , Jim Jeffries , and Ezzard Charles . The first four , Johnson , Ali , Louis , and Dempsey I consider to be in a group of their own ( in the prime of their careers ) . They are simply on a different level than any heavyweight of the past or present .
My formula for rating the best heavyweights and my version of the top 10 “ pound for pound ” , goes back to February 8 , 1882 , when John L Sullivan knocked out Irish Paddy Ryan in nine rounds , and runs to our present day array of WBA , WBC , IBF , WBO champions .
In rating them , I took a lot of things into consideration . Comparing these fighters from different eras has to be a most difficult evaluation . Figuring out how the fighters of the past would do today is a logical basis to compare ; but I put that evaluation in reserve , and ask how the fighters of the present would have done in the past era , with all training factors and tangibles equal . When I rated them I took a strong look at what time in their respective careers they were at their peak and did n't put such a huge emphasis on who they fought , but more on what they accomplished in the ring .
In this article , I am adding something very unique . I have polled five top authorities in boxing , all whom are friends of mine , to get their opinions and asked them how Mike Tyson would have fared against Muhammad Ali and Larry Holmes , being that these three have been more visible to the average boxing fan of today than past fighters such as Marciano , Louis , Dempsey , Tunney , and Johnson . I also am including a Web site fan entry and a special feature from the late Eddie Futch . So in no particular order , here are their quoted opinions :
1 ) Harold Lederman ( HBO World Championship Boxing )
Muhammad Ali was a lot bigger ( than Tyson ) and very fast . Tremendous leg speed and movement , great jab , hard right hand . Good left hook , terrific skills . Even though Joe Frazier dropped him in the first fight , and I believe Tyson hit as hard as Frazier , I do n't think Tyson could have beaten Ali . Muhammad would have worked that left jab to death against Tyson and stopped him in about seven rounds . Mike would have been able to get to Ali 's body in spurts , but Muhammad 's defense and quick hands would have been the difference . No question Ali wins by KO .
As for Holmes , there again , he was a lot bigger ( than Tyson ) , and with his educated left jab and straight right hand , I think Holmes in his prime knocks out Tyson in ten rounds . Remember , Holmes beat Shavers and Cooney , who both were enormous punchers . Larry throws three left jabs and then flattens Mike with a devastating sharp straight right hand to the jaw . I do n't think Tyson ever had the ring smarts needed to beat Holmes in Larry 's hey day . Holmes proved that he could get hit and still come back like when he fought Snipes , Weaver , Shavers and Cooney .
2 ) Kerry Daigle ( boxing writer and proprietor of www.keeppunching.com )
Tyson vs. Holmes : Holmes the more gifted athlete , not the best at holding on , however , more skills than a Smith , Tillis , etc who went the distance – good fight that could go either way .
Tyson vs. Ali : almost a Frazier vs. Ali scenario , if they fought 5 times Ali would probably win 3 but Tyson could win 2 . Remember we are speaking of each fighter in their prime .
3 ) Rusty Rubin ( editor Ring Sports magazine and proprietor of www.ringsports.com )
Mike Tyson squandered his talent due to drugs and jail time . Ali spent the best years of his career in jail ( Vietnam ) and would have run rings against Tyson in their hey days . As for Holmes , Tyson was small but powerful heavyweight , Holmes had the best jab around , so how would Tyson catch him ? Maybe if Mike had trained harder and stayed away from temptation he would have rated higher .
4 ) Jim Carlin ( boxing expert and publicist for former WBA heavyweight champion Ernie Terrell )
If they fought each other ten times
Ali over Tyson 8 of 10
Holmes over Tyson 7 of 10
5 ) Jim Amato ( boxing writer/proprietor of www.amatoboxingsite.multiply.com )
I believe that Ali would be able to handle the best Tyson . Ali would control the fight on the outside . On the inside Ali was deceptively strong . He was able to control powerful guys like Liston , Foreman and Norton . He would also be able to control Tyson . Yes , Mike would have his moments but he would eventually become frustrated . Ali by late round stoppage , If they fought ten times , Ali ten out of ten .
Tyson would have a bit more success against Holmes . Still I see a prime Holmes being able to discourage Mike with that great jab of his . Larry would just box and move . Tyson would eventually lose confidence and Holmes would pick him apart . I could see an occasion though where Mike might catch Larry very early in the fight and drop him . I see Larry winning eight out of ten bouts by decision . If Tyson won a couple it would be by an early KO .
* * *
A Web site fan ( David Schaeffer ) wrote in and here 's his opinion : In their prime , Ali would have beat Tyson . I think people look at Ali in the later years 75'-81 ' , when they compare . You have to go to when he beat Sonny Liston , before the draft issue . That was Ali at his best . Even the Frazier , Norton , Foreman fights were not peak Ali . Ali after his three year layoff , was never as good . Still good enough to be champed though .
* * *
Also , I want to add a special conversation that I had with Eva Futch , the widow of the late Eddie Futch , who was without a doubt the greatest trainer in boxing during my lifetime . She states that Eddie has told her that Ali was too big , too fast , with Tyson not even capable of handling the ring generalship of Ali . Eddie Futch also said that Ali was able to adapt to any style , including Mike Tyson 's . Futch also claimed that Holmes in his prime , would have been too big for Mike and that Larry 's jab alone would have beaten Mike Tyson on any day .
I want to thank each of these boxing experts for their sincere and honest opinions .
Personally , I feel that if Ali were to fight Tyson 10 times , Ali would win 10 times . With Holmes , it might have been a little different – maybe Tyson would have sneaked a couple of wins in if they fought 10 times , in the peak of their careers . I always take a pure boxer with great skills over a puncher regardless of how hard he hits .
Ali
Ali was just that great — and unquestionably the greatest heavyweight of the modern day era . He was the most gifted heavyweight champion , with lighting quickness , the best left jab ever and footwork far surpassing any other heavyweight . Ali had a great chin and more heart than maybe any other athlete , ever . His three-and-a-half year layoff for refusal of military service was taken during the pinnacle of his career . He is certainly the most recognized sports figure of the last century .
Larry Holmes
Holmes had the misfortune of following one of the greatest fighters of all time – Ali . Ironically , he possessed the second best left jab ever , next to Ali . He won his first eight title defenses all by knockout and continued on to a 48-0 professional record , one shy of Marciano 's record , when he lost his title ( and for the first time ) via a controversial decision to light heavyweight champion Michael Spinks . Holmes made 20 title defenses , second only to Joe Louis .
Mike Tyson
Tyson became the youngest heavyweight champion ever at the age of 20 after knocking out WBC titlist Trevor Berbick in 1986 . He instantly became a force in the heavyweight division and went on to capture the WBA title from James “ Bonecrusher ” Smith and the IBF belt against Tony Tucker . Tyson was vicious with his attack , defeating six straight , all by knockout , before losing by KO to 42-1 underdog Buster Douglas , in what is known as boxing 's biggest upset ever . He returned to the ring with a vengeance , after a prison sentence , disposing of six opponents before losing to Evander Holyfield twice . In 2002 , Tyson lost to Lennox Lewis by KO . Mike 's career was pretty much over by that time and I felt he should have retired then .
In closing , you might note that in my top 10 , there are fighters that I rate higher than opponents that they had lost to – for example Jeffries beat Corbertt , Marciano beat Louis , Tunney beat Dempsey , Holmes beat Ali . This is because I rated them at the height of their careers , in their primes — NOT when they lost to these other fighters .
I have had similar discussions such as , “ who might be the best musical group of all time ? ” , I would quickly say the Beatles , but when others might say the Rolling Stones , Bee Gees , etc , I would honor their opinions with dignity and respect . With that said , I will say thank you to the many that weighed in with their opinions on this topic . My intent is not to change anyone 's mind but I just want to give you my opinion – as I wish that you can respect as well !
Ranch Diaries : Why cowboy life is intense We have other interests , like art and cooking , that take a backseat to the needs of our land and animals .
Ranch Diaries is an hcn.org series highlighting the experiences of Laura Jean Schneider , who gives us a peek into daily life during the first year of Triangle P Cattle Company , a new LLC in southcentral New Mexico . Installments are every other Tuesday .
It 's the time of year when I 'm tempted to give up on this ranching business altogether . Since August , when we started weaning , it 's been non-stop cattle work . In early September we drove the calves fifteen miles to the headquarters corrals to load on trucks , headed north to wheat and barley pasture for the winter . Since then , Sam has spent most of his time camping at Lower Elk ( on the other side of the lease ) gathering steers with our cowboy , Jim . I stayed here at Cow Camp 2 , tending the cows , checking calves , fences , and gates while making sure the bulls stayed with the cows . Every time we weighed and shipped the yearlings at Lower Elk , I went to help .
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider
Laura Jean Schneider 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Now Sam 's back for a few days , but that does n't mean time off . We need to catch up on the little things . We have horses to shoe and vehicles to maintain , oil to change and hinges to weld . Last night we unloaded hay bales for the horses and stacked two tons of 50-pound salt blocks that Sam got in town . We still have 250 steers to ship later this month , so Sam will continue to camp and help Jim until the all remnants are gathered .
It 's hard for Sam and me to find time to do anything outside of ranching , but it 's especially challenging during the fall , one of the busiest times of year . While we 're cowboys and ranchers now to most people , we have other interests that take a backseat to the needs of our land and animals . I 'm often hesitant to tell other ranchers what I like to do that 's not cattle related . But in addition to being a rancher I 'm also an artist . I just started taking a painting class at the community college in Ruidoso on Wednesday afternoons . Next summer , I 'll graduate from Vermont College of Fine Arts with an MFA in Fiction Writing — I 've been balancing coursework with ranch work for over a year now . I love to cook , garden , and gather wild foods . Recently , I took a few afternoons to harvest piñon nuts , wild cherries , black walnuts and prickly pears . Pulling the last batch of wild black cherry jelly out of the water bath canner yesterday felt so good . I was reconnecting with a long family tradition of preserving food and appreciating the bounty of the landscape I 'm part of . I like hiking and printmaking . I love art museums — I 'm an Egon Shiele fan — and going to the movies .
My husband draws detailed and beautiful plans that , like his handwriting , reflect his undergraduate degree in architecture . He 's great at math and looking at the big picture , and he loves to sail . He is a master of useful knots , does beautiful , functional leatherwork , and knows more about birds than anyone I know . He likes Bob Dylan and Ian Tyson . He makes a fantastic ranch horse , and his crepes ( both savory and sweet ) are incredible .
I try not to lose sight of these things — the essential bits of us — when we 're swamped with duties , when it might be a few months until we get a single day together , let alone a chance to go off the ranch for a while . Ranching is a great way to work together most of the time , but we need to remember all of the aspects that make us who we are , individually , and together . We 're realizing it takes a lot of effort to make that happen — but that it ultimately makes us happier people who can do this job better .
This post is part of The Software Architecture Chronicles , a series of posts about Software Architecture . In them , I write about what I 've learned on Software Architecture , how I think of it , and how I use that knowledge . The contents of this post might make more sense if you read the previous posts in this series .
In the beginning , there was the Monolith… 😀
Building a monolith has always been the default Architectural Style . I mean , in the very beginning we had one file per application , then we started having applications with several files , and only since the 1990s we started to see applications composed of other applications ( although the first experimentations were during the 1980s ) .
The monolith itself evolved . When applications started to be built using multiple files , there was n't much reasoning about them , nor there was a big need for that reasoning because the applications were relatively simple . As the applications got bigger and more complex , there was a need for some reasoning behind what files to create and how to relate them .
Modular Software Development
Modular Programming was the solution proposed in the late 1960s and during the 1970s . It was an evolution from classes to a more coarse-grained explicit definition of code units . Programming languages implemented modularity with different grades of explicitness .
For example , JAVA has class level visibility of default and public , where default level means that a class is only visible in its package ( module ) , and public means that the class is visible in and outside of its package ( module ) . This allows us to define what classes should be used by the clients of a package .
Componentized Software Development
Another style of modularity are the Components . As explained in one of my previous posts , Components are modules created with a domain concept in mind . They are ideally standalone “ applications ” that can be used to create composite applications . A recurrent example of this style if the pipes and filters architecture , extensively used in Unix systems and that allows us to do something like “ ps -ef | grep php “ . Another example is the usage of microservices as components of composite applications , like Netflix .
This style of code organisation also has been around for a long time , going back to the late 1960s , just like modular software development .
The modern monolith
Nowadays , having a monolithic Architectural Style simply means that all of the application code is deployed and run as a single process on a single node . We assume , it is using modules and components , although it is in fact often not the case .
It 's important to understand why the key words here are “ deployed ” and “ node ” . Regarding the first one , deployed , it means that it does n't matter where the code is physically stored if it is organised in one or several repositories , but how it is organised at runtime . Regarding the second keyword , node , it means that it is still a monolith if we deploy the application to several servers , as in a horizontal scaling context .
In a single node server , all of the modules in a monolith are assembled to the same memory image , which is run as a single process on a single node . Communication is done through standard procedure calls through the same stack and heap . It 's the single memory image makes the application monolithic . If you are running modules in different processes , you 're doing IPC . Because modules fall into different process boundaries , you 'll start facing distributed computing challenges . That 's getting into microservice territory . ( Thank you for your feedback , _dban_ )
This style , although with very bad reputation , can work very well even for large applications . It only stops being good enough when we need :
Independent scalability of different domain components ;
of different domain components ; Different components or modules to be written in different programming languages ;
; Independent deployability , maybe because we have a release rate higher than the deployment pipeline can handle for one code base , causing the deployment of a release to be slow because it needs to wait for the deployment of other releases , or even causing the deployment queue to grow faster than it is consumed .
At that point , we need to segregate our monolith into different applications , in an SOA Architectural Style ( more on that in a followup post ) .
Anti-pattern : Big Ball of Mud / Spaghetti Architecture
The “ big ball of mud ” , AKA Spaghetti Architecture , is the anti-pattern for this style , where the packages structure and relations are not explicit , structural cohesion and encapsulation does not exist or is minimal , dependencies follow no rules and it is very difficult to reason about subsystems , to make changes and to refactor . The system is opaque , viscous , fragile and rigid : A Big Ball of Mud !
Sources
1997 – Brian Foote , Joseph Yoder – Big Ball of Mud
2012 – Len Bass , Paul Clements , Rick Kazman – Software Architecture in Practice
2017 – Herberto Graça – Microservices architecture : What the gurus say about it
2017 – Herberto Graca – Software Architecture Premises
2017 * – Wikipedia – Modular programming
2017 * – Wikipedia – Component-based software engineering
* Seen in
Advertisements
Atlanta Hawks center Miles Plumlee was reportedly arrested last month .
In a report from long time sports journalist Peter Vecsey on his Patreon page , Atlanta Hawks center Miles Plumlee was arrested for marijuana possession . For those non-inclined to pay to subscribe to Patreon , Sam Amico of amicohoops.net posted the details here .
According to report Miles Plumlee was arrested in late August while in Long Island , New York and charged with possession of marijuana . He was released on $ 100 bail . While not the most serious of offenses , depending on who you talk to , it is unknown what sort of disciplinary consequences Plumlee may face from the Hawks .
Miles Plumlee was of course acquired by the Atlanta Hawks in the Dwight Howard trade with the Charlotte Hornets . He is in year two of a 4-year $ 50 million contract that stands as one of the highest on the Hawks ' payroll .
Plumlee is likely to serve a limited minute bench role in Atlanta , assuming nothing more comes of this arrest situation . Any sort of suspension or discipline is more likely to be set down by the Hawks personal rather than the NBA itself . It 's entirely possible we do n't here anything about this situation ever again . The narrative will play itself out .
Miles Plumlee 's situation was already unideal to begin with . His base $ 12.5 million a year salary does not come close to being supported by his mere 2.5 points per game average last season . This circumstance is unfortunate and adds to a less than ideal to an already bad situation .
This post is part of the series WebGL 2 Development with PicoGL.js .
In the last lesson , we rounded out our core rendering toolkit with textures and framebuffers . In this lesson , we 'll look at some new WebGL 2 features that do n't introduce new functionality , but let us draw the things we can already draw much more efficiently . We 'll start with uniform buffers , which allows us to load all our uniforms into a block of memory that stays on the GPU , rather than updating them individually on each draw call . Then we 'll take a look at instanced drawing , which allows us to draw multiple copies of an object in a single draw call .
Uniform Buffers
Those coming from WebGL 1 know that uniforms are variables that remain constant for all vertices and all fragments of a given draw call . In WebGL 1 , uniforms would have to be updated individually for every draw call , which could lead to significant CPU overhead . In WebGL 2 , we have the option to declare our uniforms in a uniform block backed by a uniform buffer that you just bind to update all uniform values in the block ( similarly to how you bind vertex buffers for attributes ) . To take advantage of uniform buffers , you normally have to carefully lay out your buffers according to the std140 layout specification . Fortunately , PicoGL.js takes care of most of that for us .
Let 's start with the boilerplate page and fill in the vertex shader :
# version 300 es layout ( location=0 ) in vec4 position ; layout ( std140 ) uniform SceneUniforms { mat4 uRotation ; vec4 uColor ; } ; void main ( ) { gl_Position = uRotation * position ; }
The main thing to note here is the uniform block , SceneUniforms . Other than wrapping our declarations in the block , we use the uniforms as we normally would . We 're passing a matrix , uRotation , that we use to transform the input position , and uColor , which is n't used here . On to the fragment shader :
# version 300 es precision highp float ; layout ( std140 ) uniform SceneUniforms { mat4 uRotation ; vec4 uColor ; } ; out vec4 fragColor ; void main ( ) { fragColor = uColor ; }
Again , the only new thing is the uniform block . In this case , we 're using uColor to set the color for the fragment . Note that we 're using the same uniform block for both shaders , and despite the fact that we do n't use both uniforms in both shaders , we have to declare all uniforms in the block for both .
We 've seen all of the application set up before :
var app = PicoGL.createApp ( canvas ) .clearColor ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 ) ; var vSource = document.getElementById ( `` vertex-shader '' ) .text.trim ( ) ; var fSource = document.getElementById ( `` fragment-shader '' ) .text.trim ( ) ; var program = app.createProgram ( vSource , fSource ) ; var positions = app.createVertexBuffer ( PicoGL.FLOAT , 2 , new Float32Array ( [ -0.2 , -0.2 , 0.2 , -0.2 , 0.0 , 0.2 ] ) ) ; var triangleArray = app.createVertexArray ( ) .vertexAttributeBuffer ( 0 , positions ) ;
Note that we 're making the triangle a little smaller than usual , which will come in handy later when we want to draw multiple instances of it . Now we can create our uniform buffer :
var rotationMatrix = mat4.create ( ) ; mat4.fromZRotation ( rotationMatrix , Math.PI / 12 ) ; var uniformColor = new Float32Array ( [ 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ] ) ; var uniformBuffer = app.createUniformBuffer ( [ PicoGL.FLOAT_MAT4 , PicoGL.FLOAT_VEC4 ] ) .set ( 0 , rotationMatrix ) .set ( 1 , uniformColor ) .update ( ) ;
We use glMatrix to create a matrix that will rotate our triangle about the z-axis by 15 degrees , and also create a float array to represent the color of our triangle . The call to createUniformBuffer ( ) takes an array of GL enums to define the layout , which must match the layout of the uniform block in our shaders . With the layout defined , we can use the set ( ) method to update individual uniforms by referring to their indices in the layout as if they were in an array . These updates all happen in a local cache of the buffer , and the call to update ( ) sends the new values to the GPU .
We then create our draw call , binding our uniform buffer to the uniform block , and draw :
var drawCall = app.createDrawCall ( program , triangleArray ) .uniformBlock ( `` SceneUniforms '' , uniformBuffer ) ; app.clear ( ) ; drawCall.draw ( ) ;
If everything went well , you should see the image from the top of this post .
Instanced Drawing
It 's common when rendering a scene to render the same geometry multiple times while modifying things like the color or transform . WebGL 2 lets us reduce CPU overhead in these situations by drawing these copies in a single draw call . We 'll demonstrate instanced drawing by making a few small changes to the application we 've been working on . First , the vertex shader :
# version 300 es layout ( location=0 ) in vec4 position ; layout ( location=1 ) in vec2 iOffset ; layout ( location=2 ) in vec4 iColor ; layout ( std140 ) uniform SceneUniforms { mat4 uRotation ; vec4 uColor ; } ; flat out vec4 vColor ; void main ( ) { vColor = iColor ; gl_Position = uRotation * position ; gl_Position.xy += iOffset ; }
We 've added two new in variables to our vertex shader , but these will be passed per instance rather than per vertex . We 'll use uOffset to arrange our instances on the screen and uColor to modify the color of each instance . Notice that we 've declared our out variable , vColor , as flat . This tells the rasterizer not to interpolate values across the triangle surface , since they 're constant per instance .
# version 300 es precision highp float ; flat in vec4 vColor ; layout ( std140 ) uniform SceneUniforms { mat4 uRotation ; vec4 uColor ; } ; out vec4 fragColor ; void main ( ) { fragColor = mix ( uColor , vColor , 0.5 ) ; }
Our fragment shader does n't change much . We take vColor in as input and mix it with the uColor from the uniform block to get the final fragment color . Finally , we set up our instanced geometry :
var positions = app.createVertexBuffer ( PicoGL.FLOAT , 2 , new Float32Array ( [ -0.2 , -0.2 , 0.2 , -0.2 , 0.0 , 0.2 ] ) ) ; var instanceOffsets = app.createVertexBuffer ( PicoGL.FLOAT , 2 , new Float32Array ( [ -0.4 , -0.4 , 0.4 , -0.4 , -0.4 , 0.4 , 0.4 , 0.4 ] ) ) ; var instanceColors = app.createVertexBuffer ( PicoGL.FLOAT , 3 , new Float32Array ( [ 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ] ) ) ; var triangleArray = app.createVertexArray ( ) .vertexAttributeBuffer ( 0 , positions ) .instanceAttributeBuffer ( 1 , instanceOffsets ) .instanceAttributeBuffer ( 2 , instanceColors ) ;
The instanceOffets and instanceColors buffers are created the same way we created our per-vertex buffer . The key thing is calling instanceAttributeBuffer ( ) to bind them to the vertex array , which sets the vertex array up to pass elements from those buffers once per instance rather than once per vertex . If all went well , you should see the image from the beginning of this section . A live version is available here .
The completed example for part 3 is available here . If you have any questions , feel free to post them in the comments , visit the PicoGL.js Gitter chat room , or look me up on Twitter .
Advertisements
Director James Cameron , arguably the king of 3D , is planning to bring back Titanic , one of his biggest films . Here 's the catch , he 's bringing it back in 3D . Yep , that 's right , according to /Film , Titanic 3D will be hitting theatres April 2012 .
Cameron has been talking about converting the film to 3D for a while now and this time it actually looks like it 's going to happen . Apparently the LA Times said that Cameron is :
“ converting the blockbuster into 3-D for re-release in April 2012 , the 100th anniversary of the ship 's sinking . ”
The only problem I can foresee with this is that in most cases , adding 3D after a film is released , usually makes the film look pretty crummy ( Clash of the Titans ) . Although , Cameron is the man behind Avatar , the film that started the 3D trend , so hopefully he knows the technique and technology well enough to ensure Titanic looks good .
French and Malian soldiers regained control of the ancient city of Timbuktu on Monday , much to the joy of Timbuktu residents .
But as the Islamist rebels who had taken it over fled , they torched a library that contained thousands of manuscripts from the Middle Ages .
Timbuktu , which is on the U.N.-designated World Heritage List , was a seat of Islamic learning for centuries , and its Ahmed Baba library , which was constructed in 2010 , was home to 20,000 manuscripts dating back as early as the year 1204 . It 's still not known how many of the documents were destroyed .
Ben Curtis/AP . An Islamic manuscript in Timbuktu , Mali .
Michael Covitt , chairman of the Malian Manuscript Foundation , called the arson a “ desecration to humanity '' in an interview with the Associated Press .
Time magazine 's Vivienne Walt reports that some experts on the ground in Mali say many of the manuscripts were saved before the Islamists ' pillage :
Realizing that the documents might be prime targets for pillaging or vindictive attacks from Islamic extremists , staff left behind just a small portion of them , perhaps out of haste , but also to conceal the fact that the center had been deliberately emptied .
“ The documents which had been there are safe , they were not burned , ” Mahmoud Zouber , Mali 's presidential aide on Islamic affairs , told Time , “ They were put in a very safe place . ”
Other experts confirmed that while there were `` a few items '' in the Ahmed Baba library , the rest were protected in an undisclosed hiding place .
Here 's a look at why the world is so worked up over the documents and what it might mean if they were destroyed :
According to Walt , the library contained hundreds of thousands of pages , some of which had gold illumination , astrological charts and sophisticated mathematical formulas . The manuscripts cover subjects including science , astrology , medicine , theology , grammar and geography , according to the AP .
They are written in Arabic script using both the Arabic language and African languages -- a testament to Timbuktu 's melting pot history . Over centuries , the city established itself as a major point on a caravan trail , bringing together Africans , Berbers , Arabs and the nomadic Tuareg people for trade .
Manuscripts were imported to Timbuktu from North Africa and Egypt , and scholars would copy them to add to their own libraries . Ahmed Baba , for whom the library is named , was a 16th-century Timbuktu scholar who had a personal library of more than 1600 books -- and his was one of the smaller collections in the region , according to the Ahmed Baba Institute .
Timbuktu began its intellectual decline with the Moroccan invasion in the 16th century , but ancient letters and books continued to be preserved in private homes .
Several years ago , residents of Timbuktu ramped up the construction of libraries and the preservation of ancient books in hopes of luring back history-loving tourists whose visits had become rarer because of attacks by Islamists in the region . In 2010 , the Washington Post 's Karin Brulliard wrote :
Early this year , archivists and curators trained by South Africa will take up residence at the Ahmed Baba Institute 's new building . The 30,000-volume collection -- complete with a 17th-century Koran written on the skin of a gazelle -- will move into its climate-controlled rooms .
Some of the documents were centuries-old letters , kept in trunks and bookcases by Malians who inherited them from ancestors .
`` What I like most is the correspondence , '' Mohamed M. Moure , director of the Mamma Haidara Library , told the Post , referring to antique letters . `` They speak of walking to Bamako , or to Mecca . . . mysterious things . ''
When Islamic rebels took over the area last year , they warned library curators that they considered the documents heresy and approved of only Islamic texts .
“ I 'm proud of the documents I own because they contain many sciences , ” Moussa Ag Hamta , owner of a private library , told Magharebia . “ However , the takeover of the city by the extremist Islamic groups has put an end to the arrival of European tourists and made me hide these documents lest I should be forced to destroy or turn them in to them . ”
According to a post by Heise Security , a backdoor has been spotted in the popular open source ad software OpenX [ 1 ] [ 2 ] . Appearantly the backdoor has been present since at least November 2012 . I tried to download the source to verify the information , but it appears the files have been removed .
The backdoor is disguised as php code that appears to create a jQuery javascript snippet :
this.each ( function ( ) { l=flashembed ( this , k , j ) } < ! -- ? php / * if ( e ) { jQuery.tools=jQuery.tools|| { version : { } } ; jQuery.tools.version.flashembed= ' 1.0.2 ' ; * / $ j='ex'./ * * /'plode ' ; / * if ( this.className ...
Heise recommends searching the `` .js '' files of OpenX for php code to find out if your version of OpenX is the backdoored version .
find . -name \ * .js -exec grep -l ' < ? php ' { } \ ;
The backdoor can then be used by an attacker to upload a shell to www/images/debugs.php . We have seen in the past several web sites that delivered malicious ads served by compromissed ad servers . This could be the reason for some of these compromisses .
If you run OpenX :
verify the above information ( and let us know )
if you can find the backdoor , disable/ininstall OpenX
make sure you remove the `` debug.php '' file
best : rebuild the server if you can
Heise investigated a version 2.8.10 of OpenX with a data of December 9th and an md5 of 6b3459f16238aa717f379565650cb0cf for the openXVideoAds.zip file .
[ 1 ] http : //www.heise.de/newsticker/meldung/Achtung-Anzeigen-Server-OpenX-enthaelt-eine-Hintertuer-1929769.html ( only in German at this point )
[ 2 ] http : //www.openx.com
-- -- --
Johannes B. Ullrich , Ph.D .
SANS Technology Institute
Twitter @ johullrich
No politician will ever lose votes by coming down on the side of community banks . Unlike the mega-banks of Wall Street that helped fuel the world 's dive off an economic cliff , community banks have a better reputation . They avoid exotic financial deals and , for the most part , stick to their knitting .
GOP hopeful Newt Gingrich offered himself as their defender when he spoke to supporters at campaign headquarters in Manchester , N.H. `` Community banks are 12 percent of the banks right now and 40 percent of the loans to small business , '' Gingrich said . `` And they are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank . ''
Dodd-Frank is the financial overhaul bill passed by Congress in 2010 . Gingrich says it should be repealed , in part because of its impact on these local banks .
We asked the Gingrich campaign to give us the data that informed the former House speaker 's belief . Staffer R.C . Hammond replied `` It was his observation . How do you source an opinion ? ''
But Gingrich did n't say , `` I think community banks are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank . He asserted it as a fact .
The first thing to note is that one year after the passage of Dodd-Frank , community banks are healthier . By convention , any bank with assets of less than $ 1 billion is a community bank . According to the latest report from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , for that group of banks , a key measure of profitability , return on assets , has doubled in the past year , growing from 0.26 percent a year ago to 0.57 percent in the second quarter of 2011 . Return on assets has been higher this year than in any quarter going back to the start of 2008 before the great meltdown .
While it would n't be fair to give Dodd-Frank full credit for that improvement ( the improving economy is probably a factor ) , neither is it accurate to credit the law with the demise of the industry when the reports of that demise are premature .
Not only are they not dead , `` community banks on the whole are healthier than they were last year , '' said Chris Cole , senior vice president of the Independent Community Bankers of America .
The trade group that represents some 5,000 of these smaller banks views Dodd-Frank as a mixed bag . Cole said it has done some good things . High on the plus side , it will save his members about $ 4.5 billion over three years in the fees they pay to the FDIC .
`` The assessment rates was a big benefit , '' said Cole . Community banks have `` experienced 30 to 40 percent decreases in their assessments . For many community banks , Dodd-Frank has not been all that bad , '' he said .
In a letter marking the one-year anniversary of Dodd-Frank , ICBA 's President Camden Fine also praised the law for making inroads in supervising the mega-banks and putting non-bank financial firms , which can range from insurance companies to hedge funds , under more of a regulatory microscope .
ICBA is not head-over-heels in love with the financial reforms . It does n't like the limits the new law puts on the fees banks can charge each time a customer uses a debit card . Initially , the rate was capped at 12 cents per swipe . Regulators later changed that to 21 cents .
If there is one overarching fear that smaller banks have with Dodd-Frank , it is the prospect of new regulations . `` We are expecting compliance costs to increase dramatically , '' Rose Oswald Poels , president of the Wisconsin Bankers Association , told the Milwaukee BizTimes The president of the American Bankers Association , Frank Keating , warned in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece of a `` mountainous regulatory burden '' that will overwhelm small banks .
`` Federal regulators have issued 4,870 Federal Register pages of proposed or final rules affecting banks , `` Keating wrote . `` Many more are still to come—for a grand total of more than 240 rules . ''
What Keating fails to mention is that many of the rules under Dodd-Frank specifically exempt community banks .
`` A lot of the stuff in Dodd-Frank is really meant to be targeted at the big guys , not the small ones , '' said Arthur Wilmarth , a law professor at George Washington University Law School who testifies regularly on Capitol Hill on banking issues . Wilmarth said many more rules could exempt smaller banks depending on how they are written . The ultimate decision on debit card fees is a good example . Not only did regulators raise the allowable fee , the law exempted all banks with assets under $ 10 billion from the new rule .
The ICBA 's Cole makes a larger point -- that one should hold judgment on the new law . `` The implementation of Dodd-Frank is just halfway through , '' he said . `` It 's too early to say what it is . '' Cole said so far , regulators have been very responsive . `` They 've been willing to listen and reach out to us . ''
A major goal of lobbyists for community banks was to pass a law that treated small banks differently from large ones , and the ICBA says they achieved that in Dodd-Frank . One sign of this divide : when the ICBA -- representing small banks -- and the ABA -- representing banks both large and small -- listed their lobbying priorities for 2011 , there was virtually no overlap .
The ABA for example wants to change the oversight of derivatives , but small banks rarely touch derivatives trading . And the two organizations totally part ways on deposit insurance . The ABA wants to trim back the Dodd-Frank changes , while the ICBA members want to keep the savings they gained from the law .
Wilmarth and others criticized Dodd-Frank for not going far enough to deal with banks that are too big to fail , but , in most ways , it is tougher on the big banks than it is on the small ones , they said .
Our Ruling :
Gingrich said that community banks `` are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank . '' But as a whole they are healthier than a year ago . No doubt the improvement in the economy has helped , but community banks also have benefited from a reduction in fees paid to the FDIC as a result of Dodd-Frank .
From the point of view of community banks , Dodd-Frank is imperfect and still unfolding . But it has exempted community banks from many new regulations . That said , the shape of the rules to come will make a big difference in its final impact on them .
To say that this industry is being destroyed by Dodd-Frank is untrue and unlikely to be true in the future if regulators continue to respond to the concerns of small banks . We rate Gingrich 's statement False .
https : //www.sharethefacts.co/share/1ce81073-8a07-4eda-83a2-70e02ed776fe
Posted 317
AngularJS Navigation Bar Example Using Simple Routing
Hello friends . Today we are going to create a simple Website in Angularjs with various pages like home page , about page , contact page , portfolio page , etc . with complete form validation .
So to achieve this simple task “ angularjs navigation bar example using simple routing ” , follow these steps .
Step 1 .
Create a site directory structure like this .
root ( folder )
————-include ( folder )
——————–bootstrap library ( folder )
——————–jquery library
————-js ( folder )
——————–angularjs library
——————–app.js
————-pages ( folder )
——————–about.html
——————–contact.html
——————–home.html
——————–portfolio.html
——————–sidebar.html
——————–notfound.html
index.html
Step 2 .
Write or paste the following code in index.html
< ! DOCTYPE html > < html ng-app= '' myApp '' > < head > < meta charset= '' utf-8 '' > < ! -- Set the viewport so this responsive site displays correctly on mobile devices -- > < meta name= '' viewport '' content= '' width=device-width , initial-scale=1 '' > < title > Angularjs Routing Navigation | trycatchclasses.com < /title > < ! -- Include bootstrap CSS -- > < link href= '' includes/bootstrap/css/bootstrap.min.css '' rel= '' stylesheet '' > < link href= '' includes/style.css '' rel= '' stylesheet '' > < script src= '' includes/jquery/jquery-2.1.0.min.js '' > < /script > < ! -- Angular js -- > < script src= '' js/angular.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' js/angular-route.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' js/angular-animate.min.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' js/app.js '' > < /script > < /head > < body ng-controller= '' navController '' > < ! -- Site header and navigation -- > < header class= '' top '' role= '' header '' > < div class= '' container '' > < a href= '' # '' class= '' navbar-brand pull-left '' > Trycatch Classes Tutorials < /a > < button class= '' navbar-toggle '' data-toggle= '' collapse '' data-target= '' .navbar-collapse '' > < span class= '' glyphicon glyphicon-align-justify '' > < /span > < /button > < nav class= '' navbar-collapse collapse '' role= '' navigation '' > < ul class= '' navbar-nav nav '' > < li > < a href= '' # / '' > Home < /a > < /li > < li > < a href= '' # about '' > About < /a > < /li > < li > < a href= '' # portfolio '' > Portfolio < /a > < /li > < li > < a href= '' # contact '' > Contact < /a > < /li > < /ul > < /nav > < /div > < /header > < div ng-view= '' '' id= '' ng-view '' class= '' slide-animation '' > < /div > < ! -- Site footer -- > < div class= '' bottom '' > < div class= '' container '' > < div class= '' col-md-4 '' > < h3 > < span class= '' glyphicon glyphicon-heart '' > < /span > Footer section 1 < /h3 > < p > Content for the first footer section. < /p > < /div > < div class= '' col-md-4 '' > < h3 > < span class= '' glyphicon glyphicon-star '' > < /span > Footer section 2 < /h3 > < p > Content for the second footer section. < /p > < /div > < div class= '' col-md-4 '' > < h3 > < span class= '' glyphicon glyphicon-music '' > < /span > Footer section 3 < /h3 > < p > Content for the third footer section. < /p > < /div > < /div > < /div > < ! -- Include jQuery and bootstrap JS plugins -- > < script src= '' includes/bootstrap/js/bootstrap.min.js '' > < /script > < /body > < /html >
Step 3 .
Now understand the contact form so paste the following code in contact.html
< ! -- Site banner -- > < div class= '' banner '' > < div class= '' container '' ng-controller= '' validationController '' > < p ng-model= '' response '' style= '' color : green ; font-weight : bold '' > { { response } } < /p > < h1 > Contact us page < /h1 > < form name= '' userForm '' ng-submit= '' submitForm ( userForm. $ valid ) '' novalidate > < ! -- NAME -- > < div class= '' form-group '' ng-class= '' { 'has-error ' : userForm.name. $ invalid & & ! userForm.name. $ pristine } '' > < label > Name * < /label > < input type= '' text '' name= '' name '' class= '' form-control '' ng-model= '' user.name '' required style= '' border : 1px solid # ddd ; border-radius : 0px ; box-shadow : 0px ; '' > < p ng-show= '' userForm.name. $ invalid & & ! userForm.name. $ pristine '' class= '' help-block '' > You name is required. < /p > < /div > < ! -- USERNAME -- > < div class= '' form-group '' ng-class= '' { 'has-error ' : userForm.username. $ invalid & & ! userForm.username. $ pristine } '' > < label > Username < /label > < input type= '' text '' name= '' username '' class= '' form-control '' ng-model= '' user.username '' ng-minlength= '' 3 '' ng-maxlength= '' 8 '' style= '' border : 1px solid # ddd ; border-radius : 0px ; box-shadow : 0px ; '' > < p ng-show= '' userForm.username. $ error.minlength '' class= '' help-block '' > Username is too short. < /p > < p ng-show= '' userForm.username. $ error.maxlength '' class= '' help-block '' > Username is too long. < /p > < /div > < ! -- EMAIL -- > < div class= '' form-group '' ng-class= '' { 'has-error ' : userForm.email. $ invalid & & ! userForm.email. $ pristine } '' > < label > Email < /label > < input type= '' email '' name= '' email '' class= '' form-control '' ng-model= '' user.email '' style= '' border : 1px solid # ddd ; border-radius : 0px ; box-shadow : 0px ; '' > < p ng-show= '' userForm.email. $ invalid & & ! userForm.email. $ pristine '' class= '' help-block '' > Enter a valid email. < /p > < /div > < button type= '' submit '' class= '' btn btn-primary '' style= '' border : 1px solid transparent ; border-radius : 0px ; box-shadow : 0px ; '' > Submit < /button > < /form > < /div > < /div > < ! -- Middle content section -- > < div class= '' middle '' > < div class= '' container '' > < div class= '' col-md-9 content '' > < h2 > Angularjs Routing Navigation < /h2 > < p > A comprehensive tutorial showing you how to quickly create Angular route navigation. < /p > < div class= '' to-tutorial '' > < p > < strong > Visit the tutorial now to learn more : < /strong > < /p > < a href= '' http : //www.trycatchclasses.com/angularjs-navigation-bar-example-using-simple-routing/ '' class= '' btn btn-success '' > GO TO THE TUTORIAL < /a > < /div > < /div > < div class= '' col-md-3 '' > < div ng-include src= '' 'pages/sidebar.html ' '' > < /div > < /div > < /div > < /div >
Step 4 .
Now understand the heart of this side is app.js file .
// create the module of the app var myApp = angular.module ( 'myApp ' , [ 'ngRoute ' , 'ngAnimate ' ] ) ; //create the navigation controller myApp.controller ( 'navController ' , function ( $ scope ) { } ) ; //create the validation controller myApp.controller ( 'validationController ' , function ( $ scope ) { // function to submit the form $ scope.submitForm = function ( isValid ) { //check to make sure that form is completely valid if ( isValid ) { $ scope.response = 'Your form is submited susscssfuly ' ; // alert ( 'Thanks ' ) ; } else { $ scope.response = `` ; } } ; } ) ; //Define route for site myApp.config ( [ ' $ routeProvider ' , function ( $ routeProvider ) { $ routeProvider .when ( '/ ' , { title : 'home ' , templateUrl : 'pages/home.html ' } ) .when ( '/about ' , { title : 'About ' , templateUrl : 'pages/about.html ' } ) .when ( '/contact ' , { title : 'contact ' , templateUrl : 'pages/contact.html ' } ) .when ( '/portfolio ' , { title : 'portfolio ' , templateUrl : 'pages/portfolio.html ' } ) .otherwise ( { redirectTo : 'pages/notfound.html ' } ) ; } ] ) ; // create the module of the app var myApp = angular.module ( 'myApp ' , [ 'ngRoute ' , 'ngAnimate ' ] ) ; //create the navigation controller myApp.controller ( 'navController ' , function ( $ scope ) { } ) ; //create the validation controller myApp.controller ( 'validationController ' , function ( $ scope ) { // function to submit the form $ scope.submitForm = function ( isValid ) { //check to make sure that form is completely valid if ( isValid ) { $ scope.response = 'Your form is submited susscssfuly ' ; // alert ( 'Thanks ' ) ; } else { $ scope.response = `` ; } } ; } ) ; //Define route for site myApp.config ( [ ' $ routeProvider ' , function ( $ routeProvider ) { $ routeProvider .when ( '/ ' , { title : 'home ' , templateUrl : 'pages/home.html ' } ) .when ( '/about ' , { title : 'About ' , templateUrl : 'pages/about.html ' } ) .when ( '/contact ' , { title : 'contact ' , templateUrl : 'pages/contact.html ' } ) .when ( '/portfolio ' , { title : 'portfolio ' , templateUrl : 'pages/portfolio.html ' } ) .otherwise ( { redirectTo : 'pages/notfound.html ' } ) ; } ] ) ;
Step 5 .
Rest of the code you can see in demo site or in Download folder .
So finally you can run your first angularjs site on server .
Do n't forget to share your doubts in the comment box and also share this post on social media and with your friends because “ You share , I share , let 's make the world aware ” .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
Also for more awesome tutorials , please do n't forget to like our facebook page TryCatch Classes .
Bonus : We also give training on following topics :
1 . Angular Training in Mumbai .
2 . Bootstrap Training Course in Mumbai .
3 . Web Designing Training in Mumbai .
4 . UI / UX Training .
5 . IOS Training Institute in Mumbai .
It 's happened to you a million times , you hate it , it sucks . You 're getting your bases up and running , production is starting to look solid , upgrades and tech are in the works , and boom , the game is over before any of your great plan takes affect .
“ that noob just all-in 'd me , no skill ” , “ if i had scouted that way earlier I would 've stopped it easily ” , or my personal favorite `` you 're lucky I 'm so bad , but god you 're worse '' and you search for the next game .
Then you die to the same all-in two games later . Who 's really at fault here ?
Defending a well-executed all-in requires all of the poise and precision you have , it 's not something that will just happen . Of course , different all-ins require different responses from different races , but there are universal principles that you need to follow if you want to stand a chance . If you find yourself dying to all-ins more than you 're defending them , take these mental steps to improve your game .
1 ) Do n't Panic
“ Oh no , I think I 'm getting all-in 'd ” and 20 seconds later , you 're supplied blocked , or floating way more minerals and gas than you normally would . Sound familiar ? I ca n't stress this point enough because it is by far the most important thing to remember when a big attack or all-in is coming . Just relax . I 've seen diamond/master level players reduced to bronze level macro under this kind of tunnel-vision .
You ca n't focus too much on an imminent attack or all-in and let your macro slip up . Next time you are about to get a face-full of all-in , be sure to still have your internal metronome going something like this :
“ supply , resources , production , here it comes , get ready supply , resources , production position units ” etc ...
do n't do this
“ supply , he 's going all-in , resou ... i 'm so dead , maybe i should position my units here ? no , how about here ? producti- ... noooooooo ! ! ”
It goes without saying that you need to squeeze out any advantage you can , and if you do n't continue to take your macro one step at a time , you 're as good as dead .
2 ) Learn the timings
If there is an all-in that is giving you particular trouble , simply learn the timings . I 'm talking about that trusty in-game clock , just do it . It 'll ease your nerves .
For example : if you 're a Terran and you 're dying to 6-7 gate all the time , just start learning the times you need to check for it . If a Terran is feeling a big 6-7 gate push coming , they should start poking around the map at 7:00-7:30 with a single marine/scv , just as the protoss should be setting up the proxy pylons . This attack hits at around 8:00-9:00 , so if he decides its coming , he can build his bunkers and they should be finished just in time .
This alleviates a lot of mental stress , because rather than thinking “ should i build the bunkers , is he coming now ? am i faking myself out ? ” - you 'll know for sure .
3 ) Watch the Replay
The last thing you want to do is watch the replay after a frustrating all-in . A lot of the time I 've seen friends instantly start to look for a new game .
I say “ watch the replay , see what went wrong ”
The typical response is to blast through the replay at 8x speed staring at the worker count , lack of a second base , or the actual engagement and say “ see , they just went completely all-in , so lame . ”
Sure , looking at the opponent 's end of things can be helpful if you 're unfamiliar with the timings of an all-in , but it 's much more important to be carefully analyzing your end of the deal .
Typically , all-ins succeed not because of the opponent 's amazing play , but because of your lack of preparation in one way or another .
Check to see when your macro dropped off , or if you over-produced workers . Perhaps you were slow to pull SCVs off the line to repair bunkers , or maybe you did n't utilize your speedlings to cut off re-enforcements . Maybe your warp-gates had production capabilities that you did n't utilize at all times , or you missed a crucial inject .
Some of this are obvious mistakes , and some are much more subtle . Check every aspect in the replay , and take note . If there is one subtle issue that consistently comes up , be sure to address it . All of a sudden , you 'll realize that all-in that was giving you so much trouble before , seems easier to hold off for some reason . For me , my consistent mistake was over-producing probes and not utilizing my chronoboost and warpgates to the max potential during a 1-1-1 push . What 's your subtle mistake during an all-in ?
These are just three simple steps you can start to take , and I hope they help you in a quest to conquer all-ins . Provide any examples , stories , additional tips , or mistakes trying to hold all-ins in the comments below .
We 're two swimmers and best friends , both in college , who happen to be gay . We came out to each other via text , and our bond and friendship has only grown . We do n't know where each of us would be without the other . We wanted to share our stories .
Axel Reed , will graduate this spring from Chapman University in Orange County , Calif. , where he was a swimmer . He previously swam at Villanova . Josh Velasquez attends the University of Arizona . He went there hoping to swim , but an injury cut short his career .
Before we tell you the story of how two gay swimmers helped each other come out , we want to share some background about each of us .
Axel Reed
Growing up in Trabuco Canyon , in Orange County , Calif. , going to church on Sunday and having chapel twice a week at my elementary and middle school definitely was a challenge .
I always knew there was something different about me from my friends . A difference that was hard to comprehend because I grew up being taught that men were essentially programmed to marry women and that is how the world works . But that was n't how I was programmed . I was always good at hiding my emotions and pushing my feelings deep inside , so I had no problem hiding that I was gay until high school .
High school was four years of confusion , depression , anxiety and all other emotions you feel when you 're hiding who you are every day . On top of everything else I was a competitive swimmer , a sport known for being “ more gay ” because my uniform was a tiny piece of fabric just large enough to cover “ my stuff ” and I went to a private , Catholic high school .
Swimming was my outlet , my distraction and my excuse . I dated a few girls , but never anything too serious . I would consistently use training as an excuse to not date . At the same time swim practice meant lying to my coach and teammates — the people I called my family . I was afraid of telling my teammates that I was gay because I feared they would look at me differently or my guy friends would distance themselves .
My freshman year of college at Villanova , I told myself , “ it 's four years , just fake it ” because now that I was a Division I swimmer I really thought I could n't be out . That was not the case . As much as I tried to hide my boyfriend during freshman year from my teammates , it was inevitable they were going to find out .
I started by telling my small group of close swim friends and then let the word spread to the rest of the team . Everyone was supportive and later on in the year two of my other teammates ended up coming out as well . It was a pretty amazing experience . When I transferred to Chapman for my second year of college , I came out to my teammates there more quickly than at Villanova , and was greeted with the same response : nothing but love .
“ I realized the hard part was n't telling people , it was the lonely , dark place I put myself in . ”
Do n't get me wrong — having supportive teammates meant the world to me , but it did n't help with my confidence or being comfortable with myself .
I was faced with a lot of stress and anxiety that first year of college and found myself often driving aimlessly through Pennsylvania or sneaking into the pool area to sit in the bleachers and just think . I struggled a lot with the thought of people knowing and having the confidence to walk around campus and the pool deck having people know the real me .
I realized the hard part was n't telling people . The hard part was the lonely , dark place I put myself in when faced with the reality that people knew I was gay . That emotionally draining pit was what I wanted to help Josh avoid because I knew he was going through the same thing .
Josh Velasquez
Growing up in Corona in Southern California , I was an only child , with a single mom as my only parent . My father tried to be a part of my life when I was younger but it never built at the time into father-son relationship .
My family was extremely large and we spent most holidays together . Throughout my life , I saw all of my aunts and uncles happy together , and my cousins in happy relationships . But they were all guy-girl relationships . It was the norm in my family . All I wanted was to be part of that norm .
“ I 've had such hard time coming to terms with my sexuality because I was scared that my family would hate me because homosexuality is a sin . ”
I knew I was attracted to men at a young age but I fought those emotions and pushed them far down . Along with my entire family being “ normal , ” my family is very involved with the Christian church . I 've had such hard time coming to terms with my sexuality because I was scared that my family would hate me because homosexuality is a sin .
Athletically , I swam my entire life . I swam club and varsity my entire high school career . At my school , swimming was considered a “ gay ” sport because of our little Speedos . I refused to be part of that stereotype . I would date girls so no one could see that I was hiding my true feelings .
My freshman year I became extremely close to the seniors and juniors on my swim team . I was this little freshman who got to hang out with people I looked up to and wanted to be like . They all had girlfriends and in my eyes I wanted that too . I wanted to fit in with my friends .
Luckily , I was able to play a good cover . I did n't have that hard of a time getting with girls in high school . I felt so cool to be a part of the older group . The younger guys who were my age hated that the older guys wanted to hang out with me and not them . It was amazing but the whole time I would think to myself , “ Do everything in your power to be straight . Do n't disappoint them , Josh . ”
Even though I wanted to just be “ normal , ” that was not the main reason I could n't wrap my head around with being gay . When I was in elementary school , a neighbor decided to take advantage of me . I was a very vulnerable boy because I did not have a father figure in my life at the time .
My mom was working her ass off to make sure I had a privileged life . This neighbor saw that as a way use my body for his pleasure and take advantage of an innocent child . He made himself the male figure in my life whether I liked it or not . This went on for about two years and I did nothing to stop it . I was scared . Scared of being hurt by him . Scared he would hurt my family . Scared for someone I loved and wanted to protect .
Being sexually abused as a kid was what made it impossible for me to accept myself . I thought “ Why ? Why did this happen to me ? If this had n't happened would I be normal and like girls ? ” I hated myself up until November 2016 . I still struggle accepting myself to this day but every day I get closer and closer to finding happiness within .
My mom would ask me all the time , randomly , “ Josh do you like guys ? Josh are you bi ? Josh are you gay ? ” I would always get defensive and deny it . Until one day in the summer of 2015 , I finally decided it was safe for me to tell her . It was scary to finally say those words . I told her she could n't tell anyone . She kept her promise .
Fast forward to family weekend , my sophomore year at the University of Arizona in 2015 , when I finally felt comfortable with my family knowing . I told my sister and brother in law one night . I was beyond scared that I would disappoint them because everyone thought I was this “ lady killer. ” Once I told my sister she cried and said , “ It makes me sad to think you could n't tell us this . ”
My brother in law told me , “ I think I love you more now because you let me in to get to know the real you. ” It was a huge eye opener . The day my family was leaving , I decided I needed to tell my dad . I was so scared that I would n't be the son he wanted and I would n't love me the same . I was completely wrong . He told me , “ this is n't going to be an easy life , but I 'll be there the whole time with you while you go through it . I love you , son ! ” That moment I felt completely normal . My immediate family finally knew the real Josh .
Axel and Josh 's life as best friends
We both swam for club teams in Orange County , Calif. We ran into each other at meets but never really became friends until one day in 2014 when Axel messaged Josh on Instagram . We would chat all the time and the summer before we both left for college we became extremely close . It was really hard to say goodbye to each other after becoming so close .
“ Swimmers have a special connection , and that was the reason we clicked . ”
Swimmers have a special connection , and that was the reason we clicked . There was something else though , another reason why our friendship was different . We found out that reason our first semester at college . One night Josh received a text from Axel . Josh opened the text and all it said was , “ I 'm gay , Josh . Are you ? ” Josh waited about 10 minutes to reply because he did n't know if he was ready , but with confidence he replied , “ Yeah , I am , Axel . ”
That day was when we became each other 's rock . Little did we know that we would really need each other multiple times after that , especially Josh . Since Axel came out a year before Josh , he was able to help guide Josh through the tough times .
Axel had a boyfriend while at Villanova so he got to see how it was to have a “ normal ” life with a guy . During this time Josh would sneak around when drunk with one guy at school but both were deep in the closet . It took a toll on Josh and he was jealous that Axel could have a normal life .
Josh tried to push Axel away , but Axel never let that happen . He would always make sure his friend was OK , because of what Axel went through after coming out . While Axel 's dad had a hard time accepting him , Josh would tell Axel to give it time and he would come around . It was ironic that Josh was giving Axel this advice when he could n't come to terms and tell his own parents .
Axel was the one-person Josh could cry to and vent because at the time Axel was the only one who knew about Josh . Axel would always say , “ it 's time to tell your mom. ” Josh would reply , “ No I 'm not ready . I ca n't do this. ” And like a best friend , Axel stayed by Josh 's side the entire time . Josh did n't come out to his mom right away but with Axel 's guidance , he finally did in the summer of 2015 .
Josh did n't realize how special Axel was until the day Josh broke down emotionally . Josh got put in a situation at school where a guy he did n't know almost attacked him . It brought back memories from his childhood abuser . Josh did not want to wake up the next day . He was disgusted with himself . Ashamed of himself and embarrassed , he told his family about everything that happened because he was scared he 'd do something stupid .
In his sophomore year of college , Josh fell into a deep depression . Josh 's depression came from his past . Josh never dealt with his problems . He would always push them down and hide them from other . Finally one day they all came out and he did n't know how to deal with them . He thought he was alone , even though Axel would tell him that was not the case .
Axel would be the one to call , Facetime , text and always make sure Josh was OK . He would remind him that what he was going through was just a speed bump and that everything would work out . That was hard for Josh to see because he still was n't out at his school . If it was n't for Axel , Josh might not be here today .
However , do n't think this is one-sided . Josh helped , and still helps Axel , whether he knows it or not . One characteristic of Josh is that he radiates confidence , despite whatever he is going through . Axel struggled a lot after coming out , always worried about what other people were saying about him and judging him .
Although Axel was out , he did not have confidence . Josh would go out with his group of friends who knew about him and be 100 % Josh , confident in himself and his sexuality . Seeing Josh be so comfortable with himself pushed Axel every day to step outside of his comfort zone because he wanted that confidence . He wanted to be gone out with friends and be himself , hold hands with a guy , and not care about other people 's opinions . Josh will never let Axel think badly about himself .
Today we have never been happier with ourselves . We 're finally letting people into our lives and letting them get to know the real Josh and Axel , not the disguise they use to wear .
We wanted to share our story jointly so that other swimmers or people struggling to come out do n't feel alone . Realize that others are experiencing the same thing as you and they made it through it . Love yourself and do n't push away the people close to you because this is the time you want them as close as possible .
Axel Reed , 21 , will be graduating from Chapman University early with a B.S in Business Administration and an emphasis in Real Estate . You can find him on Instagram ( @ axel_reed ) . You can also email him at theaxelreed @ gmail.com .
Josh Velasquez , 21 , is a junior pursuing a degree in neuroscience and cognitive behavior at the University of Arizona . You can find him on Instagram ( @ whoisjoshv ) and Facebook . You can also email him at joshuatv @ sbcglobal.net .
Story editor : Jim Buzinski
STATELINE , Nev. ( AP ) — Joe Sakic , a 13-time N.H.L . All-Star , picked a good spot for his first hole in one — a $ 1 million two-hopper into the cup on the waterfront par-3 17th on Sunday at the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship at Lake Tahoe .
“ That 's a shot you never imagine hitting , ” said Sakic , who won two Stanley Cups and a Most Valuable Player trophy with the Colorado Avalanche . “ I 've never even been close before . ”
For the last three years , any player hitting an ace on No . 17 at Edgewood Tahoe Golf Course earned a $ 1 million bonus from the tournament sponsor , American Century . The company stipulates that half of the prize go to its primary charity benefactor , so Sakic will split the $ 1 million with Lance Armstrong 's Livestrong Foundation for cancer research .
“ If you 're going to do it , why not here ? ” he said . “ When it went in , I did n't believe it . ”
Sakic said he used an 8-iron for the ace on the 167-yard hole . It was the fourth hole in one in the tournament 's 22-year history .
Sakic could not tell at first if the ball went in the cup , but he jumped in the air with his arms raised when he got the word it had bounced into the hole from in front of the pin . He exchanged high-fives with his playing partners , Trent Dilfer and Greg Maddux , then slapped hands with fans along the ropes as he made his way to the green .
Buy Photo Roller ramps leading to the truck bays in the Amazon Livonia Fulfillment Center in Livonia in July . The state is giving Amazon $ 4.5 million to ensure it opens a third facility in the state . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / The Detroit News ) Buy Photo
Michigan is giving Amazon $ 4.5 million for its previously announced fulfillment center in Shelby Township .
The Michigan Strategic Fund approved the request Tuesday for the grant , which will help create 1,025 new jobs and bring a capital investment of up to $ 40 million into the northern Macomb County community , officials said .
The Michigan Economic Development Corp. , which oversees the strategic fund , recommended approval because online retail giant demonstrated a need for funding for road improvements and to offset costs related to hiring workers .
The grant also would “ make the case that Michigan is the prime location for this project , ” according to the staff in its recommendation .
Earlier this month , Amazon confirmed it would create 1,000 full-time jobs when it opens a 1-million-square-foot fulfillment center in Shelby Township next year . Employees at the fulfillment centers will pick , pack and ship large items such as gardening tools , sporting equipment and household décor .
Since 2016 , Amazon has announced three fulfillment centers in Michigan and a corporate office in Detroit . With the fulfillment center in Shelby Township , Amazon 's workforce in Michigan will grow to 3,500 .
In December , the Michigan Strategic Fund awarded Amazon a $ 7.5 million Michigan Business Development Program performance-based grant to create 1,000 jobs for a fulfillment center in Livonia . Officials have said they hope to have that center in operation by this holiday season .
Amazon also received a second Michigan Business Development Program Grant award in June for $ 5 million to create 1,600 jobs and bring $ 140 million in investment to Romulus .
The fulfillment center in Shelby Township will be on the site of the former Visteon Corp. auto parts plant at 23 Mile and Mound .
Shelby Township Supervisor Rick Stathakis said last week the township is looking forward to the new tax revenue and “ successful reclamation of this former industrial plant . ”
cwilliams @ detroitnews.com
Twitter : CWilliams_DN
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2wisR7K
Gun ownership is an alien concept with our British cousins across the Atlantic , but that does n't mean that violent crime has been reduced . In fact , with no guns readily available , though there are gun crimes in the UK , knives seem to be the weapon of choice . This is n't surprising . The rise in knife attacks has been in the UK press since 2008–and they 've increased by 13 percent since last year ( via Sky News ) :
Knife crime has increased for the first time in many years , annual crime statistics have revealed . The figures show there were 1,577 more knife assaults ( up 13 % from the previous year ) and 1,000 more cases of knife possession ( up 10 % ) . Overall , knife crime rose by 2 % in the 12 months up to March this year , said the Office for National Statistics . The ONS [ Office for National Statistics ] report also revealed that sex offences rose by 37 % to the highest figure since 2003 , but it suggested this was the result of victims being more willing to report such offences , improvements in police recording methods and a significant number of reported historic sex attacks . The official figures for all crimes recorded by police show they went up by 3 % , with a particular rise of 23 % in violence against the person , but the ONS said that was purely because of changes in police recording methods .
In January , the Telegraph reported that violent crime , overall , rose by 16 percent . Yikes :
Violent crime recorded by the police soared by 16 per cent last year to nearly 700,000 offences , new figures show . Data from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) covering the 12 months to the end of September last year showed 699,800 recorded incidents of violence against the person compared with 604,100 offences in the previous 12 months . The data also showed a new record level of rapes recorded by police in England and Wales . There were 24,043 rapes in recorded crime figures for the year , a rise of 31 per cent on the previous 12 months and 81 per cent higher than a decade earlier . The figure beat the 22,000 figures recorded in the previous quarter 's data and suggests that continuing confidence in police and the courts is leading growing numbers of rape victims to come forward .
Even in 2008 and 2009 , there were reports about the surge in knife crime . In fact , in 2008 , the Daily Mail reported that there were 130,000 incidents that year , which averages out to be a knife assault every four minutes .
Concerning homicides in the UK , John Lott of the Crime Prevention Center noted that the rate spiked in Britain once the country ritually outlawed handguns in 1997 . It only began to drop when the UK added more police officers in 2003 and 2004 .
There are 4 guillotines right ?
-The Guillotine -Escape The Fate ( with Ronnie Radke )
-This War Is Ours ( Guillotine II ) -Escape the Fate
-The Aftermath ( Guillotine III ) -Escape The Fate
-The Final Chapter ( Guillotine IV ) -Falling In Reverse
Well , pretty soon there will be 4 games of Five Nights At Freddy 's . The last ones are both named “ the final chapter . ”
But wait . One popular theory was that Purple Guy was a prisoner . Ronnie Radke was in prison . He was then kicked out of Escape The Fate , and moved on to make a new band , Falling In Reverse .
When Ronnie left there were 4 members of ETF , one being each animatronic . When he made Falling in Reverse , those acted as the Toy Animatronics , replacements of the old ones .
If you listen to the album of “ The Drug In Me Is You ” , You can find that there are quite a few of messages to Escape the Fate .
Think back to the first game . Those Animatronics were the old ones , who were “ resurrected. ” The “ Bury The Hatchet ” tour was featuring both bands , to “ Bury the hatchet ” , resurrecting their friendships .
Well anyways , I do n't even care for this game and both bands are awesome so ye .
I have been producing for over 18 years and every single production I did can be found here . My personal 10 favorites ( in no particular order ) are :
Delerium feat . Sarah McLachlan - Silence ( Tiësto 's In Search Of Sunrise Remix ) DJ Tiësto - Adagio For Strings ( Original Mix ) DJ Tiësto - Lethal Industry Paul Oakenfold - Southern Sun ( DJ Tiësto Remix ) Dj Tiësto - Suburban Train ( Original Mix ) DJ Tiësto feat . BT - Love Comes Again ( Original Mix ) Conjure One feat . Sinead O´Conner - Tears From The Moon ( DJ Tiësto 's In Search Of Sunrise Mix ) Kane - Rain Down On Me ( Tiësto Remix ) Skin - Faithfulness ( Tiësto remix ) In the dark feat . Christian Burns
If you are interested in having your music created by or with me , then head over to Creating !
Pressing a category will take you there !
All albums I composed , produced or mixed can be found here .
All Remixes I did can be found here .
Every track I Composed and Produced can be found here .
Events I created and produced music for can be found here .
I have been considerably disempowered after writing about male disempowerment . Wading into the treacherous , virulent , oestrogen laden waters of modern feminism I have learnt that the gender wars are seen by many as a zero sum game , much like poker or derivatives trading .
After writing in the Australian last month about the limited discussion of male disempowerment in the context of domestic violence , I was treated to an orgy of abuse , threats and complete mis-representation . The attacks were distributed in the convergent media – online , mobile and television .
The article was partly in response to my own experience of seeing relatives and patients who had been violent to their partners . I despised them as a child and adolescent , but with maturity and an education , came to understand that they experienced the social upheaval forced upon them through migration as a kind of humiliation .
I was labeled a misogynist and a blamer of women . Threatening messages were left at my practice . Nurses at my psychiatric hospital in western Sydney took me aside to apply their counseling skills to the public assaults on my character . ‘ You 've really pissed some people off , doc . Are you OK ? ' This encounter occurred while actual patients were threatening self harm on the ward .
I had morphed into a wife beater and misogynist still pining for the patriarchy after suggesting violence is often an expression of underlying distress . It is alright to try and understand those sanctioned as bona fide victims oppressed by power , but anyone we see as privileged perpetrators are not entitled to exercises in illumination .
The saga was given extra juice for I was closely connected with the White Ribbon movement , a campaign whereby men wear a looped ribbon on their chest and encouraged other blokes not to bash women . My face was one of five to feature in their campaign . I had even gone to Pakistan a few years ago to help expand the campaign there , funded by AusAid . I met furtive , male activists in the cosmopolitan town of Lahore , female victims of abuse at the stronghold of Sufi mysticism in Multan and radicals who were incensed that violence against women was even stigmatised in the madrasah capital of Pakistan , the desert town of Bahawalpur .
Meanwhile , Western feminists remain focused on elite issues such as the pay of women on corporate boards or the wages of millionaire Hollywood actresses , as bemoaned by Patricia Arquette at the Oscars .
Fairfax polemicist Clementine Ford , described by Andrew Bolt as ‘ some feminist with bared tattoos ' , criticised my views for using the sneakiest , most privileged tool of the patriarchy , a ‘ veneer of reason . ' She also illustrated the ridiculousness of modern feminism being criticised as man hating , by writing ‘ I do n't have time for men 's woe-betide-me feelings . '
Two nights after my column was published , Labor politician Tim Watts spoke in federal Parliament calling for my resignation . I watched online bemused by it all . An emergency teleconference was held with the administrators of White Ribbon . They asked for a clarifying statement , only to publish a press release the following day outlining how the CEO Libby Davies was shocked and that I was sorry for my views . I was n't sorry for my views , only that they were so horribly misrepresented . The contradiction was highlighted further by White Ribbon Australia 's chief scientific advisor , Dr Michael Flood , who had co-authored several studies across the region confirming male disempowerment as a growing factor driving violence against women .
A British men 's group published a story titled ‘ Global feminism goes into meltdown as male supporter reveals he has a mind of his own . ' A parallel , splinter group also called White Ribbon focused on violence against both sexes , begun by the global founder of women 's shelters Erin Pizzey , wrote an open letter of support on their website . I later learnt that the local White Ribbon movement was embroiled in a legal wrangle with the Canadian site for using the name without permission . I felt like a newly adopted child caught amid divorce proceedings .
Male victims of violence emailed me their stories of abuse and I was invited to speak at an upcoming conference in Toronto about modern masculinity , all expenses paid . Several local academics wrote to me , on strict conditions of anonymity , to tell me about how difficult it was to speak openly and scientifically about this issue in their departments .
Fellow psychiatrist and Marxist writer , Dr Tad Tietze , told me that I was seen by sections of the Left as an ‘ Uncle Tom ' , a term used for race traitors . This struck a chord because my wife and family joked that my growing inability to tolerate chilli laden food was a sign I was becoming a coconut : dark on the outside , white within . I was condemned to befriend other such traitors of my ilk , such as self-hating Jews , house Negroes and bananas – those outwardly Chinese in appearance but eager to adopt white , middle class ways to ease their desire for social climbing .
The White Ribbon site continued to be mobbed by posts demanding my resignation . Despite the group being about men , the hundreds of angry posts were entirely from women . The following day , White Ribbon issued a statement that the calls for my resignation were so persistent that I had been asked to step down . In a final twist in keeping with the totalitarian character of the entire episode , in order to be reinstated , I would undergo a recommitment program to make sure my views were in keeping with the movement . I packed my ribbon away in a basement drawer and sheepishly returned to my practice , no longer an ambassador for the cause , and resumed writing prescriptions for psychoactive drugs .
He is not alone in that reckoning , although many people in both parties declined to be quoted by name given the tenuous politics of the issue . Besides a new president , the Senate could have a new majority leader next year , Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York , if Democrats win control , and he is unlikely to promote an issue that so divides the union-friendly party .
“ There is a pathway forward here , ” Mr. Froman said . “ And what we 're trying to do right now is just maximize the likelihood that we 'll be able to walk down that path successfully . ”
Whether that is wishful thinking or a real prospect will have to come into focus well before November because supporters would likely need to begin congressional hearings in September to clear the path for a vote in the lame-duck session of Congress after Election Day .
And the forces do seem aligned against the pact 's approval .
Months ago , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader who is pro-trade but worried about keeping Republican seats , ruled out a vote before the election . The so-called T.P.P . would phase out thousands of tariffs , open markets and impose new trade rules , including for labor rights and environmental standards , on signatory nations that span both sides of the Pacific , including Japan , Vietnam , Australia , Canada , Chile and Mexico .
And Mrs. Clinton appears to have put her finger on the scale against a vote in the lame-duck session . Asked by an anti-T.P.P . group if she would oppose a lame-duck vote on the accord if elected , Mrs. Clinton responded , “ I have said I oppose the T.P.P . agreement — and that means before and after the election . ”
`` He 's like fire and ice and rage . He 's like the night , and the storm in the heart of the sun . He 's ancient and forever . He burns at the center of time and he can see the turn of the universe . And ... he 's wonderful . ''
Artwork by Alice X. Zhang
I was commissioned by Big Chief Studios to do some moreart ! This is a portrait of the Tenth Doctor as played by David Tennant , and is a part of my official Doctor Who is a poster series . I really wanted to continue my ongoing theme of the Doctor + wonder , which began with `` The Roar of Our Stars '' piece I did last year.This painting took many many hours ( and tears ) and many reference images ... total painting time ... I lost count ... but I finished it sometime in August 2013 . Painted in Photoshop CS5 with a Wacom Cintiq tablet.Will be posting Nine and a special 50th Anniversary painting shortly too ! Thank you BCS & BBC for this awesome project !
The , Northern California 's largest zoological park and conservation center , periodically offers free admission for San Francisco residents .
This urban oasis , nestled against the Pacific Ocean , provides a comfortable climate all year round . You 'll enjoy seeing the 250 different animal species in naturalistic surroundings , along with their many zoo activities and events .
San Francisco Zoo Free Day
– Spring/Summer Hours : 10 am to 5 pm ( last admission is 4pm )
– Fall/Winter Hours : 10 am to 4 pm ( Last admission at 3pm )
Great Highway , between Skyline and Sloat Boulevards , next to the Pacific Ocean .
FREE for SF residents only ( valid ID required ) > Arrive in Early : Last admission to the Zoo on a free day is typically one hour before closing time ( 4pm in Spring/Summer or 3pm in Fall/Winter )
You must be a resident of San Francisco and bring one of the following : A valid driver 's license
A valid identification card
A utility , phone or other local bill that has your name and address , along with a current , valid photo I.D .
Free street parking is available for along Sloat Blvd . A pedestrian drop-off area is located on Sloat Blvd . and 47th Avenue with a grand walkway leading directly to the main entrance .
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme , which is no longer in operation . However , you might find this video at one of these links :
Video title :
Funny Trolley Problems
Upload date :
September 9 2016
Uploaded by :
VanDeGraph
Video description :
The trolley problem is a thought experiment where you can choose to save 5 people from a runaway trolley by pulling a switch and sending the trolley to kill 1 person . The internet being the internet did n't take it seriously and spawn many funny variations . This video contains 10 of my personal favourites . If you have a morbid sense of humour you will enjoy them too . Links to videos shown in end screen : Grandfather paradox by Minute Physics : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=XayNKY944lY Monty Hall Problem by Game Theory : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=QbX6-iNp3-Q Monty Hall Problem by me : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=SG9mAiGUdJE Prisoner 's Dilemma by BrainCraft : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=p1KU7i5hpM8 Nash Equilibrium ( Prisoner 's Dilemma ) by me : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sBT2eYqB85E Collatz Conjecture by Numberphile : https : //youtu.be/5mFpVDpKX70 Collatz Conjecture by me : Coming Soon # philosophy # meme # memes # animation # trains # morbid # humor # top10
Total views :
376
In Brief What if we could Predict when a cyberattack is going to occur before it actually happens and prevent it ? Is n't it revolutionary idea for Internet Security ?
Security researchers at MIT have developed a new Artificial Intelligence-based cybersecurity platform , called 'AI2 , ' which has the ability to predict , detect , and stop 85 % of Cyberattacks with high accuracy .
How Does AI2 Work ?
Video Demonstration
According to Nitesh Chawla , computer science professor at Notre Dame University , AI2 `` continuously generates new models that it can refine in as little as a few hours , meaning it can improve its detection rates significantly and rapidly . The more attacks the system detects , the more analyst feedback it receives , which , in turn , improves the accuracy of future predictions – that human-machine interaction creates a beautiful , cascading effect . ''
Cybersecurity is a major challenge in today 's world , as government agencies , corporations and individuals have increasingly become victims of cyberattacks that are so rapidly finding new ways to threaten the Internet that it 's hard for good guys to keep up with them.A group of researchers at MIT 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ) are working with machine-learning startup PatternEx to develop a line of defense against such cyber threats.The team has already developed an Artificial Intelligence system that can detect 85 percent of attacks by reviewing data from more thanand informs anything suspicious.The new system does not just rely on the artificial intelligence ( AI ) , but also on human input , which researchers call Analyst Intuition ( AI ) , which is why it has been given the name oforThe system first scans the content with unsupervised machine-learning techniques and then , at the end of the day , presents its findings to human analysts.The human analyst then identifies which events are actual cyberattacks and which are n't . This feedback is then incorporated into the machine learning system of AI2 and is used the next day for analyzing new logs.It 's simple : In its test , the team demonstrated that AI2 is roughly 3 times better than similar automated cyberattack detection systems used today . It also reduces the number of false positives by a factor of five.You can also watch the video for a quick overview of the way AI2 works.The team presented their work in a paper titled , PDF ] , last week at the IEEE International Conference on Big Data Security in New York City.So , let 's see how AI2 helps create The Internet the safer place and how long it will take to be implemented into large-scale security platforms in the near future .
Today marks the day of my 26th birthday in this beautiful , strange and awesome world . As I write these words I am watching the sun set behind a volcano over the surreal Lake Atitlan in Guatemala . If someone told me as a kid that this is where I would be spending the 26th anniversary of my birth , I would have been very confused and wondered how and why this was going to happen . Funny enough , I am still pondering those same questions , how did I end up here ? What factors in my life influenced me to become infatuated with traveling to strange lands , meeting new people and exposing myself to different things on a daily basis ? Am I doing what I should be for a typical 26-year-old American male ?
What are some of the things that people consider to be important for someone my age ?
Career – Well simply put I do n't have one of these . In fact I 'm currently unemployed besides doing a little travel writing on the web for small amounts of cash . Relationship – I find it hard to stay in the same city for more than 6 months without craving new adventures , try explaining that to a significant other… . Possessions- Everything I currently own is probably worth less than the computer you are reading this on and if I ca n't fit it into my backpack I do n't really need it . Education- I have a bachelor 's degree in Business , but my last job was teaching foreign kids English in Panama . However , I can honestly tell you that I 've learned more from traveling than I did in my 4 years of University . Experiences- Well I 've traveled to 43 countries , have friends all over the world and should probably write a book I have so many stories .
So Alex let me get this straight , you 've got no job , no girlfriend , a backpack full of cheap crap and smelly clothes , you are n't using your expensive college degree and you justify this because you 've traveled a bit… Is it really worth it ?
I remember an activity I did in elementary school with my class where we had to create a timeline of what we thought our life was going to be like in the future . My timeline and the majority of my classmates consisted of your typical , college – job – marriage – house – kids – retire . No one mentioned things such as visit a new continent or learn a new language or climb a mountain . Why is that ? What would the teacher have done if my timeline had looked something more like this :
College – Boring Office Job – Teach English in Thailand – Travel SE Asia – Bartend in a Brewery – Travel Eastern Europe – Start a Hangover Helping Business – Teach English in Panama – Go to Spanish School in Guatemala – Travel South America – ? ? ? ? ?
In all honesty , the teacher would have probably handed back the assignment and told the student to be a little more realistic . This is what frustrates me about the expectations placed on young people in the USA these days . There 's this unnecessary pressure to jump into a career as quickly as possible before we even really know who we are or what we want to do . Deciding what we want to do for THE REST OF OUR LIVES is an extremely important decision and not to be taken lightly . Why not try a variety of things , travel around a bit , see different ways of life and experience the world before taking a decision on what to dedicate life to ?
To answer the question of whether this lifestyle is worth it , my simple response is HELL YES it 's worth it . The single most important reason why is because for this brief period in my life I am truly experiencing ultimate freedom . While FREEDOM is a frequently used term in our great “ Land of the Free , Home of the Brave ” take a step back and analyze your life to see how free you actually are . Ask yourself this question . If your best friend offered you a one-way ticket to a country halfway around the world tomorrow to go live for an indeterminate amount of time with them , could you accept their invitation ? The answer is probably no . There are a number of factors that would inhibit your ability to just leave this world tomorrow for an adventure . The most obvious reason is your job . Even if you have money in the bank , you ca n't risk losing your job in an economy like this one . You probably have an apartment or a house that you need to sell or sublet . That house is probably full of furniture , a TV , and lots of other things that you do n't really need . You may have car payments , credit card debt , student loans that need to be paid off . A spouse or girlfriend would n't be too happy if you just took off one day… Maybe you have a dog , cat or even children that need to be taken care of . Beyond material things what about expectation from your parents , peers or even yourself ?
Now in no way am I saying that having these things is a negative thing and to be honest , besides the debt , I intend to have all of these things eventually . Just not right now… In the brief window where you are old enough to take care of yourself , but young enough not to have a lot of the things mentioned above this is a time when you can experience this ultimate freedom . Not until you journey across the ocean and cut yourself loose to truly experience what the world has to offer doing absolutely WHATEVER you want free from expectations , judgments and responsibilities can you really get to know who you are as a person . Slowly the closet full of clothes , TV , car , and shoe collection become unimportant and you realize you only need a few bare essentials to survive . This is a humbling lesson in our materialistic world and one that you will never learn in a book , lecture or movie . As I reflect on my mere 26 years of life I am astounded where my journey has taken me . Never in my wildest dreams would I have foreseen the wild adventures , awesome friends and strong lessons I have learned in this crazy life . Thanks world for a hell of a ride , I 'm stoked to be 26 , what will this next year bring ? ? ?
Written by Alex Vere-Nicoll
BAXTER COUNTY ( KATV ) - A Baxter County man shot another person Friday who had reportedly attacked him with a tool .
Sheriff 's deputies were called to a building on Canvasback Drive located Northwest of Mountain Home . The caller said there had been a disagreement between the two men . One was reportedly hit in the head with a pipe and the other was shot .
Both men were taken to an area hospital for treatment .
Investigators said the witness who called 911 and one of the two men , 49-year-old James William Kirk , were living in a shop building owned by the second man , 58-year0old Gregory Milo High , of rural Mountain Home .
It is believed the two men started arguing and the fight turned physical . Kirk reportedly hit High in the forehead with a 24 inch crescent wrench and High shot Kirk with a 9mm Berretta semi-automatic handgun in the upper thigh area of the left leg .
High was treated and released from a hospital Friday afternoon . At last check , Kirk was still in the ICU with what was believed to be non-life threatening injuries .
No word yet what started the fight .
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world . Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism 's basic pledge : to serve society with a truthful , intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events .
By signing up you agree to receive email about events , articles , offers , and the impact of The Walrus in your community . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Earlier this year , I explored the question of whether the office of school trustee had become the political equivalent of the human appendix—a shriveled and anachronistic organ that does little except periodically flare up and afflict us .
Canada 's trustee system predates Confederation . But the current approach to education funding , curriculum development and collective bargaining means that the lion 's share of power lies in the hands of provincial education ministries—not local officials . Despite this administrative reality , we persist in holding elections for school board trustees .
In Quebec , where turnout in these elections had dropped to the low single digits , the Liberal government has tabled a bill that replaces elected trustees with appointed school councils ( a move that has drawn some blowback from Anglophone parent groups ) . No other province has followed suit , but a pair of developments relating to the Toronto District School Board suggests a different cure .
First , Ontario government officials quietly engineered the departure of Donna Quan , the TDSB 's director of education , who played a starring role in most of the board 's recent scandals ( many of them itemized in this scathing report commissioned last year by the province 's education minister ) . Quan has been moved into the ministry to oversee a research project , paving the way for the appointment this week of John Malloy , a senior provincial education official and former head of the Hamilton-Wentworth school board , as interim director .
Second , the Toronto Star disclosed that a long-suppressed report on the TDSB 's governance problems , authored by former mayor Barbara Hall , had found its way onto an unsecured page of the provincial government 's website . It 's not entirely clear whether the document was posted by accident , or if some Liberal special ops team had engineered the leak to float an idea or two . Either way , the news hit was that Hall had told the Liberals in no uncertain terms that they needed to either parachute in a supervisor to take command of the wayward and freshly beheaded TDSB , or consider breaking the giant organization into two or more parts .
Hall made numerous other recommendations , but those were the ones that got the media 's attention , and delivered the intended shot across the TDSB 's bow . ( Malloy 's former gig—he was an assistant deputy minister—suggests Queen 's Park has , in fact , parachuted in one of its own as the needed supervisor . )
But Howard Goodman , a former trustee who once found himself in an ugly fight with Quan , says the most important and far-reaching recommendation is actually the mostly ignored number fourteen , which calls on the government to expand the pool of potential candidates for the top TDSB job .
Ironically , while the TDSB is by far the largest school board in Canada ( its $ 3.1-billion operating budget is larger than Newfoundland 's entire health spend ) , the trustees are handcuffed in whom they can hire to actually run this leviathan . One requirement : an Ontario teaching certificate . This is premised on the idea that the chief executive must have some experience in an Ontario classroom .
The rule is absurd , as can be demonstrated by performing a thought experiment involving other professions and institutions . Do we need engineers or vehicle operators to run transit agencies ? Doctors to run hospitals or health ministries ? Lawyers to run the court system ? Certainly , there are a few professions in which the cultural connection between rank-and-file and top-dog is prohibitively tight—law enforcement , for example . But in most cases , administrative and financial skills comprise their own specialty , distinct from the service mission of the underlying industry .
Goodman points out that Ontario 's last six deputy ministers of education would not have been qualified to head the TDSB . “ The guy who is running the entire system is n't even allowed to run the smallest school board , ” he says .
Why is this rule in place ? Goodman does n't know . But he speculates that it may be intended to mollify the teachers ' unions .
The TDSB 's last two directors both flamed out spectacularly : former football-star-turned-educator Chris Spence , for plagiarism ; and Quan , a long-time TDSB bureaucrat , for excessive secrecy , bullying and defiance of trustees .
In Spence 's case , three far more qualified candidates—including a top school board administrator from the United States , and a highly regarded education academic from British Columbia—had applied during the same period ; and both were considered excellent candidates . But the American pulled out before his candidacy could be vetted and the education minister of the day , one Kathleen Wynne , vetoed the other two applications because they did n't meet the stated requirements .
In the case of Quan , a longtime superintendent who was appointed after Spence went down in flames , the trustees took the path of the least resistance : They hired an insider , and then congratulated themselves for picking an Asian-Canadian woman .
Of course , it 's impossible to know how those earlier rejected candidates would have performed . But if we 're looking for the tipping point in what by now has become a TDSB perma-crisis over the past four years or so , a good place to start would be Wynne 's decision to dismiss two non-Ontarians who had been identified as promising candidates by an internal hiring process .
The role of trustees is to set policy , while leaving the operational minutiae to the bureaucrats . But Quan , according to many accounts , played favorites and cut side deals with certain trustees—setting in place a corrosive dynamic that encouraged elected officials to scheme and interfere in day-to-day operations ( e.g. , demanding that certain principals or superintendents be moved to other wards ) .
Hall herself recommends that the province open up the hiring rules to allow out-of-province applicants with teaching certificates who also have finance and management skills . But Goodman correctly argues that this does n't go far enough—because the certificate requirement would still exclude legions of super-bureaucrats with the chops to steer an ocean liner such as the TDSB .
The provincial government 's response to the supposedly leaked document ? “ We will release our next steps as a result of the report in the coming days , ” a spokesperson for education minister Liz Sandals told me by email . “ By working together with the TDSB , we will be able to improve governance at the board , and ensure that everyone is focused on student achievement and well-being . ”
Those are nice goals . But without the right person at the top , they are unlikely to be realized .
You may think a third Tron movie is n't going to happen , but all hope is not completely lost . The potential director , Joseph Kosinski , spoke at a Tron : Legacy screening this week and explained that the film is currently in “ cryogenic freeze , ” but it was going to be a real world invasion movie .
Kosinski , who directed Tron : Legacy , spoke with Collider about the sequel . He said the film , called Tron : Ascension , was about eight months away from production with a script that was 80 percent ready to go . But then Disney took over Marvel . Then it bought Lucasfilm . And suddenly , the company had way more genre films than it could handle . So Tron took a back seat .
Advertisement
“ It 's not dead , ” Kosinski said . “ It 's alive , but it 's sitting there , waiting for the right time to move forward . ”
Whether or not it happens , this marks the first time Kosinski has explained the plot of the potential film :
What I 'm excited about is the concept , which is an invasion movie from inside the machine coming out as opposed to one we 've usually seen . So we hinted at that at the end of Legacy with Quorra coming out , but the idea for Ascension was a movie that was , the first act was in the real world , the second act was in the world of TRON , or multiple worlds of TRON , and the third act was totally in the real world . And I think that really opens up , blows open the concept of TRON in a way that would be thrilling to see on screen . But there 's also a really interesting character study in Quorra and a “ Stranger in a Strange Land , ” trying to figure out where she belongs having lived in the real world for a few years , and where does she fit in .
Advertisement
Without a doubt , that sounds cool . And a blend of the real world and the Grid feels like a fertile place to explore . However , with no end to the Marvel or Star Wars train in sight , it feels like Disney is n't really too worried about making this likely expensive and risky sequel . I do n't think it 's going to happen—but you never know .
Kosinksi went on to talk about the potential for the story to be on TV ( unlikely , but never say never ) and also how characters from the Grid would act in the real world ( not as superheroes ) . Head to the below link to read all that . It may be as close as you ever get to a Tron 3 .
[ Collider ]
This week , GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump openly speculated that this election would be `` rigged . '' Last month , Russia decided to take an active role in our election . There 's no basis for questioning the results of a vote that 's still months away . But the interference and aspersions do merit a fresh look at the woeful state of our outdated , insecure electronic voting machines .
We 've previously discussed the sad state of electronic voting machines in America , but it 's worth a closer look as we approach election day itself , and within the context of increased cyber-hostilities between the US and Russia . Besides , by now states have had plenty of warning since a damning report by the Brennan Center for Justice about our voting machine vulnerabilities came out last September . Surely matters must have improved since then .
Well , not exactly . In fact , not really at all .
Rise of the Machines
Most people remember the vote-counting debacle of the 2000 election , the dangling chads that resulted in the Supreme Court breaking a Bush-Gore deadlock . What people may not remember is the resulting Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) , passed in 2002 , which among other objectives worked to phase out the use of the punchcard voting systems that had caused millions of ballots to be tossed .
In many cases , those dated machines were replaced with electronic voting systems . The intentions were pure . The consequences were a technological train wreck .
“ People were n't thinking about voting system security or all the additional challenges that come with electronic voting systems , ” says the Brennan Center 's Lawrence Norden . “ Moving to electronic voting systems solved a lot of problems , but created a lot of new ones . ”
The list of those problems is what you 'd expect from any computer or , more specifically , any computer that 's a decade or older . Most of these machines are running Windows XP , for which Microsoft has n't released a security patch since April 2014 . Though there 's no evidence of direct voting machine interference to date , researchers have demonstrated that many of them are susceptible to malware or , equally if not more alarming , a well-timed denial of service attack .
“ When people think that people think about doing something major to impact our election results at the voting machine , they think they 'd try to switch results , ” says Norden , referring to potential software tampering . “ But you can do a lot less than that and do a lot of damage… If you have machines not working , or working slowly , that could create lots of problems too , preventing people from voting at all . ”
The extent of vulnerability is n't just hypothetical ; late last summer , Virginia decertified thousands of insecure WinVote machines . As one security researcher described it , “ anyone within a half mile could have modified every vote , undetected ” without “ any technical expertise. ” The vendor had gone out of business years prior .
The WinVote systems are an extreme case , but not an isolated one . Other voting machine models have potentially vulnerable wireless components ; Virginia 's just the only one where a test proved how bad the situation was .
The worst part about the current state of voting machines is that they do n't even require outside interference to undo an election . “ They 're all computers . They run on tens of thousands of lines of code , ” says Norden . “ It 's impossible to have a perfectly secure , perfectly reliable computer . ”
That 's true , but in fairness , most computers are n't quite this imperfect , either .
A Good Kind of Audit
So electronic voting machines are n't ideal . The good news is , it 's entirely possible to mitigate any potential harm they might cause , either by malice or mistake .
First , it 's important to realize that electronic voting machines are n't as commonplace as one might assume . Three-quarters of the country will vote on a paper ballot this fall , says Pamela Smith , president of Verified Voting , a group that promotes best practices at the polls . Only five states—Delaware , Georgia , Louisiana , South Carolina , and New Jersey—use “ direct recording electronic ” ( DRE ) machines exclusively . But lots of other states use electronic machines in some capacity . Verified Voting also has a handy map of who votes using what equipment , which lets you drill down both to specific counties and machine brands , so you can see what 's in use at your polling station .
More than half of the states conduct post-election auditing , by checking vote totals against paper records , to ensure that the votes are accurate . Both Smith and Norden agree that this sort of auditing is the single best way to guarantee confidence in election results , as does MIT computer scientist Ronald Rivest , who has written extensively [ PDF ] on voting machine issues .
The problem is that not every state does post-election audits . And even some that require them by law , namely Pennsylvania and Kentucky , do n't actually use voter-verifiable paper trails , meaning they have no way to complete an audit . And progress toward more and better auditing is slow ; Maryland just put an auditable system in place this year , Smith says , and will pilot it during the fall election . Over a dozen states still have no audit procedure at all .
The problem with putting these auditing systems in place is the same one keeping more reliable voting machines from the booths in the first place : a lack of money and political will . There 's new voting equipment out there that 's much more secure than the machines states purchased in bulk a decade or more ago , but only a handful of states and municipalities—Rhode Island , DC , and parts of Wisconsin among them—have upgraded in the past year .
“ The money 's not there right now , ” says Norden . “ We interviewed election officials who told us what they were hearing from their state legislators and others who would be funding this type of equipment , and they say come back to us after there 's some kind of crisis . ”
Which , if they wait long enough , is exactly what they 're going to get .
Rigging the Vote
For what it 's worth , electronic voting machines have been this hackable in previous elections as well , and there 's no indication—even in Virginia—that there 's ever been any interference .
This year feels different though , in no small measure because of Russia 's alleged responsibility for the DNC hack . If Putin went so far as release those emails , would he pursue a direct assault on our vulnerable voting machines as well ?
The short answer ? Nyet .
“ Putin 's not very nice , but he 's not stupid , ” says Ryan Maness , a visiting fellow at Northeastern University who specializes in international cyber conflict and Russian foreign policy . “ If they were going to mess with the voting machines and the vote-counting software , they would n't have done the DNC hack . ”
Maness argues that the DNC hack and subsequent email release has put a spotlight on Russia . The blowback from such direct interference in a United States election would be too severe . Besides , Maness says , Putin 's main objective was likely to embarrass Hillary Clinton , rather than elevate Trump . And he 's certainly achieved that much already .
But even if Maness is wrong , the even better news is that the three states that will likely decide the election—Florida , Ohio , and Pennsylvania—have voting machines that are in relatively good shape . Florida has an audit requirement in place , while Ohio not only conducts audits , Smith says , it has an `` automatic recount provision , '' where close races trigger a manual recount without requiring a candidate to request one . `` Pennsylvania is of the most concern '' among those three , says Smith , `` based on the fact they have so many paperless DREs in use . '' Even there , though , election officials will actively deploy paper ballots in the event that those machines fail .
Still , unlikelihood that Russia would tamper with our voting machines has n't lifted the sense of unease around the election . When Donald Trump suggests the election might be `` rigged , '' he 's referring to a host of potential disruptions , from the times and dates of scheduled debates to whatever else he might bend to his narrative . In November , should he lose , he 'll find the voting machines to be an easy target .
That suspicion is the real danger of electronic voting systems , and especially of those that ca n't be easily or effectively audited . If you ca n't guarantee that there was no tampering—which not every state can—it might not matter if any actually took place . In the wrong hands , the doubt itself is damaging enough .
on •
We will be celebrating our oldest child 's fifth birthday in about a month . We will also be continuing a tradition we began two years ago—politely requesting “ no gifts ” at his party.Our parenting choices are apparently part of a growing trend . In a New York Times article entitled “ Cake , but No Presents , Please , ” author Tina Kelley states the following :
In part to teach philanthropy and altruism , and in part as a defense against swarms of random plastic objects destined to clutter every square foot of their living space , a number of families are experimenting with gift-free birthday parties , suggesting that guests donate money or specified items to the charity of the child 's choice instead .
To be sure , “ no-gift ” children 's birthday parties are still more counter-cultural than commonplace . A blogger on workitmom.com who had just RSVPed to two such parties in one month was still struggling with the idea , noting that “ it fe [ lt ] strange going to a kid 's birthday party without a gift . It 's just something that seems absolutely core to the experience , rightly or wrongly . Adult birthdays ? That 's another story . ”
Recently , my brother and some close friends of ours with young children have asked us why we do what we do . I 've told them some version of the following :
Critique of greed and materialism : We do n't want our children to grow up thinking of gifts as the highlight of their birthdays or as the reason why we host parties for them . We want them to enjoy playing with their friends without asking or secretly wondering , “ So , what did you get for me ? ”
Hospitality : We do n't want to overload our guests with obligations . We are always happy when our children get invited to parties , but it 's not always easy for us to juggle nap schedules with schlepping them to the parties with figuring out childcare ( e.g. , if only one child has been invited ) on top of buying or making a present for the birthday child beforehand . So , in service to our guests , we try to remove as many of those potential complications as possible ( e.g. , by inviting the guest 's entire family to attend ) . By stipulating “ no gifts , please , ” we also eliminate the perception that a present is their de facto admission ticket to our child 's party .
Better stewardship of time and resources : for the past two years , we have invited guests at our son 's birthday party to channel their gift-giving kindness to people with greater need instead , such as our son 's school , UNICEF , Habitat for Humanity , or their charity of choice . Approximately 13 families ended up coming to our son 's fourth birthday party . I 'm not sure how much they ordinarily would have spent on a gift for him , but we if assume $ 10 per family , then last year $ 130 was either donated to charity or otherwise saved ( by not being spent ) . That is a sizeable amount of money , particularly in today 's hard economic times . We believe that the common good was served better this way than if those 13 families had spent time and money buying gifts for our child that he really did n't need .
These are values , in short , that emerge from my feminist and Christian commitments .
( In case you are wondering , our “ no gift ” birthday party policy was a natural extension of our more than decades long practice of donating to various charities in lieu of buying or exchanging gifts for ( adult ) family members on Christmas . Because holiday gift-giving is such a large part of mainstream White American culture , it took several years for my husband 's family to come around . They have since come to see our practice as “ win-win ” for everyone , particularly since they no longer have to add our names to their long Christmas shopping lists ) .
Thankfully , we are not the only family in our community or circle of friends who do what we do . The most popular alternative to gifts that we 've seen is a book or CD exchange , where every child brings a wrapped book or CD that she has outgrown and ends up going home with another . To this day , some of my boys ' favorite bedtime stories have come from gently used books they have received through these exchanges at their friends ' birthday parties .
Still , all of us parents who host “ no gift ” birthday parties know that there are detractors . The guru of etiquette , Judith Martin of “ Miss Manners , ” has poo-pooed the idea with this sharp critique : “ People seem to forget that you ca n't spend other people 's money , even for a good cause… . Do you really want the birthday child to grow up hating philanthropy because it 's done him out of his birthday presents ? ”
I have no worries that my children will end up resenting charity , but I have had to entertain real concern from some loved ones that our children will grow up feeling ( comparatively ) deprived . To be sure , we spent a lot of effort on party decorations , invited lots of their friends , and served a full meal ( and plan to do so for the foreseeable future for both kids ) , so we believe that our kids see how “ special ” birthday celebrations are from ordinary gatherings .
Still , I empathize with one thoughtful parent 's question on ParentDish– “ Is it fair to ask our children to be different from their friends ? ” Her response to her own question is equally worth reposting :
That 's a tough question and a difficult choice to make , as a parent . It 's risky . Your child could respond by craving whatever it is he is missing out on . But it could also be the entry point for a really interesting conversation about a complex issue . “ Do you need more toys ? What 's the difference between needing and wanting ? ” It is important for children to know that their parents are not making arbitrary decisions , but , rather , choices based on beliefs and principles….We live in an enormously privileged country , and…it 's easy to want more and more and more without recognizing how much we already have . Does my son hear what I 'm saying ?
Last year , I totally admit that we as parents did n't do a sufficient job explaining to our four-year old the reasons why he would n't be receiving any gifts from his friends ( only from family ) . By that age , he had attended so many birthday parties that he had come to recognize that presents were one of their key features ( along with “ the happy birthday song ” over cake and candles , a piñata , and goody bags ) and thus was confused as to why his party was different from others . In our defense , we had told our son in advance not to expect gifts from guests , but apparently our explanations had n't really sunken in .
This year , we have vowed to do a better job in explaining our values and commitments to our son . We even had our first conversation about the matter last week . Let 's hope for more understanding time around !
Let me close by adding that it is not my intention to shame parents who host birthday parties for their children in the traditional way ( i.e. , with presents from guests ) . I fully recognize that there are other ways for those who share our values ( of anti-greed/materialism , hospitality , good stewardship ) to live them out without going the “ no gift ” birthday party route . To use the words of a book that is still wildly popular in some Christian circles , I also understand that some people 's primary “ love language ” is “ receiving gifts ” ( as opposed to words of affirmation , quality time , acts of service , or physical touch ) and so it can seem downright cruel to them to either discourage guests from buying presents or to prevent their children from receiving them .
So I can in all honesty respect the decisions other parents make . For the reasons previously described , however , we have chosen a different path for our family .
Grace Yia-Hei Kao is Associate Professor of Ethics at Claremont School of Theology . She is the author of Grounding Human Rights in a Pluralist World ( Georgetown University Press , 2011 ) . While currently on sabbatical , she is working on her second book project and two co-edited books , in addition to carving artificial pumpkins in preparation for her son 's upcoming Halloween-themed fifth birthday party .
Advertisements
Categories : consumerism , Family , General , stewardship
EXPLORE THE DATA :
•Data Table : all media mentions
•Interactive map
•Interactive graphic
•Data Table : media mentions by publication
Devin Gardner crumpled to the ground after Michigan 's failed two-point conversion attempt against Ohio State .
In football terms , it was a devastating loss . Financially , Gardner represented eight figures in economic benefit for Michigan , lying in the Michigan Stadium turf .
Analysis by The Michigan Daily shows that in direct revenues , a player like Gardner can add $ 5.5 million to the University per year . In free advertising alone , Gardner generating more than $ 8 million through media exposure over one month .
The current NCAA system , which prohibits monetary compensation to student athletes , makes it impossible to precisely evaluate a player 's market value . But as the debate over player compensation continues , the question is as important as ever .
Less than a month ago , the high-profile case , Ed O'Bannon V. NCAA , granted class certification to current and future players who are seeking a cut of television revenue and ticket sales for college revenue sports . In 2009 , The Atlantic published a 15,000-word article titled , “ The Shame of College Sports. ” Earlier this year , Business Insider estimated that the average Michigan football player was worth $ 470,000 .
But for higher-profile players , the revenue potential can soar . The analysis shows that over three years as a starter at wide receiver and quarterback , Gardner can be expected to add upwards of $ 16.5 million to Michigan in direct revenues , with many more millions in advertising and exposure for the university .
Gardner , like the rest of the NCAA 's 450,000 athletes , will receive no direct monetary compensation , though he does receive a scholarship .
THE $ 5.5-MILLION MEN
In 2011 , Robert Brown , a professor of economics at California State University , San Marcos , published a paper in the peer-reviewed Journal of Sports Economics . In it , he estimated the marginal revenue of a NFL-caliber college football player using financial data from 2004-05 . Since then , Michigan 's football revenues have ballooned from $ 46.4 million in 2004-05 to $ 85.2 million in 2011-12 under Athletic Directors Bill Martin and Dave Brandon , the current head of the Athletic Department .
The idea , Brown said , is to control for other factors , and then find “ what an additional NFL-quality college player produces for his football team revenues . ”
In 2011-12 figures , Brown 's model estimates an average NFL-caliber player adds roughly $ 5.5 million in direct revenues each year .
For a star player like former Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson , Texas A & M 's Johnny Manziel or , to a lesser degree , Gardner , that figure can climb much higher .
“ At that extreme level , you ca n't even say how much , ” said Lawrence Kahn , a professor of economics at Cornell Univeristy , referring to players like Robinson or Manziel . “ All you can say is he 's , I 'm sure , way more valuable that the average NFL draftable player . ”
That is likely true of most quarterbacks who play at Michigan , a school that typically creates NFL-caliber players at the position that often become the face of the program .
“ You take Gardner , and you put him at Utah State , he 's not going to generate the revenues obviously that he will at Michigan , ” Brown said .
For Gardner , the current quarterback , the conservative $ 5.5-million estimate puts his value to the program at $ 16.5 million over a three-year career as a starter .
The players do receive compensation , including scholarships , apparel , travel , training and meals . According to the Knight Commission , Michigan spent $ 273,863 on each scholarship football player in 2011 , ninth most in the nation . For comparison , that 's more than 10 times the $ 26,345 it averages in academic spending for all students .
But James Duderstadt , University president from 1988 to 1996 , says that figure is inflated by factors other than direct spending on athletes .
“ The fallacy on that is that , in fact , the ( $ 273,863 ) that is spent on each student is primarily spent on coaches and staff salaries , ” Duderstadt said . In 2011 , Michigan spent $ 8.76 million on salaries for coaches , support staff and administration .
The athletes , he said , are “ the people that are generating the wealth , but the wealth is going to athletic directors , coaches , conference commissioners . None of it , I would add , really goes to the universities . ”
IN EXPOSURE VALUE , MORE VALUES
The study 's $ 5.5-million annual figure includes direct revenue sources such as television revenues and ticket sales . But it ignores indirect sources like jersey sales and media exposure .
Jersey sales receive the bulk of the attention , but for universities , they account for a tiny fraction of total revenues . Even with Manziel , the most attention grabbing in the country , Texas A & M earned just $ 59,690 on all jersey sales for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 2013 , according to ESPN . Jersey sales account for 1.1 percent of licensing revenue , according to the Collegiate Licensing Company .
Most teams , like Texas A & M , take 10 percent of the wholesale cost in royalties . Michigan takes 12 percent . Jersey sales are lucrative for the manufacturers and retailers , but not for the schools themselves .
The real money comes from the free advertising generated by players like Gardner . To estimate the value of Gardner 's exposure , the Daily commissioned analysis from the Ann Arbor-based Joyce Julius and Associates , a research firm that specializes in measuring and evaluating corporate sponsorships . The company looked at Gardner 's media exposure on television , print and online for August — a month with just one game — and September .
“ We 're basically saying , ‘ OK , how many people saw or hear the message or heard the article or story ' of whatever the topic was that we were monitoring , ” said Eric Schwartz , president and executive director of research of Joyce Julius and Associates . “ Say Devin was mentioned on SportsCenter , we would value that mention based on the number of folks that were watching that particular broadcast . ”
In other words , the company determined how many people each piece of media reached , and evaluated how much money the University would otherwise have to spend to reach a similar-sized audience .
The results revealed an enterprise even more profitable than on-field revenues . In the two months analyzed , Gardner was mentioned or appeared in an article 7,565 times , reaching an audience of 702 million people . That was worth $ 15.6 million in free advertising in just two months , for a team that struggled early on .
Of the media exposure , a majority of the value – $ 11.7 million – came from Internet news sources . Another $ 2.4 million came from print media and $ 1.5 million from television news .
Most of the value came during the month of September — about $ 11 million compared to the $ 4.5 million in August .
Of course , NCAA rules prohibit any monetary compensation and puts restrictions on transfers and other forms of compensation . Economists , including Brown , describe the NCAA as a cartel operating in what they call a monopsony — one buyer for labor but many sellers .
“ Because they restrict the pay , there 's exploitation , ” Brown said . “ Players are worth more than the compensation they receive . That 's the bottom line . ”
JERUSALEM — In the Middle East , it seems , you never know what is right around the corner . Or , as in the case of this weekend , barely above the clouds .
Just as it seemed the rhetorical war between Israel and Iran was subsiding , a wasp-like drone entered Israeli airspace and was downed by the Israeli air force over a populated area , shattering that new complacency .
In the 10 days since Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech at the United Nations , in which he specified that the next substantial reassessment of Iranian nuclear intentions should take place by `` spring of 2013 , '' implying there would be no military action against the Islamic Republic before next summer , Jerusalem had been witness to a notable calming of nerves and oratory .
A number of factors seemed to have shifted the Israeli position from a state of constant warning to a more measured assessment of the nuclear threat . According to Meir Javedanfar , an expert on Iran at the Interdisciplinary Center , Herzliya , one factor is that Israelis have been watching the burgeoning social protests in Iran and the growing strain international sanctions have imposed on the Iranian economy .
More from GlobalPost : The drone age : The dangerous proliferation of unmanned aircraft
`` The Israeli public sees what is happening in Iran , and that obviously makes them much more concerned about the legitimacy of going to war , '' he said . `` Also , Israelis have seen the backlash from the Obama administration following Netanyahu 's repeated calls to attack , or to set down public red lines — and that has put a supreme strain on our US relations , which is not popular in Israel . ''
Several other matters seem also to have come into play , including the growing political isolation of Netanyahu , who himself faces elections some time in 2013 .
Just under the political radar , a rift between the right wing prime minister and his even more hawkish foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , appears to have made it plain to Netanyahu that continuing to threaten Iran with a unilateral strike , and continuing to goad Obama with the threat of Israeli military action , could provoke significant political setback .
Lieberman seems convinced by internal foreign ministry research showing that sanctions are having a significant effect and may even be weakening the Iranian regime .
The strategic leak of that assessment made the day of Netanyahu 's speech at the United Nations , appears to have achieved its goal of warning Netanyahu that his coalition faced a significant challenge .
For one , Netanyahu could not convincingly threaten Iran if the support of his own ministers was in question .
`` The foreign ministry issued a report saying that the sanctions are having a major effect , and Netanyahu hated this . In a case such as this , when the ministry professionals come to a conclusion that the politicians do n't like , the matter goes straight to the minister , '' said Alon Liel , the former director general of Israel 's Foreign Ministry .
`` So I think Lieberman was influenced by real intelligence . ''
In addition to evidence of the sanctions ' success , Liel said , conflict in Iran over support for the embattled regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria , has caught Israeli 's attention . The foreign minister , Liel points out , has recently started mentioning a `` Persian Spring '' in 2013 . ''
`` They 've basically thrown $ 10 billion into the sea trying to shore up Assad . I think Lieberman has come to believe that there is nothing immediate to worry about , and this isolates the prime minister , at this point , from his foreign minister , his defense minister , from the president of the state and from the military high command . He must have seen how isolated he is . ''
The record of political personages listed by Liel include the top rank of those who have publicly come out and condemned the notion that Israel could unilaterally strike Iran 's nuclear capacities , and delay Iran 's nuclear production .
But two developments of the past weekend threaten , once again , may upend the working assumptions .
On Saturday , an unmanned aerial vehicle , more commonly called a drone , made its way down the Mediterranean coast before turning inland over Gaza and then flying well into Israeli airspace .
While the Israeli army has yet to say what the drone was doing , or who sent it , the veteran military analyst for Yedioth Acharaonoth , an Israeli daily , has accused Iran of furnishing Hezbollah , in Lebanon , with the drone , as a warning to Israel .
The assessment , which has not been denied , points to the opening of a new and more belligerent front .
Simultaneously , Iran may be changing its own tone .
Israeli media has been pointing to an interview granted by the hardline Iranian foreign minister , Ali Akbar Salehi , with the German magazine Der Spiegel , in which he floats the notion of a possible `` trade-off . ''
`` If our right to enrichment is recognized , '' Salehi said , `` we are ready for a trade-off . We would , on a voluntary basis , limit the amount of our enrichment . ''
The grade of nuclear enrichment has been Netanyahu 's primary concern , and was highlighted in his UN speech by the use of a graphic ticking bomb .
Salehi added that Iran would require `` a guaranteed supply '' of appropriate fuels from abroad , for this trade-off to become a possibility .
Exclusive
By Raïssa Robles
“ She can sue me . ”
If you recall , this is what Senator Vicente Sotto III said after it emerged that he might have plagiarized a US blogger in a speech he made before the Senate .
Sotto first publicly issued this challenge to blogger Sarah Pope after his chief-of-staff Hector Villanueva had gotten in touch with Pope in connection with Sotto 's lifting of certain passages word for word from her blog The healthyhomeeconomist .
Senator Sotto then told the Philippine Daily Inquirer , the country 's largest newspaper :
“ Ang tanong doon may copyright ba iyong blog niya ? Kung may copyright iyong blog niya , either dapat mag sorry ako or mag-apologize ako . Or idemanda niya ako [ The question is , is her blog covered by a copyright ? If the blog has copyright , either I say sorry or I apologize . Or she can sue me ] , ” said Sotto .
Here 's the link to the rest of the PDI story where Sotto talked only about Bishop Sarah Pope and totally ignored the other American bloggers he seems to have lifted from .
Sotto 's office then pointed out that the Philippines has no law against plagiarism . Therefore , Sotto ca n't be sued in court .
What Sotto and his staff forgot was that by the time Sotto had delivered all three of his speeches on the Senate floor , he had plagiarized from four US-hosted blogs , one briefing paper from the US and one speech by a dead US Senator .
All these works are covered by US Copyright Law . Even the copyright on Senator Robert Kennedy 's speech has not lapsed to this day .
You can read my previous stories on Sotto 's lifting from US-based bloggers , a briefing paper and a speech :
UPDATE : Senator Sotto lifted from 5 bloggers and 1 briefing paper
Did Sen. Sotto copy from 5 bloggers ?
Did Sen. Sotto just lie on national TV ?
US blogs are covered by copyright
According to a Filipino-American lawyer named Steve – yes , the same Steve who had tipped me off early this year about the California property of former Chief Justice Renator Corona 's daughter Charina – well , Steve told me that blogs in the US are definitely covered by copyright .
I also asked the same question of JJ Disini , who holds a Master of Laws degree from Harvard Law School and who specializes in Technology Law and Intellectual Property . Disini , who teaches at the University of the Philippines College of Law , told me :
US law protects blogs via copyright .
In a separate interview , I asked Senator Sotto 's Chief-of Staff Hector Villacorta whether the senator was aware that American bloggers ' online websites and content are covered by copyright . Villacorta who is a lawyer replied to me :
I do n't know . I 'm not familiar with the US law on copyright .
If US bloggers sue , they can attach Sotto 's Nevada properties
Since Senator Sotto owns two real properties in Nevada , USA , the Fil-Am lawyer named Steve pointed out that Sotto indeed has a physical presence in the US through his two real properties and is therefore well within the reach of US law .
Steve explained to me that if , say , Pope sues Sotto for copyright infringement :
Assuming that Ms. Pope sues and she prevails in the civil suit , the penalty is typically actual damages OR statutory damages . Statutory damage may range from the sum of not less than $ 750 or not more than $ 30,000 as the court considers just . Enforcement of this judgment may be had via writ of execution thru attachment , garnishment etc… So if Ms. Pope is made aware that Sen. Sotto has properties in the US , yes Ms. Pope may very well attach said properties .
Steve gave this link to explain how the amount of damages is calculated .
And this link to explain how judgments in these kinds of suits are enforced
I asked Atty . Villacorta whether Senator Sotto is aware that in case US bloggers who might accuse him of copyright infringement sue him for it , his two properties could be garnished in the suit .
Villacorta replied to me today :
No comment ako dahil hindi ako familiar sa US law tungkol sa property . [ No comment , because I 'm not familiar with US property law . ]
I asked the same question of Atty . Disini , which I worded this way : Sotto owns two houses in Nevada . Does his having these put him within reach of any copyright infringement suit demanding civil liabilities if plagiarized bloggers sue ?
Prof. Disini replied :
If one sues successfully for infringement then those assets can be levied upon to satisfy the judgment .
Disini then added :
The presence of properties is not enough for a US court to assume jurisdiction . He ( Sotto ) must be served with summons . That 's a good question . And alam ko for foreign companies , kung may office sila doon , the address can be used as a way to serve summons.That 's what happened to Samsung ( in Apple 's copyright infringement lawsuit against it ) . [ I know that for foreign companies , if they have an office in the US , the address can be used as a way to serve summons . ] The US subsidiary of Samsung in New York was used as a way to acquire jurisdiction .
Disini also said that lawsuits involving copyright is a “ federal court action , not a state charge . ”
He also recalled that in one copyright infringement case , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency seized the US-registered domain names . Disini said that :
By analogy , yon and puwedeng gawin mo . Walang presence siya doon , pero kukunin mo assets doon . [ By analogy , that is what you can do in this copyright infringement case against Sotto . He has no presence in the US but you will take from his US assets . ]
What American bloggers will have to prove against Sotto
Steve the Fil-Am lawyer , however , made it very clear to me that he was not going to evaluate the chances of success of a Copyright Infringement Suit if this is lodged against Senator Sotto by American bloggers .
Steve emphasized :
The fact alone that Sen Sotto failed to attribute to Ms. Pope whatever he took from the blog is not a cognizable cause of action by itself . The right to attribution is not a protected right under the US Copyright Act ( USCA ) . [ See UMG Recordings , Inc. v. Disco Azteca Distributors , Inc. , E.D.Cal.2006 , 446 F.Supp.2d 1164 , 80 U.S.P.Q.2d ] 1191 . So Ms. Pope has to prove one of the 6 enumerations in 17 USCA 106 above indicated for her to prevail in an infringement lawsuit .
This means , Steve said , Ms.Pope and the other plagiarized bloggers would have to demonstrate that Senator Sotto infringed on ANY ONE OF THESE SIX BASIC RIGHTS of a copyright owner WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION from the owner . The six basic rights of a copyright owner are the right :
( 1 ) to reproduce the copyrighted work in copies or phonorecords ;
( 2 ) to prepare derivative works based upon the copyrighted work ;
( 3 ) to distribute copies or phonorecords of the copyrighted work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership , or by rental , lease , or lending ;
( 4 ) in the case of literary , musical , dramatic , and choreographic works , pantomimes , and motion pictures and other audiovisual works , to perform the copyrighted work publicly ;
( 5 ) in the case of literary , musical , dramatic , and choreographic works , pantomimes , and pictorial , graphic , or sculptural works , including the individual images of a motion picture or other audiovisual work , to display the copyrighted work publicly ; and
( 6 ) in the case of sound recordings , to perform the copyrighted work publicly by means of a digital audio transmission .
Steve said he does n't know how successful a Copyright Infringement suit would be against Senator Sotto .
Separately , Atty . Disini , in the course of my interview , emphasized to me that there is a big difference between the charge of plagiarism and copyright infringement . Senator Sotto and Atty Villacorta had both emphasized to the public earlier that Sotto can not be charged for plagiarizing US blogs because the Philippines has no law punishing plagiarism .
Atty Disini explained :
Plagiarism is about attribution . Copyright is about giving compensation for infringement . Plagiarism is bad manners and copyright infringement is about violation of the law .
Could a copyright infringement suit against a sitting senator prosper ? Could it be proven that he profited from the copying ?
US jurisprudence say that the benefits derived from the copying need not even be commercial in nature . Yes , Senator Sotto did not profit from the copying because there was no commercial transaction involved . However , Senator Sotto through those speeches had sought to enhance his standing as a lawmaker . And as a lawmaker , he is being paid by the State . It could therefore be said that Senator Sotto profited personally from the huge chunks of paragraphs that he used from various American bloggers without their consent and without attribution .
In fact , two of them have already complained that their words were twisted out of context by Senator Sotto .
One thing I 'm sure , though , if the US bloggers collectively sue , they could give the senator a lot of headache because he would have to make sure his US properties are safe from garnishment .
Sotto 's US properties
Sotto owns two properties in Nevada collectively worth P29 million ( or US $ 690,476 at the current exchange rate of 42 pesos per US dollar ) . He declared both properties in his Statement of Assets , Liabilities and Net Worth ( SALN ) in a detailed manner . I would like to commend Sotto for that .
Sotto declared in his SALN for 2011 filed this year that he had acquired the P19,369,442 house & lot along Vital Crest Street , Las Vegas in the year 2008 and the P10,125,000 , house & lot at 10151 Tumbling Tree Street also in Las Vegas in 2007 .
Sotto rejoined government in July 2008 as acting chairman and director of the Dangerous Drug Board . However , it is general knowledge that he was making good money as a comedian and commercial endorser . In other words , he could well afford both properties .
How he acquired these properties is not the issue here .
The issue at bar here is that these two properties currently give him a physical presence in the US and that makes him vulnerable to lawsuits filed there .
In closing , I would like to tell everyone that I had asked Steve the Fil-Am lawyer whether I could reveal his real identity . Steve replied :
I am tempted by the potential publicity once you mention my name and I would probably enjoy it . : ) But I prefer to be silently helping you out .
All I can say , Steve , is – the Filipino people thank you .
Steve is a member of Cyber Plaza Miranda , the active and growing community of Filipinos worldwide who congregate on this blog to share opinions and information .
Cyber Plaza Miranda is a striking example of how the Internet and social media can be used for change . And one that the Cybercrime Law – particularly due to Sotto 's midnight insertion of the crime of online libel – could stifle .
Dear Senator Sotto , it is n't going to happen .
For decades , dozens of forgotten Navy and merchant ships have been corroding in Suisun Bay , 30 miles northeast of San Francisco . These historic vessels—the Mothball Fleet—served their country in four wars : WWII , the Korean War , the Vietnam War , and Desert Storm . After a decade of impasse , the ghost fleet is slowly dwindling as the ships are towed out one-by-one for scrapping . About 15 retired ships are already gone ; by 2017 , the entire fleet will be just a memory .
Over a two-year period , several close friends and I gained unprecedented access to the decaying ships , spending several days at a time photographing , documenting , and even sleeping aboard them—often in the luxury of the captain 's quarters . Sneaking on-board required months of planning and coordination , and it involved taking significant risks . Of course , things did not always go as planned , but despite several close calls , we were successful in all of our attempts to infiltrate the ships while evading round-the-clock security patrols .
History and Current State
These ghost ships , part of the National Defense Reserve Fleet ( NDRF ) overseen by the U.S. Maritime Administration ( MARAD ) , were supposed to be ready for duty in the event of a national emergency . Perhaps a few ships are actually “ reserve ready ” and could be activated , but the vast majority are well beyond their useful lives and rotting away as they wait in line for disposal .
The mothballed ships once numbered close to 400 , and in 1959 , 324 vessels still lined the waters of Suisun Bay . Although the ships continued to dwindle down over time , approximately 75 remained throughout the 2000s , rusting and leaching toxic heavy metals into the bay as the Bush administration did little to address the crumbling ships .
Many ships in the fleet served in World War II , including the historic USS Iowa , the last remaining U.S. lead battleship . Retired war ships like the Iowa were laid up in Suisun Bay for decades awaiting their next battle , but the call never came . Instead , they have sat unused and largely forgotten . But the Iowa will likely see a different fate than its sister ships who await their ultimate demise at a shipbreaker . Vallejo is currently in a heated battle with the port of Los Angeles ( San Pedro ) to secure rights to the battleship and turn it into a museum .
Guns on the deck of the USS Iowa .
Ticking Environmental Time Bombs
The ships have shed more than 20 tons of toxic paint debris that have settled into bay sediments , where they will cause problems long after the ships are gone . Even though Congress and the State of California ordered MARAD to address the situation , nothing was done for most of the past decade . Lawsuits filed by environmental groups were also unsuccessful in forcing MARAD to remove the ships . However , after Barack Obama took the Oval Office in 2008 , the tide shifted and MARAD began working diligently to clean up and remove the ships .
Planning
As news began to mount that the ships would finally be towed out for scrapping , we knew we had to act fast if we wanted to explore and document them . We had fantasized for years about getting aboard , but it always seemed too difficult and other sites presented fewer challenges . In addition , the potential repercussions of trespassing are likely more severe than other locations we explore . One intimidating factor was our inability to find out what the penalties might entail if we did get caught , making it difficult to weigh the risks .
The President , which was towed to Mare Island in March 2011 to be scrapped . In May , it was towed out again , this time to Texas , in a swap for its sister ship , the President Lincoln , which was deemed too un-seaworthy to make the voyage to Texas .
But we knew that many inherent risks could be mitigated with enough planning and preparation . Before making our first trip on the water , Stephen scoped out the environs to assess how close we could get to the water on foot , which along with satellite imagery , helped us determine our route . Later , we made a second visit just to observe the 24-hour security patrols from the safety of the shoreline . We also purchased a scanner to eavesdrop on nearby radio communications and studied tidal patterns , planning our trips accordingly .
Sea Shadow inside the Hughes Mining Barge .
We had to overcome numerous obstacles just to get to the ships without even addressing the issues involved in getting on them . To get across the channel , we acquired a small , inflatable raft that was just big enough for the three of us and our gear , along with a small motor powered by a car battery . A raft seemed ideal several reasons : 1. it was not possible to drive up to the drop-in point , so we needed something lightweight to carry across the marsh , along with our camera gear , food , water , and sleeping bags ; 2. we needed a boat that we could maneuver through extremely shallow tidal flats near the shore ; 3 . The raft 's low profile and nearly silent motor would help us evade security patrols ; 4. a raft would be the easiest type of vessel to pull aboard the ships once we found a way on , and we could then deflate it and stash it away from prying eyes .
An inflatable raft does have its disadvantages . For one thing , it 's only possible to mount a tiny , low power motor on an inflatable raft . But the primary drawback is that holes are nearly inevitable . On our second trip , we discovered several holes as we readied the boat along the roadside . Luckily , we found a patch kit at a nearby gas station , and we were back in business . Another time , we discovered leaks on our return trip as we were leaving the ships . In this case , we continuously pumped up the boat while still on the water .
Scouting Mission
For our first trip , we decided to play it safe and treat it purely as a scouting mission . We did not bring our cameras or overnight gear , and we approached the ships cautiously . Warning signs posted on the hulls instruct you to stay at least 500 feet away . When we agreed it was safe , we breached the 500 foot barrier , and found a place with good cover where we could scope out potential ways aboard . To our surprise and delight , it was easier to climb aboard than we had imagined . It was a huge rush to climb aboard for the first time , but we did not stay long in case we set off alarm sensors . We turned back and called it a weekend , but now we knew it was possible .
Aboard the Ships
On subsequent trips , we spent the entire weekend aboard the ships , each time on a different row . Because they are tethered closely together in rows , we had many ships to explore—enough to keep us occupied for a week or more if the excursions were not so draining and we did not have jobs pulling us back . But the main reason we stayed all weekend is simply because it was such a challenge to get out there . Getting aboard was both physically and emotionally draining and was the riskiest part of the endeavor .
USS Sperry from the crow 's nest of the USCGC Glacier .
Once aboard , everything seemed to slow down . The adrenaline rush and anxiety I felt as we approached the ships instantly faded once we climbed aboard safely . I found it easy to relax and enjoy the quiet and stillness of the evening , miles from the hustle and bustle of modern civilization . We heard nearby trains rumbling as they passed , even inside the ships , but that 's it . Otherwise , it was just us and a few birds of prey that call the ships home .
Getting inside the ships was usually not straightforward , and sometimes impossible . MARAD locks them down tight , but there are so many possible entrances that persistence often paid off . One of the first orders of business each trip was finding a place to sleep . The ships are often stinky from mold , mildew , PCBs , and decay , so a room with windows that opened was preferable . We typically slept in the captain 's room where we found comfy couches , convertible beds , lots of space , and plenty of light during the daytime .
We slept during the day after shooting and exploring all night . Around noon , we would wake up and eat and explore the bowels of the ships . We had to be careful moving around on the decks during the day , but because the ships are so tall , it was still fairly low-key—at least during our initial trips . On later trips , we ran into crews working on the ships , even on weekends , due to increased cleanup efforts . Luckily we always saw or heard them before they saw us !
Final Trip
On our final trip , we visited the “ J Row , ” the closest row to security headquarters where 24-hour crews keep a watchful eye on the ships . It would prove to be our most harrowing trip yet , because we had to pass within a couple hundred feet of the converted boathouse where the guards reside .
As we boarded the ships , a patrol boat zoomed up on us and started shining spotlights . Luckily , we had already climbed to safety , but it seemed odd that they accosted us like that . Fearing that we might have tripped alarm sensors , I had an uneasy feeling all weekend as we explored the ships . Despite ramped up patrols and uncharacteristic spotlighting all night long , we spent the weekend exploring the ships unscathed .
However , as we prepared to leave , we got buzzed by security again while inflating our raft on a barge near water level . With nowhere to hide , we literally hit the deck and prayed that they would not see us . In the scramble , Stephen dropped both paddles through a thin slot on the barge . Not only were we now lacking an essential piece of equipment that we needed to get back to shore , but worse , the paddles might float out in view of the security boat . All three of us began to panic , but there was little we could do . After a couple false starts when it initially appeared security had moved on , we frantically dropped our boat in the water , followed by our gear and ourselves , trying to be careful not to dunk our expensive cameras in the frenzy .
Remarkably , we found one of the oars floating out from under the barge right where we dropped the raft in the water . The other was about 50 feet away in a relatively calm patch of water next to the President , the last ship in the row . We decided to detour to retrieve the paddle , which would burn a couple minutes and leave us vulnerable if the security boat returned . Fortunately it did not , and we got away from the ships quickly , thanks to gallant rowing efforts by Jon and me as Stephen motored ahead .
But before we could get outside the invisible 500 foot barrier , we found ourselves right in the beam of the security boat 's search light . We were ! We stopped paddling , and desperately tried to come up with a good cover story . Practically admitting defeat , we decided that there was not much we could say , and we feared our gear would give us away . Then , astonishingly , after being in direct view of the boat 's spotlight for at least 10 seconds , the light moved off us and nothing happened . We kept rowing . The light came back a second time , further escalating our sense of despair . But then , the light went off of us again ! We could not believe it—the boat turned and went the other way , but we still were not certain we were off the hook .
We frantically rowed until we reached the shore , fearing at any moment they would come for us . It was not until we reached the safety of the small marshy channel that we breathed a huge sigh of relief . The sun was about to rise and the morning chorus of chirping birds began . We were exhausted and vowed that this trip , our fifth , would be our last visit . Sadly , it was .
On May 7 , 2011 , we gave a slideshow presentation Mothball Fleet Revealed at Workspace Limited in San Francisco .
View more of my Mothball Fleet photos »
The neo-Νazi party Golden Dawn has been active in Greece since the mid-1980s . Through the years , GD has attacked migrants , antifascists and homosexuals , often with the tolerance or even the collaboration of parts of the Greek police force . In recent years , the party saw a largely unexplained soaring in its funding , a broad coverage of its activities ( whether real or fictitious ) by mainstream media and the opening up of more than fifty local branches across Athenian neighborhoods and Greek cities .
The ostensibly meteoric rise of the GD in mainstream political discourse came at an extremely critical conjuncture , amidst the global financial crisis that hit Greece hard from approximately 2008/09 onward . In the 2009 national elections , GD had received a mere 0.2 % of the vote ; in 2012 , its share sky-rocketed to approximately 7 % . The electoral success of GD was matched by the introduction of anti-migration policies by the government coalition , often-encountered police operations specifically targeting anti-fascist activists in Athens and other Greek cities and the rise of racist attacks in the country .
On September 18th a self-confessed GD member , Giorgos Roupakias , stabbed anti-fascist rap musician Pavlos Fyssas ( aka Killah-P ) to death . In the aftermath of the assassination the GD leader , Nikos Mihaloliakos , and key GD MPs and members have been arrested and charged . Only now , after decades of presence in the Greek political landscape , the GD 's connections to the country 's security forces and political establishment are untangled and exposed in mainstream political discourse and in the media .
Produced by Ross Domoney , Klara Jaya Brekke and Dimitris Dalakoglou .
Filmed and edited by Ross Domoney .
Script edited by Klara Jaya Brekke .
Music by Giorgos Triantafillou .
Special thanks to Lena Theodoropoulou and Yiannis Chri .
Η νεοναζιστική οργάνωση Χρυσή Αυγή δραστηριοποιείται στον ελλαδικό χώρο από τα μέσα της δεκαετίας του '80 . Καθ'όλα αυτά τα χρόνια , η Χρυσή Αυγή επιτίθεται σε μετανάστες , αντι-φασίστες , ομοφυλόφιλους - συχνά με την ανοχή ή ακόμα και τη συνεργασία μέρους της ελληνικής αστυνομίας . Πρόσφατα , η χρηματοδότηση της Χρυσής Αυγής αυξήθηκε κατακόρυφα και ανεξήγητα , η δημοσιοποίηση των δράσεών της στα κυρίαρχα ΜΜΕ επίσης ( ανεξάρτητα από το εάν αυτές οι δράσεις ήταν πραγματικές ή φανταστικές ) , ενώ εγκαινίασε πάνω από 50 γραφεία σε Αθηναϊκές γειτονιές και ελληνικές πόλεις .
Η φαινομενικά εκρηκτική άνοδος και η είσοδος της ΧΑ στο πολιτικό σκηνικό της χώρας συνέβη σε μια κρίσιμη συγκυρία , εν μέσω της παγκόσμιας οικονομικής κρίσης , η οποία επηρέασε ιδιαίτερα την Ελλάδα , ξεκινώντας περίπου από το 2008/09 και έπειτα . Στις εθνικές εκλογές του 2009 , η ΧΑ απέσπασε μόλις το 0.2 % των ψήφων , ενώ το 2012 το ποσοστό της εκτινάχθηκε στο 7 % περίπου . Η εκλογική επιτυχία της ΧΑ συνοδεύτηκε από την προώθηση και καθιέρωση αντι-μεταναστευτικών νομοθετημάτων από τον κυβερνητικό συνασπισμό της χώρας , αστυνομικές επιχειρήσεις οι οποίες στόχευαν συγκεκριμένα στους αντι-φασίστες ακτιβιστές στην Αθήνα και σε άλλες ελληνικές πόλεις , καθώς και την άνοδο των ρατσιστικών επιθέσεων στη χώρα .
Στις 18 Σεπτέμβρη , ένα καθ'ομολογία μέλος της ΧΑ , ο Γιώργος Ρουπακιάς , μαχαίρωσε και σκότωσε τον αντι-φασίστα μουσικό Παύλο Φύσσα ( Killah-P ) . Στον απόηχο της δολοφονίας , ο επικεφαλής της ΧΑ , Νίκος Μιχαλολιάκος , καθώς και βουλευτές και μέλη της οργάνωσης έχουν συλληφθεί και αντιμετωπίζουν κατηγορίες . Μόλις τώρα , μετά την επί δεκαετίες παρουσία της ΧΑ στο ελληνικό πολιτικό σκηνικό , οι διασυνδέσεις της με τις δυνάμεις ασφαλείας και με το πολιτικό κατεστημένο έρχονται στο φως .
Seattle 's new Alaskan Way tunnel — currently three years late and millions of dollars over budget — has been called the worst transportation investment in the entire United States . Now , like nearly every construction project in the city , people are hitching its fortunes to tech workers .
According to a recent study commissioned by the Washington State Department of Transportation , thousands of vehicles will divert onto other roads when the tunnel replaces the Alaskan Way Viaduct in 2019 . This is due to its lack of downtown exits and its tolls , which are needed to raise the $ 200 million mandated by state legislature .
The task for planners is to set tolls high enough to cover its bills , then find enough people willing to pay them every day . So who will these tunnel commuters be ? Tech workers , the theory goes , since the northern exit will be in the South Lake Union area . A recent column by the Danny Westneat of The Seattle Times , for example , argues that the neighborhood 's rapid development helps the tunnel make “ more sense . ”
“ Seriously , West Seattleites who derided this tunnel all those years , ” he writes . “ If you now work at Amazon , as increasingly many of you do , somehow this boondoggle with no exits has morphed into a direct stoplight-free track to your offices . ”
Some numbers back up this optimism . A recent Zillow study found that 53 percent of workers in South Lake Union live outside the city . A 2014 study by EMC Research found that nearly half of SLU 's workers drive to work alone . And Expedia , Facebook , and other firms are rapidly expanding their presence north of downtown , near the new tunnel 's exits .
But will commuters from South Lake Union 's tech scene really foot the tunnel 's bill ? Here are three numbers that suggest not .
30,000 vehicles
That 's roughly the number of vehicles that the state Route 520 bridge across Lake Washington has lost in daily traffic , compared to when it was n't tolled . That 's about a 30 percent drop since late 2011 , which may not sound so bad , until one compares it to the region 's stratospheric growth during this period .
When tolls were being considered for the floating bridge , tech workers were part of the equation . After all , it offers the most direct route from Seattle to Microsoft 's headquarters in Redmond , Wash. , Google 's growing campus in Kirkland , and a range of other successful companies outside Seattle .
Even with that well-paid clientele , planners needed to prepare for a major drop in traffic after tolls . The idea of underused Seattle highways can seem strange to some , given the seemingly constant gridlock . Nonetheless , traffic volumes on the floating bridge plummeted when tolls arrived in 2011 , and have only improved slightly since then .
( Above : Average daily traffic volumes on Highway 520 . )
Since tolls were enacted , Microsoft has added about 5,000 Puget Sound employees , while Google doubled the size of its Kirkland outpost . Seattle is currently the fastest growing city in the U.S. , and has ranked in the top five for years . Both it and surrounding towns are among the nation 's most competitive real estate markets .
Yet traffic on 520 remains far from its pre-tolling peaks . Looking at the data , Washington State Department of Transportation spokesperson Ethan Bergerson told me some commuters have been diverted to other routes by 520 's tolling . But other vehicles , he said , have disappeared off the grid entirely .
Where did these drivers go ? Many simply turned into passengers .
70 stops
That 's the number of pick-up and drop-off locations for Microsoft 's private Connector bus system , with routes running throughout the day all over the county . Shuttles include Wi-Fi , plush seats , tray tables and power outlets , so staffers can get to work before they get to work .
When tolling began on the floating bridge , Microsoft responded by expanding its Connector service , which started a decade ago with only a dozen buses capable of transporting 1,500 staffers . The fleet is now capable of carrying more than 7,000 employees .
In the Bay Area , companies such as Google , Yahoo , Facebook and Apple have offered these sorts of shuttles for a long time , in addition to free public transit passes for employees . The trend is spreading to Seattle . Amazon launched a bus service last October , and Expedia is planning private shuttles for staff at its new Seattle headquarters . It 's not hard to imagine Facebook and other companies following suit .
These buses will remove cars from the road and may improve gridlock slightly . But no one riding them will be helping with the cost of the Highway 99 tunnel .
20 percent
That 's the proportion of Amazon 's roughly 25,000 Seattle employees who walk to work , according to the company . In addition , less than 50 percent of employees commute by car , and 15 percent live in the same zip code as the company .
In his column , Westneat notes that the tunnel 's exit “ dumps into the heart of one of the fastest-growing job markets in the nation . Right now there are 22 skyscrapers of 40 stories planned for development within 10 blocks of the tunnel 's exit . ”
That may not be such a good thing . The financial bet behind all those residential towers is that tech workers are often younger , and prefer to live in walkable urban communities , not far-flung suburbs from which they drive every day . The more tech workers who live near their companies , the fewest of them who need a tunnel through which to commute .
( Above : In-progress residential developments in South Lake Union , with dot size indicating number of units . Data courtesy of Seattle in Progress . )
The influx of young people to Seattle is why , between 2010 and 2015 , the level of car ownership in the city dropped for the first time since the 1970s . Not only that , ownership dropped faster for millennials in Seattle than in any other large U.S. city . The growing local tech scene , and the rise of walkable neighborhoods , are big parts of that .
It 's true that there are a lot of parking spots attached to those new residential developments in South Lake Union . However , WSDOT spokespeople and Clark Williams-Derry , a traffic expert with progressive research firm Sightline Institute , both noted to me that there 's only so many vehicles a road can actually hold . Eventually it gets full . And that 's already happening in South Lake Union , before those high rises open .
As rush hour in Seattle goes from terrible to nightmarish in coming years , and the city becomes denser , there 's no reason to think a much higher number of South Lake Union 's workers will choose to commute from south of downtown . Williams-Derry said these arguments are symptomatic of an outdated understanding of traffic .
“ There 's a difference between traffic volumes and congestion , ” Williams-Derry said . “ Congested roadways do n't carry many cars . The traffic volume goes down . It all jams up . … If rush hour gets bad enough , people move , or take a bus sometimes . On congested urban freeways , traffic hits equilibrium . ”
Ever since it was proposed , people have struggled to explain how a multi-billion dollar tunnel beneath the city , with no downtown exits , makes financial sense . The tech workers in Seattle 's emerging “ second downtown ” probably wo n't make that any easier .
Following up the reports that Malawi24 released on 25 July that circumcision does not help in the reduction of HIV but exacerbates it , reports have emerged that have agreed with the facts that we had earlier established .
Statistics cited by the BBC in a report marketing Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) , one of the world 's renowned NGOs working on public health , show that HIV infection rate in Malawi has doubled in recent years despite a range of interventions put in place to tackle the spread of the virus that have included relentless campaign on condomisation and circumcision .
According to the report , HIV rates have doubled in Malawi moving from 10 % to 20 % in 1 year . Strangely , this has been the same period that Malawians have been manipulatively forced to go through circumcision in masses with the promise that it reduces the contraction of HIV .
The data published on BBC which revealed that of every 5 people , 1 person is HIV positive have pitted Malawi as the country worst hit by the HIV pandemic of all countries in the world .
Commenting on the development some Malawians trashed the results claiming they were sensationalised and exaggerated for the sake of tarnishing the image of the country to the international world to achieve what they called MSF 's own hidden agenda .
Others faulted the BBC , saying it was one of the broadcasters ' crusades against the African continent which they have tirelessly aimed to present in a negative light .
This article has been updated . An earlier version credited the statistics cited by the BBC to MSF . However , MSF have denied that they gave the statistics to the BBC . The organisation says the claims the BBC made that 1 in every 5 people are HIV positive in Malawi were “ grossly unfounded and sensationalised ” with the aim of ‘ grabbing headlines ' . Malawi24 apologises for any inconveniences caused .
BEIRUT – The Army of Islam rebel group has reportedly advanced to the outskirts of the infamous Damascus Central Prison in the northeast of the capital , which houses thousands of inmates .
“ On Tuesday afternoon , the Army of Islam 's mujahideen began a special operation , the goals of which include the liberation of the Tel Kurdi area and the capture of the women 's prison in Adra to free the women detained inside the prison 's walls , ” the group said in an official statement .
The pro-opposition All4Syria outlet reported Wednesday morning that fierce clashes had broken out on the Tel Kurdi front , which lies roughly one kilometer away from Damascus Central Prison in Adra , for the first time in several months .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also reported on the fighting , saying that “ locations in eastern Ghouta 's Tel Kurdi were subjected to shelling by regime forces , causing the death of an Islamist fighter . ”
However , the monitoring NGO only briefly mentioned the clashes , without going into further details , while pro-rebel news sources touted Army of Islam advances near the prison .
All4Syria , for its part , claimed that the Army of Islam and allied factions had taken control of a number of regime positions in a new attack near the women 's wing of the facility , more commonly known as Adra Prison .
According to the outlet 's correspondent , the clashes have led to dozens of deaths and injuries in the regime 's ranks , and several injuries among fighters in the Army of Islam , the largest rebel group operating the Damascus area .
The correspondent—who is based in the Army of Islam 's Eastern Ghouta stronghold—added that that the rebel group had taken control of the Tel Kurdi Mosque area , the nearby steelworks , and attacked the defensive lines of the women 's wing of the prison .
In turn , Syria 's official news agency SANA reported that the Syrian Army had “ clashed with terrorists from the so-called ‘ Army of Islam ' who last night infiltrated the area around several military positions in the Tel Kurdi farms and Al-Riyhan , to the northeast of Douma . ”
SANA quoted a field source as saying that the clashes had ended with “ the infliction of big equipment losses on the terrorists and the death of at least ten of [ their fighters ] . ”
The sources denied “ what has been circulated by media outlets participating in the crime of shedding the blood of the Syrians about what they called ‘ an advance ' by the Army of Islam in the area around Damascus Central Prison . ”
“ This gossip is completely devoid of truth . ”
The Damascus Central Prison , which has been the detention center of political detainees as well as common prisoners , is desperately overcrowded and suffers from appalling living conditions .
The pro-Syrian regime Al-Watan newspaper in late 2014 quoted a public prosecutor as saying the facility “ needs a thorough overhaul . ”
After a bizarre , exhausting race , we 're finally here : By the end of the night we 'll know whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump will become the next president of the United States ( we hope ) . Clinton is still widely favored to win , but in recent days the polls have tightened . And frightening Democrats even further , Trump has actually managed to stay on message . Is there a chance he could pull off an upset , or does the strong turnout among Latinos in early-voting states indicate that Clinton already has the race locked up ? On Monday , New York Magazine 's politics team — Jonathan Chait , Margaret Hartmann , Ed Kilgore , and Eric Levitz — joined digital deputy editor Jebediah Reed to discuss what we should expect to see on Tuesday night .
Jebediah Reed : One of the big stories of the last month has been Trump seeming to submit himself , for the first time , to the advice of his handlers — even giving up his Twitter privileges . Has this late-stage pivot helped his chances ? And does this tell us anything important about him as a politician — especially in the unlikely event that he wins ?
Margaret Hartmann : I think staying “ on message ” is definitely helping , if only because it allows Republicans to pretend that he 's a normal candidate .
Eric Levitz : Not picking Twitter fights with the parents of fallen American war heroes — and beauty-pageant contestants whom you 've psychologically abused — is almost certainly a sound political move . Trump 's core message is still one that most political observers would have deemed toxic a year ago , but in recent weeks , we 've learned how tolerant Republican voters are of xenophobic populism — even those who are n't attracted to it appear willing to tolerate it as an acceptable price of their preferred fiscal agenda .
Jonathan Chait : I 've made the case that the Republican Establishment 's calculation that it can do business with a President Trump is not crazy . I think this behavior provides more evidence for that .
Eric Levitz : Which is one of the scarier aspects of this election right now : If the GOP were running a competent authoritarian nationalist , he could very well be winning .
Jonathan Chait : Yup . Trump could have been 90 percent less crazy and norm-shattering , and still been the craziest , most-norm-shattering candidate in history . And quite possibly won .
Ed Kilgore : There is a point of view that a different kind of Trump would not have the same “ base ” appeal .
Eric Levitz : I do n't think attacking Rosie O'Donnell or Alicia Machado was core to that appeal though . He could have dropped 96 percent of the misogyny and kept the base , as long as he retained the white identity politics .
Ed Kilgore : The other contrarian idea is that most of the voting patterns are returning to a partisan status quo — which means a lot of campaigning , including Trump 's really bad campaigning , has become irrelevant .
Eric Levitz : Correct . Many pundits have attributed Trump 's ability to survive controversy to some mysterious trait unique to him personally . But it seems more likely that the depth of partisan polarization has enabled Republicans to forgive him all his sins .
Margaret Hartmann : Maybe the crazy attacks were key to his success . He earned media attention through breaking norms so dramatically . Part of the “ fun ” of Trump 's candidacy was tuning in to see what shocking thing he would say next .
Jonathan Chait : But media attention has hurt him in the general election . When he 's receded into the background , the media focused on Clinton , usually in a negative way , and she sunk .
Ed Kilgore : In the primaries , his outrages were offset by the fact that for a lot of “ base ” voters he was saying stuff publicly that they say ( or wish they could say ) privately . Not so much in the general . “ Not being p.c. ” is not a universally accepted excuse for being nasty among the general electorate .
Jebediah Reed : Trump is projected to lose , of course . Based on what we know now , there 's a growing sense among commentators that the Latino vote is what will do him in . Vox has already dubbed the 2016 election “ the Year of the Latino vote. ” It 's a great story . Do the facts support that argument yet ?
Eric Levitz : The early-vote totals certainly do . White turnout is also up , so the spike in Latino turnout may not prove sufficient , but there 's little question that such a spike is happening .
Ed Kilgore : If Trump loses Florida and Nevada and Colorado and there 's the kind of evidence already emerging that Latinos ( a ) turned out exceptionally well , and ( b ) gave Clinton Obama-like margins or even better — then yeah , it 's the Year of the Latino Vote .
Jonathan Chait : It would be the least ironic election outcome ever .
Eric Levitz : It also may have long-term implications . Latinos have long been underrepresented in the electorate , relative to their share of the population . If Trump turned a bunch of non-registered Hispanics into habitual Democrats , he will have done a profound service to the progressive movement .
Ed Kilgore : If Trump loses a bunch of battleground states without many Latinos , and the gender gap is as big as some polls say , it could also be the Year of the College-Educated Women .
Margaret Hartmann : That would be a huge shift , since the the lack of enthusiasm for Clinton among millennial women was a theme throughout much of the election . And there 's been so little focus on the likely prospect that we 're about to elect the first female president .
Ed Kilgore : True . I also agree with Eric , though : The long-term effect of this campaign may be to accelerate the portion of demographic change attributable to Latino voting . Which raises the question of which shiny object attracts the most Republicans after the election : Trump 's success with white working-class voters , or his failure with Latinos .
Jebediah Reed : Ed , can the GOP realistically compete for the Latino vote ? Or does the phenomenon that Eric is describing simply cement a permanent advantage for the Democrats in presidential races ?
Jonathan Chait : Permanent is an impossibility . I think we 're already in the midst of a structural Democratic advantage at the presidential level . But it will end at some point . Either the Democratic coalition will come undone , the Republicans will get it together , or both . In other words , the Democrats will abandon the center and the GOP will seize it .
Eric Levitz : In the near-term , opposition to Latino immigration is too fundamental an issue to the GOP base for the party to moderate . And the GOP leadership has it too good to abandon that base . They still have Congress and a majority of state governments .
Ed Kilgore : I would normally say “ permanent ” is way too strong . But then again , when was Prop 187 in California ? Twenty-two years ago ? Republicans have n't recovered with Latino voters even yet .
Jonathan Chait : George W. Bush found ways to finesse the gap between the base and the center . A clever pol could do it .
Ed Kilgore : I would remind you , Jon , that comprehensive immigration reform was one of Karl Rove 's “ outreach ” initiatives . The gap over that became un-finessed .
Margaret Hartmann : If only there were a young , likable Latino senator that the GOP could turn to … a Republican “ savior , ” if you will . The party should probably give up on outreach and just pin their hopes on that kind of figure emerging .
Ed Kilgore : Trouble is , for a lot of “ base ” voters , the obvious answer wo n't be L'il Marco , but someone like Ben Carson . Or Trump .
Margaret Hartmann : Oh , I was talking about George P. Bush . ( At least , that 's the role George P. hopes to play in the party . It 's the only explanation for him endorsing a man who humiliated his dad so thoroughly . )
Jebediah Reed : Poll-watching and election prediction have gotten even more heated than usual this week . There is a rift between Nate Silver , who sees the race as pretty wide open ( Trump with a one-in-three chance of winning ) , and some other generally left-leaning statisticians who see the race as over , a Clinton win basically guaranteed . How certain are all of you that Clinton will prevail ? What have you most concerned that the race might be more competitive than the consensus suggests ?
Jonathan Chait : Silver 's right that the size of her lead is within the margin of a non-shocking polling miss .
Ed Kilgore : There are actual polls run by reputable people showing Trump ahead nationally and in most of the hotly contested states . If I knew more about polling methodology , I could maybe tell you whether Nate 's critics are engaging in a nerd fight or are convinced Trump 's odds increase whenever someone says he might win .
Jonathan Chait : I feel like saying “ Trump has little chance of winning ” is a statement akin to “ There 's little chance an asteroid will destroy all life on Earth. ” It 's intended to reassure , but has the opposite effect , merely by invoking an unthinkable prospect . In other words , the psychological element is at odds with the predictive one .
Margaret Hartmann : Yes , 30 percent chance that the country falls apart is still not acceptable . If Trump wins , Canada will need to build some kind of southern border wall to keep Democrats out .
Eric Levitz : I 'm pretty confident . Clinton 's leading the polls , and if the polls are wrong , they seem more likely to be wrong in Clinton 's favor . Models do n't price in her ground-game advantage , nor the fact that that advantage seems to have already paid off in early voting . Plus , third-party voters are disproportionately young , and young voters are disproportionately anti-Trump . They 're much more likely to break for Clinton or stay at home than decide to make America great again .
Jonathan Chait : I agree with Eric . My guess would by Clinton by five , and I bet polls are underrating her a tad .
Margaret Hartmann : For a moment late last week , after the first Comey revelation , it seemed like she might lose . But the early Hispanic turnout suggests that moment is past . Plus , the electoral map has always been much more difficult for Trump .
Eric Levitz : The only thing I think Clinton supporters should be worried about is Clinton 's narrow margins in the Midwest . But they should n't be that worried .
Ed Kilgore : The Nevada early-voting news basically convinced me Clinton was going to win . I think Trump will get close in some of those “ Clinton firewall ” states , but not close enough . If , as I suspect , Florida goes narrowly to Clinton , the other stuff does n't even matter .
Jebediah Reed : Since Jon offered a prediction : for fun and future embarrassment , anyone wants to take a stab at the final result ?
Ed Kilgore : Clinton by three in popular vote , 307-231 in electoral votes .
Margaret Hartmann : Clinton wins Florida . No voting irregularities , but Trump claims it 's rigged and demands a recount anyway .
Jonathan Chait : Clinton by five , 318 electoral votes .
Eric Levitz : I like Clinton by five nationally . She 'll take Florida , North Carolina , Nevada , New Hampshire , Colorado , and , heck , let 's say Ohio . Trump wins Iowa . He concedes , technically , but his rhetoric is not conciliatory .
Jonathan Chait : Does Trump concede on Election Night ? I say he claims it was rigged but promises not to contest .
Margaret Hartmann : On the one hand , Trump ca n't tolerate losing . On the other hand , I do n't think he really wants to be president . Trump may find it more appealing to claim he 's the victim and take his message to Trump TV . Or Trump Facebook Livestream .
Jonathan Chait : “ The election was rigged , but I am a big man and I will not fight it for the good of the country . ”
Ed Kilgore : I could also see him pitching a fit for a week or two if it 's really close .
Jebediah Reed : He might realize that being conciliatory is the only hope for his hotel business , which is falling off a cliff .
Margaret Hartmann : Yes , it seems like Ivanka could talk him into conceding for the good of the business . She 's reportedly very aware of the brand tanking . Better to concede and live to sell crappy steaks another day .
Eric Levitz : Then again , he could n't publicly admit Trump Steaks was a failure , so …
HOLLYWOOD , Ala. ( AP ) — Broke and pregnant after a childhood her grandmother describes as a nightmare , police say 19-year-old Mekenzie Leigh Guffey sought help from the place that many young mothers-to-be turn to in Alabama 's rural , northeastern corner : A social worker .
That decision helped land her in jail on charges of having sex with a 14-year-old boy . She 's accused of rape and other offenses .
Police Chief Jason Hepler said he got wind of an illicit relationship between the two from the Alabama Department of Human Resources , which was notified after Guffey sought assistance through a Medicaid program that assists area women . Guffey was jailed within days .
Living through a rough childhood does n't make up for having sex with a juvenile , Hepler said , and the young woman showed little sign of shame .
“ Apparently she did a lot of bragging , ” he said .
But the arrest devastated Peggy Thompson , the maternal grandmother who raised Guffey from age 11 . Sobbing throughout an interview at her home in Scottsboro , Thompson was so choked up she could barely speak about her granddaughter .
Thompson said the young woman spent her early childhood moving between flea-bag motels , short-term apartments and at least one mobile home with parents who abused drugs and left her to raise her younger brother before splitting . The children often went hungry and dirty despite Mekenzie 's best efforts , she said , and the girl was covered with lice and bug bites when the kids went to live with their grandparents for good .
Things were looking up for the teen last year after she graduated from high school and got a job in a rug plant , Thompson said , but Mekenzie seemed to fall apart after her beloved grandfather , Gilbert Thompson , died Aug. 25 . Hurt on the job and unable to work , Mekenzie was eager for companionship and may have fallen for a boy who looked a lot older than 14 , Thompson said .
“ She was just looking for someone to hold on to , ” Thompson said . Thompson said she recently met the boy , and the “ huge ” teenager appeared to be just another of Mekenzie 's friends since they were n't “ touchy-feely or anything . ”
Free on bonds totaling $ 45,300 , Guffey was declared indigent and given a court-appointed lawyer , James Mick . He declined to comment on details of the case , citing the age of the alleged victim .
“ I can state that I intend to defend my client with the utmost and strongest defense possible , ” Mick said .
Court records in Scottsboro , about 120 miles ( 193 km ) northeast of Birmingham , show Guffey 's parents , John Richard “ Ricky ” Guffey and Shannon Guffey , separated when Mekenzie was around 10 and divorced in 2014 .
In the meantime , both parents had multiple scrapes with the law ; Ricky Guffey for drugs , and Shannon Guffey for charges that included credit card fraud and theft . The father is imprisoned on six drug charges , state records show , and the mother went to prison in 2015 after testing positive for methamphetamine while in a community corrections program after a conviction for credit card fraud .
Freed last fall , Shannon Guffey has had only limited contacted with Mekenzie through the years , the grandmother said . Shannon Guffey did n't respond to Facebook or text messages seeking comment .
In a county with what state statistics show is Alabama 's third-highest teen birth rate , friends of Mekenzie did n't condemn her when she used Facebook on March 2 to post a photo of her positive pregnancy test with the message : “ i found it a lot easier to announce it on here than texting all my family & friends individually , but welcoming my sweet little baby October 17th ! ”
One friend wrote : “ Congrats. ” Said another : “ You better stay healthy and be very careful ! Being pregnant is n't as easy as it seems ! ” The Facebook page has since been shut down .
Police said that in early March , the young woman sought government assistance from a social worker . Finding out the father of her unborn child was 14 and bound by laws that require social workers , teachers and others to report suspected abuse , the person contacted Human Resources , which Hepler said then contacted police .
An investigation found the two teens — who Hepler said appear to be closer in age than they really are — met through a mutual friend at a McDonald 's fast-food restaurant and began dating ; they soon were having sex regularly in her car . The father 's name is n't included on court documents , and police have n't released it .
Apparently feeling isolated and dealing with morning sickness , the young women posted on Facebook last week : “ for ALL of my family that 's shut me out and not even called to check on me or how i feel , please do n't expect to be in my baby 's life . ”
Police arrested her the next day on felony charges that include second-degree rape , sexual abuse , enticing a child for immoral purposes , traveling to meet a child for illegal sex acts and obscenity , for nude images allegedly found on her and the boy 's cellphone . She was freed on bond Monday .
Peggy Thompson said her granddaughter did wrong if police are right about what happened , but she believes the teen had little chance for a normal life based on her troubled childhood .
“ It 's a slow brew before something happens , and with Mekenzie it blew up , ” she said .
After taking forwards with their first four picks of the NHL entry draft , the Detroit Red Wings selected goaltender Petr Mrazek of Ottawa ( OHL ) with their fifth-round selection ( 141st overall ) .
The 18-year-old Mrazek ( 6-foot , 162 ) , a native of Ostrava , Czech Republic , was ranked 25th among North American goalies by NHL Central Scouting . He posted a 12-9-1 record , 3.00 goals-against average and .905 save percentage in 30 games with Ottawa last season .
The Red Wings aim to select a goalie in every draft . Their need increased with Daniel Larsson returned to Sweden in May . Detroit had only two goaltending prospects in its system -- 2008 first-round pick Thomas McCollum and Jordan Pearce .
In the sixth round ( 171st overall ) , the Red Wings selected center Brooks Macek ( 5-foot-11 , 180 ) from Tri-City ( WHL ) . Macek , 18 , had 21 goals and 52 assists in 72 games last season .
Detroit took five forwards -- four of them centers -- in the first six rounds .
The Red Wings selected defenseman Benjamin Marshall ( 5-foot-9 , 160 ) from Mahtonedi ( Minn. ) High School with their final pick in the seventh round ( 201st overall ) .
Princeton , N.J .
FLOWERS will be arriving on moms ' doorsteps this Sunday ; cards and homemade presents will be on their breakfast trays . But the newest mothers , in hospitals across the country , will receive a gift that does more harm than good : free starter packs of infant formula .
Breast-feeding offers numerous benefits to babies , including protection against childhood obesity , diabetes , some respiratory and ear infections and sudden infant death syndrome . Mothers who breast-feed have lower risks of breast and ovarian cancer . Yet although three out of four mothers in the United States breast-feed their newborns , fewer than half are still doing so by the time their babies are 6 months old .
The support of hospitals is crucial to getting more women to begin breast-feeding and to do it longer . And yet many hospitals hand out free formula samples , which , according to a 2006 report by the Government Accountability Office , tend to reduce breast-feeding rates among the women who receive them . It 's easy to understand why the hospitals continue to do so : in exchange for giving out samples , formula manufacturers provide hospitals ' nurseries and neonatal intensive care units with much-needed free supplies like bottles , nipples , pacifiers , sterile water and more formula .
But the practice is opposed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the American Academy of Pediatrics and the World Health Organization , among others . Doctors can recommend breast-feeding all they like ; when hospitals send new mothers home with a commercial product that often bears scientific claims on the label about digestion and brain development , it sends a very different message . ( Breast milk is better , but it 's a rare breast that sports such a label . ) Regardless of the medical evidence , the “ science ” behind formula — not to mention the convenience — can be difficult for mothers to resist .
Photo
The truth is that for many women in the United States , where paid maternity leave and workplace support for pumping are rare , and where breast-feeding in public is stigmatized , formula is the easier choice . Many do n't have the option to breast-feed as long or as much as they would like . When hospitals provide formula starter packs , they encourage women to give up on breast-feeding and switch to formula more quickly . Instead , hospitals should help women get breast-feeding off to a good start by adapting baby-friendly policies like helping mothers initiate breast-feeding after birth , allowing mothers and babies to stay in the same room and , most important , ensuring that infant-feeding decisions are free of commercial influence .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Distributing free formula in the hospital is not about empowering women , helping them make informed choices or providing them with needed resources in tough economic times — all arguments made by supporters of the free samples . Companies provide them for the same reason they distribute swag to celebrities : it drives sales .
It 's not too hard to browse through Windows ' settings to find what you need , but if there 's a setting you access frequently , why not make it a little easier on yourself ? Windows exposes a number of useful settings through Uniform Resource Identifiers ( URIs ) that you can use to create a shortcut or context menu item for quick access to that setting .
What Settings Are Available ?
The Microsoft Developer Network ( MSDN ) has full list of URIs that you can use , so be sure to browse through them and see what strikes your fancy . As you skim through them , note that some are applicable to Windows on the desktop , some on mobile , and some on both . Also , a few settings change a bit depending on whether you 're using Windows 10 or Windows 8.1 . To make things a little easier , we 've collected some of the settings we 've found useful .
ms-settings : – Opens the main Settings page . Note that you will need to include the colon after the URI .
– Opens the main Settings page . Note that you will need to include the colon after the URI . ms-settings : mousetouchpad – Opens mouse and touchpad settings .
– Opens mouse and touchpad settings . ms-settings : network-ethernet – Opens the main settings page for Ethernet connection .
– Opens the main settings page for Ethernet connection . ms-settings : network-proxy – Opens network proxy settings .
– Opens network proxy settings . ms-settings : datausage – Opens a page with an overview of your data usage .
– Opens a page with an overview of your data usage . ms-settings : speech – Opens speech settings .
– Opens speech settings . ms-settings : privacy-location – Opens a page for controlling what apps can use your location and whether location is enabled at all .
– Opens a page for controlling what apps can use your location and whether location is enabled at all . ms-settings : privacy-microphone – Opens a page for configuring what apps can use your microphone .
– Opens a page for configuring what apps can use your microphone . ms-settings : privacy-webcam – Opens a page for configuring what apps can use your webcam .
– Opens a page for configuring what apps can use your webcam . ms-settings : windowsupdate – Opens the Windows Update page .
Now that you have some settings in mind , let 's take a look at how you can use them .
Create a Shortcut for a Setting
Creating a shortcut for a setting is super simple . Just right-click where you want to create the shortcut ( for example , the Desktop ) and choose New > Shortcut . In the Create Shortcut window , type ( or copy and paste ) the name of the setting into the location box and then click Next .
Type a name for the new shortcut and then click Finish .
Now , instead of working your way through the settings maze , you can just double-click the shortcut to go directly to whatever settings page you configured .
Add a Setting to Your Context Menu
You can also use these same URIs to add shortcuts to settings directly onto Windows ' right-click context menu . For this trick , you 'll have to dive into the Windows Registry for a mild edit .
Standard warning : Registry Editor is a powerful tool and misusing it can render your system unstable or even inoperable . This is a pretty simple hack and as long as you stick to the instructions , you should n't have any problems . That said , if you 've never worked with it before , consider reading about how to use the Registry Editor before you get started . And definitely back up the Registry ( and your computer ! ) before making changes .
Open the Registry Editor by hitting Start and typing “ regedit. ” Press Enter to open Registry Editor and give it permission to make changes to your PC .
In the Registry Editor , use the left sidebar to navigate to the following key :
HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\Directory\Background\shell
In the left pane , right-click the shell key and choose New > Key . Name the new key whatever you 'd like to appear on the context menu . So , for example , you might name the new key “ Data Usage ” if that 's the setting you 're adding .
Next , you 're going to add another new key , this time inside the key you just created . So , right-click your new key ( whatever you named it ) and choose New > Key . Name this new key command .
Select the new command key in the left pane and then , in the right pane , double-click the ( Default ) value to open its properties .
In the “ Value data ” box , you 're going to type a command using the following syntax :
`` C : \Windows\explorer.exe '' < URI >
Replace < URI > with whatever URI you 're setting up . In this example , we 're creating a context menu to open the Data Usage settings , so the command will look like this :
`` C : \Windows\explorer.exe '' ms-settings : datausage
Click OK to close the value window and then you can close Registry Editor . Right-click any open space on the desktop or in a folder and you should see your new command on the context menu .
And that 's all there is to it . Creating a shortcut to a specific setting is straightforward . Creating a context menu for that setting requires diving into the Registry just a bit , but it 's well worth it for having quick access to settings you use a lot .
I 've been using the monitor for a few hrs now and it looks amazing . I first connected the monitor with my 2010 Windows 8.1 laptop and for some reason certain websites had a yellow tint where it 's supposed to be light gray , for example on the youtube site , the background was very yellowish . I 'm assuming the culprit might be my laptop because I then connected my 2017 15 '' MBP , via Apple 's usb-c digital AV multiport adapter bought from BB 's open box deal , and the colors seem exactly as what 's shown on the MBP . I 'm very pleased with the output of colors and brightness/contrast on this monitor . As for the items included in the box , I read the `` what 's included '' section of this item on BB 's site prior to ordering and was surprised to see it said DVI , HDMI and VGA cables listed , as most only offer one of the 3 , but when I opened the box there was only a VGA cable ( and the monitor power cord ) . This is n't a huge deal , as everything now a days use HDMI so I had an extra one around . But still disappointed because it said HDMI was included , rather than saying it might . Also , there was n't a manual in the box , but the monitor is super easy to assemble . I 'm a little shocked that the monitor just slides onto to the stand and there 's no screw or anything to keep it tight . Seems to be holding up by tension ? I 'm not sure , but so far it 's holding , even after tilting it back and forth . I do n't think a whole star should be taken off for a missing HDMI & DVI cables but it seems I can only select whole stars , instead of half , otherwise I would give it 4.5stars .
Read more
Kenwyn Williams has been dismissed as executive secretary of USACA and removed as a director of the board with immediate effect .
The decision , reached after a specially called emergency meeting on November 1 , comes at the end of a fortnight when Williams ' increasing erratic behaviour has focussed attention of the wrong kind on US cricket .
Although Williams is able to appeal the decision it seems unlikely he will give the weight of evidence produced to support claims his actions had been against the interests of the board and US cricket .
Right to the end Williams was in a combative mood , publishing the telephone number and PIN for the board 's conference call on his Twitter account . This forced USACA to change the dial-in arrangements at the last minute and Williams , despite being advised of the amended details , was not present for the teleconference .
It is now expected the board will look for alternative candidates to fill the post . These do not have to be existing board members as they are empowered to vote on someone from outside the existing structure . It seems likely this appointment will coincide with that of the new CEO later this month .
Williams refused to accept the decision and said on his Twitter account that the board 's action was unconstitutional .
Martin Williamson is a executive editor of ESPNcricinfo and managing editor of ESPN Digital Media in Europe , the Middle East and Africa
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
The two Government parties have suffered a serious slump in support over the past two months , according to the latest Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll .
Fine Gael is now at its lowest standing since 2003 , while Taoiseach Enda Kenny 's satisfaction rating is at its lowest point since he took over the leadership of the party in 2002 .
The poll reveals a massive surge in support for Independents and smaller parties who are at their highest-ever rating in an Irish Times poll .
Sinn Féin has slipped back a little since the last poll in October , while Fianna Fáil has improved marginally .
When people were asked who they would vote for if an election were held tomorrow , party support – when undecideds are excluded – compared with the last Irish Times poll in October was : Fine Gael , 19 per cent ( down five points ) ; Labour , 6 per cent ( down three points ) ; Fianna Fáil , 21 per cent ( up one point ) ; Sinn Féin , 22 per cent ( down two points ) ; and Independents/Others , 32 per cent ( up nine points ) .
The survey was undertaken on Monday and Tuesday this week among a representative sample of 1,200 voters aged 18 and over , in face-to-face interviews at 100 sampling points in all constituencies . The margin of error is plus or minus 2.8 per cent .
The core vote for the parties – before undecideds are excluded – compared with the last poll was : Fine Gael , 16 per cent ( down three points ) ; Labour , 5 per cent ( down two ) ; Fianna Fáil , 16 per cent ( no change ) ; Sinn Féin , 17 per cent ( down one ) ; Independents/Others , 25 per cent ( up eight ) ; and undecided voters , 22 per cent ( down one ) .
General election
The sharp decline in support for Fine Gael will send tremors through the party with a general election expected within the next year . The seven-point drop in Enda Kenny 's satisfaction rating to just 19 per cent leaves him the least popular party leader in the Dáil , while the Government 's satisfaction rating of 17 per cent is the lowest since it took office .
Fine Gael 's share of the vote has dropped across all regions of the country and across all age groups . The only category where the party vote is holding up is among the best-off AB voters .
Labour has also suffered a serious loss of support following a modest recovery in the last poll . Joan Burton has seen a big drop in satisfaction after an initial good performance in her first poll as leader .
There was a nine-point increase in support for Independents and smaller parties . When voters in this category were asked why they intended voting for Independents or small parties , 36 per cent said it was because they did not trust the established parties . The next most common reason , given by 27 per cent , was that they were best at local issues . A further 19 per cent said they liked what Independents or small parties stood for .
Maíria Cahill affair
Although Sinn Féin support has slipped back two points since the last poll , it has held up well considering the publicity surrounding the Maíria Cahill affair . Party leader Gerry Adams has suffered an 11-point drop in his rating , probably as a result of the controversy , but he still has the highest rating of any party leader .
Fianna Fáil 's marginal rise in support will come as welcome news for the party after a significant drop in the last poll . At 21 per cent , it is ahead of Fine Gael and almost level with Sinn Féin .
SR.A/1 TG263 on the water Role Flying boat fighter Manufacturer Saunders-Roe First flight 16 July 1947 Retired 1951 Status Experimental Primary user Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment Number built 3
The Saunders-Roe SR./A.1 was a prototype flying boat fighter aircraft designed and built by Saunders-Roe . It was tested by the Royal Air Force shortly after World War II .
Design and development [ edit ]
The SR./A.1 was directly inspired by the ( modest ) successes experienced by the Imperial Japanese Navy with seaplane fighters such as the Nakajima A6M2-N ( an adaptation of the Mitsubishi Zero ) and the Kawanishi N1K . In theory , seaplanes were ideally suited to conditions in the Pacific theatre , and could turn any relatively calm area of coast into an airbase . Their main disadvantage came from the way in which the bulk of their floatation gear penalised their performance compared to other fighters .
Saunders-Roe realised that the new turbojet engine presented an opportunity to overcome this drawback . Not requiring clearance for a propeller , the fuselage could sit lower in the water and use a flying boat-type hull . The company first presented their idea – SR.44 -to the Air Ministry in mid-1943 . Performance with Halford H.1 engines was estimated at 520 mph at 40,000 ft . Criticism of the design included the wing thickness/chord ratio which was considered by the Ministry to be too high for a high-speed fighter operating at altitude . [ 1 ] The design was modified and specification E.6/44 was raised in April 1944 on the modified design [ 1 ] with an accompanying development contract for three prototypes in May 1944 . [ 2 ]
With the end of the war , Saunders-Roe concentrated its efforts on the Saunders-Roe Princess long-range civilian flying boat project , and development of the fighter slipped behind .
The first prototype , piloted by Geoffrey Tyson , flew on 16 July 1947 , [ 3 ] and while it and its two sisters proved to have good performance and handling — Tyson made a demonstration of aerobatics and inverted flight at the 1948 SBAC Display [ 4 ] — the need for such aircraft had completely evaporated with the end of the war . Furthermore , the success of the aircraft carrier in the Pacific had demonstrated a far more effective way to project airpower over the oceans , though Saunders-Roe argued that carriers and their escorts were still very vulnerable to aircraft or other vessels . [ 4 ] In addition , the cockpit canopy was small and heavily framed , giving the pilot a poor view outside the aircraft . An automatic mooring system was incorporated so that the pilot could moor the aircraft without external aid or leaving the cockpit . [ 4 ] A fundamental problem was that production of the Beryl engine had ceased when Metropolitan-Vickers had withdrawn from jet engine development , and only a limited number of engines was available . The project was suspended and the prototype put into storage in 1950 . It was briefly resurrected in November 1950 , after the outbreak of the Korean War , before the realisation that it was obsolete compared with land-based fighters , together with the inability to solve the engine problem , forced a final cancellation . The prototype flew for the last time in June 1951 . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
The two SR./A.1 prototypes were fitted with the first two production Martin-Baker ejection seats built .
Although the aircraft never received an official name , it was referred to by company workers as `` Squirt '' . [ 3 ]
P.121 Hydro-ski naval fighter [ edit ]
Saunders-Roe came up with a design with skis — which Flight called the `` Saunders Roe Hydroski '' — to bring its performance closer to land-based aircraft . It was designated project P.121 . [ 7 ]
As the project `` received no official support '' the company decided on 29 January 1955 not to proceed with constructing a prototype . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Operators [ edit ]
Survivors [ edit ]
TG263 at Solent Sky in 2011
The first prototype , serial number TG263 , has been preserved and is on display at Solent Sky aviation museum in Southampton . Both other aircraft ( TG267 and TG271 ) were lost in accidents during the four-year flight test programme .
Specification ( SR/A.1 ) [ edit ]
Data from British Flying Boats [ 10 ]
General characteristics
Crew : one
one Length : 50 ft 0 in ( 15.24 m )
50 ft 0 in ( 15.24 m ) Wingspan : 46 ft 0 in ( 14.02 m )
46 ft 0 in ( 14.02 m ) Height : 16 ft 9 in ( 5.11 m )
16 ft 9 in ( 5.11 m ) Wing area : 415 ft² ( 38.6 m² )
415 ft² ( 38.6 m² ) Empty weight : 11,262 lb ( 5,108 kg )
11,262 lb ( 5,108 kg ) Loaded weight : 16,000 lb ( 7,273 kg )
16,000 lb ( 7,273 kg ) Powerplant : 2 × Metropolitan-Vickers Beryl MVB.2 turbojets , 3,850 lbf ( 17.2 kN ) each
Performance
Armament
Guns : 4x 20 mm Hispano Mk 5
4x 20 mm Hispano Mk 5 Bombs : 2x 1000 lb ( 455 kg ) bombs or rockets
See also [ edit ]
Aircraft of comparable role , configuration and era
Related lists
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Some poor young girl , deeply miseducated and misled , wrote into a newspaper with a letter trying to denounce homosexuality with a bad historical and biological argument . She 's only 14 , and her brain has already been poisoned by the cranks and liars in her own family…it 's very sad . Here 's the letter — I will say , it 's a very creative argument that would be far more entertaining if it were n't wrong in every particular .
I 've transcribed it below . I could n't help myself , though , and had to , um , annotate it a bit .
Homosexuality , including same-sex marriage , is not an enlightened idea [ But tolerance and acceptance of diversity are ] . The Romans practiced homosexuality [ Every culture has had homosexual individuals ; they differ only in the degree of suppression . The Romans actually regarded homosexuals as effete and inferior , and used accusations of gayness as expressions of contempt , just like modern middle schoolers ] . Surely , after 2000 years , our level of intelligence should have evolved somewhat , so that we can truly pride ourselves of being cleverer than our forebears [ Two millennia is actually a short span of time for biological evolution . Also , have you ever heard of the Dark Ages ? Progress is not inevitable ] .
If homosexuality spreads , it can cause human evolution to come to a standstill [ Nope . Homosexuals reproduce . Homosexuality refers to behavior and social preferences , not to biological limitations . Also , many heterosexuals choose to not reproduce as well , and it does not stop evolution in its tracks — in complex social organisms like ours , there are many ways to contribute to the species that do n't involve breeding directly ] . It could threaten the human position on the evolutionary ladder [ There is no evolutionary `` ladder '' . You have some serious misconceptions about biology , young lady ! ] , and say , ducks , could take over the world [ Evolution is not about taking over the world . There is no pinnacle . Every species has a different niche , not a different spot in a hierarchy of dominance ] . Ducks always nest in pairs [ This is called the naturalistic fallacy . You can not draw conclusions from how one species behaves and declare that it justifies one specific kind of behavior in another species . I could point to gorillas , and announce that we should live in polygamous harems ; I could point to bonobos and say that public homosexual acts ought to be accepted as a matter of course , and that we ought to have casual sex as often as we say hello . If you 'd like , I could give you a long list of very kinky sexual behaviors practiced by various species on the planet ; shall we decide that because ducks rape , so should we , lest we fall behind evolutionarily ? ] and if we allow same-sex marriage , then the ducks will have evolved further than we have [ Ducks are just as `` evolved '' as we are , and we 're not more evolved than any other species on the planet . Evolution is about branching trees , not climbing ladders ] . We will be in danger of all being equal , with ducks more equal than us [ That makes no sense ] .
We should learn from history and not be stuck with copying ancient behavior [ Are you , by any chance , a follower of Jesus or Mohammed ? Because you know , those faiths are all about imposing ancient rules for behavior on modern society ] . The government has no right to bring us back to the stone age [ But the Middle Ages are OK , I suppose ? ] . I do n't want my children to have to compete with ducks [ Wait . I 'm trying to puzzle this out . Because you think ducks are all heterosexual , and your children will all be heterosexual ( brace yourself , you might get a few surprises in 10 or 20 years there ) , and a policy of tolerance will turn every other human being homosexual , you 're afraid your kids will be competing for mates with ducks ? Or is it that duck heterosexuality is the only criterion that makes them acceptable for positions of power , so years from now , your children will find themselves in a workplace dominated by duck bosses , who have overcome the handicap of lack of manipulatory appendages and very small brains to be in charge of everything ? I do n't get it ] . I want them to evolve further than I have [ But you do n't believe in evolution ! ] . Any self-respecting human would aim for that , too . [ Are you aware that the Abrahamic faiths all preach that humanity is in a state of ineluctable decay since the Fall and that human sin corrupts us ? I do n't think any self-respecting human should be a Christian or a Jew or Muslim , for the same reason ]
None of this really bears any weight for be , because I do not believe in evolution [ You do n't understand it , either ] . However , the powers that be believed in evolution , and have made many decisions based on it . They should be consistent : if you believe in evolution , then you ca n't be in favour of homosexuality [ If you accept evolution , then you recognize that there are diverse successful sexual strategies in the world , and you also have a deeper appreciation of the complexity of biology , so no , you should be much more accepting of reality ] , or the ducks will get you in the end [ You can live your life in fear of ducks , or you can love your fellow human beings and encourage more love in the world . Your choice ] .
Jasmin H , aged 14 [ You have time to grow up ! ]
Homeschooled [ Obviously ] , Scargill
The reviews are in and most agree , Google 's new Pixel phones are awesome . They also mark the death of the Nexus line . With the shift towards Pixels , Google is turning its eye from the experimental world of Nexus devices , to the bigger world of phone buyers everywhere .
Nexus Devices Were Google 's Hardware Testing Ground
Ever since Google released the Nexus One in 2010 , the company has launched a new Nexus device each year to coincide with a new version of Android . That phone ( or occasionally tablet ) would serve as the reference point for Android development . If you wrote apps or built phones , this was the device that you 'd base your work on and branch out from there .
Advertisement
None of those things , however , matter to most people who actually buy phones . Everyday consumers do n't need their phones to have unlocked bootloaders , to be easily rootable , and to be a development reference point . Instead , Nexuses were for a niche groups : developers , manufacturers , and enthusiasts ( like us , and likely you , reading this . )
This distinction showed in a few areas . For starters , Google never really wanted the Nexus to be a top seller . Even if they were better and cheaper than the competition , Google rarely advertised directly , letting enthusiasts do the selling for them . Most people would be hard-pressed to recall any specific ads for a Nexus phone , but who can forget Samsung 's long-running campaign poking fun at iPhone lines ? Customers could also walk into every single major carrier store and buy an iPhone since 2011 , or the newest Galaxy phone since 2012 . While the last Nexus generation worked on every carrier , you could n't buy it in any of carrier stores . If Google 's top priority was selling as many units as possible , these were pretty big oversights .
Instead , Google was focused on experimenting and developing Android as a platform . Since 2010 , Google has released eight phones from five different manufacturers . Each time , a different company like Huawei , HTC , and Motorola were put into the spotlight , so customers could see their other products . Google made a really awesome $ 200 Nexus 7 tablet that was easily one of Google 's biggest sales hits ever , but there has n't been a new one since 2013 . Instead , Google let other companies like ASUS make cheap , small tablets . Meanwhile , Google focused on a hybrid tablet laptop that came out before Android even supported multiwindow apps . The goal of the Nexus program was to try out new hardware , see what works , and built that into Android itself , rather than to sell any one particular device to as many people as possible . In fact , Much of that experimentation is paying off with the Pixel phones .
Advertisement
The Nexus program has always been a launchpad for Google . It let the company experiment with hardware that did n't already exist on the market , then hand it over to the rest of the industry to build on . It even allowed them to create whole new products . The Nexus Q was a colossal flop , but it eventually led to the wildly popular Chromecast . Nexuses were never about dominating the market . They were about giving Google a place to experiment .
Advertisement
Google 's Pixel Phones Finally Offer the Support the Average Customer Needs
From a hardware standpoint , the Pixel does n't seem that much different from its recent Nexus predecessors . In fact , aside from spec bump and a couple new features , the Pixel and the Nexus 6P are almost the same phone . However , if you look at the criteria that made a Nexus , they could n't be more different .
Over the last year , Google has slowly introduced new , consumer-friendly services that aim to support regular users and not just developers and Android enthusiasts . You can get device insurance for $ 99 when you buy a Pixel ( first offered for the last generation of Nexus phones ) , and you can finance any device you buy from Google that costs more than $ 150 . Most impressive of all , the Pixel has 24/7 support built right into the phone . Real support , too—not just a button to email a black hole somewhere , or links to community-run support forums , which is about all Google has offered in the way of support up until now . Just tap a button in Settings and you 'll be connected with a Google agent by phone or chat who can help you with whatever problem you have . You can even share your screen so the agent can show you what to do . This is the kind of feature that 's most helpful to the least technically-inclined users .
Advertisement
Google also wants to make it easy for new users to transfer from an iPhone or any other Android handset . Inside the box , you 'll find a USB-to-USB-C adapter . Simply plug in your old phone and Google will take you through a three-step process to transfer all your contacts , events , messages , photos , videos , and more to your new phone .
Finally , Google is finally serious about advertising this thing . The company released teaser videos for its hardware event during Monday Night Football , an extremely expensive time slot . According to Reuters , the company has already spent millions on primetime television advertising with a lot more to come .
Advertisement
This all ends with a phone that has the support and infrastructure regular consumers need , but also brings Google 's hardware successes along for the ride . For the average person , having an insurance plan and 24/7 support is worth getting a slightly more expensive phone . Apple already does this with AppleCare . Google knows that enthusiasts and developers can tweak any phone—including the Pixel—to do what they want . Now , they want to bring in the people who just want a phone that works and someone to call when it does n't .
The Pixel Phones Are Really Nice , But It 's Okay to Wait
I 've been using a Pixel XL as my daily driver for the last week , and I 'm comfortable saying it 's an excellent phone . It does everything my Nexus 6P does , but it 's faster , the interface is smoother , and the camera is better . However , as an enthusiast who knows how to tweak his phone , there 's very little here that I ca n't get on my Nexus 6P . I probably wo n't be buying a Pixel when my review unit goes back .
Advertisement
If you 're reading Lifehacker , you might be in the same boat . It 's a confusing place to be . For years , Google has catered to us because we were the loudest supporters in Android 's early years . Those days are done , though . Android is huge and it 's not going anywhere . Google can now choose to focus on other things . For millions of people who buy smartphones , $ 650 is n't that expensive as long as they get the support that goes with it , and while it may seem expensive in comparison to the Nexus , it 's on-par with other flagships from other manufacturers . That 's roughly the same price that the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 start at . The Pixels are a mass market device with a mass market price and mass market support .
This is also something of a first-generation product for Google . Yes , the company has made phones before ( in partnerships with other manufacturers , and this phone is no different , ) but this is the first time it 's trying to provide a total customer service package for the average phone-buying public . There will be hiccups . Support will probably fail sometimes , and time will tell how well it 'll scale to thousands of users , or how good the support will actually be . There will probably be a much better piece of hardware next year after Google gets into the swing of designing phones on its own . If you want to wait , no one can blame you . However , this is the first time that Google 's made a phone that it 's ready to sell to the average consumer and actually has the support to back it up .
Photo by Wikimedia Commons .
Even if we 're all just human , sexual habits vary greatly by country .
Global sex trends identified by condom maker Durex in a 2005-2009 survey were mapped at ChartsBin ( and cited as some of the 40 maps that explain the world by TwistedSifter ) .
Average Age of First Intercourse by Country :
Youngest on the list is Iceland at an average age of 15.6 . Israel is almost as eager at 16.7 years old , followed by Brazil at 17.4 and the United States at 18 years . East Asians wait longest , China at 22.1 and Malaysia at 23 years old .
Click to see interactive chart . ChartsBin
Sex on a Weekly Basis by Country :
Greece tops the list of having the most sex on a weekly basis at 87 % . Brazil and Russia sit high on the list at 82 % and 80 % , respectively . Just over half of people in the US have weekly sex at 53 % . Japanese are least likely to have weekly sex at 34 % .
Click to see interactive chart . ChartsBin
Sex Satisfaction by Country
Nigerians are the most satisfied at 67 % and followed by Mexico at 63 % . The Greeks are only 51 % satisfied with their sex even though they topped the `` most sex per week '' list . The United States is partially satisfied at 48 % but ranks higher than Brazil , China , and Russia , which all have 42 % sexual satisfaction . Japanese , who have sex least often , also have the lowest sexual satisfaction at 15 % .
We 're deep in Pumpkin Spice Latte season , but winter will be here before you know it , and according to government forecasters , you should expect El Niño to be hanging around for most of it . On Thursday , scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released its winter-weather outlook , which predicted that this year 's El Niño — a weather phenomenon that happens when equatorial waters in the Pacific Ocean heat up — could be one of the strongest on record . Whether it will reach “ Godzilla ” levels , as previously forecast , is yet to be seen , but it will definitely dump significant amounts of rain on California and the southern U.S. , and likely bring warmer , drier weather to the North .
While the rain might be welcome in parched California — though it probably wo n't erase four years of drought — forecasters also say Texas , Florida , and even the East Coast should expect above-average precipitation . Whether that will be rain , snow , or one of those “ wintry mixes , ” scientists ca n't say yet .
The southeastern U.S. will probably be much cooler than average , while the Rockies , the Great Plains , and most of the northern United States will probably get the best deal , with drier , warmer weather . But before you bow down to the power of El Niño , a NOAA scientist did predict that in the Northeast , which suffered through the weather equivalent of the Dark Ages last year , will probably see “ 6 percent fewer heating days ” than last winter , which , looking at the glass half full , probably translates to one less subway delay and a couple of bucks off the ConEd bill .
But at least for the near term , the weather gods , ever fickle , have decided to dump some November weather on everyone toward the end of this week . A cold front is swinging down from Canada , which will probably keep temperatures in the New York area in the 50s this weekend , or possibly 40s outside the city . Sunday will probably be the coldest day , with some people waking up to 30-degree temperatures Sunday morning and the first frost of the season . Since sleeping until June is not an option , take solace in the fact that we should hit the 60s again next week .
